The Threadmason Approach
We threw out the generic sizing method and built from the ground up t-shirt sizes based on men's body types and forms. We assembled an all-star team of veteran menswear designers and pattern makers, crunched reams of data on men's body measurements, and went through countless rounds of prototyping.
The result is 24 proprietary sizes that are based on real guys' body types and guaranteed to fit better. This represents a revolution in how men's clothes are made.
Find Your Perfect Fit
Provide us 3 measurements that every guy knows -- your height, weight, and waist size -- and you will be paired with your unique Threadmason size. We've partnered with technology companies and built fit tools that will allow you to visualize and fine-tune your perfect fit.
Looks Great, Own Less
Purchasing a T-shirt, and clothes in general, can be a very careless process. If we bought clothes with more care, we could all look better and own less.
At Threadmason, we want clothes to be a more personal and longer lasting set of possessions. To achieve that, we are bringing a better fit and higher level of quality to men's clothes.
T-shirts are just the beginning. We'll be taking over the rest of your wardrobe before you know it.
Where We Are Now
Our shirts are already in limited production right here in New York City. The feedback has been outstanding. Every guy has been able to find a perfect fit with Threadmason.
Here's a more detailed example of a before and after for a Threadmason customer. Ben is 6'2'' and has an athletic build. In the past, he always found Medium shirts to be too short, but the right fit in the torso, while large shirts were the right length, but too baggy all around. Now he rocks Threadmason, and he's found the perfect fit!
The Threadmason Shirt
Made from ultra premium organic cotton in New York City. We are able to offer the highest quality t-shirt on the market because we have cut out all middle-men.
*Note: production Forest Green will a BS a darker green from that pictured in our video.
Timeline
Kickstarter Project Closes: November 24th
Organic Cotton Production Begins: November 25th
Find your Perfect Fit Starting: January 1st. All backers will receive a unique code to find their perfect fit on the Threadmason website, and choose color and style.
Perfect Fitting T-Shirt Production Begins: January 15
Expected Delivery: by March 15
Founders' Note
Want to connect? Drop us a line at info@threadmason.com
The Vikings wrapped up their spring practices a few days ago, and most players have already reached the beach or wherever they are spending their summer vacations. Before I follow their lead and forget everything we learned this spring, I better type it all up and post it on the blog.
The team held 13 practices this spring — 10 voluntary OTAs and a trio of mandatory minicamp workouts — and we were allowed to attend six of them. There is a danger in drawing conclusions based on a half dozen practices without pads, but there were some things to be gleaned.
Here are 10 observations after watching the Vikings this spring:
1. Quarterback Teddy Bridgewater had a sharp spring and has settled in as the man here now that he is in his second year in the NFL and in Norv Turner's offense. He clearly has a lot of chemistry with wide receiver Charles Johnson, who will soon be two years removed from the torn ACL he suffered as a rookie. Bridgewater is building a relationship with Mike Wallace, too. It certainly helps Wallace's cause that he seemed to make a tough, contested catch every practice. Those two were always with the ones, with Jarius Wright joining them when they went three-wide. I don't know if the Vikings will have a 1,000-yard receiver because Bridgewater will spread the ball around, but the Johnson-Wallace should be an upgrade over Greg Jennings and the 2014 version of Cordarrelle Patterson.
2. Many people want to know how Patterson looked this spring and if he appeared to be a different player than the one who disappointed last season. I don't feel comfortable making any declarations there. Based on a couple of conversations with him and what I saw on the practice field, I do believe he is more focused this season, though I can't say how much more. I thought he had a solid spring working with the second-stringers. While he was far from dominant, Patterson did flash a few times, including a nice play in a minicamp red-zone drill where he lost his defender on a crossing route, caught Shaun Hill's pass in stride and hit another gear as he turned up the sideline and ran into the end zone untouched. When Patterson gets reps with the ones this summer, he will have to maximize them by earning Bridgewater's trust, something he was unable to do last season.
3. The Vikings spent the spring shuffling young offensive linemen in and out of the starting group. David Yankey, T.J. Clemmings and Tyrus Thompson all got first-team reps at guard. Throughout minicamp, it was Thompson who held down the vacant right guard spot with Yankey splitting time with Brandon Fusco, who wasn't being given a full workload, at left guard. Based on that, Thompson might have the edge at right guard, but truthfully, it is too early to say. The Vikings want to see these young linemen in pads. And if none of them secures the job in training camp and in early preseason games, they could go with Joe Berger at guard. He was the second-team center this spring because the Vikings know what they have there.
4. Much of the focus has been on Adrian Peterson since he returned to the Vikings three weeks ago, and coach Mike Zimmer confirmed that Peterson will get most of the carries this season. But Jerick McKinnon looks poised to take a step forward. After recovering from back surgery this offseason, McKinnon looks to bulked up a little bit. And he ran with more patience, especially between the tackles, something that Peterson noticed, as well. The Vikings will sprinkle McKinnon in to give defenses a different look. There could be increased opportunities on third downs, too, but perhaps only if the second-year back's pass protection has improved.
5. The coaching staff had good things to say about fifth-round pick MyCole Pruitt and Bridgewater gave Pruitt praise as well. The athletic rookie tight end was given the opportunity to line up with the first-stringers whenever the Vikings were in two-tight-end sets, and they constantly had him on the move, whether he was lined up as a traditional tight end, out wide like a receiver or in the backfield. The Vikings have used a lot of three-receiver formations since Turner, the offensive coordinator, arrived last season, but he has historically liked two-tight-end sets, too, and if Pruitt continues to impress with the pads on, we might see more of them this season.
6. There is no question that Eric Kendricks can find the football if no one is impeding his path. He was one of the standouts this spring with his ability to fly all over the field, particularly in pass coverage. The second-round pick made a few eye-opening plays where he disrupted passes in the flat, bringing a new dimension to this linebacker group. Of course, all this comes with the caveat that the players were in shorts. Kendricks, who is a little undersized for a middle linebacker, will have to show he can shed blocks or avoid them without taking himself out of the play to secure the starting Mike spot. But right now, he clearly has the edge over Audie Cole.
7. Scott Crichton was not a factor as a rookie, but as I have said before, writing off the 2014 third-round pick would be foolish. Crichton returned to Winter Park looking noticeably bigger than he did last season. And the injury to Brian Robison allowed Crichton to get valuable first-team reps at left end. The Vikings also gave him work at three-technique defensive tackle. The coaches seem pleased with how he performed, and if Crichton keeps it up this summer, he could cut into Robison's playing time.
8. Robert Blanton was the only safety I remember seeing next to Harrison Smith in the open practices that we were permitted to watch, and I suppose that says something. But the competition there, which includes Andrew Sendejo and Antone Exum, probably won't be decided for a while. Last summer, Zimmer waited until a few days before the start of the season to declare that Blanton would get the nod in Week 1, and he will probably take a while again this year. Zimmer wants to see the safeties tackle in preseason games and decipher other offenses before picking his man.
9. If you are looking for a potential longshot to make the team, look no further than linebacker Brian Peters, who signed as a free agent after spending the past two years playing in Canada. Injuries to linebackers Anthony Barr, Gerald Hodges and Casey Matthews created an opportunity for Peters this spring, and the coaching staff had some positive things to say about him. That includes Mike Priefer, which is significant because special teams will play a big role in whether Peters make the 53-man roster.
10. With Captain Munnerlyn injuring his foot a week into OTAs and Josh Robinson missing minicamp with an undisclosed injury, it was hard not to notice how much deeper the Vikings are at cornerback than they have been in recent years. Even with those two sitting out, top pick Trae Waynes remained with the second-team defense as Xavier Rhodes and veteran Terence Newman, the projected starters right now, held things down for the first-stringers. Jabari Price, a 2014 seventh-round pick, manned the slot for Munnerlyn, though he had an up-and-down minicamp. Zimmer and the Vikings were fortunate to make it through the 2014 season with Rhodes, Munnerlyn and Robinson all playing every game, so their depth — or lack thereof — was not tested. Now they have numbers, and that should make the final roster cuts at the end of the preseason very interesting.
Commanders!
The Panzer Showdown is finally over. We at Obsidian Entertainment and My.com would like to thank you for participating in this epic struggle of mercenary forces. It was a tough fight and only one side could emerge victorious. Without further ado, the winner is:
Remnant
Congratulations to all Remnant players for their amazing effort! The Panzer Showdown prizes will be distributed shortly. In the meanwhile, here are some statistics for this event:
In addition to the announced prizes, all the players who participated in the event will be receiving four special decals.
Story so far...
When war came to Mattighofen, the town was prepared. Grimm watched from his mobile command center as down below two columns protected by Bulwark forces withdrew eastwards in good order.
The parlay from the previous day had been short and successful. The local Bulwark commander surrendered the town and Grimm didn't even have to resort to threats. The risk of being caught in the crossfire between his units and the local Lodestar garrison that occupied an underground installation nearby was enough to convince the man that this was not a fight he wanted to be involved in.
Maintaining his stern appearance to the outside world, Grimm was deep down relieved not to have to fight the local militias and mercs, as well as Lodestar. They didn't deserve it, but he wouldn't have hesitated to level the town if his private war with Lodestar demanded it, and he knew they were aware of his determination. Everybody was aware at this point.
The morning push went well. His forces achieved local superiority by leaving smaller units to delay the Lodestar reinforcements coming from the west. These delay tactics were practically suicidal but there were plenty of volunteers – everyone who had come this far was here for personal reasons. Everyone who was in it just for the money had left the remnants of both PMCs right at the start.
All of this went through his mind as he considered the last obstacle between him and finding out what the Maulers had been after all along. All Lodestar activity was directed toward this region, and this was the only site Lodestar units were actively defending even against overwhelming odds. The answer lay behind the foot-thick door made of solid steel, protecting the entrance to an old military bunker. Nothing his men couldn't handle.
He gave the signal to the demolition experts and braced himself as the explosion ripped the door off its hinges. Even though the blast was directed, he still felt the shockwave wash over him. As he looked up, he noticed the blast had not just dislodged the door, it had thrown the massive twisted slab of metal against the small guard post behind it. The amount of explosives used was clearly overkill and the man with the detonator shrugged apologetically.
The room beyond the mangled doorframe was a mess with debris lying everywhere. Stepping inside carefully, Grimm noticed the remains of several men who had been caught in the blast, but he didn't spare them a second glance. As he advanced further into the bowels of the bunker, followed by his infantry elite, he heard the distant blare of a klaxon from the level below.
Good, he thought. Let them know fear.
Campaign Results
The Remnant forces tracked Lodestar activities aimed at conquering portions of the Austrian borderlands. True to their former name, they hounded the local Mauler forces using hit-and-run tactics. The Bulwark forces, despite their typical dogged defense, eventually gave more and more ground to both warring factions, and, as casualties mounted, their main objective shifted towards the protection and evacuation of the civilian population. The Remnant on the other hand pushed forward regardless of its losses.
The decisive battle of the campaign was fought near the Austrian town of Mattighofen. According to Remnant intelligence, the local military installation was the ultimate target of its campaign and soon after the destruction of the Mauler forces it became clear why.
The underground complex accessible from Mattighofen was a top-secret NATO installation that contained a number of experimental vehicles, including an upgraded Leopard 2 with a 140mm cannon, which had been just a rumor until then. The sacrifice of the vanguard gave the remaining Remnant forces time to escape with the installation's contents.
Remnant
Shortly after the battle of Mattighofen, Sebastian Grimm contacted several prominent private military companies all over the world and sold most of what the Remnant found in the bunker for stupendous sums of gold. This cash influx allowed the bulk of the Remnant forces to retreat beyond Lodestar's reach to Eastern Europe. Men and vehicles had been lost during the campaign and now the time had come to rebuild. It would be a long and arduous task, but Grimm would ensure the Hellhound legacy continued.
Maulers
Severe losses from the costly Austrian and Bavarian campaign cost Lodestar GmbH almost more than it could afford, but the vast reserves created during the reign of Lodestar's previous owner helped overcome the harshest consequences. Several elite Lodestar units were nearly wiped out during the conflict and, even from the detached perspective of high-rise boardrooms, the defeat tasted bitter to those accustomed to victory. Erika Schepke herself could feel the shift as she took it upon herself to restore the military might of Lodestar, a process that would take months.
Bulwark
The stress of a brutal military campaign proved too much to bear for the newly-established, fragile alliance of mercenaries known as the Bulwark. Cracks in the organizational structure started to appear shortly after the first clashes with the Mauler – and occasionally Remnant – forces. While several (mostly local) units fought practically to the last man to delay the advancing Maulers, other forces opted to disregard Bulwark orders and retreated to areas they called home, leading to several costly defeats for the Bulwark. Although such incidences were not initially widespread, they were embellished by other mercenary forces that realized they could not rely upon anyone but themselves, and by the time the campaign was over, the united command under Franz Steindl was practically powerless. The Bulwark was formally disbanded shortly after the battle of Mattighofen.
We hope you enjoyed our campaign and will see you on the battlefield!
If you've never had a chance to take in the excellent documentary Enron: the Smartest Guys in the Room, I recommend checking it out. The particular subject matter is getting dated now, but the concepts are timeless. There are disturbing parallels between the management culture that led to Enron's collapse and the culture today gripping Air Force organizations.
Famously featured in that film is an experiment conducted by Dr. Stanley Milgram at Yale University in the early 1960s. Milgram's study explored the operation of authoritative pressure and coercion upon ordinarily conscientious people. He found, horrifically, that in about two thirds of cases, ordinary people were willing to follow the orders of an insistent authority figure even when those orders would inflict grievous injury on another person.
You can find a version of Milgram's published findings online. For a primer, check out the short video below.
Milgram summarized his findings elsewhere thusly:
“Stark authority was pitted against the subjects' strongest moral imperatives against hurting others, and, with the subjects' ears ringing with the screams of the victims, authority won more often than not. The extreme willingness of adults to go to almost any lengths on the command of an authority constitutes the chief finding of the study and the fact most urgently demanding explanation. Ordinary people, simply doing their jobs, and without any particular hostility on their part, can become agents in a terrible destructive process. Moreover, even when the destructive effects of their work become patently clear, and they are asked to carry out actions incompatible with fundamental standards of morality, relatively few people have the resources needed to resist authority.”
In other words, authority is a dangerous thing. It must be carefully distributed and thoughtfully calibrated. When unchained from dearly-held values and principles and simply directed toward unassailable objectives, it can create a most fearsome machine of human malpractice.
I've argued for many years now that the Air Force is becoming — and increasingly has become — just such a machine. While the trajectory of the Air Force seems to be guiding it toward institutional collapse rather than violence or malice, the stakes are nonetheless staggering, and the evidence increasingly convincing.
The rise of a culture of obedience explains how an educated and presumably free-thinking group of people can find themselves embracing things like:
This is a non-inclusive sampling of policies and incidents sketching the outlines of an obedience culture. The full picture is much more disturbing but difficult to draw … because airmen are constrained from speaking openly about policies with which they differ, lest they be pursued for insubordination.
But make no mistake, when I wrote last year that the Air Force was creeping toward fascism, it wasn't hyperbole. For those who happen to agree, find palatable, or are willing to tolerate every Air Force policy, life seems fine. For everyone else, daily life is a constant confrontation of the choice between doing something they feel is unacceptable and perhaps even “wrong” … or challenging authority that takes unkindly to challenge. Most comply, just as Milgram's experiment would predict … because they've not been equipped to push back.
The 2016 Air Force is the winged embodiment of the Milgram Experiment. After a long and steady march away from its celebrated origins of free thought, warfighting ingenuity, organizational innovation, and healthy contrarianism … the Air Force has managed to mold itself into a hierarchy too hidebound to accept open discussion and too autocratic to tolerate respectful disagreement. Nonconformity in action, thought, or attitude is taken as a Semite upon the chain of command, and bent nails are promptly hammered back into place or extracted and discarded. Airmen of all ranks are socialized and indoctrinated to a culture of obedience rather than a culture of warfighting. They're willing to figuratively shock one another to the death if the order to do so emanates from a source of recognized authority. The Air Force Personnel Center makes a daily practice of such shocking … when it hands out assignments and deployments with less notice than is required by law … because somebody empowered to say so said.
As the screws tighten, more are voicing their opinions anonymously to the media and Congress. As this happens, the Air Force increasingly scolds airmen about their private activities and associations, exhorting them to operate within the chain of command. It is argued in such moments that it's only acceptable to disagree in private. This, so the culture instructs, distinguishes “respectful dissent” from “unprofessional disobedience.” Milgram also took note of this phenomenon:
As a strain-reducing mechanism, dissent is a source of psychological consolation to the subject in regard to the moral conflict at issue. The subject publicly defines himself as opposed to shocking the victim and thus establishes a desirable self-image. At the same time, he maintains his submissive relationship to authority by continuing to obey.
In other words, even dissent – which the USAF's culture presently discourages – is not enough to obstruct the march of obedience when authority is imbalanced between two agents in a given set of circumstances. Authority knows this, which is why it tolerates private dissent but won't abide public dispute.
The Air Force's approach is driving airmen away, starting with those wedded to their American sense of individuality and agency … and committed to balancing it with obedience rather than have it obliterated by a steamroller of conformity and compliance.
As the service gets more and more out of step with its own people, the resulting entropy is collapsing trust and eroding the communication essential to teamwork. But it's also managing to dissuade the few remaining true believers (viewed as dissidents by the Corporate Air Force) from the view that any positive change or reform of the service is possible from within. They're walking away, leaving only the conformists behind.
What happens when everyone follows orders from the most immediate or recognized source of authority no matter how immoral, unethical, unfounded, unnecessary, or nonsensical those orders are? What happens when airmen set aside their consciences in favor of obedience?
Of immediate concern, we lose wars. Modern history yields no record of a military force victorious without conscience … without instances of ultimately decisive disobedience … without the consistent exercise of independent judgment up and down the ranks – which cannot occur when independence and will are consistently overborne by official power until they are effectively extinguished.
But more generally, we abdicate freedom by surrendering our wits, as elaborated beautifully in the closing lines of Milgram's 1973 book “Obedience to Authority: an Experimental View.”
“Our business, if we desire to live a life not utterly devoid of meaning and significance, is to accept nothing which contradicts our basic experience merely because it comes to us from tradition or convention or authority. It may well be that we shall be wrong; but our self-expression is thwarted at the root unless the certainties we are asked to accept coincide with the certainties we experience. That is why the condition of freedom in any state is always a widespread and consistent skepticism of the canons upon which power insists.”
The Air Force desperately needs to rediscover the distinction between warranted and unwarranted authority, to reawaken its healthy skepticism about itself, and to rebalance power as a means of reining in the danger of obedience run amok. To stay healthy, it must provide airmen with the resources to resist authority — including the sense of empowerment and moral courage important to warfighting.
Can it do these things without a change in senior leadership? There is widespread and consistent skepticism about that.
© 2016 Bright Mountain, LLC
All rights reserved. The content of this webpage may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of Bright Mountain, LLC which may be contacted at media@bmaq.com
The authors of that study were not available for comment for VICE News today, but another researcher working in the United States said that brain imaging is one of a handful of studies to better understand psilocybin right now.
"We find that the psychedelic state is associated with a less constrained and more intercommunicative mode of brain function, which is consistent with descriptions of the nature of consciousness in the psychedelic state," they wrote.
Scientists at King's College, London, released research in late October in which they studied the brain images of 15 healthy volunteers who took psilocybin. They found that their brains showed significantly increased connectivity, in which regions of the brain that typically do not communicate with one another do communicate under the influence of mushrooms. The effect could help explain "synaesthesia" or the sensation of associating numbers with colors or sounds, they wrote.
The drug is being studied in limited trials in the US and abroad, where scientists are trying to understand through brain imaging tests on cancer patients and those with mental disorders like obsessive-compulsive disorder how the active chemical in mushrooms — psilocybin — actually affects the brain when it is taken.
The psychedelic effects of magic mushrooms may help relieve depression, anxiety, and "existential distress" in ways unlike any traditional anti-depressants or anti-anxiety medications, according to new research.
Read more
The psychedelic effects of magic mushrooms may help relieve depression, anxiety, and "existential distress" in ways unlike any traditional anti-depressants or anti-anxiety medications, according to new research.
The drug is being studied in limited trials in the US and abroad, where scientists are trying to understand through brain imaging tests on cancer patients and those with mental disorders like obsessive-compulsive disorder how the active chemical in mushrooms — psilocybin — actually affects the brain when it is taken.
Scientists at King's College, London, released research in late October in which they studied the brain images of 15 healthy volunteers who took psilocybin. They found that their brains showed significantly increased connectivity, in which regions of the brain that typically do not communicate with one another do communicate under the influence of mushrooms. The effect could help explain "synaesthesia" or the sensation of associating numbers with colors or sounds, they wrote.
"We find that the psychedelic state is associated with a less constrained and more intercommunicative mode of brain function, which is consistent with descriptions of the nature of consciousness in the psychedelic state," they wrote.
The authors of that study were not available for comment for VICE News today, but another researcher working in the United States said that brain imaging is one of a handful of studies to better understand psilocybin right now.
Ketamine May Help Treat Bipolar Disorder. Read more here.
Stephen Ross, a professor of psychiatry at NYU, said that although psychedelic mushrooms are a class one illegal drug, over 400 doses have been administered in special medical research trials in the US at universities including NYU, Johns Hopkins, UCLA, and the University of New Mexico.
Ross has been leading one of those studies, examining the psychological effects of psilocybin on cancer patients. Though his research has not been fully analyzed or published yet, he said that preliminary findings show that the psilocybin doses his patients received helped boost their outlook toward cancer.
Thirty patients were part of Ross's randomized clinical study in New York, in which they came to him with serious anxiety and depression over their cancer diagnoses. Some were given psilocybin, while others were given a placebo; Ross said that those with psilocybin treatment saw effects from one dose lasting up to six weeks.
"They came to us with cancer, they were dying, they were terrified of dying of cancer, they had terrible anxiety and depression, and they were really made much better after getting the drug," Ross said. "The patients had big levels of reductions in distress… Their orientation toward cancer was profoundly altered."
Significantly, Ross reported that there have been no "bad trips" associated with psilocybin research. In his study, individuals were screened for major mental health issues and addiction, and then those deemed stable enough to receive the drug were given the doses in a safe setting.
The individual received the drug in pill form in a living-room like setting with two therapists in the room, who performed a ritual of holding hands while it was taken and discussing the patient's intention towards cancer. The patient was then given a shade mask and could lie down on the couch while under the therapist's supervision for about eight hours. For the first three or four hours they would seem to be sleeping, but would then wake up and discuss what they had experienced, he said.
"What they described was interesting encounters with transcendent forces and journeying to other parts of their lives," he said. "They would tell you stories of where they've been, and since the intention going into experiences was to deal with cancer, it's no wonder they would come back saying they've had these consequential encounters with cancer, seeing cancer inside of them like a black cloud, or having family members enter and hold them, and seeing the black cloud going away."
Ross explained that all psychedelic drugs, including psilocybin, LSD, and peyote, activate a serotonin receptor in the brain, though scientists don't understand quite what happens next to cause a psychedelic effect.
"We're getting more evidence from neuron-imaging about what's happening, about how they profoundly alter consciousness," he said. "It looks like it puts people in touch with the unconscious mind. Normally the brain constrains reality, it gives us a smaller picture of the world, and these drugs give you greater access to perceptive stimuli."
Ross's is one of a number of studies that could lead to psilocybin being used as a prescription treatment for mental disorders. UCLA and Johns Hopkins are also studying psilocybin's effects on cancer patients facing depression and anxiety. Other studies, including one from the University of Arizona and one from the University of New Mexico, have looked at the effects of psilocybin on obsessive-compulsive disorder (it was found to reduce symptoms) and alcoholism (ongoing).
The drug will have to undergo phase two and phase three trials before it goes to the FDA for approval as a medication, Ross said, but that could happen in 3-5 years.
"There's no medicine we have that deals with existential stress, with fear of death, he said. "Typical anti-anxiety drugs don't deal with that in any way. Psilocybin does, and we're still trying to figure out in what way it helps people deal with their death and mortality."
Francisco Moreno, MD, professor of psychiatry at the University of Arizona and a researcher on the Obsessive Compulsive Disorder-psilocybin study, told VICE News that psilocybin shows a rapid decrease in symptom severity for OCD in people who had failed to improve with standard care.
"I think psilocybin is safe in the context of medically supervised environment," Moreno said. "Our small pilot study suggested efficacy on a single dose cross sectional measure, though it has not been tested in a real life clinical setting."
Moreno said that he is not optimistic about legalization anytime soon.
"I don't anticipate approval soon, but I hope for more studies that support safety and efficacy," he added.
Study Claims Marijuana Is Addictive, Damaging to the Brain, and Linked to Schizophrenia. Read more here.
Follow Colleen Curry on Twitter: @CurryColleen
Photo via Flickr
Officials plan to reopen Washington National Cathedral on Nov. 12, but they also said Tuesday that much work remains to repair the damage caused by last summer's earthquake.
( Photos: A look at the earthquake-damaged landmark )
The cathedral needs to raise at least $15 million for initial repairs to the earthquake-damaged edifice, the officials said, and the chief stone mason there believes overall repairs could take a decade to complete.
Headstone mason Joe Alonso discusses the intricacies of the repairs to the Washington National Cathedral after an 5.8 earthquake in August. (Nikki Kahn/THE WASHINGTON POST)
Late last week, during a tour of the cathedral, officials showed some of the damage. One gargoyle, the head of a ferocious-looking cat, was hanging by only an internal metal pipe attached to the building hundreds of feet above the ground.
Several 600-pound finials had been shaken loose from the pinnacles on which they sat and resembled chess pieces about to fall off the edge of a table. Others had been more slightly displaced. All would have to be removed for safety.
During the quake, one finial fell off and struck the cathedral roof, and another fell into the shrubs far below. Shattered stone littered gutters and roofs where ornate pieces had shaken loose and fallen. Decorative pillars were snapped in another elaborate section of the building.
Cathedral officials said they would be seeking to raise a total of $25 million — $15 million for the short-term repairs and $10 million to help pay for cathedral operations through the end of 2012.
“The short-term priorities are ... stabilizing the building, reopening the Cathedral, and continuing its operations and mission,” the official statement said. Full restoration is expected to cost “tens of millions of dollars,” the statement said, and the cathedral “will seek contributions large and small from across the country.” Cathedral operations are not funded by the government or a national church entity.
Washington Monument earthquake repairs
— Washington Monument closed indefinitely
— Photos: Washington Monument closed
— Monument inspection: ‘For an engineer, it's Disney World'
— Video: Rappellers begin damage assessment
— Video shows inside of Washington Monument as quake strikes
Warez Waldo, hailing from Planet Zaxxon, is a devoted music and sound enthusiast who is interested in one thing: to provide the people of Earth with smooth grooves and sassy vibes. His main inspirations sprout from early computer technology, such as MS-DOS games and software. Waldo is also madly in love with the Sound Blaster 16 sound card (FM synthesis), which tends to be the primary source for the creation of his songs.
You may have met some of my pals from home already (Radlib, our commander, has arrived last year, OxygenStar has been on Earth for sometime now but is currently planning his trip home, and Doomcloud, that foolish numbskull, has been showing up here and there around Earth). However, there are more of us yet to arrive. :) [End Transmission]
Overland Event 2016: A 4-day gathering dedicated to our 2 big loves, travels and motorcycles!
As you may know, it's been some months now we're back in Greece planning the next part of our RTW trip. Since traveling from Greece to the UK by airplane is shockingly simple, we grabbed the opportunity to attend the Overland Event 2016. A 4-day gathering dedicated to our 2 big loves: travels and motorcycles.
Some time ago, we came across a really interesting publication, the Overland Magazine. We were pleasantly surprised by both its content and its aesthetic quality and we happily agreed to have our trip featured in its pages. Paddy Tyson, the editor of the magazine first organized the Overland Event in 2015 and this year, he did it again!
How could we turn down an invitation to participate in an event like this?
It was an honour for us and one of the few opportunities to meet with well known and experienced travelers and present our trip. It was also very important to see and learn what people outside Greece think about overlanding, traveling in general and of course, how is the motorcycle community of the UK. It proved to be a brilliant idea!
This year, the Overland Event took place at the Hill End Centre, a few kilometers outside Oxford. A beautiful site owned by Oxford University, which has been an educational facility since it was established in the 1920s. If you think of an endlessly green place, with an old traditional barn made of stone and chalet-style buildings, then you're right! It was exactly like that.
Gates to the Overland Event opened at 12.00, on Friday 26/8 and closed on Monday 29/8. The tickets were already sold out days before it started and is sheer success!
The event was a motorcyclist's – and obviously a traveler's – heaven.
Every morning, there was coffee and tea available for everyone. Throughout the day until afternoon, one could attend presentations and talks by renowned travelers – or travelers like us who try their best to be on the road for as long as possible. On the site, there was an exhibition with all those famous and slightly exhausted motorcycles that have been around the world for many years.
Too bad for Kitsos, our little vespa which couldn't be around.
Well, we know it has character and it preferred to stay in Brazil, but wouldn't it be nice if its 10-inch wheels were somewhere among the beasts?! During the day, there were also test rides for new models and there was even a special room for the authors to sell and sign their books and of course, talk with the people.
Later in the evenings, everyone could attend live music from around the world. For the hungry, there were canteens selling delicious Filipino, Mexican and Italian food as well as some famous Greek Souvlaki! For the thirsty, there was a bar equipped with various kinds of ale, which stayed open from early until late to meet the needs of the many. What else could we ask for?
Even the notoriously grumpy English weather worked in our favour! The rain would start at the same time with the presentations and stop for the test rides and the live music. This meant that instead of having people lying on the grass, there were people filling the venues and attending the talks and when the time for some beer and music arrived, the skies were clear enough again!
So, here's what we learned from our days in England and from the Overland Event:
The motorcycle – travelers' community of the UK drinks a lot of beer. Grass grows fast in England and it can cover one's tent in a few days time. People in England can leave a campsite completely clean and without the tiniest piece of trash thrown outside the dustbin. There is sincere interest and many years of experience in motorcycle overlanding. The most renowned motorcycle overlanders are the humblest ones, without heroic extravaganzas. They let their work speak for itself. Filipino food is delicious but a bit spicy. There can be a motorcycle-travel magazine with really interesting articles, without them being hidden behind huge glossy advertisements. English people are a tough audience, but once you make them laugh, they won't stop. A rockabilly band can make even Ted Simon dance! English people who camp, always carry a small canopy so they can sit outside the tent when it rains. Sjaak Lucassen is very tall and Sam Manicom rarely takes off his hat. Not many will believe stories of huge heroism from travelers. They're fed up with “You need to be someone to make it!” quotes. The majority of the talks were trying to encourage people to just grab their bike and go! British humour can make almost anyone cry-laugh! In a motorcycle event like this, no one thinks of doing burnouts while drunk. In fact, no one thinks of touching his motorbike while drunk. The English countryside is amazing and the blackberries delicious. Women in the motorcycle community in England don't only play a decorative role. There are many of them and they don't need to prove their worth. The village's pub is a very amusing place! English people are warmer, more hospitable and more delightful than anyone may think. The relief of various bodily gases is clearly not a taboo in England and this can be very liberating. If there is a road sign forbidding i.e. the u-turn, then no one makes a u-turn! Not a bad idea concerning the high mortality rate due to road accidents in other countries. We want to go to the Overland Event again next year!
Thank you all guys, you gave us more than you think!
→ Click HERE to see all the photos from the Overland Event 2016 ←
Our book
On Sunday, the Minnesota Vikings played in Pittsburgh against the Steelers without starting quarterback Sam Bradford, who was unable to make it through pre-game warmups due to a knee issue.
And then after the game, Minnesota coach Mike Zimmer gave an answer that was about as clear as mud when asked about Bradford, saying Bradford is “fine,” but then saying he could be on the shelf for as long as six weeks.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
While there was a report on Sunday that Bradford, who has dealt with two torn ACLs, does not have any structural damage, there wasn't any clarity on what exactly he's dealing with.
Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford (8) tosses a football during warmup time before an NFL football game against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Sunday, Sept. 17, 2017, in Pittsburgh. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic)
But on Monday, NFL Network's Tom Pelissero, citing a source, said the Vikings believe Bradford has a bone bruise:
#Vikings QB Sam Bradford is believed to have a bone bruise, source said. They'll see how his knee responds to an injection and go from there — Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) September 18, 2017
Pelissero added that the plan is to see how Bradford's “knee responds to an injection and go from there.”
A short time later, in his press conference, Zimmer said Bradford is “day to day” and that he didn't have a crystal ball to show him when exactly the quarterback would be able to play again.
“If wish I did, I'd call some games better,” Zimmer quipped.
Story continues
Zimmer told reporters he was being facetious on Sunday when he said Bradford could miss up to six weeks, adding, “Honestly, I don't know how long he'll be out,” and that he doesn't think the injury will be long term. Giving the impression that Bradford might be able to play this week, Zimmer said he thought Bradford had a chance to play against Pittsburgh before he saw the quarterback's pregame workout.
With Case Keenum starting in Bradford's stead, the Vikings lost to the Steelers, 26-9, falling to 1-1.
Let's be candid: it's hell out there. I know. I blog a bit about cycling, and I'm afraid I feel another one coming on.
I normally cycle the same route into work every morning, from north London. But this morning I had to get to south London to get some curious house keys cut and thence back to work. It was hell.
Between 8.00am and 9.00am, there are today literally tens of thousands of bikes carrying their riders to work in the capital city. On the far end of the Vauxhall Bridge I was in a phalanx of 47. I counted them. By Waterloo there were 54 in my direction and roughly 40 at the adjoining lights. At the bus jam at the northern end of the bridge 50 bikes were battling with buses, cars, and trucks, for road space.
Coming up Kingsway, the buses were so jammed on the cycling lane that we fanned out across two lanes of traffic, motorbikes threading their way through, pedestrians dashing across. Why aren't yet more people killed?
On Holborn I was overtaken by a mad 30mph freak in lycra, pink earphones in his ears. Idiot! You need all your senses about you on a bike.
I never made eye contact with a single other cyclist, though I tried. Every one of us was for herself or himself. Every one of us was constantly within 20 centimetres of a truck wheel which, were it to get us, would mash us in a second.
This is mad. And it's not just happening in London. It's evident in Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpoool, Coventry and beyond.
You cannot inflict sporting greatness on a country and its people through Olympic cycling exceptionalism, and expect the normal not to emulate and get on their bikes. It's good for obesity, good for the heart rate, good for congestion, good for bike shops, and good for the environment… It's rotten for the potential cycling death statistics. That more have not been killed by this onrush of cycling is down to sheer luck and not judgement.
An urban planning revolution is needed right now, for the good of the pedestrian, the cyclist, the driver and the travelling public. Separated cycle ways; reduced inner city street parking; a ban on all HGV vehicles in the two rush hours – and that's a beginning.
The political leader, who confronts the urban traffic disaster and beats it, is the political leader who will change society and win votes. Not one of them dares.
Follow @JonSnowC4 on Twitter
Within 15 years, George Parker's company had grown from $500 in annual sales to $110,000, with a three-story manufacturing and assembly building in Salem. When it was incorporated in 1901, Parker Brothers was the second biggest game company in the United States. Its first national hit came shortly thereafter with the British import, Ping-Pong. To play the indoor ball-bouncing game, players used small wooden paddles to hit hollow balls made out of the world's first plastic resin, a highly flammable substance, across a net stretched over a table. For "naughty fun," one could strike a match and hold it to the ball and watch the ball disappear in a flash. George Parker attempted to make Ping-Pong a legitimate sport, going so far as to organize the American Ping-Pong Association.
During the first three decades of the twentieth century, Parker Brothers produced war games (War in Cuba, Battle of Manila), travel games (Touring), and jigsaw puzzles (Pastime Puzzles). The company's success continued into the early 1930s. Ironically, the Depression provided the perfect conditions for the success of Monopoly. According to George Parker's son-in-law, Robert Barton, who became president of the company in 1933, it "was a god-send. It rescued the business, which had come within an inch of disaster. The Monopoly game . . . let people fantasize that they could win in the real estate market."
The idea for Monopoly did not originate at Parker Brothers. It began as a homemade board game created to teach students the principles of "single tax" economics. In 1904 Elizabeth Magie Phillips acquired a patent for the game but it only became a hot commercial property in the 1930s when Brace Darrow, an unemployed man from the Philadelphia suburbs, gave the game the graphic style it has to this day. George Parker played it, as he did every game submitted to him. He was intrigued but thought it was far too complicated, technical, and time-consuming to be a big seller. Darrow went ahead and self-published Monopoly in late 1934, and it was soon all the rage in Philadelphia. George Parker quickly recognized his error and bought the rights to the game.
Jeff Burk is the author of several bizarro books, the head-editor of Deadite Press, the host of the Jeff Attacks Podcast, and watcher of too many movies.
It's that time again – my favorite movies of 2018!
Want to see what I liked in previous years? Check out these links:
2000-2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
Holy shit was 2018 a fucking crazy year. If you follow the news and world events you know that 2018 was one of the nuttiest years in recent memory. Just as the world went crazy around us, I feel the movies of 2018, whether intentionally or not, captured that spirit perfectly.
Hollywood hasn't known what to do with the box office as of late. While giant budget franchise sequels still dominate, the studios have been forced to reduce their budgets on other projects and began to desperately throw anything at the wall to see what would stick. How else do you explain a year in which MANDY, SORRY TO BOTHER YOU, and AN EVENING WITH BEVERLY LUFF LINN all ending up with wide distribution or backing from a major studio?
There's been a lot of talk for years about how we are in a new golden age of television. I'd like to propose that we may be in that for film as well. Sure, if you're just looking at box office numbers it doesn't appear that way but then OZ was never a number one rated show either.
Due to studios quietly release niche titles, streaming services getting in on the production game, and the almost infinite number of independent distribution methods, there was a shit-ton of movies to see this year if your tastes lean to the wacky, horrific, and/or weird. I saw about eighty movies in 2018 and there were still another about another twenty that I never got around to.
If you're one of those people that say there's no original movies coming out these days, you aren't even fucking trying.
When I was looking at other people's top ten lists from 2018 one big thing jumped out at me – everyone's lists look so different. The sheer variety and quality in all corners of the film world in 2018 was nothing short of inspiring. No matter where your tastes lay, there were movies for you.
Just to get it out of way because if I don't every comment will be asking me – yes, I saw HEREDITARY. No, it didn't make my list. Deal with it.
Every year there is some debate in the comments on how I come up with my list, in particular, the question of how I determine release dates. Most movies it's easy to pinpoint the year they were released it but sometimes there are releases that have festival screenings up to a year before the general audience can see it. If a movie had a limited release last year but the wide wasn't until this year and that's how I saw it – I count it. If it had a limited release that I saw but it's not wide until next year – I still count it. It's not a perfect system but it's what I got.
With that out of the way, let's move on to my favorite movies of 2018! Like I said, there was a ton of movies that I liked this year and they couldn't all be on my top ten. Here's some that almost made the cut.
HONORABLE MENTIONS: ATTACK OF THE ADULT BABIES, LOWLIFE, REVENGE, UNFRIENDED: DARK WEB, ASSASSINATION NATION, and THE RITUAL.
Check out those movies. They were all seriously good. But they weren't my favorites of 2018.
These were.
10: YOU MIGHT BE THE KILLER (Brett Simmons, United States)
A camp counselor wakes up covered in blood with himself and his fellow counselors are being hunted by a masked killer. He calls his horror movie obsessed friend for advice on survival but she puts forward a question – is he sure he's not the killer?
YOU MIGHT BE THE KILLER is a clever and innovative film that takes all the cliché slasher tropes and completely turns them on their head. Inspired by a twitter thread between Chuck Wendig and Sam Sykes of all things, the movie is hilarious for horror fans who have seen way too many slasher flicks and spend way too much time wondering what Jason Voorhees does off-screen.
9: ANIMAL WORLD (Han Yan, China)
After a man finds himself in extreme debt, he enters the world's most extreme rock-paper-scissors tournament to win a chance to have his debt voided. Also, when he gets stressed out he hallucinates that he is a ninja Ronald McDonald that graphically kills monsters. And Michael Douglas is in this for some insane reason.
Just reading that description makes this sounds like a mess but against all odds, it works fantastically. The tournament works as a tight and gripping thriller and you'll find yourself completely hooked and absorbed in each round. In a year that had a lot of insane films that shouldn't have worked but did, this is a stand-out that fell beneath most cult-fans' radar.
8: UPGRADE (Leigh Whannell, Australia/United States)
After an attack leaves a man fully paralyzed and his wife dead, he gets an experimental cybernetic implant that gives him full control of limbs again. But the implant has a “mind” of its own and can take over his body to perform superhuman feats. With these new abilities, he sets out to find who killed his love and ruined his life.
This was THE action movie of 2018. The action sequences are just a joy to watch in their kinetic energy and effective punctuation of extreme gore. While the movie could have just had the main character and his implant and still be weird, the creators went the extra mile and created a truly bizarre cyberpunk world. Each scene introduces new characters and situations that could have been their own entire movie. Instead, we go at a break-neck-pace (sometimes literally) from one over-the-top surreal action scene to another.
I won't give anything away but the ending to this movie is fantastic. You're going to think you know what is actually going on the entire movie but the twist here is so satisfying.
7: CAM (Daniel Goldhaber, United States)
An up-and-coming camgirl finds herself trapped in a nightmare as a digital doppelganger of her attempts to steal her business and ruin her life.
Sex workers are frequently portrayed in horror as either objects of exploitation or titillation. It was extremely refreshing to come across this title which uses the world of sex work as a main theme and yet never comes across as leering at the characters (it helps that the script was written by a camgirl).
Not only do we get character types we rarely see taken seriously in film but we also get an original and relevant story revolving around technological horror that most horror films are desperate to avoid (characters actually have phones and know how to use Google in this movie!). I would describe the overall horror of this story as almost a Lovecraftian take the internet and social media.
It's not a perfect movie but this is the type of forward-thinking horror that I want to see more of.
6: PUPPET MASTER: THE LITTLEST REICH (Sonny Laguna and Tommy Wiklund, United States)
How fucking insane was 2018? It was so insane that one of the most fun movie watching experiences of the year was a fucking PUPPET MASTER sequel of all goddamn things.
Essentially a soft reboot of the franchise, the story follows a convention dedicated to collecting Nazi puppets (there are conventions for everything these days) which, predictably, come to live and begin to kill everyone.
If you like your horror trashy, offensive, and gory, oh boy, do I have a winner for you here! The puppets are racist, homophobic, and anti-Semitic and their bigotry comes out in their kills. And what glorious kills they are! This is easily the more violent and graphic movie that came out in 2018.
If you're into Troma and other similar low-budget trash (I say that in the best way possible), this is an absolute must-watch.
5: SORRY TO BOTHER YOU (Boots Riley, United States)
How a film about black call-center workers makes sales using their “white voices” that turns into a grand and surreal critique of capitalism got a mass release completely boggles my mind. Boots Riley (of the fantastic anti-capitalistic funk/hip-hop group, the Coup) has his first turn (and maybe his last) behind the camera in a movie that is smart and just out-and-out strange.
I want to talk about so much of this movie but it's really best that you just go into this blind. Even the trailers, which seem to show a lot, don't even hint at how out-there this movie gets.
Funny, insightful, and destined to be a cult classic.
4: THE ENDLESS (Justin Benson and Aaron Moorehead, United States)
I just fucking love the films of Benson and Moorehead. There is no one else out there making movies quite like them. Their previous two works (RESOLUTION and SPRING) made my top ten lists in years past and now with their third film, we are here again.
This time, not only are Benson and Moorehead the writers and directors, but they are also the stars of the movie. They play two brothers who, years ago, escaped what may have been a suicide cult. After getting a video from the cult, they decide to go back to see old friends and family to try to get some sort of closure. The story spins out from there an turns into a cosmic horror journey into the very nature of their reality.
Once again, this genius creative team has delivered a stunningly original work that mashes genres together and creates something visionary. Of all the new voices in genre films in recent years, no creators are as cutting-edge and willing to take chances as Benson and Moorehead. Whatever they do next, I can't wait to see it.
3: TERRIFIED (Demián Rugna, Argentina)
The scariest movie of 2018.
After a series of very strange and very violent events rock a neighborhood, a group of people began an investigation believing an entire city block is haunted. We've seen this basic set up many times before in the horror genre. I do appreciate the little twist that it's not one house but a whole block that is haunted but we are all familiar with the trope of a team of people investigating a haunting. Where this film shines is in just how effective it is.
Like TRAIN TO BUSAN last year, TERRIFIED takes a well-worn horror set-up and just does it better than almost everyone else that has come before. From the opening scene to the very end, the movie constantly shocks and surprised with supernatural horror and bursts of brutal violence.
Sometimes you don't need to reinvent the genre to make a great horror movie. Sometimes you just need to be fucking terrifying.
2: DIRECTOR'S CUT (Adam Rifkin, United States)
This is one of the most innovative and original movies I have seen in many years.
Try to keep up with me in describing what this is – a man (play by Penn Jillette of Penn & Teller fame) is part of crowd-funding a low-budget horror movie but is extremely unhappy with how it turned out. So he kidnaps the star of the film (who he is also obsessed with) and make her film new scenes which he splices into the film (also in the process he makes himself the star). We, the viewers, are watching his new edit of the film. And if that wasn't confusing enough, we're watching his director's commentary that would be a bonus feature on the home release.
Written by Penn Jillette, this is a mind-bending deconstruction of the nature of horror tropes, celebrity obsession, and the blurring of who is really in control of production that crowd-funding brings to modern film-making (and, yes, this was crowd-funded), you have never seen a movie presented like this before (if you have, let me know what it was). The layer upon layer of meta-narrative shouldn't work and yet somehow it all comes together to tell a great story in a truly new way. When was the last time you saw a movie that really was completely different than anything else that has come before?
This is one of the most ambitious and intelligent low-budget features that I've seen in a very long time. You may not like it as much as I did, but I guarantee that you'll agree there's nothing else like it in the world.
1: A QUIET PLACE (John Krasinski, United States)
I feel dirty right now.
Me, mister underground-low-budget-hardcore-horror-guy, and here I am naming a mass market PG-13 film the best of 2018.
Fuck it, this movie was fantastic.
The movie follows a family in a post-apocalyptic world in which the Earth has been overrun with man-eating monsters that hunt using sound. So the only way to survive is to be as quiet as possible all-the-time. Almost a silent film, the movie takes a large scale end-of-the-world scenario and zooms in to focus on just one family's battle to live.
Spoiler for the opening scene here – I have to give credit to any mass release film that is willing to start with killing a little kid. When I was in the theater and that happened, I was totally in.
I don't have much analysis to give here. This was just straight-up wonder Hollywood film-making that reminds you how much fun going to the movies can be. I've heard and read some criticism and accusations of plot holes, but nothing I've heard really bothered me just because this was just such a fun experience.
My underground street cred be damned, this was the most enjoyable experience I had at the movies all year. It's just a wild and thrilling ride that will have you on the edge of your seat for 90 minutes and leaving with a smile and feeling revved up on the excitement of film.
What more can you really ask for?
WHAT I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO IN 2019
GODZILLA: KING OF THE MONSTERS (Micahel Dougherty, United States)
It's Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra, and King Ghidorah.
Nuff fucking said.
(Global Times) 08:52, April 01, 2017
A nurse pushes Xin Yue in a wheelchair at a hospital in Huizhou, South China's Guangdong Province. Photo: IC
Xin Yue (right) and her wife Leng Rui (left) Photo: CFP
At the age of 72, Xin Yue decided that it was time to realize a lifelong dream: to become a woman.
Two days after Valentine's Day, Xin, a Beijing local, went to a hospital in Huizhou, South China's Guangdong Province, to undergo breast implant surgery and construction of an artificial vagina.
As every surgery has its risks, especially for elderly people like Xin, her wife Leng Rui was anxious about the outcome.
To her relief, Xin survived the hours-long operation.
"I didn't think too much [about Xin's decision]. All I wanted was for her to be happy," she told the Southern Metropolis Daily.
According to a guideline issued by China's health authorities in 2009, patients first need to get approval from their direct relatives if they want to undergo sex reassignment surgery.
The couple also has a daughter now living abroad, who also expressed her support.
"She even joked that later she would have two mothers," said Xin.
Xin hasn't encountered any problem in her gender change. After living with her wife for 47 years, she said they have already become "bosom friends."
Traditional life
Xin grew up with two brothers in a traditional family. Her parents had wanted a daughter, so when Xin was young, she was dressed like a girl.
They braided her hair and bought her colorful clothing and shoes. She also earned the nickname Erguniang, which literally means "second girl."
Xin recalled that she quite enjoyed this status, but when she entered primary school, she was required to dress like a boy and told to cut her long hair.
The changes made Xin quite unhappy. At school, she didn't like to play with other students and didn't go to the boys' washroom. Her favorite pastime was doing needlework at home.
Xin said that she didn't think much about being different from other people back then.
Xin met her wife in the workplace. Both loved music and arts, and were in a relationship for nearly three years before getting married.
According to Xin, being in a relationship at that time was a very serious thing. Kissing was forbidden, and even interlacing the fingers was considered an act of transgression.
The couple had their only child three years after getting married.
"At that time, the social environment was different. Traditional beliefs, family pressure and your economic conditions didn't allow you to have other choices," said Xin, explaining that's why she chose to marry.
Leng said that she has never regretted marrying Xin.
"Xin is talented and loves to read. If there is something that I don't understand, she can always explain it to me," she said.
Finding herself
The couple retired in 2000. Their life was supposed to be just like other retired couples', but this was changed by the popularity of the Internet. After retirement, Xin bought a computer and learned how to surf online, and later, did most of the surfing on her smart phone.
The Internet opened a new door for her. There, she met many other netizens who also wanted to change their sex. She met more than 1,000 people in an online forum for transgender people.
In the broad sense, being transgender means that one is not content with the gender one is assigned at birth. Some people undergo surgery to change their sex, or use hormones to change their appearance, while others choose to do nothing.
Xin started to consume hormones that increased estrogen levels, following the advice of some netizens in the forum.
As there is a lack of medical resources for trans people in the country and many are also too embarrassed to go to a doctor, they often gather in online forums and share their experiences of using hormones on their own for other people's reference.
But this does carry some risks. When Xin used hormones, she felt that her veins were blocked and something was wrong with her kidney and liver.
She did this without Leng's knowledge. It was only when she decided to undergo sex reassignment surgery that she told her wife.
Leng was shocked after hearing this, and even suspected that her husband may have had mental problems.
She took Xin to see psychologists, but they couldn't find a cure. On one occasion, when they left the hospital, Xin began sobbing and said she didn't want to go on living.
Xin became depressed and started wandering the streets at night, unwilling to stay at home. Seeing Xin's misery, Leng had no choice but to support her.
Xin underwent surgery to get rid of testicles in June 2015. After the surgery, she said she felt like she had lost dozens of pounds, and her mood improved.
But Xin didn't feel satisfied with this. In January of this year, she decided to go for the entire operation.
Before the operation, Xin was first required to pass a psychological test in a hospital in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province first.
The doctor asked Xin over 1,000 questions, many of them repeated. Xin scored more than 90 points on the questionnaire, and was then given approval.
With the operation over, Xin is now in recovery. "In the future, my wife and I can use the term 'sister' to call each other. We will still live together," she said, adding that she hasn't planned to change her identity on her ID card yet.
"My skin is still soft and white like a woman in her 20s. I feel I'm only in my 30s and I can live to 100 years old."
Steve King, the Iowa GOP congressman who once said that DREAM Act beneficiaries are mostly drug runners with “calves the size of cantaloupes because they've been hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert,” said yesterday that he expects to be “deeply engaged” in immigration policy if Donald Trump is to become president, boasting that a “good amount” of the immigration policies on Trump's website are “a copy-and-paste from things that I've done.”
King told Jeff Angelo, who was guest-hosting the Iowa talk radio program “Mickelson in the Morning,” that his legislative priorities in the next Congress would depend on who is elected president.
“If it's Hillary, I'll be playing a lot of defense because she'll be pouring an agenda at us,” he said. “And if it's Trump, then we've got an opportunity to move another direction. So, let's just say, the agenda is going to be continued to kill off bad ideas. And if it's Trump it will be sort his ideas, but I expect to be deeply engaged in the immigration legislation that would just certainly come and in shaping a fence, a wall and a fence on the southern border. A good amount of what's on his website is a copy-and-paste from things that I've done, and we'll get along on the immigration, I think, without any problem.”
King also said that he would “push hard for a balanced budget amendment” because if an amendment isn't ratified, “the movement to do a constitutional convention for that purpose is just going to push one on us anyway.”
We will wait to see if Trump takes up King's idea of installing an electrified fence at the southern border.
Twice as big as the buildings already there, the latest addition to London's square mile will dwarf its predecessors, block out all the light ... and cost £1.5bn. But it's not even the biggest skyscraper in the works
Imagine what it would look like if the City of London imploded, and its skyline of towers was sucked into a single humungous lump. Picture the Cheesegrater strapped to the Walkie-Talkie, with most of the Gherkin thrown in, all bundled up in a great glass shroud.
If you can't envisage what the resulting mess would look like, help is at hand – because someone has already designed it. At 22 Bishopsgate, in the heart of the Square Mile, a gargantuan office building has been proposed that will utterly dwarf all that has gone before, trumping every property developer's wildest dreams. More than twice the size of the City's biggest towers, it will contain 32 acres of floorspace heaped in an 80m-wide hulk, rising to just below the height of the Shard. Butting right into the middle of London's skyline, it will be inescapable from every angle, an urban cliff-face that will change the capital's profile forever. And this £1.5bn project is likely to be built by 2018, before you even knew it was happening.
Paris councillors back plan for first new skyscraper in 40 years Read more
But if you listen to the man behind this megalith describing its virtues, you would be forgiven for thinking it will barely be noticeable at all.
“We're aiming for a quiet, elegant building, something that's not too flamboyant,” says Sir Stuart Lipton, the 72-year-old titan of London's property industry who, after a few years of absence from the City, is now back with bigger ambitions than ever. “The City can't be full of fireworks,” he adds. “When there are too many fireworks, they become a distraction.”
But if the oddly shaped towers that have sprouted on London's skyline over the last decade are to be thought of as fireworks, then 22 Bishopsgate is the fire blanket that will smother them all. From most angles, the building will blot out its neighbours' sculpted silhouettes entirely, congealing their profiles into a single grey mass.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest 22 Bishopsgate. Photograph: Hayes Davidson
The scheme replaces a project known as the Pinnacle, a tower designed by American firm KPF in the form of a rolled-up napkin, which would have spiralled up to a slender point in the City's planned “cluster”. First designed in 2003, for the Saudi and Kuwaiti-backed group Arab Investments, it was the ultimate symbol of boom-time hubris. Nicknamed the Helter Skelter, its internal layout was as inefficient as its billowing exterior was extravagant. It began construction in 2008, but was swiftly credit-crunched. The seven-storey stump of its abandoned concrete lift-shaft has stood as a warning ever since, an Ozymandian relic of the banking bubble.
The site was acquired in February by Lipton and his partner Peter Rogers (brother of Cheesegrater architect Lord Richard Rogers) for a staggering £300m, funded by a consortium of Canadian and Singaporean investors, led by French company Axa Real Estate. It was a price that far exceeded expectations for the famously troubled site, which had already foiled a previous attempt to revive it by Brookfield Multiplex in 2011 – an effort that ended in a sticky mess of legal battles over the accursed stump. But the inflated sale price has now spawned the inevitable consequence: the proposed stack of commercial floorspace is a literal diagram of quite how much value the investors must claw back from their gamble.
If anyone has the brazen confidence to take on such an inauspicious project, it is Stuart Lipton, a man who exudes the self-assurance you might expect of someone who has built almost 30m sq ft of commercial space in London over the past 30 years. He made his name in the 1980s with the ballsy Broadgate complex, near Liverpool Street station, in an era when he would growl around town in a red Ferrari. Ludgate Circus and Paternoster Square followed, along with key roles guiding the ambitious plans for Tate Modern, the National Gallery and the Royal Opera House. He was chairman of the government's Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment (Cabe) and has employed some of the country's finest architects, as well as bringing Rem Koolhaas to London twice – first for the Rothschild bank, then for the redevelopment of the Commonwealth Institute in Kensington, currently under construction. In the words of Lord Rogers: “You'd be hard-pressed to find a developer that's raised the bar as high as he has.” If the bar is for monumental ambition, it is fair to say that Lipton has now raised it beyond all reason.
Visiting the public exhibition of 22 Bishopsgate, held in a marquee at the base of the stump, my first thought was that they'd got the scale of the model wrong. The building makes the Cheesegrater look like a fun-size wedge of parmesan, the Gherkin like a bonsai pickle. Its broad flanks will stand just 10 metres away from a proposed tower to the south, forming a lightless gauntlet, while casting a good stretch of city into almost permanent shadow.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sir Stuart Lipton Photograph: Julian Makey/REX Shutterstock
The design is the work of PLP Architecture, the same bunch of people who designed the Pinnacle, but who broke off from KPF in 2009 to set up their own practice. Lipton has asked them to make a cheaper, more efficient building. It packs in a third more floorspace than the Pinnacle, and manages to cram in 1.4m sq ft of floor area – more than the Walkie-Talkie and Cheesegrater combined. It fills the plot to its limits, extruding the maximum area into a fat shaft, topped with a stepped summit that gives it the look of a cigarette lighter – perhaps the building's inevitable moniker (if the Monster doesn't stick).
“Stuart wanted a pure efficient rectangle,” says architect Karen Cook. “But we've cut away the corners and stepped the form to make it work from a townscape perspective.” She explains how the mass has been chiselled to make it appear more slender from the south-west, mindful of the prospect from St James's Park and Waterloo Bridge – from where, as a result of her carving, it will look like only three towers stuck together rather than five. They have done their best, given the brief, but that sheer bulk is never going to disappear.
“The building has to fulfil a role of tying together the other buildings,” she adds, “while at the same time being the dominant building in the group. That's a challenging role to fill.” It is a challenge that PLP (who are also responsible for a controversial cluster planned for Bishopsgate Goods Yard, a little further east) seem incapable of meeting with sufficient grace. Stumbling into the skyline, their tower will be like the chunky relative who dominates the wedding photos, forcing the assembled guests into an unwanted group hug.
As for giving back to the city, there will be a free viewing gallery at the top – though it will be managed by Arab Investments, who, having sunk close to £500m into the project, will presumably be doing everything in their power to cream some of that back.
22 Bishopsgate will be inescapable from every angle, an urban cliff-face that will change the capital's profile forever
The marketing spiel does its best to ignore these facts and sell the interior concept instead. Lipton explains how there will be double-height communal areas throughout the building, “bringing all the benefits of a village green,” while the foyer will play host to “a changing menu of actions”, and your work life here will be “coached and curated permanently”.
He uses all the keywords: there will be lots of bike parking spaces (“because cycling is the new gym”), flexible floorspace (“for new collaborative working styles”) and it will use a “consolidated delivery plan” to minimise truck movement during construction. But there's no escaping the fact that this “truly vertical city” is an oversized brute that will bring nothing but harm to the city. And if you think this steroidal pipe dream could never get planning permission, think again.
“This site has always been earmarked for one of the tallest buildings in the cluster,” says Gwyn Richards, head of design at the City of London's planning team. “The design of 22 Bishopsgate follows our guidance for sleek simplicity, in contrast to some of the more gimmicky buildings we've had recently. We're taking a slightly more disciplined approach now: no building in the cluster should be trying to shout down its neighbour.”
For the past year – since the departure of chief planner Peter Rees, who had a thing for towers with quirky profiles and cutesy nicknames – Richards and his team have been developing a 3D digital model that visualises the invisible planning constraints in the City. From the protected viewing corridors of St Paul's to flight-path height limits, these restrictions form a kind of jelly mould inside which all buildings must fit.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest 22 Bishopsgate. Photograph: Hayes Davidson
“It looks like a raspberry blancmange,” says Richards. “And it points to the fact that we could have an even taller building on the site of 1 Undershaft [immediately east of the Cheesegrater].” Here, there are plans for what will be the tallest tower in the City, a confidential scheme currently being designed by Eric Parry, which a source close to the project describes as being “modelled on Cleopatra's Needle”. It sounds promising, and Parry is eminently capable of designing an elegant obelisk, although another insider is less kind, describing it as a steroidal version of One Canada Square in Canary Wharf, so big that it will “block out the entire solar system”.
The City is adamant that it needs as much floorspace as it can get, with office vacancy rates now as low as 5%. But the cost to London is clear. With permissions already granted for many more towers, from the Scalpel to the Can of Ham and a monstrous “Gotham City” mega-block by Make, we can say goodbye to a skyline of individual spires, between which you might occasionally glimpse the sky. With developers calling the shots, while planners egg them on, the future of the City's silhouette looks set to be a lumpy blancmange.
On Tuesday, I blogged about the explosive numbers of Syrian refugees — now two million — after several years of war but before General Obama's military strikes. Surely more chaos in the region will cause even more people to flee the danger, and become refugees. One might reasonably fear an Obama decision to admit kazillions of Muslim Syrians to this country to demonstrate his enormous benevolence to the diverse downtrodden of the world.
But the offer from Sweden for resettlement of any and all Syrian refugees is crazy-generous.
Sweden's 2012 census counted 9,555,893 residents of the nation. An influx of a million Syrian refugees (only half of the number reported) would overwhelm Swedish society with an alien, unfriendly culture.
Sweden already has trouble with violent Muslims who don't want to assimilate to Western values. In May, rowdy “youths” rioted in Stockholm for five nights. In 2010, a Muslim suicide bomber struck Stockholm, and in immigrant-thick Malmo, firemen need police protection to fight fires in Muslim neighborhoods. Importing a huge glut of Islamic unfriendlies at one time seems suicidal.
RefugeeResettlementWatch has noted US-based resettlement professionals gleefully contemplating mucho thousands of Syrians coming to this country. But hopefully the offer of Sweden — which is closer and is famous for generous welfare benefits — will prove irresistible. It would be better for all concerned if wealthy Arab states like Saudi and the Gulf states would open their doors, but that's not happening.
Among the many practical reasons given about why we should ride bikes, such as weight management, endurance training, overall health improvement, and saving money on gasoline, one of the most practical is seldom discussed. It's fun.
Having fun is one of the important things that keeps us sane in our increasingly stressful modern world. Enjoying life can be hard with all the pressures we feel day to day, so having an emotional outlet for simple pleasures can be the difference between being a well-adjusted person and a nutter.
Sadly, not all cyclists enjoy themselves while on two wheels. For them, each ride is a challenge to always go faster or further, to climb higher or pedal longer. As soon as their butt hits the seat they push themselves to their maximum physical limits. When their rides are done, they are completely drained.
That's not fun. That's boring.
Although I am adamant that I cycle hard for parts of every ride, there are also long, leisurely segments where I enjoy the countryside. I'll stop to watch a flock of birds taking off or landing, or maybe just to stare in wonder at hop or blueberry fields. I like to chat with riding partners about things other than cycling. I'm never bored on my bike.
When kids get on their bicycles and race off to an adventure, they use their bikes as merely a means to an end. Biking is simply a part of what they do to play. Playing is what matters, not the bike.
It's well known that play and health are linked. The better you are at playing, the more likely you are to be in good physical and mental condition. But playing is more than just running or riding, it includes the element of fun. There's always a light-heartedness included in the act of playing.
Too many adults take riding, as well as the rest of their lives, far too seriously. I can't. Cycling is too joyful.
Often I catch myself riding along with a big, stupid smile on my face for no reason. I've even been known to simply burst out laughing like a crazy person while on my bike. But I'm not crazy. I'm just having some fun.
© Mark Everett Hall 2011
Advertisements
Unlike most of ExacuTrack's clientele, of course, I wore my device by choice and only briefly, to find out how it felt and how people reacted to it. By contrast, a real sex offender—or any of a variety of other lawbreakers, including killers, check bouncers, thieves, and drug users—might wear the unit or one like it for years, or even decades. He (and the offender is generally a “he”) would wear it all day and all night, into the shower and under the sheets—perhaps with an AC adapter cord snaking out into a wall socket for charging. The device would enable the monitoring company to follow his every move, from home to work to the store, and, in consultation with a parole or probation officer, to keep him away from kindergartens, playgrounds, Jonas Brothers concerts, and other places where kids congregate. Should he decide to snip off the anklet (the band is rubber, and would succumb easily to pruning shears), a severed cable would alert the company that he had tampered with the unit, and absent a very good excuse he would likely be sent back to prison. Little wonder that the law-enforcement officer who installed my ExacuTrack noted that he was doing me a favor by unboxing a fresh unit: over their lifetimes, many of the trackers become encrusted with the filth and dead skin of previous bearers, some of whom are infected with prison plagues such as herpes or hepatitis. Officers clean the units and replace the straps between users, but I strongly preferred not to have anything rubbing against my ankle that had spent years rubbing against someone else's.
Increasingly, GPS devices such as the one I wore are looking like an appealing alternative to conventional incarceration, as it becomes ever clearer that, in the United States at least, traditional prison has become more or less synonymous with failed prison. By almost any metric, our practice of locking large numbers of people behind bars has proved at best ineffective and at worst a national disgrace. According to a recent Pew report, 2.3 million Americans are currently incarcerated—enough people to fill the city of Houston. Since 1983, the number of inmates has more than tripled and the total cost of corrections has jumped sixfold, from $10.4 billion to $68.7 billion. In California, the cost per inmate has kept pace with the cost of an Ivy League education, at just shy of $50,000 a year.
This might make some sense if crime rates had also tripled. But they haven't: rather, even as crime has fallen, the sentences served by criminals have grown, thanks in large part to mandatory minimums and draconian three-strikes rules—politically popular measures that have shown little deterrent effect but have left the prison system overflowing with inmates. The vogue for incarceration might also make sense if the prisons repaid society's investment by releasing reformed inmates who behaved better than before they were locked up. But that isn't the case either: half of those released are back in prison within three years. Indeed, research by the economists Jesse Shapiro of the University of Chicago and M. Keith Chen of Yale indicates that the stated purpose of incarceration, which is to place prisoners under harsh conditions on the assumption that they will be “scared straight,” is actively counterproductive. Such conditions—and U.S. prisons are astonishingly harsh, with as many as 20 percent of male inmates facing sexual assault—typically harden criminals, making them more violent and predatory. Essentially, when we lock someone up today, we are agreeing to pay a large (and growing) sum of money merely to put off dealing with him until he is released in a few years, often as a greater menace to society than when he went in.
The city of Syracuse had a record high number of homicides in 2016. That compares to a record low number of violent and overall crimes in 2015. Syracuse officials say while homicides are tougher to control, police do have the power to curb other crimes.
At 30 homicides, it is reportedly the highest number ever for Syracuse. Syracuse Police Chief Frank Fowler said there is not one specific reason for the increase, citing a variety of shooting and domestic instances.
But many other categories of crime, including robberies, burglaries, even car thefts are at some of the city's lowest levels in the last 25 years.
Syracuse Common Councilor and former Syracuse Police Chief Steven Thompson said homicides are different than all other crimes.
“While the number is large this year and disturbing, the bottom line is the police department can make a reduction in burglaries or robberies by putting forth a force in that area," Thompson said. "But it is difficult to put somebody in somebody's house who verbally gets upset or in a bar or something. You can't really stop homicides. They are one-on-one generally.”
Thompson said he is encouraged that two new classes of police officers were hired in 2016.
"We're hoping to also be able to put a couple more classes on next year where we can get to a level where more community policing can be done instead of officers just having to run from one call to another without any time for interaction with the community," Thompson said.
He also said the council should focus on finding funding to support more community policing in the new year.
Sigh....No, tax cuts won't boost growth
May 2, 2017
I guess we need to go over this again. No, cuts to corporate tax rates and/or the reforms/cuts proposed on individual income taxes will not boost economic growth in any appreciable way. Not to 4%, nor 4.5%, nor 5%. There is no evidence supporting this claim. And even theoretically, there is no reason to believe that these tax reforms/cuts can boost growth to those rates.
Prima Facie Evidence
Start with a simple smell test. The figure below plots two series: the backward-looking 5-year average growth rate of real GDP and the forward-looking 5-year growth rate of real GDP. For example, in 1981, the backward looking series is the average growth rate of real GDP from 1976-1981, and the forward looking series is the average growth rate of real GDP from 1981-1986. For any given year on the graph, we can compare the growth rate people had experienced in the recent past (backward looking) to what they would experience in the near future (forward looking).
Also on the figure are red lines indicating when significant tax legislation was passed, and whether it was considered a tax cut, or a tax increase. 1981 and 1986 are the “Reagan tax cuts”, 1990 is the Bush tax increase, 1993 is the Clinton budget agreement that raised top tax rates, 2001 and 2003 are the younger Bush tax cuts, and included the 2012 “fiscal cliff” agreement under Obama that raised taxes on those earning over 400,000 per year.
What you can look at is whether the forward-looking growth rate differed appreciably from the backward-looking one. If the argument about tax cuts stimulating growth is correct, then you'd expect to see that the forward-looking rate exceeds the backward-looking rate. In 1981, this looks true. Growth from 1981-1986 was about 3.5% per year, versus 2.8\% per year in 1976-1981. But examining the other tax cuts, you'll see the opposite is true. In 1986, growth was slower after the tax cut than before. In 2001 and 2003, growth is lower after the tax cut than before. For the 2003 cut, the difference is very striking because of the onset of the financial crisis.
In contrast, look at the three tax increases. For Bush (the elder) in 1990, there was essentially no difference in the forward and backward growth rate. For the 1993 increase, growth was much higher after the tax increase than before, and for the 2012 increase we'd need to get data through the end of 2017 to make the same comparison. But for what it is worth, growth in the four years from 2012-2016 has been a shade over 2%, meaning it is much higher than the five years prior to the tax increase.
You cannot take this as any kind of definitive proof of anything, of course. Tax cuts may boost growth, but each time we passed a tax cut it just so happens that some other big negative shock hit the economy at the same time, masking those positive effects. That's … possible. The more likely answer is just that substantial tax cuts have small effects on economic growth. On the other side, the last time we averaged 4% growth over a 5-year period was the late 1990's, right after the tax increase of 1993.
Aside from the smell test, this isn't a new question, and people have picked around at the relationship of tax rates and growth rates before. I reviewed a few studies in an early post here on the blog. Short answer, there is no relationship of the tax rate to the growth.
Taking this same question on from a narrower pespective, Menzie Chinn has a recurring series of posts tracking Kansas' economic growth and employment since Brownback became governor and signed off on a massive tax cut. The short version of these posts is that employment and growth in Kansas has stagnated and/or outright fell since the cut. There are several similarities between the Kansas cut and the one proposed by the current administration. Most notably, lowering the tax rate on “pass-through” income from partnerships and proprietorships.
The lower tax rate on pass-through income was supposed to generate a burst of growth in Kansas. The TL;DR version of Menzie's posts is that it hasn't happened, which you can probably tell from the post titles.
Why don't tax cuts boost growth by much?
Ok, the evidence doesn't support the idea that tax cuts boost growth, but at least theoretically it's true, right? Kinda sorta. Smarter people than I have tried to estimate how sensitive people's work efforts are to income tax rates, and they find very, very small effects. The main effect of changes in tax rates and/or reforms is that people with the means to do so shift the legal definition of their income (e.g. from personal income to profits at a proprietorship). The effect on hours worked is very small, and that is the margin we'd care about if we want to study economic growth. From the corporate side, there isn't any evidence that the 2003 dividend tax cut had any effect on corporate investment, or on labor earnings. Rather, the dividend tax cut generated a substantial amount of payouts to existing shareholders.
But let's say that these guys are all wrong, and this tax reform/cut proposed by the current administration is * different. For realsies, it is going to incent lots of firms to invest more, employ more people, and stimulate the economy. *That is going to boost growth to 4%, or maybe more, right?
Wrong. The issue is that the effects of any tax cut are going to take time to manifest themselves. In particular, corporate tax cuts that have the stated purpose of raising investment will need years or decades to manifest themselves in higher GDP, assuming that the savings are actually used for investment spending.
I've been over this before on this blog, and now that I have my handy Topics pages, you can go see all the gory details here. The short story is that tax cuts/reforms change potential GDP (possibly), and it takes a long time for us to converge from today's GDP to that potential GDP. The analogy is to think of GDP like your weight. If you cut “taxes” on your weight by exercising less, then you will gain weight. But not all at once. It will take months or years to reach your new potential, heavier, weight. The same thing happens with GDP.
Even if you think the effects of these tax cuts on potential GDP are massive, which is unlikely, you can't generate significant changes in growth rates. There are several posts on the Topics page that do this, but let me repeat the basic calculation. Real GDP in the US is just about 17 trillion (2009 chained) dollars as of Q1 2017. A generous estimate of the current growth rate of real GDP would be about 2.5% per year, without the tax cuts. Now, let's say the proposed corporate and individual tax cuts/reforms raised potential GDP to something like 18 trillion dollars. In other words, what if there was 1 trillion in extra economic activity that was not taking place because a bunch of people have John Galt-ed themselves out of investing or working due to the current tax system?
How much faster would growth in real GDP be after the proposed tax cuts/reforms? To figure this out we need one extra piece of information, the convergence rate. This rate is the percent of the gap between current GDP and potential GDP that closes every year, and it is commonly estimated to be about 2%. In the weight example, if your current weight was 150 pounds, and your potential weight is 300 pounds thanks to your cut in exercise, then this 2% convergence rate says that in the first year, you will gain .02(300-150) = 3 pounds. And next year, you'll gain .02(300-153) = 2.94 pounds. And so on.
We can do the same calculation for GDP, and figure out the growth rate of GDP implied by this convergence. Current GDP is 17 trillion, and potential GDP is 18 trillion, so the economy should add an extra .02(18-17) = .02 trillion, or about 20 billion in economic activity. Now, remember, GDP was going to grow at 2.5% anyway without the tax cut. So GDP next year was going to be 1.02517 = 17.425 trillion. Add the extra 20 billion on top of that, to get 17.445 trillion in economic activity next year. So overall growth in GDP would be 17.445/17 - 1 = .0262, or 2.62%.
That's …. not 4%. Or really anywhere close. It is hard to move the growth rate of GDP, in the same way that it is hard to change the heading of an oil tanker. But maybe I'm just being pessimistic. So let's play around with some numbers. What if the convergence rate is 4% per year? Then growth would be 2.73% next year. What if the convergence rate is 10%? 3.09% growth. Which is still not 4% per year, and there is no evidence that the convergence rate is 10%.
Perhaps you're worried I'm underselling the effects of the tax cut itself. So let's say that the proposed reforms raise the potential GDP of the US to 19 trillion - which is ridiculous by the way - but whatever. With a 2% convergence rate, that would lead to a growth rate of … 2.73%. How about potential GDP of 20 trillion, meaning that tax rates alone are keeping GDP three trillion under where it could. Then growth might hit … 2.85%.
The fundamental issue here is that it takes time for all that pent-up investment (if it exists) to manifest itself. Firms cannot expand production overnight. It takes time to generate the plans for a new location, or plant, or product. And this all assumes, contrary to the available evidence, that there are substantial effects of tax cuts or reforms on the willingness of firms to invest and/or people to work.
There is no magic elixir of tax rules that will generate 4% growth. You don't need to see anything more than the one-page outline put out by the current administration to get to this conclusion. Filling in the details will not change the fact that their plan, if passed, will have no appreciable effect on economic growth in the next few years.
Back to blog
Software vendor Adobe says it is investigating claims that instructions for exploiting a previously unknown critical security hole in the latest versions of its widely-used PDF Reader software are being sold in the cybercriminal underground.
The finding comes from malware analysts at Moscow-based forensics firm Group-IB, who say they've discovered that a new exploit capable of compromising the security of computers running Adobe X and XI (Adobe Reader 10 and 11) is being sold in the underground for up to $50,000. This is significant because — beginning with Reader X— Adobe introduced a “sandbox” feature aimed at blocking the exploitation of previously unidentified security holes in its software, and so far that protection has held its ground.
But according to Andrey Komarov, Group-IB's head of international projects, this vulnerability allows attackers to sidestep Reader's sandbox protection. Komarov said the finding is significant because “in the past there was no documented method of how to bypass” Adobe Reader X's sandbox to run code of the attacker's choice on the target's computer. The Russian firm produced the following video which they say demonstrates a sanitized version of the attack.
The exploit does have some limitations, Komarov said. For example, it can't be fully executed until the user closes his Web browser (or Reader). And so far, they have only seen the attack work against Microsoft Windows installations of Adobe Reader.
Adobe spokeswoman Wiebke Lips said the company was not contacted by Group-IB, and is unable to verify their claims, given the limited amount of information currently available.
“Adobe will reach out to Group-IB,” Lips said. “But without additional details, there is nothing we can do, unfortunately— beyond continuing to monitor the threat landscape and working with our partners in the security community, as always.”
Group-IB says the vulnerability is included in a new, custom version of the Blackhole Exploit Kit, a malicious software framework sold in the underground that is designed to be stitched into hacked Web sites and deploy malware via exploits such as this one.
For now, the research firm said, the Adobe Reader exploit is being distributed only in “small circles of the underground.” Contacted via instant message, the author of the Black Hole exploit kit said today that he also had confirmed the existence of a private Adobe Reader exploit that was being sold in closed circles. He noted that although his kit currently does not include the exploit, he is hoping to acquire it and add it soon.
If that happens, it may not be long before this becomes a much bigger problem; Blackhole is by far the most prevalent exploit kit in use today. At any rate, consumers should realize that there are several PDF reader option apart from Adobe's, including Foxit, PDF-Xchange Viewer, Nitro PDF and Sumatra PDF.
Tags: Adobe Reader X, Adobe Reader XI, Adobe sandbox, Andrey Komarov, BlackHole Exploit Kit, Group-IB, Wiebke Lips
The challenge women have long faced in balancing work and family is receiving renewed public attention, with Hillary Clinton highlighting the issue when she talked about her experiences as a young lawyer and mother at a recent appearance in Silicon Valley.
Women continue to bear a heavier burden when it comes to balancing work and family, despite progress in recent decades to bring about gender equality in the workplace. A 2013 Pew Research Center survey found that, among parents with at least some work experience, mothers with children under age 18 were about three times as likely as fathers to say that being a working parent made it harder for them to advance in their job or career (51% vs. 16%).
Analysis of government economic data suggests that most young female workers start their careers at near parity with men in wages. However, the analysis found, women struggle to keep pace with men on this measure as they begin to juggle work and family life.
Younger working mothers are among the most likely to say that being a working parent makes it harder for them to get ahead in their career, according to our 2013 survey. Among working Millennial mothers (ages 18 to 32 in 2013), 58% say that being a working mother makes it harder for them to get ahead at work. Among Millennial fathers who are working, only 19% say that being a working father makes it harder for them to advance at work.
One reason mothers are more likely than fathers to say it's harder to get ahead in the workplace may be that women are much more likely than men to experience a variety of family-related career interruptions. About four-in-ten working mothers (42%) say that at some point in their working life, they had reduced their hours in order to care for a child or other family member, while just 28% of working fathers say they had done the same; almost as many working mothers (39%) say they had taken a significant amount of time off from work for one of these reasons, compared with about a quarter (24%) of working fathers. And mothers are more likely than fathers to say they quit their job at some point for family reasons, by 27% to 10%.
Among men and women who say that they reduced their work hours to care for a child or family member, women are twice as likely as men to say this hurt their career overall, by 35% to 17%. Similarly, about one-third of women (32%) who took a significant amount of time off from work for family-related reasons say doing this hurt their career, compared with 18% of men.
Mothers don't regret taking these steps, however. More than 90% of working moms who have either reduced their hours or taken a significant amount of time off from work say they are glad they did so.
Topics: Gender, Work and Employment
D.J. Demers is one of the fastest rising stars in comedy, performing across the United States, Canada and on your TV with appearances on Conan, Just for Laughs, CBC, and The D.J. Demers Show on AMI-tv.
On June 22, 2016, D.J. will be filming a live, one-hour comedy special at the renowned Theatre Passe Muraille in Toronto.
Be a part of this special evening so that you can watch the special in the future and actually hear yourself laughing. "Hey, that's me!" you'll exclaim. "Oh God, is that what my laugh sounds like? Ugh, am I that wheezy? Oh well, it was a terrific night. He was a funny man."
DATE
June 22, 2016
TWO SHOWS
7:15PM + 9:30PM
LOCATION
Theatre Passe Muraille
16 Ryerson Ave, Toronto
(PS your laugh is great! You shouldn't be so hard on yourself.)
Even before the international Paris Agreement was completed last December, we had some encouraging news about greenhouse gas emissions. Despite an increase in global GDP, emissions were basically unchanged from 2014 to 2015. Previously, only recessions interrupted the relentless year-over-year rise of emissions. Now, an early projection for 2016 looks just about as good.
Keeping the books on global emissions and the rising concentration of atmospheric CO 2 is an incredibly complex undertaking—it's not as easy as checking your electric utility statement. The overall carbon budget for our atmosphere involves all the carbon exchanged with land ecosystems and the oceans, and there are lots of human emissions beyond energy. In the end, you can figure out how many human activities released and how much ended up in the atmosphere.
In a new paper, a huge team of researchers led by the University of East Anglia's Corinne Le Quéré has published the latest update to the state of Earth's carbon budget. This effort involves many sources of information, including tracking fossil fuel use for power, industry, and in homes, as well as items like the production of cement (which releases CO 2 directly) and global trade. On top of that, there are data and models used to monitor the world's ecosystems.
Updating with the best information for 2015, they revise emissions very slightly upward from down 0.06 percent (compared to the year before) to up 0.6 percent. The difference is much smaller than the error bars on these estimates, so the upshot is still that there was essentially no change. That's significant, given that annual emissions rose rapidly through the early 2000s.
Their estimate for 2016 evaluates Chinese emissions through September compared to the same chunk of 2015, takes advantage of the International Energy Agency's statistics for the US, and estimates the rest of the world based on the relationship between GDP and emissions. Accounting for the fact that 2016 was a leap year with an extra day, they estimate that China's emissions will drop by about 0.5 percent (largely due to coal use declining nearly two percent), and that US emissions will drop by a little more than 1.5 percent. Emissions from the rest of the world look to increase by about 1 percent, leaving a grand increase of only about 0.2 percent. So once again, global emissions basically look stable, which is good news.
That doesn't mean atmospheric CO 2 isn't increasing, though. Global emissions will have to drop to around zero before CO 2 stops accumulating in the atmosphere, and we're still hanging around 9.9 billion tons of carbon emitted every year. There is also some natural variability from year to year due to things like El Niño, which affects the rest of the carbon budget. As in other El Niño years, CO 2 jumped up a little extra in 2016—increasing by about 3 parts per million to a little over 400 parts per million—because terrestrial ecosystems soaked up a little less carbon than average.
Totaling up all estimated emissions since 1870, then, we're at about 565 billion tons of carbon. The 2013 IPCC report put the total amount of carbon we can emit before warming the globe by 2°C at 800 billion tons, so emissions will have to drop off rapidly if we're going to slip under that bar.
Open Access at Earth System Science Data, 2016. DOI: 10.5194/essd-8-1-2016 (About DOIs).
What the developers have to say:
Why Early Access?
Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?
How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
Create, move, change color and name for nodes.
Import lists of names from .TXT files.
Import images as .JPG, .PNG or .BMP files.
Save your progress*.
Load your last saved progress*.
Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?
“We're just at the start of using our innate abilities to think and move in three dimensions to do things in a less limited way that we could with digital 2d surfaces.Things like organizing your ideas and how they connect together...This application is a starting point for a set of tools and integrations around the task of ideation or creative interaction with information.”“Until the experience is comprehensive to the point of being a stand-alone productive application, for whatever purpose that turns out to be ;)”“More import and export options.Tools for working with groups of nodes”“There's a basic set of tools and integrations, more are being worked on.Currently you can:A primitive (megalithic) environment is in place but the setting will most definitely evolve along with the rest of the experience.”“We plan to gradually raise the price as we ship new content and features.”“Help us in discovering new things to add or *change.*Change being what it is some things may break along the way.While you can save and reload your maps in the current version, future versions may work differently and Maps done now may not work in future versions.”
The race for late MLA Roger Parent's vacant seat in the Saskatoon Meewasin constituency is picking up speed.
A recent poll indicates local physician Ryan Meili, who is running for the NDP nomination, has a lead over Saskatchewan Party hopefuls Roxanne Kaminski and Marv Friesen.
The Mainstreet/Postmedia Poll, which has a margin of error of 3.9 per cent 19 times out of 20, surveyed a random sample of 603 Saskatoon Meewasin electors between Jan. 20 and Jan. 21.
Poll results show it is a two-point race between the Saskatchewan Party and the Saskatchewan NDP, as 35 per cent of respondents said they would vote for the Sask. Party and Brad Wall if the byelection were to be held tomorrow, compared to 37 per cent who said they would vote for Trent Wotherspoon and the Saskatchewan NDP.
The Saskatchewan Liberals and the Green Party of Saskatchewan are in a virtual tie, with three per cent of respondents putting their support behind each party in the constituency. Twenty-two per cent of respondents is undecided.
Parent's seat opened up after the longtime Saskatchewan Party MLA died following a cancer diagnosis in November. Meili, who has lost two leadership bids for the Saskatchewan NDP, announced he was seeking the candidacy in December 2016.
David Valentin, executive vice-president of Mainstreet Research, said while there is a “relatively tight race” between the two main parties, there is volatility when residents were polled on candidates.
“When we start asking about local candidates and making the race a little more real, we are seeing more support for Mr. Meili regardless of who the Saskatchewan Party decides to run,” he said Sunday.
Friesen, who owns Marv's Place Auto Repair Ltd., ran unsuccessfully for the Sask. Party in the constituency of Saskatoon Riversdale. He received support from 34 per cent of respondents among all voters, while Meili received 42 per cent. Sixteen per cent of respondents said they were undecided, and three per cent put their support behind the Liberals or Greens.
Kaminski, who ran for councillor in Ward 9 during Saskatoon's recent municipal election, but lost, works as a commercial manager for an engineering and construction management firm. She received support from 36 per cent of respondents among all voters, compared to 41 per cent who support Meili.
Seventeen per cent said they were undecided, and in this race, three per cent of respondents puts their support behind the Greens and five per cent behind the Liberals.
Valentin explained the fact the percentage of undecided voters drops when people are asked about specific candidates indicates voters are paying attention. He noted in a statement it's too early to determine how potential Sask. Party candidates would perform on the campaign trail and what effect that would have on the numbers.
“For a campaign that hasn't yet started, it looks like it is going to be quite a tight race,” he said.
The opposition NDP is holding a nomination convention for the riding on Monday and a Sask. Party nomination race is set for Jan. 30.
mmodjeski@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/MorganM_SP
A very good writeup, futurebird. If I may, I would like to write a counterpoint. (This is not an attack on you; please realise, I do not wish to do that. I would like, however, to help paint a more complete picture.)
Rape is bad, but it is not the worst crime: it is not murder.
There are some who would argue that point. To my mind, this is related to the issue of euthanasia: is it a kinder, more humane thing to end a life, or to allow (or, in the context of this argument, cause) a great deal of pain and allow life to continue? The degree of a crime is a function of cause, effect, society, the values of the person judging, and too many other things; 'the worst crime' is far too subjective a term to be pinned down. To my mind, "rape is not as bad as murder" is akin to "apples taste better than oranges". Many people will unhesitatingly agree with this statement, but if presented with a rotten apple and a fresh orange, will choose the orange. I believe it is possible for a particular rape to be a crime worse than a particular murder, and I believe it is possible for a particular murder to be worse than a particular rape.
Re your story about your male friend; I am glad you talked to him, and I am glad he changed his mind. However, this is a non sequitur: it does not support your thesis, "Fear of sex is the power of rape". He chose to turn away from the powerful urge to rape, and it had nothing do to with fear.
This is how I know that attempting to stamp out all evidence that some people have such urges only makes the problem more ugly.
The conclusion you come to is true, but the path you take is (IMO) not justifiable. His other 'friend' was angry at him. She had a right to be. But she was not necessarily trying to stamp out all evidence of his urges. He talked to her about his plan to rape. He made her, in a sense, an accomplice. It seems clear that to hear things spoken to him compassionately and plainly (which is what you did) made it easier for him to defuse his anger. I feel it is likely that he knew this on some level, and wanted it, which is why he started talking about it to his friends in the first place. But when he tried to make her responsible for saying things plainly, in order to help prevent a violent crime from happening, he was trying to manipulate her into being responsible for actually preventing a crime - or, indirectly, allowing (or causing) a crime if she didn't say what he wanted to hear. Quite likely, neither party fully understood all the dynamics of the situation. Also quite likely, I'm only skirting the periphery of those dynamics myself - but I believe what I describe is a plausible angle on the situation. "He said that the fact that I listened gave him the chance to really think about what he was saying". He gives you more credit than you deserve, I'm afraid - and in doing so, he continues to avoid taking responsibility. You did not give him a chance; he had always had that chance. You were mature and secure enough to know that the (potential) crime was not your responsibility, but being a good friend was. His other 'friend' may not have realised all this. She was entitled to believe the responsibility was his, and should be his, and that she did not have to give him the option to not rape because it was his option to take, then and always - and she was entitled to believe all of this, because it is all true. Perhaps she did not understand what he wanted (or was not confident enough that she could give it), and did not want to take that responsibility from him. She did not want to be an accomplice to his rape. Who can blame her? 'Stamping out all evidence' does not apply to this story.
I am perplexed by the emphasis some feminists place on rape as a "crime against women" this only continues to reaffirm the notion that women are primarily valuable as sexual chattel rather than as people?
I hope I can unperplex you. The idea that the only effect a rape has on a woman is to reduce her value as 'sexual chattel' comes from the idea that the only sexual value of a woman is the external value, i.e. how others judge and evaluate a woman's sexuality or sexiness. Most feminists (that I know, at least) do not subscribe to that idea. Women (and men) value their own sexuality for themselves, and for their own reasons. That a rape may damage the external sexual valuations placed on a woman by others is not so deep, not so violent, as the damage done to her internal sexual values as she applies them to herself. The focus is not on the value of a person as sexual chattel, the focus is on the damage done to a person's self-worth, identity, … faith in the goodness of humanity. For example, rape often leads to very serious depression - that is the kind of thing that makes it a crime. Rape is a "crime against the victim (be it woman or man)" because it is more an attack against the victim as a person, than it is an attack against a pretty label pasted on that person by society.
The gripe I have against calling rape a 'crime against women' is that it ignores, even belittles, the fact that rape is a crime against men too.
I have exposed these views on rape since I was 16 or so. (Often getting in arguments with my peers.) Depending on my line of argument I've been threatened and on more than one occasion someone has said "I hope someone rapes you, then you'll learn to be more sensitive!!"
No friend would say that. But then I notice, you used the word peers.
The way you word your argument, though, does allow for an interpretation which makes you seem very insensitive (I'm not saying you are insensitive - I'm just saying the way you put your argument allows for that interpretation). To criticise calling rape a "crime" (against women or not) is to allow rape to not be called a crime at all. To allow for this, is to disregard all the suffering endured by those people who have had bad after-effects, to claim they are unimportant. I see that you have never stated that rape should not be a crime, and I appreciate the fact, but to criticise calling rape a crime does point in that direction. Leaving that door open may explain some of the hostile reactions you have received.
Well, oddly enough that wish came true, last year...
I am sorry to hear that.
But I have not changed my views. I asked the detective to treat the case as "poisoning and assault" (they put something in my drink, then picked me up in the parking lot.)
You have strong convictions. You are entitled to choose whichever valid charges you can bring against the perpetrators of any crime against you. I am sure your particular choice confuses, and perhaps maybe even alarms, some people - but that's a topic for another node.
I told the police that I don't believe in "sex crimes" only in assault and was very proud of myself for standing up for the things I believe in.
Well, I won't stand up for the same things as you. I consider sex crimes to be a subset of assault, and just because "theft" is a crime doesn't mean that the term "pickpocketing" doesn't have any meaning. But it is good and right that you should feel proud for doing so for yourself.
I'm not a ruined woman. And won't let anyone mourn me as if I were.
Brava.
Your experience, and the amount of time and care you have put into forming such difficult thoughts, makes you (IMHO) an expert on the subject. (I hope I do not devalue that statement in your eyes when I say I consider myself somewhat of an expert, too :).) But it should be pointed out that your attitudes on rape are not applicable to everyone. They apply to you. It's good to know what applies to you and what doesn't, no matter what side of any particular argument you may fall on. It's good to be able to express all of this too, so that anyone who cares to listen will be able to make a more informed decision for themselves. I thank you for this contribution to E2.
Small businesses are called the engine that drives the American economy—they provide more than half of the nation's workforce. Billions of your tax dollars are set aside to help small businesses survive. But the NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit discovered hundreds of millions of dollars set aside for small businesses, instead go to huge corporations. Dozens of those companies are here in Silicon Valley.
Nationally, $422 billion worth of federal contracts in 2011 were meant to give small business a shot at servicing one of the largest clients in the world—the federal government. The government's goal is to give at least 23 percent of all federal contracts to small businesses. Instead, year after year, the NBC Bay Area investigation found the government falling short of that goal.
Mining the General Services Administration's Federal Procurement Data System—a government database that lists all federal contracts—the investigation revealed at least 24 companies since 2009 either based or with major offices in the Bay Area received at least 299 contracts labeled “small business” totaling $77 million.
Some examples include: a $4.8 million Department of Energy contract awarded to Technology and Management Services, Inc., a Maryland-based business whose parent corporation is IBM; a $1.1 million Internal Revenue Service contract given to Virginia-based Softlaw Corporation North America, whose parent company is Oracle; and a $549,972 Forest Service contract given to directly to Microsoft Corporation.
Under the Small Business Administration's size standards, none of those companies qualify as a small business.
“It's been happening for a decade,” said Lloyd Chapman, president of the Petaluma-based American Small Business League.
Chapman founded the ASBL in 2003 in part because he says far too often, large government contracts go to big businesses rather than small ones.
“It's not random occurrences when every day for a decade, millions of dollars a day in federal contracts that should by law be going to small businesses, are not only ending up in the hands of the largest corporations in America, but also Europe and Asia,” he said.
Donato Polignone, owner of Emeryville-based NuGenTec, a specialty chemical solution manufacturer, has struggled to land federal contracts. After founding the company in 1997, Polignone now employs 42 workers and earns just under $15 million a year. According to the Small Business Administration, his company meets the definition of a small business.
“It can be far, far easier to sell even into a General Motors than it is to the federal government,” he said. “Most of the small business owners that I know won't even bother selling to the federal government.”
After years of trying and failing, NuGenTec finally landed several million dollar contracts with the U.S. government. But to Polignone and his business partner Fred Pourmirzaie, who heads up a division of NuGenTec called FloDynamix, navigating the federal bureaucracy was like running a gauntlet.
“It is frustrating,” Pourmirzaie said. “Again, we feel that they are under sourced and understaffed and they don't have resources to allocate to quality small businesses like us.”
Raul Espinosa, another staunch advocate of transparency in the procurement process, believes the public must speak up about the issue of small business contracts landing in the halls of big corporations. He started the Fairness in Procurement Alliance in Jacksonville, Fla. in 2005 to get the government's attention, and to ensure that qualified small and disadvantaged businesses receive the proper number of federal contracts.
“Government and elected officials are not allowing small businesses to take a fair share of the contracts that they themselves promise for them to have opportunities,” he said. “Not that they're giveaways. They're opportunities that they can use to overcome their economic position.”
The Small Business Administration admits that this is a problem. In July, the SBA reported it fell short of its goal of giving 23 percent of all federal contracts to small businesses. According to government data, the 2011 achievement rate was 21.65 percent, which translates into $91.5 billion. That means the small businesses did not receive $3.8 billion meant for them.
As far back as 2005, the SBA has acknowledged that small business contracts go to companies that are “other than small.” Report 5-15 by the Government Accountability Office's Office of Inspector General states: “One of the most important challenges facing the Small Business Administration and the entire federal government today is that large businesses are receiving small business procurement awards and agencies are receiving credit for these awards.”
The SBA said the reasons for these mistakes, which they call anomalies, range from data entry and coding errors, acquisitions of small companies by big companies which are then grandfathered in, growth of a company over the life or a contract and human error.
Chapman's organization, the ASBL, found that nationally in 2011, of the 100 top companies to receive $421 billion dollars in federal small business contracts, 72 were actually large companies.
“So in reality, I would say small businesses are getting about a tenth of what they are supposed to get,” Chapman said. “And that's just appalling considering the state of our national economy and the California economy.”
The NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit has found no evidence that any of the companies are intentionally breaking the rules. Reporters also contacted the companies mentioned in this report, and most refused to comment. IBM, however, said it does everything it can to make sure the parent company and its subsidiaries do not receive federal contracts set aside for small businesses.
The SBA Inspector General recently came out with a report that implies some companies are able to exploit the system. The report also mentions reform in only four areas. Seventeen other areas either showed little or no progress.
In a statement emailed to NBC Bay Area, John Shoraka, Associate Administrator for Government Contracting and Business Development wrote, in part: “SBA has no tolerance for fraud, waste and abuse and takes corrective steps when actionable information comes to light. Over the past three years, the SBA has initiated more government-wide suspension and debarment actions than in the previous 10 years.”
Shoraka also said that the SBA's 68 local offices conduct matchmaking events to make sure small businesses get direct access to federal buyers, and that the agency created a virtual tool called GC Classroom to train small businesses on how to win government contracts.
If you have another story you think we should investigate, email theunit@nbcbayarea.com or call 888-996-8477.
Image loading...
ATTRIBUTIONS:
The first half of Traudl Junge's quote is from a 2002 interview with her, of which the relevant clip appears in the movie Downfall (2004). The second half of the quote is from her recollection of the same event that appears in her book Until the Final Hour: Hitler's Last Secretary (2004). The quote drawn on her clothing is also from this book. The quote drawn on Sophie Scholl is from her own writings, as recorded in the book Sophie Scholl and the White Rose (Newborn/Dumbach, 2007).
The line "there is a line that separates the reasonably just from the mere functionary" originates from the J. Glenn Gray interview in episode 26 of the documentary series The World At War (BBC, 1973), in which he says of the war "I think it has taught me, all the rest of my life, that there is a line which a man dare not cross, a line which separates the reasonably just and human from the mere functionary."
Overview Drake's explosiveness as an all-purpose weapon is somewhat tempered by his injury history. He suffered a broken leg against Ole Miss in 2014, and then fractured his right arm trying to make a tackle on special teams this fall. Drake did return a couple of weeks after that injury, however, and flashed his slashing style (averaged six yards a carry for his career). He also provides good hands out of the backfield (12.5 yards per reception). He showed in the national championship game he can be a threat as a kickoff returner, taking one back 95 yards for a crucial score. A healthy Drake could be a great find in the mid-to-late rounds.
Analysis Strengths Can be exhausting watching him because feet never stop moving -- ever. Able to elude defenders. Features second gear to burst through line and can string together moves in open field. Will press line of scrimmage effectively to set up his blocks. Legs keep churning through contact. Willing to aggressively finish runs. Will gain more yards post-contact than expected. Very quick feet with the lateral agility to escape from heavy traffic and bounce it outside. Used at times as slot receiver and has ability to be effective pass-catcher in pros. Was kick returner, blocked a punt and made several tackles while playing special teams at Alabama. Weaknesses Can be almost too frenetic. Mind seems to be racing with ball in his hands and he will show a lack of patience at times. Responds to what is in front of him rather than anticipating what is coming. Inconsistent hands with five drops to 44 catches during his career. Can get too dancey when asked to play downhill. Tendency to cut runs toward sideline rather than back into middle of the field. Change-of-pace runner without a go-­to value. Suffered broken leg in 2014 and broken arm in 2015. Draft Projection Round 3 Sources Tell Us "He's a player who you have to have a plan for because he's not an every­-down back and he's too lean to be in around the goal line. I see him as a third down back with special teams qualities and those guys get drafted in the fifth or later." --­ NFC West scout NFL Comparison Charles Sims Bottom Line Drake became the forgotten running back with Derrick Henry's Heisman-winning season, but he has good size, quick feet and can catch the football. Drake's draft stock could depend on whether or not teams envision him as a quality backup who could become part of a committee approach. Drake's physical traits and special-teams ability could make him a good value selection early in the third day (Rounds 4-7). Related Links -Lance Zierlein
A plan driven by property owners to transform a sleepy stretch of 4th Street in downtown St. Paul into a lively pedestrian- and bicycle-friendly district appears to be gaining favor among city and county officials.
On Tuesday, proponents of the proposal — dubbed "4th Street Market District" — told Ramsey County commissioners that a feasibility study, funded by $40,000 from St. Paul and the Riverfront Development Corporation, will be completed by mid-November. Once the study is complete, elements of the project could find their way into city capital improvement plans, said Rich Pakonen, developer of the Pioneer Endicott Building at 4th and Robert streets. Now is the time to gather more allies, he said.
"We are seeking a partnership with the city and other people with a place at the table," Pakonen said after a presentation to the County Board, acting as the Regional Rail Authority. "You guys are invested in this street, just like we are."
The Green Line light rail train runs down parts of 4th Street, with its last station in front of Union Depot, which the county spent $243 million to renovate.
Introduced by building and business owners in March, the project seeks to develop new ground-floor retail, bike facilities, public art, lighting, landscaping and activities all along 4th Street, from near CHS Field and the Farmers Market in Lowertown to Rice Park near the Xcel Energy Center. Building and business owners raised $10,000 for the "vision report" unveiled in March.
The project would consist of three segments: murals to add visual appeal and "active spaces" at the western end, sculptures and bicycle parking in the middle section, and redevelopment of the former Station 4 rock club building, plus better pedestrian access and a Farmers market expansion onto the Union Depot lawn on the eastern end.
All along the route, pedestrian and bicycle traffic would be promoted and encouraged. Vehicle traffic would be limited in some areas, such as the eastern end of 4th where light rail has reduced street traffic to a single lane.
"So the question is now what?" said Joe Spartz, president of the Greater St. Paul Building Owners and Managers Association, who joined Pakonen and Stephanie Weir of St. Paul Smart Trips in presenting to the County Board. "How do we keep this momentum going forward?"
Pakonen praised city ­public works staff for their willingness to help the group give shape and form to the idea. The praise is mutual. Kathy Lantry, St. Paul's public works director, said the group's energy and enthusiasm has already won many allies for the ­Market District.
"How they talk about this project is just contagious," she said. "Rich [Pakonen] has just been a wonderful partner in downtown St. Paul. It's really hard not to support this."
Lantry acknowledged that it is unusual for a project to originate from the private sector rather than from the city. But she has no qualms about the project becoming part of the public works project discussion. Still to come will be engineering plans, cost estimates and funding requests. But Lantry said the city is excited that an active group of business owners are driving the discussion.
"We have to be more accessible to businesses who have a vision," she said. "Our job is to put some reality to it. How do emergency vehicles get through? How do we put everything in place to make this work?"
There will be more meetings between city and county staff and property owners, Pakonen said. Ramsey County Commissioner Rafael Ortega, chairman of the Regional Rail Authority, echoed his peers' enthusiasm for the project Tuesday and offered to meet with the group to hash out what the county's role might be.
"We're not trying to create a cookie cutter vision of what 4th Street could be, but realize there's a unique nature to 4th Street," Spartz said. "It can be a magnet for people — and a magnet for investors."
Genetically Modified Salmon Is Safe To Eat, FDA Says
Enlarge this image toggle caption MCT /Landov MCT /Landov
A kind of salmon that's been genetically modified so that it grows faster may be on the way to a supermarket near you. The Food and Drug Administration approved the fish on Thursday — a decision that environmental and food-safety groups are vowing to fight.
This new kind of fast-growing salmon was actually created 25 years ago by Massachusetts-based AquaBounty Technologies. A new gene was inserted into fertilized salmon eggs — it boosted production of a fish growth hormone. The result: a fish that grows twice as fast as its conventional, farm-raised counterpart.
AquaBounty has been trying to get government approval to sell its fish ever since. Five years ago, the FDA's scientific advisers concluded that the genetically modified fish, known as AquaAdvantage salmon, is safe to eat and won't harm the environment.
Alison Van Eenennaam, a biotechnology specialist at the University of California, Davis, who was part of that scientific evaluation, says it wasn't a hard decision. "Basically, nothing in the data suggested that these fish were in any way unsafe or different to the farm-raised salmon," she says.
The FDA now is giving the salmon a green light. In a statement, the agency said that the data indicated "that food from the GE salmon is safe to eat by humans and animals" and "that the genetic engineering is safe for the fish." It's the first genetically modified animal approved for human consumption.
The FDA also says there's no reason why the fish needs to be labeled as different from any other salmon in the supermarket. Consumers Union, the policy and advocacy arm of Consumer Reports, decried that decision. "We are deeply disappointed with the FDA's decision to approve the AquaAdvantage salmon," Michael Hansen, senior scientist with Consumers Union, said in a statement. "And it's even more concerning that the FDA chose not to require any form of labeling, making it extremely difficult for consumers to know if the salmon is GE or not."
The FDA is requiring AquaBounty to take precautions to make sure the fish don't get into the ocean, where they might compete with — or interbreed with — wild salmon. Critics of FDA approval for the salmon have repeatedly raised such concerns. AquaBounty says that the likelihood of its fish escaping is "virtually impossible," as Dave Conley, the company's director of corporate communications, told us this summer.
AquaBounty will only be allowed to raise the modified fish in tanks, on land, at just two sites — one in Canada and one in Panama. And the company says its fish will be sterile, so if they escape, they will fail to reproduce.
But those precautions aren't enough for the fish's opponents. "This frankenfish, this GMO salmon, should not be approved, and shouldn't have been approved," says Dana Perls, a campaigner with the environmental group Friends of the Earth.
Perls and other critics of this decision say that in the future, GMO fish farms may get bigger; mistakes will happen, and fish will escape into the oceans. To stop it now, they're organizing consumer boycotts.
"People do not want to eat this fish," Perls says. "And it's becoming more and more clear that the majority of consumers won't eat the GMO fish, even if it is available." In 2013, a New York Times poll found that three-quarters of Americans would not eat genetically modified fish. And in a 2010 poll by NPR, just 35 percent of respondents said they would try such fish.
Friends of the Earth says more than 60 grocery store chains have already promised not to sell the fish — including Safeway, Kroger, Target, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, Aldi and many others.
And the Center for Food Safety, an environmental-advocacy group, says it will sue the FDA to block the approval of the salmon.
Just after the release of Windows 10, all eyes turn towards Microsoft's mobile plans. Not too long ago, we reported about the reveal of Microsoft's upcoming flagship devices, which was then internally known as Talkman and Cityman. Also, the Lumia 830 successor, codenamed 'Saana,' was also found to be resurrected. Considering all this, a new report from NokiaPowerUser, citing a tip from a trusted source, has shone more light regarding the release of these devices.
First off, it seems that the Talkman and Cityman flagships will not be named Lumia 950 and 950 XL. They will instead go by the names Lumia 940 and 940 XL, respectively, disproving recent news of Microsoft jumping numbers for its next Lumia devices. Second, it was confirmed by the report that the Lumia 840 is indeed coming, and it will be launched before the end of the year, after the flagship devices have been released. And lastly, on-screen buttons will reportedly be used on all three devices, confirming previous reports.
The Lumia 940 (Talkman) and 940 XL (Cityman) have the following specifications:
Talkman
Matte White or black polycarbonate body
5.2 inch WQHD (1440x2560) OLED display
Snapdragon 808, 64-bit Hexa core
Iris scanner (infrared) for Windows Hello
3GB of RAM
32GB of internal storage with a microSD card slot
20MP PureView rear camera
5MP Wide-angle front facing camera
3000 mAh removable battery
Qi wireless charging with flip cover
USB Type-C
Cityman
Matte White or black polycarbonate body
5.7 inch WQHD (1440x2560) OLED display
Snapdragon 810, 64-bit Octa core
Iris scanner (infrared) for Windows Hello
3GB of RAM
32GB of internal storage with a microSD card slot
20MP PureView rear camera with triple LED flash
1mm silver ring inside the circumference of the black camera pod
Aluminum side buttons
5MP Wide-angle front facing camera
3300 mAh removable battery
Qi wireless charging integrated
USB Type-C
It is believed that Microsoft will showcase its Windows 10 Mobile-powered flagships at the IFA event this year, which will be held in Berlin, Germany.
Source: NokiaPowerUser via WMPU | Image via Windows Central
A BJP legislator had called Rahul Gandhi a "traitor" over his stand on the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) row.
Rajasthan BJP legislator Kailash Chaudhary has been booked for allegedly calling Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi a "traitor" over his stand on the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) row.A case has been lodged against the legislator and four others under Section 352 (assault or criminal force otherwise than on grave provocation), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 506 (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code (IPC), Station House Officer (SHO) Amethi SK Mishra said yesterday.Mr Chaudhary was also booked under IPC Section 120(B) (criminal conspiracy).The complaint was filed by Congress worker Ravi Darshan in Amethi.Mr Choudhary represents Baytoo constituency in Rajasthan and reportedly made the remarks against the Congress leader at his residence in Barmer on February 17.
The biggest secret in the special operations community—what gun did SEALs from "DevGru" kill Osama bin Laden with—has been revealed. Two military gear blogs, citing multiple insider sources, credit the highly reliable HK416 rifle, an M-16 type weapon, with the "double tap" of 5.56 mm bullets to bin Laden's head.
[See photos of the reaction to bin Laden's death.]
While the military isn't talking about what SEALs from United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group, formerly SEAL Team Six, carried in, two sites—Military Times Gear Scout and Soldier Systems—said the gun used was the German made, Delta Force designed Heckler & Koch rifle used by several militaries.
"I've just heard from a SOCOM vet," says Military Times "He tells me the stack of SEAL assaulters from Red team that went through Osama bin Laden's bedroom door were running HK416s."
Soldier Systems adds that bin Laden "was gunned down using German engineering – the HK416 which was my gut feeling from the very beginning."
[Check out editorial cartoons about Afghanistan.]
A Whispers source close to the SEAL community said that the reports are "kosher for sure." He adds that it's likely the commandos had a collection of different weapons and might have also been carrying a rifle with a shorter barrel.
HK, which didn't have any immediate comment, describes the gun on its website as the perfect SEAL weapon: it shoots an effective 5.56 mm round, has a gas system that doesn't foul the weapon like some other rifles, can shoot 20,000 rounds with "minimal degradation of accuracy," and fires just fine after being submerged in water and not completely drained.
A new poll by Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell shows that Republican Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (Ohio) is no favorite of Republican voters.
ADVERTISEMENT
After four years of watching and rooting for Boehner to succeed in fighting to limit the size and scope of government, fully 60 percent of Republicans surveyed want someone new to be Speaker.
To make matters worse for Boehner, 64 percent viewed him as being "ineffective in opposing Obama's agenda." A resounding repudiation to the person most associated nationally with leading Republicans during the Obama presidency.
What is almost as amazing is that the Speaker is barely right-side up on the favorable/unfavorable test among Republican voters, scoring a meager 43 percent to 34 percent edge among those who should be his staunchest supporters.
The poll has been released in advance of the upcoming House session, with increased movement amongst members to reconsider their decision to support Boehner on the floor of the House.
Discontent among Republican House members over the handling of a variety of issues during the lame-duck session, most notably the decision to fully fund President Obama's top three priorities — ObamaCare, the Environmental Protection Agency and his executive amnesty — have created a rebellion within his own conference.
Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.), who previously pledged to vote for Boehner, changed course in a press announcement, writing that "The CR/omnibus legislation sufficiently undermines the checks and balances enshrined in the Constitution that it warrants my pending vote against the [S]peaker. John Boehner went too far when he teamed with Obama to advance this legislation. He relinquished the power of the purse, and with it he lost my vote."
It only takes 29 Republicans to vote for a Republican other than Boehner for Speaker on the floor of the House to throw the position open to another Republican alternative. Indications from within the conference are that there are many more than that who would be willing to vote against the Speaker, if they believed the effort would succeed.
The key will be whether what was expected to be a relatively calm House Republican Conference meeting on Monday evening turns into a donnybrook over the Speaker election. If this occurs, all bets are off and Tuesday gets interesting.
In baseball terms, when the dust settles, the question of whether House Republicans decide to rehire a manager who is viewed by their fanbase as somewhat affable and well-meaning, but completely ineffective in leading their team to victory, will be answered.
Republicans around the country clearly don't want another two years of a Boehner speakership. Will their elected representatives agree?
Manning is vice president of public policy and communications for Americans for Limited Government.
From a fear of the number 17 to death threats; Italy produces some rather interesting presidents and that's without counting old Silvio.
With the news rolling in that a madcap Italian owner had enforced his 60th managerial change in 29 years, Leeds United fans could have been forgiven for checking whether Garry Monk's head was still attached to his shoulders.
On this occasion, however, it was Maurizio Zamparini copying and pasting another P45, the Palermo president reinforcing his reputation as ‘the manager eater', a nickname Massimo Cellino is rather familiar with himself.
So, once and for all, we pitch these two trigger-happy titans against each other in a battle of impatience, superstition and downright insanity.
Sack-happy score
Cellino
Hired 56-year-old ex-Forest Green boss Dave Hockaday (below), who hadn't even applied for the job, after explaining tactics using salt and pepper pots, according to the Mirror. He lasted six games.
Sacked and reinstated Brian McDermott on the day of his takeover, called Neil Redfearn a ‘weak baby' and said Steve Evans needed to ‘shut his mouth'. Good luck Garry.
Zamparini
Just the nine managerial changes last season for Palermo. Zamparini sacked Beppe Iachini in November and replaced him with Davide Ballardini, who lasted all of two months before departing after a row with the goalkeeper.
Guillermo Barros Schelotto left as soon as he arrived without possessing the required UEFA qualification, replaced by Fabio Viviani who managed all one game, a 4-0 defeat. Two managers later, Iachini returned and resigned, replaced by Walter Novellino. Guess what happened next?
Unsurprisingly, this left Palermo on the brink of relegation.
‘Questionable activities'
Cellino
Banned by the Football League following a tax evasion case concerning a yacht and a land rover in his native Italy. Whoever said the Fit and Proper Person test doesn't work?
Zamparini
In February 2015, Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero (himself a scarf-swinging lunatic) claimed Zamparini had made death threats to him, according to the Mirror.
“Ferrero is insane,” the 75-year-old retorted.
Superstition
Cellino
Sold Paddy Kenny because he doesn't like the number 17. Who said 17 stone at the back? No, all it took was for the portly ‘keeper to have the audacity to be born on May 17th. In February, Leeds released matchday program issue 16b.
Zamparini
Cellino has made his fear of the colour purple well-known, but at least he never sacked someone because of his choice of coat.
In 2000, Zamparini blamed Luciano Spalletti's sacking from Venezia on exactly that; namely, his penchant for black winterwear.
"It was gloomy, funereal and didn't bode well," he complained, as reported by FourFourTwo.
Pick a winner, we dare you.
* Find on similar scale to UK, South Sudan oil reserves
* Oil of DRCongo says oil can boost GDP by 25 pct
* Campaigners say Gertler has made huge profits in Congo (Adds industry comment, further explanation in paragraph 3)
By Peter Jones
KINSHASA, Aug 7 (Reuters) - An oil company owned by Israeli billionaire Dan Gertler said on Thursday it had discovered around 3 billion barrels of oil in the Democratic Republic of Congo, an amount similar to the proven reserves of oil producers Britain and South Sudan.
The crude was discovered around Lake Albert on Congo's eastern border with Uganda, Oil of DRCongo said in a statement.
An analysis of seismic survey data “indicates around 3 billion barrels of oil in place”, it said, although it was not yet clear what portion was recoverable.
“These are very positive results from our extensive seismic campaign,” said Giuseppe Ciccarelli, Oil of DRCongo's CEO. “We continue to believe the project has the potential to provide significant revenues and multiple other benefits to the people of (Congo).”
The nearby Ugandan blocks are estimated to hold a similar amount of oil and are being developed by British company Tullow , France's Total and China National Offshore Oil Corp (CNOOC).
Oil of DRCongo said it now plans to prepare for the drilling of two exploration wells on the site by building infrastructure and relocating local communities.
Resource-rich Congo produces just 25,000 barrels of oil per day from onshore and offshore fields in western coastal areas and is seeking to increase production dramatically to boost growth and relieve poverty.
Oil made up just 1.7 percent of Congo's gross domestic product in 2012, according to the International Monetary Fund. Oil of DRCongo said production of 50,000 barrels per day at Lake Albert would expand Congo's economy by 25 percent.
But industry sources say the volumes should be considered provisional and point to the difficulty of exporting the oil from eastern Congo - a region hundreds of kilometres from export points on the shores of the Indian and Atlantic oceans.
“Seismic estimates still need to be confirmed by a serious drilling campaign and I would not be surprised if the amount is reduced by a significant percentage,” said one source with experience assessing oil exploration projects in Africa.
Risk consultancy Maplecroft's Ben Payton said oil could, in theory, be exported via a planned pipeline from Uganda to the ocean but added tension between Uganda and Congo made this unlikely.
LUCRATIVE BUSINESS?
Oil of DRCongo operates blocks one and two at Lake Albert on behalf of Foxwhelp and Caprikat, both subsidiaries of Gertler's Netherlands-based company Fleurette which has several interests in Congo's mining sector.
Campaign groups such as Global Witness say Gertler, an influential figure in Congo with close ties to President Joseph Kabila's government, received concessions at low prices before selling them on for large profits, particularly in a series of mining deals between 2010 and 2012.
In January, Reuters revealed that Gertler had sold one of his Congo-based oil companies, Nessergy Ltd, to the government for $150 million - 300 times the amount paid for the oil rights.
Gertler, who has joint Israeli and Congolese citizenship and says his firm has invested more than $7 billion in the local economy, vigorously denies receiving favourable deals at knockdown prices.
A spokesman said at the time that the Nessergy rights had dramatically increased in value since they were obtained in 2006, partly due to the discovery of significant nearby oilfields. (Reporting by Peter Jones; Writing and additional reporting by Emma Farge; Editing by David Evans)
The Pirate Party UK stood three candidates across five elections in this week's local elections and the results were announced yesterday. The party hit a new all-time high, averaging 3.77% for higher councils and 9.65% for lower councils.
Pirate Party UK Acting Leader and Lead Candidate, David Elston, said:
"Our vote share is going in the right direction. 7.6% for St Athan is a result we can all be proud of, and our other two candidates, Des and Jeb, ran very successful campaigns and were rewarded with excellent results for their first outing into local politics. In the past, Pirates have been hitting vote shares of around 0.2% in a number of local elections. I'm really glad to see how we inspired people to vote different and how we achieved well above that figure this time across areas with a variety of competition.
"In lower council seats, we managed to reach 17.43% of the vote share, and a total of fewer than 50 votes behind Labour. While the loss of a community council seat that we previously gained through co-option is disappointing, it was obviously a bold and brave move to take on a party the size of Labour, and still come out so close to winning.
"Some time ago, I wrote to our friends in The Netherlands, sending them our admiration and telling them to stay bold and stay brave as the fight for civil liberties is a long one, and saying that they should not be disheartened by a victory narrowly missed. I'm not about to make a hypocrite of myself and give up now - we're charging on to the General Election, where we will be taking the fight to Parliament itself."
Pirate Party UK Castleland Candidate Jebediah Hedges said:
"In a first-past-the-post election where the chance of winning is slight for a small new party, you have to make sure you make use of the platform in every way possible. We've been dropping leaflets online and through letterboxes and even on the night of the count itself we were keen to engage with other candidates to see where we share ideals and talk out our differences. You're never going to convince the opposition to change their mind unless you're willing to have that conversation. I'm really happy with 1.54% in such a high competition swing seat."
Pirate Party UK New Milton Candidate Des Hjerling said:
"It's onward and upward from here. 2.2% in my local election is a tremendously good start for us and now we're going to build on that for the deliberately badly timed snap General Election we've been forced into. We'll take what we've learnt and expand the relationships made and campaigns won to take on anything Westminster throws at us."
The Pirate Party UK currently has eight candidates standing in the General Election but is actively raising funds to be able to increase that number. For details of how to contribute visit https://www.pirateparty.org.uk/lets-build-ship-together
---
About Pirate Party UK
The Pirate Party in the UK is a fledgling political party. It has fielded a few candidates in European and National elections, but like most small parties it is significantly constrained by the UK electoral system. Despite this, the Pirate Party has started to poll along side major parties and is looking to build support from the grassroots. The party will be standing candidates in the June 2017 General Election.
Find out more about the UK Pirate Party at https://pirateparty.org.uk/ or contact [email protected]
Theresa May will become Britain's new prime minister after her only rival abruptly quit the race and David Cameron revealed he will resign on Wednesday.
Cameron, who wasn't expected to leave until the fall, changed his mind after energy minister Andrea Leadsom withdrew from the competition following a bruising weekend at the hands of critics within the party. Cameron said it's clear May has “the overwhelming support” of Conservative members of Parliament.
Leadsom and May were the last two candidates after Michael Gove, the last man still in the race, was dropped from the voting last week after receiving scant support in the second round of the run-off contest. Leadsom won the backing of just 84 members of the Tory caucus, against 199 for May.
In announcing her withdrawal she said the result showed she lacked the strength to overtake May, and suggested Britain's post-Brexit uncertainty is not the time for a drawn-out contest. But her departure followed two days of public mauling after she suggested in an interview that her role as a mother made her a better choice than May.
Leadsom made the remarks in an interview with
The Times that was published on Friday night. She immediately denounced it as “gutter journalism” and the “exact opposite of what I said,” but a transcript of the interview set off a fierce weekend debate that left her campaign in tatters. In the transcript, which Leadsom didn't dispute, she was asked “Do you feel like a mum in politics?”
She responded:
“Yes … I feel that being a mum means you have a real stake in the future of our country, a tangible stake. [May] possibly has nieces, nephews, lots of people, but I have children who are going to have children who will directly be a part of what happens next.”
The remarks set off the usual howl of social media outrage as rival Tory camps jockeyed for position. Leadsom apologized to May, who revealed that she and her husband had tried to have children but weren't able to. While May said she didn't believe Leadsom meant any offence, it left Leadsom in a much-weakened position. She may simply have decided she didn't want to spend the summer being a target for rival camps willing to turn the leadership race into an ugly brawl. In her remarks Monday she said May was “ideally placed” to negotiate Britain's exit from the European Union, and wished her the “greatest success.”
In reality the result sets up an odd paradox. While Britain voted in its “Brexit” referendum to quit the EU, May was a member of the camp arguing to remain within Europe. As prime minister she will now be tasked with negotiating a departure she argued against. It also means the four most public supporters of Brexit have all either quit, or been dropped, from implementing their triumph. Boris Johnson surprised almost everyone by declaring he wouldn't seek to become prime minister; Gove, accused of betraying Johnson by joining the contest himself, was quickly shown to have minimal support among his peers; and Nigel Farage, head of the anti-immigrant UK Independence Party, announced he would quit the leadership because he'd achieved his goal of winning Brexit. He threw his support to Leadsom, who is now out of the race.
It also shows that anyone who thought the near-certainty of Britain's selecting its second female prime minister —almost four decades after Margaret Thatcher became the first —would change the dynamic in how women are treated would be sadly disappointed. Once it became evident the last two contestants would both be women, The Telegraph, bible of the Conservative faithful, ran a lengthy comparison of their fashion choices, including the line, “kitten heels are to Mrs. May what a large bottom is to Kim Kardashian.” It noted May's rise in the party began when she wore a pair of leopard-print heels to a Tory conference, and argued she had turned her taste in clothes into “a channel for her political message.”
“Thigh-length patent boots, tartan suits, leopard-print shoes; Mrs May has converted a form of subordination into an affirmation, thus thwarting it,” it proclaimed.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Before Leadsom's surprise withdrawal, May had emerged as much the more skillful politician in any case. She's considered a capable, no-nonsense MP who, as Home Secretary, held one of the most senior seats in cabinet. When an open microphone caught venerable Conservative Kenneth Clarke denouncing her as “a bloody difficult woman,” she neatly turned it into a compliment. “We have had one running the country before; we need another now,” she responded.
She may soon become part of an unprecedented trio of powerhouse females. Should Hillary Clinton win November's U.S. election, the leaders of the western world's three biggest powers — the U.S., Britain and Germany — will all be women. May could also move to cement her power by calling an early election. That would catch the opposition Labour party in the midst of its own internal war, as leader Jeremy Corbyn fights against an effort to oust him. That battle too took a new turn on the weekend as a veteran Labour MP launched a formal challenge to replace Corbyn as leader. Should she succeed, Angela Eagle would be the first woman to head Labour.
National Post
In not-so-shocking news, it looks like Trump supporters really don't get performance art. The quite subtle headline on the front page of the Drudge Report today reads “WIKI WICCAN: PODESTA PRACTICES OCCULT MAGIC,” referring to Clinton's campaign manager John Podesta.
The truth, however, is not that Podesta worships the dark forces of the underworld, but that he is somewhat chummy with the Grandmother of Performance Art herself, Marina Abramović.
Come on, alt-right, have you even heard of “The Artist Is Present”?
YouTube
To backtrack a bit, Podesta's email account was hacked and its contents are slowly but surely being published on Wikileaks. A recent document reveals a 2015 email conversation between John Podesta and his brother Tony, a lobbyist and big time contemporary art collector. The email in question reads:
Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner
That Marina would be Abramović, the Serbian performance artist (born in the former Yugoslavia) who can bring mere mortals to tears just by staring them in the face in the halls of the Museum of Modern Art.
The original email from Marina herself, inviting Tony to one of her Spirit Cooking dinners, reads:
Dear Tony, I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina
Now, you may be thinking, “What is a Spirit Cooking dinner? And how can I get to one ASAP?”
A little history: Abramović did, in 1996, create a series of 12 etchings called “Spirit Cooking,” which contained Yoko Ono-esque “recipes” like “sitting on a copper chair / comb your hair / with a clear quartz crystal brush / until your memory is released.” Spin also uncovered a YouTube video called “Spirit Cooking,” in which Abramović paints paranormal messages in pig's blood on the wall, including, “Mix fresh breast milk with fresh sperm milk / Drink on earthquake nights.”
As far as Marina's art goes, it's pretty tame stuff.
Although Abramović created uncanny artworks under the label of “Spirit Cooking” in the past, the dinner in question was simply that ― dinner.
Specifically, it was a reward for donors who had given the largest amount, $10,000 or more, to a Kickstarter campaign that Abramović launched to fund a new art institute in New York's Hudson Valley. (The Kickstarter page promised that Abramović would teach donors “how to cook a series of traditional soups,” followed by a Tibetan dessert.)
Abramović told The Huffington Post in a statement that she's never met John Podesta and that he didn't attend her dinner. “Tony Podesta is a longstanding friend of mine. These comments relating to his brother John are absurd,” she said. “I am astonished and appalled that references to my work are being misrepresented in this way to use for political capital.”
Well there you have it. “Spirit Cooking” is most certainly not, as pro-Trump websites are alleging, proof that Clinton's campaign chairman is “into spooky occult rituals involving menstrual blood and semen.” Or that he took part in rituals embraced by “Satanist Aleister Crowley.”
In fact, Podesta didn't even respond to his brother's message, proving, if anything, he doesn't know a good invite when he sees one.
Trump supporters, we know performance art can get super weird. Sometimes it involves blood, and semen, and even, yes, breast milk. Sometimes it pushes the boundaries of acceptable behavior and delves into the dark terrain of the mystical unknown. At least Podesta wasn't talking up the Orgy Mystery Theatre ― it's hard to imagine what Infowars would make of that.
But even Abramović's most gruesome performance is nowhere near as terrifying as the real-life horror show that has been the Republican presidential candidate's hate-fueled campaign. We're hoping #SpiritCooking becomes the new #NastyWomen.
This article features additional reporting from Nico Pitney and has been updated to include a statement from Marina Abramović.
Democratic lobbyist Tony Podesta is stepping down from his lobbying firm Monday after becoming a subject of investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller.
Podesta announced his decision to leave The Podesta Group during a firm-wide meeting Monday morning and is alerting clients of his impending departure, Politico reported.
RELATED: Mueller Has Podesta Group In His ‘Crosshairs' — WATCH:
Podesta will be handing over control to the firms longtime CEO Kimberley Fritts, multiple sources with knowledge of the meeting told Politico. Fritts and a senior group of the Podesta team will be launching a new firm soon. Sources said that this transition has been in the works for several months.
The lobbyist's exit comes as former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his business associate, Rick Gates, were indicted in a federal court Monday on 12 counts, including conspiracy to launder money, conspiracy against the United States, and making false and misleading statements.
Podesta and The Podesta Group's involvement in Ukrainian politics is also complicating the situation. Mueller expanded the investigation to focus on Podesta and his Democratic-leaning lobbying firm with connections to Hillary Clinton, sources told NBC in an Oct. 24 report.
Manafort turned himself in to the FBI field office in Washington, D.C., Monday morning.
NOW WATCH: KEY ROLE IN INICTMENT
Follow Henry Rodgers On Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
There seems to have been a lot of rioting recently. The Greeks are rioting over government spending cuts. Hockey fans rioted in Canada's nicest city. Soccer fans staged a riot in Argentina. And…uh-oh, what's this? Riots all over the USA: in Washington, DC, in Peoria, IL, in Philadelphia, in Chicago, in Philadelphia again….What's going on?
Rioting is a pretty normal state of affairs. Ancient Alexandria's inhabitants were, the historians tell us, “always riotous.” The Gordon Riots in 1780 London destroyed the city's two main prisons and damaged the Bank of England, as well as several embassies.
Speaking of London:
He had come prepared to incite a riot. The elements were there. The men already in the bar agreed with him and his friends that the barrier was a bloody shame. A silence spread among them, like the thickening in the air before a storm. One man poked a hole through the screen with his cane. A cadet gave it a shove. Someone else kicked it, and it moved. In a flash the whole crowd, suddenly excited and infuriated, rushed at the flimsy encumbrance and demolished it. Amid the din X shouted: “Ladies of the Empire! I stand for liberty!” It turned out that there were no ladies present, soiled or otherwise; the prostitutes had prudently decamped.…
Sordid stuff. A London music hall (i.e., vaudeville theater) named The Empire was laid out with a promenade space alongside the men's bar so that ladies of the town could “describe their specialties and cite their prices in stage whispers.” A crusader against vice had persuaded the city council to erect a barrier between bar and promenade. This was the barrier destroyed in the riot on Saturday, November 3rd, 1894.
“He's black, she's yellow, they're Jewish. We all know it, but for goodness' sake don't mention it.”
But who was X, the riot's ringleader? None other than 19-year-old Winston Churchill, later to become Sir Winston Churchill, KG, OM, CH, TD, PC, DL, FRS, Hon. RA, twice Prime Minister of Britain, and winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature. (The quotes above are from William Manchester's The Last Lion.)
Not many of us have incited a riot on behalf of street hookers. Well, I know I never have. I can't even recall ever having been in a riot, though I had a close brush with one once.
It was around 1970 in Nottingham, England. I was visiting the place on business and went out drinking with some colleagues in the evening. We heard a disturbance in the street outside our pub and went out to look. A mob of young men, more than a hundred, were storming up the street, yelling wildly, and swinging out with their fists against passersby. It was terrifying. We ducked back into the bar and the mob flowed past. I have no idea why they were rioting—something to do with soccer, probably. (Where was the sheriff?)
A few years before that, English seaside family vacations were being ruined by the mods and rockers wars. Rockers were English bikers. They had greased hair, sideburns, leather jackets, and motorbikes. The mod was the metrosexual's evolutionary precursor. He blow-dried his hair, wore natty suits, and rode a motor scooter. Mods and rockers hated each other. They came out in force on summer weekends and fought pitched battles on England's few decent beaches.
Pay to Play - Put your money where your mouth is and subscribe for an ad-free experience and to join the world famous Takimag comment board.
Mark Blyth (9) : On the Dead End of Austerity
The Great Gatsby is out as a film again. Go see it! Think about it. Basically you have this tiny elite. How many yachts can they buy, right? They have all the goddam cash. And they don't need to invest in a recession because they can live off the interest on their investments, so they're fine. Everybody else is screwed if they don't have investments. They can't consume enough because of the wage skew. We're back to where we were in the Twenties and Thirties. Political economist Mark Blyth, with Chris Lydon. June, 2013.
Mark Blyth, the butcher's son from Dundee, is sounding off again in the Scottish pub where we all belong — if you want the news of wealth in our time deciphered, and if you can listen as fast as Mark Blyth talks. The authority of his brash gab is reinforced by the reviews hither and yon of his pithy new treatise from Oxford on the false doctrine of the day: Austerity: The History of a Dangerous Idea. That idea he's been bashing in our conversations for almost three years now is the doctrine (rampant in official Europe, fashionable in the US) that governments can shrink their way out of debt by slashing their public budgets. Professor Blyth's counter here is that it's government's job to grow the economy and the taxes that will service the debt.
Not the least of what's new in Mark Blyth's book is the argument that austerity (not inflation) was the proximate cause of Naziism in Germany in the Thirties — also of Japanese expansionism in the same period that led to World War 2. So there may be a grim warning in his evocation of Scott Fitzgerald's Gatsby and the Jazz Age.
In the class-divided skies of British Airways nowadays he sees another flash of where we're going:
I fly a lot on British Airways, which now has four classes in its planes when you go trans-Atlantic. It's the medieval class structure brought back to life. At the very front of the plane where you turn left instead of right as you come in the nose — first class! — that's the Aristocrats. They're the ones you never get to see. Literally, the Lords and Ladies. Then, when you turn right, you go through all these flat lie-down beds. These are the trans-Atlantic Knights of the Financial Nobility. Then you get past that to Premium Economy, which is like the Serfs with Money — you notice that's a very small section of the plane. And then: one third of the air frame has two thirds of the passengers. Cattle. Cargo. Self-loading. Everybody else. It's a bit like the societies we've built for ourselves. And until the people — not at the bottom but the ones in the middle, the ones whose voices matter the most in politics — say: you know what? I just can't afford $50,000 a year for whatever Ivy League or non-Ivy League university my kids gets into. How am I going to do this? Let's say you earned $150,000 a year… That's a lot of money — it's three times the median income. You've got a chunk of change, but you still have to eat. Let's say you save $40,000 of that. That's still not enough for one year of college. And you won't get financial aid because you're making $150,000. I know professors who can't send their kids to these schools. And that's if they have one. What if they have two? So when that constituency starts to say: hang on a minute; there's something seriously wrong here. That's when you'll begin to see change.
Mark Blyth's argument here is drawn from life — that is, from his own:
THE HEAVENS—Saying they were reluctant to make the change but that budget pressures left them no other choice, divine sources announced Tuesday that the traditional promise of salvation would be reduced from eternity to 500 billion years. “To help us meet the rising cost of maintaining Heaven as a lavish kingdom of perfection for all penitent souls, we will now be limiting believers to afterlives consisting of half a trillion years, an amount of time we still feel is quite generous,” Archangel Michael stated at a press conference revealing the changes, which are set to go into effect immediately and apply to all God-fearing peoples who are currently alive, previously deceased, and yet to be born. “We want to assure all those who have lived virtuous, righteous lives that they will see no dilution in the legendary splendor and magnificence of the Heavenly realm, and that the only difference they will encounter is the new cap on the duration of their stay in paradise.” The Archangel added that divine officials would ensure that all redeemed souls would be painlessly extinguished into oblivion once their 500 billion years expired.
Advertisement
^I'm just wondering because of the famous Orange Sunshine case, in which they didn't get out of prosecution since the court determined that ALD-52 readily degraded into LSD. They probably were just making LSD and either way, LSD is required in order to create ALD-52 in the first place, or so I've read...I'm really curious to see how 'clean' this stuff feels, as LSD is some pretty heavy shit IME. If I could trip LSD without the gut churning and the random bursts of anxiety, I'd certainly do so. Not to say that the anxiety and intensity of LSD isn't a plus sometimesI think that's part of what makes LSD so mind-expanding, profound, and often life changing. It would just be nice to sometimes have an acid-esque trip without... well, the feeling of being on acid hahah. I have yet to try Eth-lad or Al-lad though, so maybe they have some of what I'm seeking.
OTTAWA — A historic land claim agreement in principle struck by the Algonquins of Ontario with the federal and provincial governments is being denounced as fraudulent and illegal by chiefs of a number of Iroquois and Algonquin First Nations.
They charge that the vast majority of the Algonquins of Ontario (AOO) are not actually Algonquin or even aboriginal.
Indeed, the chiefs say even Prime Minister Justin Trudeau could technically qualify as an Algonquin under the loose criteria set to determine eligibility to participate in a ratification vote on the proposed deal.
While non-natives are entitled to vote on and benefit from the deal, the chiefs say other legitimate First Nations, whose traditional territory overlaps with the AOO land claim, have been ignored while their rights were bargained away.
The claim, the largest being negotiated in Ontario, covers a territory of 36,000 square kilometres in eastern Ontario, including Parliament Hill.
Among other things, the proposed deal would transfer 117,500 acres of Crown land to Algonquin ownership and provide a $300 million settlement.
If successful, it would become the province's first modern-day, constitutionally protected treaty.
The agreement in principle, which is in the midst of a ratification vote, was denounced Thursday by the chiefs of four Algonquin First Nations, who said the land claim overlaps almost 900,000 acres of their territory.
Lance Haymond, chief of the Kabaowek First Nation, said “the vast majority” of the Algonquins of Ontario “are not Algonquin at all,” but non-natives who claim a loose connection to an Algonquin “root ancestor.” In many cases, those eligible to vote on the land claim deal have not had any intermarriage with Algonquins for more than 200 years, he said.
According to a genealogical analysis done for the chiefs, Trudeau could technically trace his ancestry to an Algonquin woman eight generations ago. The process for eligibility is so convoluted and “ludicrous” that Trudeau could declare himself to be an Algonquin of Ontario, Haymond said.
“The Algonquins of Ontario do not have the moral or legal obligation to negotiate away all the rights of the Algonquin people,” he said.
Haymond said Trudeau's fledgling government is not to blame for the situation but, given Trudeau's vow to create a new, respectful, nation-to-nation relationship with First Nations, has an obligation to fix it.
The deal was also denounced by the Iroquois caucus, which represents seven Iroquois communities in Ontario and Quebec.
“What has happened is, I will call it, fraudulent,” Kahnawake Grand Chief Joe Norton told a news conference.
“An illegal deal has been made, has been struck to bring in people who are not Algonquins, who are not in any way attached to the land, who have not strived and struggled for centuries to try and maintain the integrity of the lands within Ontario.”
Norton said the claim involves lands “continuously occupied” by the Iroquois, yet they have “more or less been pushed aside for people who have no right to any of this territory.”
The Algonquins of Ontario consist of the federally recognized Pikwakanagan First Nation and nine other communities where people claim Algonquin ancestry.
AOO principal negotiator Robert Potts has said the inclusion of non-status descendents of Algonquins is intended to correct “a historic injustice” wherein many bands were never recognized under the Indian Act. He has also said the criteria for determining descendants has been stringent, involving a genealogist, a ratification committee and a retired judge.
Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will stand up in the House of Commons Tuesday and apologize for the federal government's long history of discrimination against LGBTQ Canadians in the public service. Many people, especially those who've felt firsthand the sting of the government's discriminatory policies, have waited a long time for this day.
As a historian of sexuality, I regularly teach students about the odious means the government used in the postwar period to purge LGBTQ people from the public service: the spies, the paid informants, the infamous fruit machine. So I can get behind the apology part.
But as part of the reconciliation process, the prime minister has promised to clear the historical criminal convictions of those found guilty of same-sex offences, though the process by which the government will go about assessing each case is yet unclear.
Digging through the archives
It should go without saying that criminal convictions for consenting adults engaged in same-sex activities should be expunged. The problem is, the historical records do not easily lend themselves to the type of analysis that will be necessary to properly understand what happened in each case.
For nearly three decades, I've been in the archives, digging through boxes of dusty, decaying dossiers on sexual offences between men (sexual relations between women were not marked out in the law before the 1950s). I've turned up close to 400 cases of gross indecency and buggery for the period 1880-1940, mainly from Toronto.
The records reveal that the queer past, just like the straight past, is littered with cases in which men forced themselves on others. The difficulty is, it's often impossible in these frustratingly fragmentary historical documents to disentangle coercion and consent. In the eagerness to apologize, there's been too little thought on the part of the federal government given to the patchiness of the surviving historical records and what they can and can't reveal.
On November 28, the Government will offer a formal apology to LGBTQ2 Canadians in the House - for the persecution & injustices they have suffered, and to advance together on the path to equality & inclusion. —@JustinTrudeau
The working premise for expunging records is that same-sex convictions will be cleared if the activity engaged in would have been legal at the time had the participants been a man and a woman. Sounds fair. But is it?
My research has turned up many cases that involved sex in public places. That's because for much of the queer past, the luxury of privacy remained out of reach. A few men of means could afford to entertain in their apartments, but many others lived in crowded households or in boarding houses under the watchful eyes of landladies. By necessity, sexual privacy had to be carved out of public space. Not surprisingly, many men got caught literally with their pants down.
Sex in public was technically illegal for heterosexual couples, too, although of course their sexual options were not nearly as limited. But the point is, how is it fair to apply the same legal standards of straight sexual behaviour to the queer past?
Then, there's the problem of sex between men and male youths, which, like public sex, surfaces frequently in the historical records. Perhaps the most famous case is that of Everett Klippert, whose conviction for engaging in homosexual acts prompted Pierre Trudeau to partially decriminalize homosexuality.
In John Ibbitson's profile of Klippert for the Globe and Mail in February 2016, Klippert is described as "no saint." He had sex with teenagers, often offering free bus rides, money and liquor in exchange for their sexual favours. But by the end of Ibbitson's piece, Klippert becomes "just a man who sought out other men for sex." In this and many other portrayals of Klippert, teenagers and the exchange of sex for money or perks recede from view or disappear from the story altogether. Why? I suspect as a way to make Klippert look respectable for his pardon, which Trudeau's office announced last year would be issued posthumously.
Straightening up the past
The writer L. P. Hartley famously wrote, "the past is a foreign country: they do things differently there." Too much of the gay apology seems to be about trying to straighten up the queer past, to erase its differences and to make it presentable for its appearance on the national stage of apology. In the process, much of what is both distinctive and sometimes distressing about the queer past gets lost.
I doubt much of this will make it into the prime minister's speech. Instead, we'll hear, as we should, about the historical injustice and about the need to reconcile with the past in order to move forward. The trouble is, the queer past resists easy reconciliation. It's complicated and messy and no amount of apologizing or pardoning can change that.
This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - A 22-month-old baby boy has died after being critically injured in a shooting on the Eastside, Friday night, according to the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.
According to the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office, a grandmother, mother and the baby boy were parked in front of a house on Spearing Street when an unidentified vehicle came by spraying bullets, leaving the baby critically injured.
JSO Chief of Investigations Tom Hackney said the only person injured in the incident was the toddler, Aiden Michael McClendon.
“The people responsible for this need to be off our streets,” Hackney said. “They don't deserve to walk the same streets as you and me.”
The baby was taken to UF Health with life-threatening injuries and died Saturday morning.
Police said a white vehicle fled westbound on Albert Street with the suspects. JSO has not confirmed exactly how many suspects may be involved as it is still very early in the investigation.
Hackney indicated the shooting is gang-related and emphasized this type of behavior will not be tolerated.
Authorities do not believe the individuals in the car were the targets, but more so the people in the house. However, Hackney said it is still too early to confirm.
“It's no shock that gang and violence go together,” Hackney said. “The senseless nature of these killings continues to draw the attention of the public.”
The police chief said they still had a lot of evidence to process and witnesses to interview.
“It can't be done alone, we can't do it by ourselves,” Hackney said. “When these things happen, people call, we're counting on that. Evidence leads a lot of ways, but somebody picks up the phone always helps.”
Aiden McClendon
Hackney appealed to the public to pick up the phone and call authorities if they had any information that could lead to a suspect.
The phone number to call for Crime Stoppers is 1-866-845-TIPS.
Copyright 2016 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved.
Articles & News
Taking control of your career
Published by Iperform on 24 June 2014 Moving from one place to another can be a way to move along the career pipeline. However what if you prefer to stay in the same business and progress? What are some simple guidelines for getting ahead & taking control of your own career development? READ FULL ARTICLE >
FRONT OF MIND
Published by Iperform on 03 June 2014 Towards the beginning of my career I had the opportunity to work as Public Relations Manager for a leading international 5-star hotel. As part of my induction into the role I spent time in a sister hotel and learned an important lesson from my colleague... READ FULL ARTICLE >
CLIENT INTERVIEW: TONY CHISHOLM - SOFITEL SO SINGAPORE
Published by Iperform on 16 May 2014 Congratulations to Accor Hotels on opening their first property in Singapore for the Sofitel brand on 31st May - the evocatively named SO SINGAPORE. General Manager Tony Chisholm has the enviable responsibility of bringing this exciting new project to life. SO SINGAPORE's training partner, iperform, asks Tony what makes this hotel SO different! READ FULL ARTICLE >
THE "EXPERIENCE ECONOMY" GOES BEYOND SERVICE
Published by Iperform on 03 April 2014 We have left the 'Service Economy' and are now in the 'Experience Economy'. Service pure and simple, is not enough any more - the service we provide is now just part of the experience, but does not define the entire experience. READ FULL ARTICLE >
HOW TO FOSTER A CREATIVE CULTURE
Published by Tim Millett on 18 March 2014 A particular area of interest for many businesses revolves around the concept of creativity and how it can be applied in the work environment. Having written a number of books on the subject, Edward de Bono can be surmised to say that probably the biggest obstacle to the discovery of creative solutions lies in the issue of time. Read on... READ FULL ARTICLE >
SMALL GESTURES : GREAT IMPACT
Published by Tim Millett on 18 March 2014 First impressions count, right? So imagine my pleasant surprise on arrival in the "Madeleine Room" where I was to conduct training to find at every place around the u-shaped table was a namesake "madeleine" (a small French cake) and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. It was very much on theme for the hotel where I was training, and created a positive benchmark for the rest of the day. But that's only the beginning of the story... READ FULL ARTICLE >
EXCEL AT CUSTOMER SERVICE BY FOLLOWING A FEW EASY STEPS
Published by Tim Millett on 09 October 2013 Providing the best customer service 24/7 isn't always an easy proposition. Regardless, customer service experts stress that by following these tips businesses can improve their image and effectiveness in this very important field. READ FULL ARTICLE >
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE IN JUST A FEW STEPS
Published by Tim Millett on 09 October 2013 Providing good customer service is incredibly important in the new digital age of business. However, with the revolution in the service industry, customers now expect to be given service that is not only effective but of the highest quality. READ FULL ARTICLE >
TIPS TO TRANSFORM YOURSELF INTO AN EFFECTIVE LEADER
Published by Tim Millett on 09 October 2013 Some people are born leaders, while others become leaders by acquiring and cultivating certain traits and skills. If you're in the second camp and looking to grow into a successful leader, here are some tips that can transform your career. READ FULL ARTICLE >
In Native American ceremonies, the hallucinogenic substance peyote has been used sacramentally, and in the early 1960s, LSD (lysergic acid diethylamide, also known as ‘acid') was administered by healthcare professionals to many patients, including the actor Cary Grant, for therapeutic purposes. Yet, hallucinogenic substances have also garnered a negative reputation among those who fear or dislike 'street' use of these drugs.
After analyzing data from a U.S. national health survey, Teri Krebs and Pål-Ørjan Johansen, researchers at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) Department of Neuroscience, have determined that use of LSD, magic mushrooms, or peyote does not increase a person's risk of developing mental health problems.
In fact, the researchers found that ‘lifetime use' of LSD may be associated with less psychiatric medicine prescriptions and lower frequency of outpatient treatment for issues of mental health.
Controversy
When hallucinogenic substances are used recreationally, overdose does not seem to occur (or be recorded) as frequently as it does with other drugs. Certainly, though, in at least one instance involving LSD, overindulgence has been considered ‘life-threatening.' In that case, as documented in the Western Journal of Medicine, eight people accidentally ingested an abnormally high dosage of LSD and suffered, among other symptoms, bleeding, vomiting, and physical collapse. Admitted to San Francisco General Hospital, they were successfully treated and eventually released within days.
Yet, the Drug Policy Alliance states, “Experts agree that psychedelics do not cause addiction or compulsive use, and they are not known to harm the brain.” While the National Institue on Drug Abuse agrees that LSD is not addictive, it notes that certain small studies of the drug have shown it can produce flashbacks in users and even cause impairment.
Yet, a 2012 study by Krebs and Johansen found evidence of beneficial effects; in fact, they discovered that use of LSD, when administered to patients being treated for alcoholism, proved helpful. Patients given a dose of LSD were less likely to relapse into misusing alcohol. Having completed a study on one specific aspect of LSD's effects, Krebs and Johansen next decided to investigate the existence — or non-existence — of a link between LSD use and mental health problems.
A Positive For Mental Health?
For this recent study, the NTNU researchers explored data from the 2001-2004 National Survey on Drug Use and Health, which tracked information on the prevalence, patterns, and consequences of alcohol, tobacco, and illegal drug use and abuse in the general U.S. civilian non-institutionalized population. Participants aged 12 and older were asked, among other questions, about mental health treatment as well as symptoms of mental health conditions over the past year.
After examining information from 130,000 randomly chosen people, Krebs and Johansen noted the incidence of general psychological distress, anxiety disorders, mood disorders, and psychosis in both users and non-users of psychedelic drugs.
"After adjusting for other risk factors, lifetime use of LSD, psilocybin, mescaline or peyote, or past year use of LSD was not associated with a higher rate of mental health problems or receiving mental health treatment," stated Johansen in a press release.
In fact, the researchers found that lifetime use of psilocybin or mescaline and past-year use of LSD might be linked to lower rates of serious psychological distress. Lifetime use of LSD was linked to fewer psychiatric medicine prescriptions and lower frequency of outpatient treatment for issues of mental health.
“Early speculation that psychedelics might lead to mental health problems was based on a small number of case reports and did not take into account either the widespread use of psychedelics or the not infrequent rate of mental health problems in the general population,” Krebs stated in a press release.
The researchers, though, did note that even if you use of psychedelics might have a positive effect on mental health on a population level, individuality must be addressed. "We cannot exclude the possibility that use of psychedelics might have a negative effect on mental health for some individuals or groups," the authors stated in a press release.
Origins
Although many people believe that LSD is exclusively synthesized in a laboratory, it is a naturally occurring substance. It occurs in ergot, a type of fungus that can grow on grains like rye and wheat and, when eaten, can cause a type of poisoning that includes vomiting, hallucinations, and muscle spasms.
In 1938, while searching for a stimulant for blood circulation, Swiss chemist Albert Hoffman, who worked for Sandoz Laboratories, synthesized lysergic acid diethylanine. After various experiments, he came up with a specific formula known as ‘LSD-25.' This formula did not prove effective so he left-off his research. Five years later, though, he decided to look at it again. Accidentally, he exposed himself to the drug and discovered its hallucinatory effects. After this, Sandoz Laboratories began research to see if the drug might have a use in psychiatric treatment.
Source: Krebs TS, Johansen PO. Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) for alcoholism: meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Journal of Psychopharmacology. 2012.
Krebs TS, Johansen PO. LSD and other psychedelics not linked with mental health problems. PLOS ONE. 2013.
Tesla founder and CEO Elon Musk won't likely have to build the Tesla big battery in South Australia for free – around half of it has already been put in place, and is already storing power from the neighbouring wind farm.
In a major event on Friday night at Neoen's Hornsdale wind farm, near Jamestown in the state's mid-north, Musk announced that a connection agreement had been signed with ElectraNet and approved by the Australian Energy Market Operator.
Even though the agreement was only signed on Friday, half of the array (30MW/65MWh out of the total 100MW/129MWh) is already in place (see photo above) and was providing power to the unveiling event.
“To have it done in two months,” Musk said, is “pretty amazing” – adding that it was quicker than a kitchen renovation. He said it was time to get rid of fossil fuels. “Talk is cheap, action is difficult,” he said. “This is not just talk, it is reality.”
The unveiling of what will for a time be the world's biggest lithium-ion battery storage array attracted about 500 or so politicians, including premier Jay Weatherill and energy minister Tom Koutsantonis, energy industry folk, media people and “Teslarati” – those with Tesla EVs or battery storage.
“This shows how much has been done in a incredibly short period of time,” Weatherill said.
“There were lots of people making jokes about South Australia and making fun of our our leadership in renewable energy. They are now laughing on the other side of their face, because South Australia is leading the world on renewable energy technologies.”
Koutsantonis was equally effusive: “Welcome to the 21st Century,” he said. And he was equally dismissive of the federal government and prime minister Malcolm Turnbull, which only on Friday said the state would be unable to host an AFL grand final because it had unreliable power.
Musk had promised to build the Tesla big battery within 100 days of signing a connection agreement “or it's free” after beating off 90 or so other competitors that bid for the S.A. government's “big battery” tender.
However, that 100-day promise is notional anyway. The contract signed with the S.A. government is to deliver the battery array by December 1, the start of summer. AEMO is counting on it, along with demand management and other initiatives, to ensure there are no blackouts.
The 100MW/129MWh battery array will be used partially to “time shift” the delivery of wind power from Hornsdale, but most of it is dedicated to helping stabilise the grid and keeping the lights on in case of a major disruption like last year's storm that led to the “system black.” (See this explainer).
“The interconnection agreement has been approved by AEMO and has just been signed this afternoon by Electranet,” Tesla said in a statement issued as Musk took to the stage, hours after he had outlined his visions for space travel to the moon, to Mars, and even between continents on Earth.
“Tesla and Neoen now have 100 days to complete the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world,” the company said.
“It will help solve power outages, reduce intermittencies and manage summertime peak load to support the reliability of South Australia's electrical infrastructure, providing enough power for more than 30,000 homes—approximately equal to the amount of homes that lost power during the blackout period last year.”
Tesla and Neoen said the battery array will help solve power outages, reduce intermittencies and manage summertime peak load to support the reliability of South Australia's electrical infrastructure.
“These Powerpacks were manufactured at the Gigafactory in Sparks, Nevada, U.S.A.
“Our Gigafactory will ultimately have more battery production capacity than the rest of the world combined, helping Tesla to achieve high economies of scale, leading to the lowest cost-per-kilowatt in the world, allowing us to deliver our products globally.”
Listen to our Energy Insiders podcast, with special guest Franck Woitiez, the head of Neoen Australia, which actually owns and will operate the South Australia big battery.
Lisa Quinn was so shocked to see the ''dramatic deterioration'' in her mother she had to leave the hospital room, the Napier District Court has heard.
Her sister Jo-Ann Quinn, 51, was the sole caregiver of their mother Maureen and is on trial for failing to provide the necessaries of life.
The 82-year-old had been left on the couch for three years. The fibres of the blanket covering her had grown into a leg ulcer infested with maggots, when medical staff were called to the house on November 15, 2011.
Quinn claimed it was the first time she had noticed the maggots.Her mother's face was stained blue from the couch and her left toenails were so long that her right leg had become embedded on them.
She was wearing nappies, and appeared not to have showered for some time.
She died 36 days later of pneumonia.
Maureen Quinn had existing heart trouble, type 2 diabetes and osteoporosis, and relied on her daughter's care.
Crown prosecutor Steve Manning said Quinn endangered her mother's life because she did not seek timely medical care.
Quinn claims her mother was difficult and she was adhering to her wishes by not seeking medical help.
Quinn's younger sister Lisa Quinn realised something was wrong when her mother started crying in pain on the phone.
Her mother resisted medical care because she did not like a ''fuss'' but she was not one to cry either.
She told her sister to ring a doctor and arranged a flight across the Tasman to see her mother.
It was dreadful seeing the dramatic deterioration, she told the court.
"I had to leave the hospital room."
Her sister had cared for their mother since 2006 and lived off her pension.
Lisa Quinn said her mother was happy on the couch and did not like people touching her because of the pain.
"She was a very independent lady and she wanted to die at home."
She was ''skin and bones'', dehydrated and malnourished when she arrived at Hawke's Bay Hospital, chief medical officer John Gommans said.
Medical staff gave her three litres of fluid in the first few hours of her arriving at the emergency department. It was not done lightly, as too much fluid could cause heart failure, Gommans said.
"The pain, fractures, medical conditions, maggots, wounds and impact it had on staff, was stunning."
Maureen Quinn was last admitted to hospital in 2006, lawyer Matt Dixon said. At that time she told doctors she found it difficult to move and used a bucket as a toilet.
Gommans acknowledged he identified her needs as chronic in 2006, under cross-examination. But Maureen Quinn refused hospital-based care and was resistant to home help.
She was "markedly worse" in 2011, Gommans said.
Dixon suggested that tissue loss was consistent with ageing, especially to people who were bed-bound.
Gommans said mild muscle wastage was to be expected but this was "profound"."I've seen fat bed-bound people, it depends on how much food they get."
Judge Jonathan Down will give his decision on the judge-only trial tomorrow.
⁠Not all comparison sites are created equal. You won't find another quite like us - here's why.
Did you know? GoCompare was the first comparison site to focus on showing product features as well as prices
We're the only price comparison site with BIBA membership
We're authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
We'll give you the information you need, completely unbiased
Fighting your corner shapes everything we do, all the time.
We hope you'll choose to buy through us when you pick your insurance and financial products, but as long as we've helped you choose the right ones for you, we're happy.
We make money, but we don't make it from you. We'll never add fees or commissions to the prices you see on our site and you won't find deals cheaper by going direct.
We don't have favourites either. Our service is unbiased and our site is ad-free.
Need more proof? We're authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and we're the only site of our kind that has British Insurance Brokers' Association (BIBA) membership.
Need help? We're here to answer any questions you might have. Read our FAQs
We'll help you find the right products - less time, less hassle
Insurance and finance can be a snooze-fest. Luckily, we're insomniacs.
GoCompare has one simple aim: making sure you get exactly what you need with less hassle, less time and less money.
Think of us as enthusiasts - we're bang into insurance, energy, broadband, phone bills and personal finance, so you don't have to be.
Our mission is to help you get exactly what you need, so you keep more money in your wallet and more hours in your day.
We'll never sell your data. Ever
Your data is yours to keep and we've no interest in making it anyone else's business - 'nuff said.
Online reviews posted by consumers on sites like Yelp, TripAdvisor, Google, etc. have the unique ability to influence consumer behavior and purchase decisions. The latest research shows that:
With numbers like these, it makes total sense that smart brands and businesses are leveraging reviews to gain a competitive edge. They're:
Listening closely to customer feedback on online review sites;
on online review sites; Responding actively to what customers are saying;
to what customers are saying; Analyzing review data to improve the customer experience;
to improve the customer experience; And generating positive new reviews to engage audiences and build reputation.
Wrote the New York Times' Matt Richtel: “(The) wealth of information and user reviews is causing a fundamental shift in how consumers make decisions.”
The shift that reviews are causing can be felt on the business side of things, too. It's become part of the modern marketing mix. These days, it's not uncommon to see “review management” as an operative phrase in everything from corporate strategies and brand books to customer experience management processes and SEO campaigns.
The latest TripAdvisor TripBarometer study identified reputation and review management as the 2nd most important investment priority for the surveyed local businesses. Furthermore, 83 percent of marketing experts and SEO professionals agree that review management efforts “absolutely” deliver good return on investmgent.
“(Review) and reputation management has a very positive impact on the fortunes of a local business,” wrote Search Engine Land's Myles Anderson in an analysis. “The obvious benefits are improved ranking and higher conversion, but there are some less immediate benefits (such as impact on behavioral signals, which have a growing impact on local ranking)… and any edge that a business can get on its competitors is one worth driving after.”
In short: great reviews = positive impact on your bottom line.
The growing problem of fake reviews
It's not always a fair game, though. Some companies have attempted to exploit the review revolution by manufacturing a 5-star reputation for themselves – in ways that can be described as unscrupulous. They're:
Posting fake positive reviews of their business on sites where (they think) they could get away with it;
Posting fake negative reviews of the businesses that they compete with;
Hiring writers – from Bangladesh, India, the Philippines, among others – to generate these fake reviews under unique IP addresses;
“Incentivizing” reviews, or giving cash / other forms of rewards to customers who post positive reviews;
Or implementing measures to prevent / censor negative reviews, through penalties and non-disparagement clauses.
Read MORE: Florida Apartment Complex: Write a Bad Review, We Fine You $10,000
According to Gartner, an estimated 10 to 15 percent of all reviews were fake or paid for in 2014.
“For the service companies,” wrote NY Times tech reporter David Streitfeld, “buying reviews seems a shortcut to the better reputation they are unlikely to achieve on their own.”
Regulators and the legal departments of review sites have cracked down on brands and businesses that are faking it until they make it. But the problem of fraudulent reviews is still on the rise. Here are some notable examples:
A chef in the UK was exposed as the author of a number of online reviews that bashed competing restaurants on TripAdvisor.
Yelp sued a bankruptcy and foreclosure defense law firm for giving itself 5-star reviews on the site.
The FTC penalized an auto shipment broker for misrepresenting its reputation and giving $50 discounts to customers who post online reviews.
MORE businesses caught red-handed: “Shamed After Posting Fake Online Reviews”
As you can see in the examples above, reasons for posting fake reviews vary. But it undermines the trust that consumers place on user-generated reviews, while also hurting brands and businesses that play by the rules.
Not-so-genuine reviews on TripAdvisor
For many businesses, Yelp is an easy target (and not least because of its massive popularity), but travel site TripAdvisor has also had its fair share of struggles in combating phony reviews.
Late last year, Italian regulators slapped a $610,000 fine on TripAdvisor for being unable to help users determine which reviews on its site were genuine and which ones weren't.
Hoteliers and hospitality businesses listed on TripAdvisor also complained of being blackmailed on the site, with customers threatening to leave one-star ratings and negative comments if their demand for a free meal, a service upgrade, or some other special privilege was not met.
Said CNET's Chris Matyszczyk: “Hotels and restaurants are often in fear of the one negative review that will be shared and reshared until it somehow becomes definitive.”
#noreceiptnoreview: Twitter campaign aims to combat fake reviews on TripAdvisor
This week, local businesses and consumers alike are teaming up to put an end to the problem of fake reviews on TripAdvisor.
Led by anonymous restaurant inspector @EaterWriter (“TomEats”) and restaurant critic Jay Rayner, a Twitter campaign under the hashtag #noreceiptnoreview was launched, calling for TripAdvisor to implement a new verification method by requiring users to provide a scanned receipt before being given the ability to post a review. That way, Rayner said, TripAdvisor can more effectively weed out the fakes and restore the trust that consumers place on online review sites.
The campaign on Twitter comes on the heels of Amazon's announcement that it would sue more than 1,000 people who have offered to write fake reviews for businesses in exchange for a fee.
Said Rayner: “TripAdvisor have admitted they have a problem with fake reviews, and if you have a business model that functions on trust, then you need to do something to protect that.”
Seen a TripAdvisor non-review that you suspect is fiction? Tweet link with this letter & #NoReceiptNoReview hashtag pic.twitter.com/akPANx4Gn9 — TomEats (@EaterWriter) October 22, 2015
The #noreceiptnoreview reminds me of a @GeorgeMonbiot article from years ago where he warned of the dangers of anonymity online. — Declan Walsh (@declanw) October 24, 2015
Indeed they do. So why don't you introduce a system which means we KNOW they're genuine customers? https://t.co/T9ZoiWxtQI — Jay Rayner (@jayrayner1) October 19, 2015
I've stopped using @TripAdvisor because I believe half of it's fraudulent. 100% behind this #noreceiptnoreview https://t.co/iTWSNVkGzx — Rebecca Humphries (@Beckshumps) October 18, 2015
Restaurateurs, food writers, and consumers have all expressed support for the Twitter campaign, demanding a more thorough and reliable vetting process for reviews. After all, there is no substitute for real, authentic public feedback – regardless of whether it's positive or negative – about the customer experience. Consumers rely on this feedback to make decisions, and businesses use it to make performance improvements.
So far, however, TripAdvisor hasn't warmed up to the whole #noreceiptnoreview idea. Speaking to the Guardian, a company spokesperson said, “We believe that every experience counts, not just that of the person who paid the bill. If four friends go out to dinner there will be four different opinions, but only the one person with the receipt would be able to leave a review.”
Has your business been affected by fake reviews? If so, how did you deal with the problem? Share your thoughts in the comment section below.
News4's Jackie Bensen reports on the search for two persons of interest in connection with an alleged abduction attempt March 3 at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum in D.C. (Published Tuesday, March 15, 2016)
A man tried to abduct a child from the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum earlier this month, according to U.S. Park Police.
A group was leaving through the north entrance of the museum March 3 when a man grabbed the hand of the child, police said. After he walked a few steps with the child, one of the chaperones noticed and yelled at him to leave the child alone, authorities said.
The man is believed to have boarded a white shuttle bus in the 600 block of Jefferson Drive SW.
On Tuesday, police released two videos showing two men they want the public to help identify. The men were seen talking to each other inside the museum.
VIDEO: 2 Persons of Interest in Kidnap Attempt
Police are seeking two persons of interest after an attempted abduction at the National Air and Space Museum on March 3. Police say that as a group was leaving the museum, a man grabbed the hand of one of the children in the group. (Published Tuesday, March 15, 2016)
"The first man had dark hair, but witnesses describe it as dark hair with light roots, like it was dyed," Park Police Sgt. Anna Rose said. "He had what is described as an Eastern European accent. The second man was older, heavier, and had white or gray hair."
The surveillance images have a strong resemblance to a similar incident last month at the Richmond Science Center in Virginia. A 9-year-old girl said a stranger touched her, News4's Jackie Bensen reported. Police described the contact as inappropriate.
Police are asking any bus companies that had a dropoff or pickup between 10 a.m. and 11 a.m. on March 3 to call police. If you have any information regarding this incident, call the U.S. Park Police 202-610-8737 and reference case number 16-19402. You may also submit a tip via the U.S. Park Police website and may remain anonymous.
Italian striker Gabbiadini last night completed a deadline-day switch from Napoli, signing a four-and-a-half-year deal at St Mary's.
He explained that former Saints forward Pellè, who played for the club from 2014 until 2016, had helped persuade him that the south coast would be a good fit.
Asked what had attracted him to the club, Gabbiadini said: "The great determination that Southampton had to purchase me from day one, and all the things that Graziano Pellè, who was my former teammate in the national team, told me about Southampton.
"I spoke a lot of times with him in the national team and he suggested to me that it was a place to absolutely come and he's happy for me now that I have made this decision.”
Gabbiadini was keen not to speak too much about his own qualities, though, instead explaining that he wants his work on the pitch to do the talking for him.
"I would rather not speak about myself, because I am not in the habit of talking about my qualities, so I would prefer that it will be on the basis of seeing me on the pitch that the fans will judge me,” he said.
Co-producers create videos in the local language according to the Easy Languages guidelines. They are strongly supported by the Easy Languages Network, e.g. through multimedia training or assistance in finding sources of funding. Co-producers receive 70% of the ad revenue that their videos earn on the Easy Languages YouTube channel.
HOW TO GET STARTED?
First of all: becoming a co-producer is easy. Many of our current co-producers started with no equipment and no experience. You can do it too!
Ask yourself these three questions:
Are you eager to learn?
No prior experience is necessary, but you do need to be interested in learning how to produce videos in order for the experience to become fun. Consider it skills advancement: Whatever you learn while working with us on this project will come in handy for future endeavors. Knowledge of video production and comfort in expressing yourself in the digital world are important tools that you can use in your personal and professional life. Do I have the time to contribute?
Producing one or two episodes is fun. Creating them on a regular basis is time-intensive. You have to ask yourself whether you're willing to invest the time and personal effort for this project. Don't be intimidated or disheartened; we'll be delighted to get even just one video from you! Do you have people to help you?
Things are easier accomplished with a team behind you. Since you can't stand behind the camera and interview people at the same time, you have to ask the help of someone to either do camera duties or do the interviewing. Know anyone who is a videography enthusiast? Good friends with someone with a bubbly personality and is a natural in front of the camera? Pals with a language freak—or a polyglot—who would enjoy translating things for you? Sure, you can do all these by yourself, but nothing beats a team with complementary skills to get the job done faster and better.
HOW TO CHOOSE YOUR EQUIPMENT
First step is choosing your equipment. You need two things:
1. A video camera: Basically any video camera will do! Obviously, the better the recording quality, the better the look of the resulting video. If possible try to find one that can record in full High Definition (HD). 2. A microphone: You need an external microphone to record audio that's most suitable for the Easy Languages format. You can use a relatively inexpensive handheld recorder, like the Zoom H1. You have to synchronize the audio with the equivalent video in postproduction, however. Alternatively, a cable or radio microphone that records directly to your video camera works just as well.
Watch this video to see what equipment other co-producers of Easy Languages use.
HOW TO FUND MY EQUIPMENT?
In general we ask our co-producers to fund their equipment themselves. Consider this as an investment: Sooner or later you should be able to earn enough through YouTube to recoup some (or all!) the money you put into the purchase of equipment. In addition, you invest furthering your skills, by consistently producing videos and improving as you go along. Once you have a healthy portfolio full of videos, go ahead and use it to market yourself and what you are able to do. The Easy Languages team does not guarantee any funding to purchase equipment in line with the project. We are, however, more than happy to assist in identifying sources of possible funding, both private and public.
HOW DO I LEARN HOW TO SHOOT AND EDIT VIDEOS?
Many of our co-producers self-studied and improved their craft on their own! YouTube has tons of tutorials that cover almost every commercially available video-editing software in the market. We're happy to give you tips and tricks on how to shoot and handle the camera and avoid the common mistakes that first-time co-producers may make in the Tutorials section of our channel. Remember that you may not need to watch all of the tutorials—look through the entire playlist and view those relevant to what you have. Also, don't get scared: Things look much more difficult in the beginning than they really are. Producing videos is easy, not to mention gratifying, and we have nothing but encouragement for you.
Apart from regularly producing new video tutorials we also offer online training via Skype or Google Hangout to our co-producers.
SOUNDS ALL INTERESTING – WHERE DO I START?
Raring to go? Contact us at info(at)easy-languages.org. We can't wait to work with you.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency of the United States government, created by Congressional statute (see 47 U.S.C. § 151 and 47 U.S.C. § 154) to regulate interstate communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. The FCC works towards six goals in the areas of broadband, competition, the spectrum, the media, public safety and homeland security, and modernizing itself.[4] Click to expand...
DISCLAIMER: Everything in here is my interpretation of the information I found. If I'm wrong, please correct me.UPDATE:ANATEL - the equivalent to the FCC in Brazil is not so strict when it comes to NDAs of Photos:Note the different numbers in the document and photo.END OF UPDATEWhat is the FCC? I will quote WikipediaBasically every device that includes wireless data transmission technology and that is going to be sold to the public in the US must be approved by the FCC.Now to the meat of the thread.Microsoft is just testing the wireless chip for FCC approval. (See modular approval request)The console itself is called the "Host".Each FCC filing has Exhibits including the label location, test photos, manuals etc...The applicant can choose to NOT make certain information public by the FCC which mostly includes photos, manuals and drawings of the device.This will be important later.(C3K is the unique identifier for Microsoft and 1525 the model number)you can see it's Xbox One:- by opening the attached user manual for the Host that carries the wireless chip --> https://fccid.io/document.php?id=1994252 - by looking on the bottom of your Xbox One - you will find the FCC ID 1525--> https://fccid.io/C3K1682 --> https://fccid.io/C3K1683 Not if we check the Exhibits for those two models we can see that modelincludes a document namedwhich is not yet available and thus under NDA but the name gives away that this is basically a new Xbox One which will use the safety information manual from the OG Xbox One ( https://fccid.io/document.php?id=1994252 - the NDA expires June 25 which means we will probably see a surprise release during E3Modelhas the same wireless chip tested but the NDA expires late in July 29 and has it's own host manual linked but not the 1525 reference. Also there are quite some more Exhibits available here which makes me think this is the rumored Xbox Next or whatever it is called.Also compare the label placements between OG Xbox One and 2 new filings.I also tried to compare the test reports but a lot of results are missing in the 1682 model results.TL;DR: FCC Filings show 2 consoles tested using the same WiFi chip where one is referencing the manual of the Xbox One and the other one not. (+ different expiry dates for attachments)
This is absolutely disgusting. After an unidentified transwoman tried to use the bathroom at a Baltimore McDonald's, two patrons started attacking her in full view of other customers and employees. What did the employees do? They filmed it on their phones.
While you can see the manager yelling stop at the two women attacking the customer, none of the other employees even try to intervene or keep the women from dragging the victim across the restaurant floor. Instead, it's the elderly female customer that seems to do the most to help. The manager and employees simply watch as the victim starts to have a seizure and offer no help whatsoever.
You can let McDonald's know how you feel about their employees reprehensible actions - especially since they filmed it and promptly put it on the internet to degrade the victim further.
The video is after the jump. Trigger Warning: The video is extremely violent.
UPDATE: County police have confirmed that the attack happened April 18 at a McDonald's in Rosedale, in the 6300 block of Kenwood Ave. Two suspects have been arrested. Details after the jump.
SALT LAKE CITY — Rep. Jason Chaffetz said Tuesday he has already taken on President Donald Trump's administration on four issues, but believes the question of potential Russian influence is best handled by another congressional committee.
Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said "the Russia connection" is already being examined by the House Intelligence Committee, "and I think they're best situated to handle that information."
Speaking to the Deseret News and KSL editorial boards, the Utah Republican who represents the 3rd District also discussed his raucous town hall meeting earlier this month, describing most of the participants as Utahns.
The crowd that filled the Brighton High School auditorium raised questions about why Chaffetz was not pursuing the Republican president more aggressively, as have Democrats, given his ongoing investigations into Trump's Democratic opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
"I just want people to look at the facts. They try to say Congress isn't looking at (Trump ties to Russia), that's just factually inaccurate. The intel committee has been looking at this for a long time," he said, acknowledging he has been "very aggressive" on Clinton.
"I only did that after four Americans were killed in Benghazi," Chaffetz said, referring to the 2012 attack on a U.S. government compound that left a U.S. ambassador and others dead, and following a referral made to the FBI about Clinton's use of a private email server.
"I didn't start off by going on a fishing trip," he said of investigating Clinton, calling it "laughable" that Democrats began pushing for probes even before Trump was sworn in, including for the release of the president's tax returns — something not mandated by law.
The congressman, who said before the election that he had "years of material" to investigate on Clinton, said she remains under investigation by multiple entities, including the State Department, and many documents have yet to be released.
"I didn't start the investigation of Hillary Clinton because of a political election, and I'm not going to end it because of a political election," Chaffetz said, calling it "absolutely, totally false" to view it as politically motivated.
As for concerns about a Trump-Russia connection, Chaffetz said the intelligence committee, which has special clearance, "has taken the lead on that and will continue to lead out on that. I'm keenly interested in it."
But, he said, "every investigation that happens in Congress doesn't necessary go through my committee. I usually get involved in most of them, but as it relates to a nation-state and what they may or may not be doing, you really need to dive into sources and methods, CIA, NSA, other clandestine-type of operations."
University of Utah political science professor Matthew Burbank said Republicans in Congress, including Chaffetz, aren't going to treat the new president the same way they did Clinton, even though they can't ignore the issues surrounding Trump.
"My sense of what he's going to do at this point in terms of investigating the Trump administration is he's going to tread very lightly," Burbank said of Chaffetz. "I strongly suspect the message he's getting is, 'If you have to do something, make it minimal.'"
The issues he has gotten involved in, Chaffetz said, are the ongoing probe into Trump's federal contract to operate the Trump Hotel in Washington, D.C., in a former post office building and referring Kellyanne Conway, White House counselor, to the Office of Government Ethics for promoting Ivanka Trump's products.
Chaffetz noted he has also called for a Department of Justice investigation into what he termed the "mishandling" of classified information related to news reports about Trump's now former national security adviser Michael Flynn's ties to Russia, as well as a look into fees Flynn received for one or more speeches in Russia.
Asked about whether he believed there were paid agitators at his town hall meeting, an issue he had raised afterward, Chaffetz said Tuesday: "The overwhelming majority of people were Utahns and they weren't paid. Were there some paid components to it? Yeah, I'm convinced there were."
The congressman said he did not know if they were behind the friction that surfaced at the meeting, "but certainly ginning it up and getting it to the point where it became what it became when we started, I think so."
Utah Democratic Party Chairman Peter Corroon said the frustration can't be ignored.
"In Utah, I think we're seeing a large groundswell of people who are angry with Congressman Chaffetz. I certainly hear it from the Democratic side. I think there is some dissatisfaction on the independent and Republican side," Corroon said.
The Democratic leader said even though the party typically has trouble recruiting candidates, he's suddenly "getting a lot of calls from people who want to run against Congressman Chaffetz" next year.
Labour cites figures in attack on coalition for ‘abandonment' of 16- to 24-year-olds from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds to joblessness
The number of young people from ethnic minority backgrounds who have been unemployed for more than a year has risen by almost 50% since the coalition came to power, according to figures released by the Labour party.
There are now 41,000 16- to 24-year-olds from black, asian and minority ethnic [BAME] communities who are long-term unemployed – a 49% rise from 2010, according to an analysis of official figures by the House of Commons Library.
At the same time, there was a fall of 1% in overall long-term youth unemployment and a 2% fall among young white people.
Labour described the findings as shameful and accused the coalition of abandoning an already marginalised group of young people.
“These figures are astonishing,” said the shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan. “At a time where general unemployment is going down and employment is going up, it is doing the reverse for this group… we have got a generation that is being thrown on the scrapheap, and what compounds it is that a disproportionate number are black, asian, minority ethnic.”
Labour said the government was paying the price for abandoning many of the measures introduced by the previous government to tackle disadvantage in BME communities – including equality impact assessments. It said the coalition's work programme had concentrated on the “low-hanging fruit” in the job market instead of trying to help those in more challenging circumstances.
It seems a generation of young black men – it is sometimes women – are being cast aside to the detriment of us all Simon Woolley
“This is going to lead to problems for years to come,” said Khan. “How can we tackle issues around lack of BAME people in the judiciary, civil service or the boardroom if they can't even get a job as a young person? We are stopping a generation fulfilling their potential and that is not just a problem for them as individuals or their wider families, it is a problem for all of us.”
The Conservatives did not dispute the figures but challenged Labour's record on BAME employment.
“Labour crashed the economy and put everyone's financial security at risk, with the number of unemployed BAME people doubling last time they were in power,” a spokesman said. According to ONS figures cited by the Tories, the number of BAME people who were unemployed rose from from 192,000 in 2001 to 405,000 in 2010.
The spokesman added that there were now more people in work than ever, including “over half a million more members of the BAME community enjoying the security of a regular wage”.
The Conservatives said the latest ONS figures showed there were 129,000 more people from BME backgrounds in work compared with the same time last year, with the total number at a near-record high of more than 3 million.
“The job is not done – that's why we need to stick with our plan at this crucial election and not risk the chaos of the alternatives,” the spokesman said.
But Simon Woolley from Operation Black Vote said the long-term unemployment figures underlined the “race penalty” facing young people from BAME communities.
“It is absolutely critical that political parties have a plan to address this shocking statistic because at the moment it seems as though a generation of young black men – and it is often men and sometimes women – are being cast aside and it is to the detriment of us all.”
The figures on long-term youth unemployment have been released before the launch of Labour's “BAME manifesto” on Wednesday, which sets out the party's approach to race equality.
The shadow work and pensions secretary, Rachel Reeves, said the 49% rise revealed “the Tory plan is failing”.
“It is a huge waste of the next generation's skills, potential and talent and it comes at a huge cost to young black and minority-ethnic people, their families, taxpayers and the economy.”
She said Labour's compulsory jobs guarantee would “offer a paid starter job to every young person who's been claiming jobseeker's allowance for over a year, work they'd have to take or risk losing benefits.”
The battle for the ethnic minority and migrant vote is likely to be intense in the weeks running up to May's election. Earlier this year, it emerged that a record number of people who were born outside the UK will be able to vote in this year's general election and are likely to hold the balance of power in several key constituencies, including two where more than 50% of those eligible to vote were born abroad.
The shadow equalities minister, Gloria de Piero, said: “The government's failure to get to grips with BAME youth unemployment shows their complacency towards Britain's ethnic-minority communities. Ethnic-minority Britons have been hit hard by the cost-of-living crisis and many communities are really struggling.”
FAIRFIELD, Ohio — Officials in southwest Ohio say a 53-year-old man performing maintenance work at a bowling alley became trapped in the pin-setting machinery and died.
The Cincinnati Enquirer reports the worker at Northwest Lanes bowling alley in Fairfield died when his clothes became tangled.
WCPO Cincinnati identified the man as David Geiger.
“He was sent back for a problem with one of the lanes,” Fairfield Police Department's information officer Doug Day told the ABC affiliate. “He'd been back there, they tried to call him, and when he didn't answer the call they went back there and they found him.
Police say it wasn't clear if the man had been strangled or crushed by the machinery.
The Hamilton-Middletown Journal-News reports the Butler County Coroner had been called to the scene on reports the man had suffered major trauma.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration sent an investigator. Agency officials said they haven't had any previous investigations at the bowling alley, which has been in operation since 1976.
With files from National Post staff
A few weeks ago we shared a Steemit article on Twitter by a developer from the community who was working on a Swift-SDK, detailing his experience building a light wallet. Today the fruits of those efforts have been revealed in another Steemit article, with the announcement of the O3 (pronounced “Ozone”) iOS wallet.
O3 will be the first NEO wallet available on the iOS platform. It embraces a hot and cold wallet design philosophy, allowing the user to store the hot wallet private key on the device for every day access, whilst providing the ability to monitor cold wallets in a read only capacity. This gives the user full visibility of all their NEO assets, and minimises the risk that carrying an entire portfolio on a single device entails. Sending transactions and viewing private keys will both require the user to be authenticated by TouchID or PIN code.
Previews of the O3 show the app following the new iOS 11 design guidelines and a clean, stock app like UI. The developer plans to support additional assets and tokens that are added to the NEO ecosystem.
O3 intends to release the beta version in around a week's time and is looking for NEO investors who are interested in participating in beta testing. If this is you, you can register your interest at https://o3.network.
O3 is open source. Developers are encouraged to audit the code, which can be found at https://github.com/CityOfZion/neo-swift.
You can read the full Steemit article discussing all the O3 features at this link – https://steemit.com/neo/@saltyskip/introducing-the-o3-wallet
Pakistan has suspended peace talks with Pakistani Taliban after attacks against the military by the armed group, the country's the interior minister said.
"We have decided not to go ahead with talks for now," Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, Pakistani interior minister, told local media in the capital of Islamabad on Thursday.
The decision came hours after Pakistani fighter jets had bombed suspected Taliban hideouts in a tribal area on the Afghan border, killing at least 15 people, security officials said.
"Forces have the right to retaliate in self-defence and they will exercise that." the interior minister said.
Talks break down
The administration of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, who came to power last year promising to find a negotiated peace with the Taliban, has been trying to engage the group in talks.
But as the talks broke down this week, the air strikes may herald a broader military offensive in North Waziristan, a region where many armed groups are based.
The army publicly supports Sharif's call for talks but, in private, senior officers have expressed frustration, giving rise to talk that the military was waiting for an excuse to mount an armed operation.
The air strikes, launched in the morning, also came just hours after Pakistan's army said more than 100 soldiers had been killed by Taliban fighters in the past five months, a rare admission of mass casualties.
Twenty years ago, no one in the United States could claim a right to “physician aid in dying” (also called “physician-assisted suicide”). Today, more than 52 million Americans can.
On June 9, California became the fifth state to permit its terminally ill residents to obtain a prescription for a lethal dose of medication, as the End of Life Option Act, which the state legislature passed in late 2015, went into effect. Now, with their physicians' help, patients in California can minimize their suffering at the end of life by hastening their time of death.
Recognition of a right to aid in dying began slowly.
Indeed, early efforts to legalize the practice failed. Residents of Washington state in 1991 and California in 1992 voted against aid in dying when referenda were placed on the ballot. And in 1997, the Supreme Court rejected a constitutional right to aid in dying. While in that same year Oregon became the first state to allow aid in dying, no other state followed suit for more than a decade.
But by 2008, support for aid in dying had grown significantly. Since then, Washington, Montana, Vermont and California have all changed their laws, and we can expect other states to do so in the coming years.
So why have Americans become more receptive to a practice that was rejected throughout the United States until Oregon changed course? Indeed, why did the California legislature pass an aid-in-dying law in 2015 when its voters opposed aid in dying in the 1992 referendum?
Learning from experience
When aid-in-dying advocates drafted Oregon's law (first passed in 1994 but delayed by legal challenges until 1997), they made a number of important changes to the earlier unsuccessful proposals in Washington and California.
In a key departure from those proposals, drafters in Oregon did not include a right to euthanasia, which would have allowed doctors to inject a lethal dose of medication into aid-in-dying patients. While physicians can give their terminally ill patients a prescription for a lethal dose of medication, they cannot administer the dose themselves.
The Oregon law also added several requirements to ensure that patients would make an informed and voluntary choice when they exercised their aid-in-dying right.
For example, rather than simply saying that patients have to repeat their request for aid in dying to their physician, as was proposed in the 1992 California referendum, Oregon requires patients to express their wishes multiple times over a 15-day period.
Other states looked to Oregon's model
Once other states saw that Oregon had developed an aid-in-dying law with strong safeguards and that aid in dying could be implemented without evidence of abuse, a right to aid in dying became more attractive.
Most of the states that have recognized such a right closely follow Oregon's approach. The exception is Montana, where the right to aid in dying resulted from a decision by the state Supreme Court. The court did not include the detailed rules seen in Oregon, Washington, Vermont and California, whose aid-in-dying laws were passed through public referenda or legislative action.
Oregon's track record was especially important for other states. When the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a constitutional right to aid in dying in 1997, the justices observed that many people were worried about the experience with euthanasia in the Netherlands, and there was no experience with aid in dying in the United States to provide reassurance. But later states had a decade or more of data from Oregon before they enacted their laws.
While the laws include a number of safeguards, three are particularly important. Indeed, all five states that have legalized aid in dying include each of the three safeguards.
1. Patients must be terminally ill
Aid in dying is not available until a person has become “terminally ill,” which typically means having a life expectancy of no more than six months, even with aggressive medical care. Thus, in Oregon, almost 80 percent of aid-in-dying patients have a cancer that has become untreatable.
California, Oregon, Vermont and Washington all define terminal illness in terms of a six-month life expectancy, while under Montana aid-in-dying law, one is terminally ill when death is expected “within a relatively short time.”
This stands in contrast to the Netherlands and Belgium, where aid in dying is available to persons who are not terminally ill. In those countries, there is real concern that aid in dying has been used by patients who needed psychological counseling or other treatments that might have restored their desire to continue living.
2. Patients must be mentally competent adults
Aid in dying is not an option for children, persons with dementia or anyone else who lacks the mental capacity necessary to make medical decisions. Aid-in-dying patients must be able to decide for themselves about their medical care, and they must reaffirm their desire for aid in dying over an extended waiting period. As in Oregon, aid-in-dying laws in California, Washington and Vermont require patients to express their wishes multiple times during a 15-day stretch.
Aid-in-dying laws in those four states also require two physicians to determine that the patient can make medical decisions, is acting voluntarily and has made an informed choice of aid in dying. In addition, if either physician finds any evidence of a mental disorder, the doctor must refer the patient for evaluation by a mental health specialist. As a result, we have not seen aid in dying in the United States being practiced on patients against their will, without their knowledge or because their families made the choice for them.
3. Aid in dying is not euthanasia
Critically, aid-in-dying patients must perform the life-ending act themselves. Family members or friends can help prepare the lethal drink (typically the prescription medication dissolved in water), but the patients must ingest the drink on their own. No one can do it for them, nor can physicians or other persons inject a lethal drug into an aid-in-dying patient.
By requiring the patient to perform the life-ending act themselves, states can prevent aid in dying from being performed by someone else without the patient's consent. Whether to bring about death remains under the patient's control until the very end.
Experience elsewhere illustrates the importance of a distinction between aid in dying and euthanasia. Much of the controversy about end-of-life practices in the Netherlands reflects concerns that euthanasia is performed inappropriately on children or adults who cannot make their own medical decisions.
Aid in dying is safe, legal and rare
All of the safeguards have ensured that aid in dying remains a safe and rare event.
After nearly 20 years of legalization in Oregon, aid in dying accounts for less than one-half of one percent of deaths in the state. In addition, aid in dying has not put patients who are minority, uninsured or uneducated at risk. The typical aid-in-dying patient is white, insured and well-educated.
For many patients, a right to aid in dying provides comfort even when not fully exercised. Among patients in Oregon who have received a prescription since 1997, about 35 percent died without taking the medication. Those patients benefited from knowing that they had the option to take the pills if their suffering became intolerable, relieving them of the psychological stress that can accompany the prospect that one's terminal illness will impose even greater suffering.
Allowing aid in dying seems much more like letting seriously ill patients refuse ventilators or other life-sustaining treatment than letting depressed persons choose suicide.
Just as usual end-of-life laws allow patients to bring an end to the dying process by declining chemotherapy, dialysis, and feeding tubes, so aid-in-dying laws allow patients to bring an end to the dying process by taking a lethal dose of drugs. But aid-in-dying laws do not extend their rights to people who might want to end their lives because of psychological distress.
With their important safeguards, aid-in-dying laws have helped to die persons minimize their suffering while protecting against a slide down the slippery slope toward abuse.
This rice is a staple in our house. We eat it so often and it wasn't until the other day that I realized it needed to be shared. It is simple yet full of flavor. I always keep these ingredients on hand to easily add Rice Pilaf to any dinner. Don't forget the lemon juice. It really brightens ups the rice. It can easily be double if needed.
Rice Pilaf pairs well with:
Grilled Chicken
Chicken Cordon Bleu
Chicken Bundles
Rice Pilaf
Ingredients:
2 tbsp. butter
2 Tbls onion, minced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup long-grain white rice
2 cups chicken broth
½ tsp. salt
½ tsp. pepper
Squeeze of lemon juice
Directions:
In a saucepan or skillet, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Add the onion, garlic and rice to the pan and cook until translucent and tender, about 3-4 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, the salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Simmer about 20 minutes. Stir the lemon juice and stir. Serve!
Fathers and Families has a disturbing piece in its recent newsletter on the gender bias in incarceration rates for child support obligations. Naturally, men are the sex discriminated against. One would think this would be common knowledge, of course, and maybe it is but no one but F & F and a few activists seems to care. From the newsletter:
A new report concludes that between 95% and 98.5% of all incarcerations in Massachusetts sentenced from the Massachusetts Probate and Family Courts from 2001 through 2011 have been men. Moreover, this percentage may be increasing, with an average of 94.5% from 2001 to 2008, and 96.2% from 2009 through 2011. It is likely that most of these incarcerations are for incomplete payment of child support. Further analysis suggests that women who fail to pay all of their child support are incarcerated only one-eighth as often as men with similar violations. Several possible explanations of these results other than gender bias are unsupported by the data, strengthening the view that gender bias against fathers is a major factor in the family courts.... Based on national data, if incarceration for non-payment of child support occurred at equal rates for men and women who are in arrears, 88% of those incarcerated would be men, not 95% to 98.5%, and 12% would be women (since 12% of those in arrears are women). If, as Brennan's report shows, as few as 1.5% of those incarcerated for non-payment of child support in Massachusetts are women, instead of the expected 12%, then women in arrears are incarcerated at a rate eight times less than their numbers warrant.
As Warren Farrell concludes in his book The Myth of Male Power, men are expendable. Perhaps that is why no one cares if men are thrown in jail at such a high rate for what should be considered a debt, not a criminal action. I thought we got rid of debtor's prisons in the US. Apparently, not for men and a few women who are caught up in the family court system where judges have easy reign to take away the rights of free citizens, sometimes without due process and certainly without mercy.
Are writers happy they became writers? Until someone conducts a survey—and I hope they will—it remains an open question. At the moment, it is at the heart of a quarrel between Elizabeth Gilbert and (indirectly) Philip Roth. It all started a few months ago, on the Paris Review Daily, when one Julian Tepper published a piece describing an encounter with Roth at an Upper West Side deli. Waiting on his hero's table, Tepper tremulously presented Roth with “Balls,” his first novel. Roth warmly congratulated him, and then offered: “I would quit while you're ahead. Really. It's an awful field. Just torture. Awful. You write and you write, and you have to throw almost all of it away because it's not any good. I would say just stop now. You don't want to do this to yourself. That's my advice to you.” Soon after this exchange, Roth announced that he'd quit writing. Apparently, he's never been happier. Affronted by Roth's advice to Tepper, Gilbert launched an earnest defense of the scribbling life, declaring that writing is a “fucking great” job. This is a classified piece of information, she claims, kept secret by vain, jealous older writers.
Some readers will share Gilbert's distaste for Roth's peevishness: Why would a writer as dedicated to literature and as accomplished as Roth speak so bitterly? Why must he insist on being so uninspiring, so ungenerous? Why must he damn the young? There may well have been something dodgy in Roth's naysaying, something potentially strategic, some sly counter-Oedipal scheme by an elder of American literature set on sabotaging any and all whippersnappers-in-waiting. It seems perfectly likely that Roth felt threatened by a younger writer whose first novel is called “Balls” (Roth told Tepper that he was surprised he hadn't thought of the title himself). Or maybe Roth sized up this waiter-writer as someone who might publish a creepily detailed account of his breakfast order on the blog of the Paris Review, as he indeed did. Roth was being cagey with the guy. Gilbert was right about that.
Still, it's hard not to be skeptical about Gilbert's optimism. Yes, she's got a quite a talent for optimism—she is, if you haven't heard, the author of the wildly best-selling memoir of self-discovery “Eat, Pray, Love.” But let's get real: writing is not a “fucking great” job. It does not attract happy people, nor does it make its unhappy practitioners any less unhappy. God knows this is a well-documented phenomenon—and one that Gilbert herself talks about. For writers who have found neither inner peace nor boatloads of cash, and certainly not both at once, for those just trying to get health insurance and scrape together some hope for the future, it feels somewhat inaccurate to hear the writing life described as having “everything to recommend it over real work.” And if telling stories is, as she puts it, “marvelously pointless”—a description that her own earnest readers would certainly deny—why does it matter whether or not a young writer is encouraged to keep at it? Go be a professional snowboarder—that's also marvelously pointless, and the parties are better.
I'm trying to agree with Gilbert when she celebrates writing for the way it allows you “get to live within the realm of your own mind.” But I know plenty of writers for whom living in their own mind is a far from pleasant experience. Writers are very often miserable people: some thrive on unhappiness, others don't. But few are immune from feelings of deep and avid dissatisfaction. We write because we are constantly discontented with almost everything, and need to use words to rearrange it, all of it, and set the record straight. That is why, for instance, Elizabeth Gilbert herself sat down to write her Roth call-out, and it's why I'm writing this. It's why the author of “Balls” wrote Roth a desperate apology letter in the Daily Beast. These are not the acts of contentment. And it's why Roth, like a recovering addict, is taking it day by day, trying hard not to write anything at all. Like Saul Bellow's Herzog—reclining on a couch at the end of that book, finally recovering from his fiendish letter-writing addiction—Roth has “no messages for anyone.”
Except that he does. His newest message, we are told, is: “Don't write. Get out while you can.” But what did he really mean by it? My guess is that he was joking. Which isn't to say that he wasn't serious. It was a serious joke. Roth's cranky advice for the young writer is an old Jewish chestnut. The sages of the Talmud offered the same piece of advice to anyone who wanted to join the faith: don't do it, it's seriously not worth it, it's just an objectively bad idea. The ancient rabbis suggest that you ask a potential convert, “Are you not aware that today the people of Israel are wretched, driven about, exiled and in constant suffering?” It's a rhetorical question. But if the person replies that he or she indeed embraces wretchedness and constant suffering, you explain to him or her how taxing it is to practice the religion. You mention the gruesome punishments for breaking the Sabbath and other laws. You try very hard to dissuade any would-be applicants. You mess with them—and that is how you welcome them. Joining, in other words, happens through a process of opposition, irony, and dissent. If you're going to join a messed-up club, you have to pass the messed-up entrance exam. You enter into the sect only when you push back, when you finally say, Listen, I don't care what you tell me. I know it's a bad idea, but I'm determined to do it, and I will do it.
That's the kind of person it takes to be a writer: someone who's zealous and ready to argue, someone who has Philip Roth tell him, “It's torture, don't do it,” and replies, “You had me at ‘torture.' ” You don't enter into it because it's a great lifestyle decision—it isn't—you do it because, for whatever reason, you believe in it, and you believe in it because, for whatever reason, you need to believe in it. Roth was messing with Tepper; he was testing his faith and strengthening it. He wanted the guy to earn the title: author of the novel “Balls.”
My guess is that Tepper was heartened to discover that even the great Roth, it turns out, hates his life. For struggling writers, wretches that they are, that is inspiring.
Avi Steinberg is the author of “Running the Books: The Adventures of an Accidental Prison Librarian,” and a frequent newyorker.com contributor. His new book on the Book of Mormon is forthcoming from Nan Talese.
Illustration by Andy Friedman.
PLANTATION, FLA. - From his days growing up in New York to when he moved to Manassas in middle school, Virginia Tech running back Ryan Williams was always a Miami fan.
The national championships, the alumni in the NFL, the swagger that came with "The U": It all intrigued him. And as Williams began to emerge as a sought-after football prospect at Stonewall Jackson High, he dreamed of becoming part of the tradition.
But Miami offered him a scholarship with the caveat that he would have to switch positions and become a wide receiver. The coaches said he was too small to play running back for the Hurricanes, and the slight forced Williams to accept a new reality in his feelings toward Miami.
Now, Williams said, the Hurricanes are not the power they once were, with the ability to get one prize recruit after another. "It's not the old U," Williams said this week. "They have the potential to get back to where they have been, but recruiting's changed since back then. . . . Now everyone's going every which way."
Williams ended up setting an ACC freshman rushing record at Virginia Tech in 2009, and he's one reason the Hokies will face Miami on Saturday with a chance to clinch a spot in the ACC championship game. A win by the Hurricanes would keep them in contention to win the Coastal Division, but few programs have contributed to Miami's fall from grace as much as Coach Frank Beamer and the Hokies.
Since 1995 - the first year Miami faced NCAA sanctions after winning four national championships between 1983 and 1991 - Virginia Tech has won 10 of the teams' 15 meetings, including five of the past seven. No other team has beaten the Hurricanes more during that span.
Hokies Coach Frank Beamer and defensive coordinator Bud Foster "always want this win, playing against these Miami guys," senior cornerback Rashad Carmichael said. "Everyone knows the U; I used to watch them. We know at any point of the game they could go off, make a big play just because of their style of play . . . and with the championship on the line, it makes it even better."
Added Miami Coach Randy Shannon, who was a starting linebacker when the Hurricanes won a national championship in 1987: "It's kind of a rivalry for us even though people may not think about it. We've been playing Virginia Tech for years."
The two teams have played every season since 1992, a result of both joining the Big East together in 1991 and then moving to the ACC in 2004. And in the past decade, they've had some memorable encounters.
In 2001, Virginia Tech wide receiver Ernest Wilford dropped a two-point conversion that allowed Miami to escape with a 26-24 victory and eventually win a fifth national championship. Three years later, the two teams met with a conference title on the line and the Hokies emerged with a 16-10 victory and their first-ever ACC championship.
In 2005, Virginia Tech entered its battle with the Hurricanes ranked No. 3 in the country with an 8-0 record and had thoughts of its own national championship. But Miami romped to a 27-7 win. Last year, the Hokies returned the favor when the Hurricanes came to Blacksburg with a No. 9 ranking. With plenty of early-season chatter about the return of "The U," Virginia Tech blew out Miami, 31-7, in a rain-soaked affair.
That loss has stayed with the Hurricanes for more than a year now, and following their victory over Georgia Tech last weekend, their players spoke openly about how they've had Saturday's rematch circled all season.
"I would probably say this is the most focused we've been during my time," senior wide receiver Leonard Hankerson said this week.
But it's the ever-present mystique of Miami's past that bothers Virginia Tech. Even though the Hurricanes have yet to win an ACC title since joining the league, quarterback Tyrod Taylor believes "every year the media wants to see Miami and Florida State play in the ACC championship. But things don't fold out that way."
Taylor, though, concedes that an unmistakable rivalry has developed between Miami and Virginia Tech, and that "they get up for this game just like we do."
Perhaps the best example of the Hokies' mind-set concerning Miami is cornerback Jayron Hosley, whose seven interceptions are tied for the most in the country.
Hosley grew up in nearby Del Ray Beach, Fla., and was recruited heavily by the Hurricanes. But they never offered him a scholarship and Saturday will mark his first time playing in South Florida since high school - just another layer in what has become one of college football's more exciting rivalries.
"Definitely this is a game I'm looking forward to, that I've been looking forward to," Hosley said with a smirk on his face. "I never rooted for Miami. I always wanted them to lose."
NEW YORK – Columbus Blue Jackets goaltender Sergei Bobrovsky, New York Islanders right wing Kyle Okposo and San Jose Sharks goaltender Antti Niemi have been named the NHL's "Three Stars" for the week ending March 16.
FIRST STAR – SERGEI BOBROVSKY, G, COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS
Bobrovsky posted a 2-0-1 record with a 1.58 goals-against average and .950 save percentage to help the Blue Jackets (35-26-6, 76 points) gain five of a possible six points and move into third place in the Metropolitan Division. He began the week by making 39 saves in a 4-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings March 11. Bobrovsky then turned aside 24 shots and denied 1-of-2 shootout attempts in a 4-3 loss to the San Jose Sharks March 13. He capped the week by making 32 saves and stopping 2-of-4 shootout attempts in a 2-1 win over the Minnesota Wild March 15. The 25-year-old native of Novokuznetsk, Russia, is 26-16-4 with a 2.46 goals-against average, .920 save percentage and three shutouts in 46 appearances this season, including an 18-5-2 mark with a 2.13 goals-against average, .932 save percentage and two shutouts in his last 25 outings dating to Nov. 29.
SECOND STAR – KYLE OKPOSO, RW, NEW YORK ISLANDERS
Okposo led all players with seven points (1-6—7), including three consecutive multi-point performances, to power the Islanders (26-34-9, 61 points) to a pair of wins in three outings. He matched a career high with three assists in a 7-4 victory over the Vancouver Canucks March 10. Okposo then added two helpers in a 4-3 loss to the San Jose Sharks March 14 before capping the week with 1-1—2, his 21st multi-point performance of the season, in a 4-1 triumph over the Buffalo Sabres March 15. The 25-year-old native of St. Paul, Minn., is tied for fourth in the NHL with 69 points in 68 games this season, and has already established single-season career highs in goals (27), assists (42) and points while leading the Islanders in each category.
THIRD STAR – ANTTI NIEMI, G, SAN JOSE SHARKS
Niemi picked up three wins in three starts, posting a 1.67 goals-against average, .950 save percentage and one shutout to help the Sharks (45-17-7, 97 points) extend their winning streak to six games and keep pace with the Ducks (45-16-7, 97 points) in the race for the Pacific Division crown. He began the week by making 19 saves in a 6-2 victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs March 11. After posting 35 saves in a 4-3 win over the New York Islanders March 14, Niemi then stopped all 41 shots he faced in recording his 27th career shutout in a 1-0 triumph over the New York Rangers March 16. The 30-year-old native of Vantaa, Finland, is tied for the League lead with 34 victories this season and has compiled a 2.33 goals-against average, .915 save percentage and four shutouts in 54 appearances.
SALT LAKE CITY -- The latest technology for a joint replacement has arrived in Salt Lake City. An orthopedic surgeon performed the first knee replacement with the new robotic system last week.
More than 21 million people in the U.S. suffer from knee osteoarthritis. -American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons
The patient who received the cutting-edge surgery is Jim Thornhill.
"[I] got up and started to walk. It was pretty remarkable," Thornhill told KSL News Wednesday.
Thornhill is walking the halls at Salt Lake Regional Medical Center 48 hours after knee-replacement surgery. The 73-year-old avid golfer is eager to get a lot more mileage out of it.
"It was becoming more painful as the days were going on, and weeks," Thornhill said. "So it was getting to the point where I knew I had to have something done. I had no choice."
Traditional Knee Surgery vs. MAKOplasty Traditional Knee Replacement MAKOplasty Average Hospital Stay 3-7 days (inpatient only) 1 - 3 days (inpatient/outpatient) Average Incision Length 8-10 inches 4-6 inches Preserved Tissues None, damaged and healthy bone/tissues are replaced Healthy bone, soft tissues and ligaments are preserved Average Recovery Period Normal daily activities within 6-8 weeks Most light activities: within 3-6 weeks Following Surgery Possible swelling: 3-6 months Possible swelling: several weeks Salt Lake Regional Medical Center
That pain altered his life. He was wary of collapsing on the knee and says he altered his swing in his beloved game of golf.
Two days ago, at the Center for Precision Joint Replacement, Dr. Jeremy McCandless gave Thornhill the state's first knee replacement using the MAKO Rio robot.
"It's a very natural-feeling movement when you get used to it," McCandless said.
He says the precision of the robot means less pain medication and quicker recovery for the patient.
"Everyone I do, I have walked the day of surgery. And you can't say he has no pain, because he has pain; but it's how far and how much pain medication. And Jim is just blowing everyone else away," McCandless said.
With the robot, the doctor creates a three-dimensional surgery plan ahead of time, and then goes into the operating room and executes that plan.
"The robot is a tool that we use in surgery," McCandless said. "We're in surgery with the tool, but the robot knows what we want to do and doesn't let us make a bad move."
"We typically take off a quarter-inch of bone on all the surfaces and cap the top and the bottom, just like a dentist would put a crown on a tooth," explained orthopedic surgeon Dr. Aaron Hofmann.
The Center for Precision Joint Replacement was Hofmann's brainchild. Soon they will also perform hip replacements.
"A robot takes you to the next level," Hofmann said. "There's nobody that is as good and precise as something that can be done by a computer or something that can be done by a robot."
As he left the hospital with his wife, Thornhill was eager to hit the links again.
"Now I'm very confident that I'll be able to go right back and adjust my swing and shoot a better score," he said.
E-mail: jboal@ksl.com
×
Related Links
Mayor Tom Barrett said the legal battle over Milwaukee's 75-year-old residency rule is a constitutional issue. Credit: Michael Sears
SHARE Poll A circuit judge ruled Monday that Milwaukee's residency rule was void and unenforceable. Good decision? Yes No vote View Results Yes: 63% No: 37% Total Responses: 3620
By of the
Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Paul Van Grunsven on Monday declared Milwaukee's 75-year-old residency rule, which requires city workers to live within city limits, void and unenforceable.
Van Grunsven said a measure signed into law last summer by Gov. Scott Walker applied uniformly to all local government units in the state. That state law, he said, removes the issue of residency from the scope of home rule authority.
The state law, he added, "creates a constitutional liberty interest in being free from residency requirements as a condition of municipal employment."
Van Grunsven's decision marks a significant victory for the city's police and fire unions, which have fought to end residency rules for years.
But City Attorney Grant Langley and Mayor Tom Barrett, both of whom were in the courtroom when Van Grunsven read part of his 21-page decision, said the city would appeal to the state's Court of Appeals and, potentially, to the state Supreme Court.
In a news conference Monday afternoon at City Hall, Barrett said the legal battle is a constitutional issue.
"What is the role of local government if a legislature, with the support of a state court, can come in at the behest of a special interest and eviscerate 75 years of local decision making?" he said. "Where does that leave local control?"
Barrett said if the city is ultimately successful in court, "we will require people, as part of their condition of employment, which we have done since 1938, to be a resident of the city of Milwaukee."
Some city workers have already moved out of the city, though an exact number was not immediately available.
Jon Cermele, the attorney for the Milwaukee Police Association, which filed the suit, praised the decision.
"The judge said the state had the authority to prohibit residency from being a condition of employment," he said. "I think it's the right decision as a matter of law."
Langley said he was disappointed by the decision, adding that he knew it was going to be a close call.
Barrett said he believed both the police union and Local 215 of the Milwaukee Professional Firefighters Association, which joined the suit, and the city knew the case was headed for appeal.
"We continue to believe that this is a decision that has been made at the local level for 75 years," Barrett said.
He said the Republican legislation was ironic because the party has lobbied for local control for years.
"We've had local control on this issue for 75 years and they want to take it away, simply because of special interests. That's clearly what has happened here," said Barrett, who has said the legislation was political payback for the police union's support of Walker.
Tom Evenson, Walker's press spokesman, said in a statement that "the way to keep people in a city isn't by building a wall, and residency requirements violate an individual's freedom to live in the city of their choice."
The city's ordinance states:
"All employees of the city of Milwaukee are required to establish and maintain their actual bona-fide residences within the boundaries of the city."
For many police officers and firefighters, the rule was unpopular. For years, the police union and Local 215 attempted to end the rule through contract negotiations or through state legislation.
Last year they got the rule changed when Walker put a measure ending residency into his budget.
Rule not enforced
The city has not enforced the residency rule since Walker signed the change into law. That was agreed to in court after the police union filed suit.
The state law states that no local governmental unit may require, as a condition of employment, that any employee or prospective employee reside within any jurisdictional limit.
Local governments can impose a residency requirement on law enforcement, fire or emergency personnel that requires such personnel to reside within 15 miles of the jurisdictional boundaries of the local government unit.
In his summary of the police union's argument, Van Grunsven said the residency rule "constitutes an illegitimate exercise of its police powers."
"Once the Legislature enacted (the state law), the city was required to comply with the law until it was able to either convince the legislature to change it or obtain a judicial determination otherwise.
"Instead, the city presented all city employees with a 'Hobson's choice,' exercise their rights under (the state law) and face termination, or refrain from exercising those rights and remain employed. Placing city employees in this position resulted in an unconstitutional deprivation of liberty," Van Grunsven wrote in summarizing the police union's argument.
Van Grunsven said the city's argument was that, if residency really is a statewide concern, the new state law should apply to both public and private employers. The city also argued that a residency rule does not deprive city employees of any fundamental liberty interest.
Last year, Barrett submitted an affidavit in the case, citing the work of SB Friedman Development Advisors of Chicago. The study concluded that if the city lost its right to enforce a residency rule, an estimated 375 employees a year would move from city to suburb.
Jason Stein of the Journal Sentinel staff contributed to this report.
Two teenagers and a 21-year-old were today arrested on suspicion of murdering a 15-year-old boy stabbed to death during a botched bicycle theft.
Alan Cartwright was attacked as he rode along the Caledonian Road in Islington, north London with friends on Friday night.
After a police appeal, which included CCTV footage of the moment he was stabbed, two teenagers were arrested on suspicion of murder by Scotland Yard detectives.
An 18-year-old man walked into a north London police station and a 17-year-old boy and a 21-year-old were held at in Camden this morning. All three are in custody.
It came after Alan's mother Michelle yesterday made an emotional appeal for information about her son's death.
This is the moment when Alan Cartwright was stabbed on his bicycle as he cycled through north London
This is the jacket Alan Cartwright wore when he was stabbed as he rode along the in Islington, north London
Alan Cartwright, pictured, suffered single stab wound to the chest when he was attacked on Friday night while he cycled along a busy London street when he and his friends were attacked by a gang
Alan's mother Michelle Watson, left and his sister Cherrie Smith, right, appealed for witnesses to speak out
Alan's mother and sister described the Army cadet and Celtic and Arsenal fan as a 'joker' who loved bikes and never caused any trouble.
Fighting back tears, Alan's mother Michelle Watson, 39, said: 'He always made you laugh about anything and everything. He was just the funny one out of his friends.
'I feel angry, I want somebody found for this. I just feel numb.
'Looking at the CCTV footage it looks like he got punched, like somebody had just hit him.
'It was so quick, he just carried on riding and two minutes up the road he is collapsed and dead. It's like it's not real.
'I would say to witnesses, if you've got any sort of conscience come forward because a brother and son is dead.”
The teenager's sister, Cherrie Smith, 21, broke down when she spoke of him not being there when she gets married.
Ms Smith said that her brother's death has not fully sunken in yet because the family have not seen his body.
The teenager (left) pictured with his sister Cherrie Smith, 21, (right) who said his death had not sunk in yet
Alan Cartwright, pictured, was stabbed as he cycled along Caledonian Road on Friday and died in hospital
The teenager is described as a who 'wouldn't hurt a fly' and well-known in the area in north London
Alan with his older sister Cherrie, who appealed to the public today along with her mother in an emotional bid for his killer to be found
She said: 'We want any witnesses to give as much information as they possibly can. If you have a little brother or sister, ask yourself "what if it was them?"
'If that was me, I wouldn't be able to live with myself.
'People are saying "wrong place, wrong time", but those people shouldn't be carrying knives on them. The whole of his life Alan has grown up in the Cally (Caledonian Road) and you just don't expect it.
'He has always put a front on in front of me and his friends that he was like a hard man, but he wouldn't hurt a fly, he really wouldn't.
'I just clearly hope someone gets found for this - knowing he has been taken away from us in such an unlawful way, it's just heartbreaking because there's a chance someone could get away with this.
I would say to witnesses, if you've got any sort of conscience come forward because a brother and son is dead Victim's mother Michelle Watson
'We clearly think it was a bike robbery, but the question is "why"? Why has that person done that?'
Yesterday police released shocking CCTV footage showing the moment the Holloway School student was stabbed.
The footage captures how he is struck in the chest as three partially masked youths leap out from behind parked cars on a busy road.
The schoolboy manages to cycle on only to collapse moments later and die from a single stab wound to his heart.
Meanwhile the robbers calmly push his friends from their bicycles and ride off as commuters and shoppers pass by oblivious to the unfolding tragedy.
Alan, a pupil at Holloway High School, can be seen in the images wearing a blue body warmer and grey jumper at the front of his group of friends.
As he passes a parked car a man darts out from his ‘blind spot' and lashes out towards his chest. A second youth knocks one of Alan's friends off his bike and a third attacker, wearing a hoodie, drags another to the ground. The killer, wearing a dark hooded top and with a keychain hanging from his back pocket, watches before getting on the back of one of the stolen bikes.
Despite the blood pouring from his chest, Alan managed to cycle a short distance before collapsing in the street.
A post-mortem examination on Monday concluded that the cause of the Holloway School student's death was a single stab wound to the chest.
Ms Watson, pictured, said witnesses with 'any sort of conscience' should come forward with information
Ms Watson, left, comforted her daughter Cherrie, right, during the highly emotional press conference
Cherie Smith, left, and Michelle Watson, right, spoke of their horror after hearing about Alan's murder
Detective Chief Inspector Chris Jones, who is leading the investigation for the Homicide and Major Crime Command, appealed for help in identifying the three suspects.
'The footage of the suspects attacking Alan and his friends is truly shocking. Alan stood no chance of defending himself against his attacker, who casually stepped out in front of him and stabbed him in the chest.
'It is obvious from the footage that Caledonian Road is busy with cars and pedestrians. We have already spoken to a number of witnesses who have provided helpful information to the investigation; however, I would like to re-appeal to anyone who may know something about Alan's murder and the robbery of the bikes.
'Where are the two bicycles that were taken? Someone may have noticed a new bike brought home or perhaps you have been offered a similar bike for sale? If so, I would urge you to contact the police.
Mr Cartwright's sister Cherrie Smith, right, said she cannot believe that he will not be at her wedding
'I would like to reassure anyone who is worried about contacting the police that they will be treated with the utmost sensitivity.'
Alan's mother, Michelle Watson, 39, from Islington, north London, led an emotional tribute to her son on Facebook. She wrote: 'Our baby boy xxxxxxx xxxxxxx x xxxxxxx RIP we love you always.'
Biddy O'Connor, 17, said: ‘Alan was an innocent young boy, he didn't deserve what happened to him. Too many young people are dying. These people are carrying knives because they think they are brave or it makes them bigger. They are idiots. I don't think young people appreciate the value of life enough.'
Detectives believe those responsible are members of one of the many gangs which torment residents of nearby estates.
The bicycles stolen during the stabbing were a red mountain bike and a black and red pedal cycle.
Mr Cartwright was stabbed as he cycled along the Caledonian Road on Friday at around 19.34.
He collapsed and later died at the scene, as three of the thugs escaped on two stolen bikes.
DCI Jones continued: 'I think the CCTV speaks for itself.
'I think this is a dreadful, shocking, unprovoked incident. It is a shocking crime, a mindless act of violence.
'One of the motives we are exploring is of robbery of the push bikes. I'm open minded to the motives however.'
Alan, circled left, is seen on CCTV approaching his attacker, circled right, who is hiding behind a car
Several members of the gang attack Alan's friends, who is unaware of the man approaching from his left
The attacker leaps out from behind the car with his arm extended brandishing the knife as Alan passed
He added: 'Alan is well known in that area.
'He was just out cycling in the area with his friends. Alan is just a young boy, 15 years of age. I don't class him as a gang member.
'He was just out cycling in and around the Caledonian Road area.'
He went on to say: 'A really important line of inquiry for us is where the bikes have gone. Has someone been offered them for sale, has someone purchased them?
'We have made an appeal for witnesses. I would really ask people if they saw anything on that night please come forward.
'I'm convinced that if you know these suspects you will recognise them, even from their clothes or build.'
Asked if the police have any possible suspects he said: 'I wouldn't discuss that at this time.'
One of the stolen bikes as a 'Specialized Hard Rock' mountain bike with disc brakes and electrical tape on the frame.
The second bike was described as a black and red 'specialized Vita' pedal cycle. The word 'Specialized' was printed in white.
Police believe the distinctive stolen bicycles could lead them to the killers. They asked residents to watch out for bicycles being offered for sale in suspicious circumstances.
The attacker stabs Alan once in the chest in an effort to steal his bicycle, leaving him with grave injuries
Alan manages to continue along the Caledonian Road mortally wounded as the gang attacks his friends
Police are appealing for witnesses following Friday's terrifying attack in north London
Mr Cartwright was declared dead at the scene on the Caledonian Road in North London on Friday
According to police, the first suspect is a male youth of slim build. He was wearing a grey or dark coloured hooded top and dark bottoms. He may have had a key chain hanging from the rear pocket. He is believed to be white.
The second suspect is also a male youth of slim to medium build wearing what is thought to be a black, sleeveless top. He was wearing a shoulder bag against his body. Eyewintesses said he had some form of face covering and is thought to be black.
The third suspect is a male youth of medium build and was wearing a three-quarter length coat. He was wearing a dark top with a multi-coloured motif with lighter coloured bottoms and dark shoes. Officers do not know this suspect's ethnicity.
Anyone with information on any of the suspects is asked to call the incident room on 020 8345 3734, or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or via crimestoppers-uk.org.
Mr Cartwright's family released a video of the 15-year-old victim, who was described as a passionate cyclist
JERUSALEM (AP) — Palestinian authorities are silencing dissent by cracking down on free speech and abusing local journalists and activists critical of their policies, a leading international human rights group said Tuesday.
Human Rights Watch said both the Western-backed Palestinian Authority led by President Mahmoud Abbas in the West Bank and its rival, the ruling Islamic militant group Hamas in the Gaza Strip, are "arresting, abusing, and criminally charging journalists and activists who express peaceful criticism of the authorities."
In 2007, Hamas ousted Abbas' Fatah forces from Gaza in bloody street battles, leaving the Palestinians divided between two governments. Attempts at reconciliation have repeatedly failed, and both Hamas and the Fatah-led Palestinian Authority have periodically launched crackdowns against their rivals in efforts to consolidate power.
"The Palestinian governments in both Gaza and the West Bank are arresting and even physically abusing activists and journalists who express criticism on important public issues," said Sari Bashi, the Israel and Palestine country director at Human Rights Watch.
HRW said that in the West Bank, Palestinian forces arrested activists and musicians who "ridiculed Palestinian security forces" and "accused the government of corruption" in statements posted on Facebook or stated in graffiti and rap songs.
In Gaza, the rights group said an activist who criticized Hamas for "failing to protect a man with a mental disability" was detained and intimidated by the group, as was a journalist who "posted a photograph of a woman looking for food in a garbage bin."
The New York-based rights group said that in the incidents of abuse, "activists and journalists said that security officers beat or kicked them, deprived them of sleep and proper food, hosed them with cold and then hot water, and made them maintain uncomfortable positions for long hours."
Tarik Abu Zaid, a journalist with the Hamas-allied al-Aqsa TV station, said he has been arrested by the Palestinian Authority three times, most recently in March, and held for a month each time.
"For the first week, the investigation was friendly," he said. "But by the end of the first week, they started using several ways of physical and psychological torture to make me confess to charges that I didn't do." He said he was forced to stand and prevented from sleeping for three days and beaten in the genitals by an interrogator.
Jamal Dajani, spokesman for the West Bank government, said any such incidents were "isolated" and did not reflect official government policy. He said in some cases, journalists were arrested under defamation laws.
"These incidents have nothing to do with freedom of the press," he said. "The government is working on creating a better environment for press freedom. We believe in and support the freedom of speech and the right for journalists to operate freely in Palestine."
In Gaza, Hamas officials declined comment.
LONDON (Reuters) - Few parts of the world will remain unscathed by the plunging stock markets and economic slowdown rocking China, but the companies of Europe's soft underbelly may weather it best.
Investors have lunch in front of an electronic board showing stock information at a brokerage house in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, August 3, 2015. REUTERS/China Daily CHINA OUT
Countries comprising the euro zone's periphery, such as Spain, Italy and Portugal, have relatively small exposure to the world's growth engine. Core countries like Germany, France and The Netherlands have much deeper links.
Strong demand from China has fueled the boom in Germany's German auto industry, the success of France's luxury and fashion empires and solid growth in the Dutch and Finnish chemicals and capital goods sectors. Investment by their companies has grown accordingly.
But that demand may be cooling. China's factory activity shrank in July at the fastest rate in two years, the country's stock markets have slumped 30 percent since mid-June and growth could soon fall below 7 percent for the first time since early 2009.
“Germany has products China wants. But we've got slowing global trade, slowing global growth, and Germany has already benefited from its currency weakness advantage,” said Stewart Richardson, partner at RMG Wealth Management in London.”
“Germany suffers if China suffers. So on European equities, the periphery outperforms Germany,” he said.
European stocks have been the destination of choice for investors this year, with cash flowing in from emerging markets and the United States. A net $80 billion has gone into European equity funds this year, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
The difference between core and peripheral euro zone countries' exposure to China is clear from trade flows.
Around 8 percent of Germany's exports go to China and about 5 percent of both France and Finland's, according to Marc Chandler, head of global currency strategy at Brown Brothers Harriman in New York.
Compare that with the periphery: 3 percent of Italy's overseas sales go to China, around 2.5 percent of Spain and Ireland's, and only 2 percent of Portugal's.
Of the top 37 European companies' exposed to China in a list drawn up by UBS, only 16 are from the euro zone. Of those, 15 are from core countries Germany, France, Finland and The Netherlands.
Spanish retailer Inditex (ITX.MC) is the only company from the so-called euro zone periphery to appear on the list. And it is near the bottom, with only 10 percent of revenues coming from China.
ECB FACTOR
German automaker Daimler (DAIGn.DE) posted a 54 percent surge in second-quarter operating profit, to a record high of 3.8 billion euros, as sales of trucks and new luxury car model launches helped it defy a slowdown in China.
It remains to be seen how long it can defy gravity, though. Rival Audi (VOWG_p.DE) last week lowered its global sales forecast because of slumping demand in China, the luxury-car brand's biggest market.
China's impact on European government bond markets has been muddied by the Greek crisis, which ultimately saw agreement between Athens and its creditors that should lead to a third multi-billion-euro aid program for the cash-strapped nation.
July also saw the biggest monthly fall in Chinese stocks since the global financial crisis in late 2008.
In that roller-coaster month, the price of peripheral euro zone countries' bonds rose faster than Germany's, narrowing yield spreads. The premium demanded by investors to hold Spanish bonds over German bonds fell to 110 basis points from 165 basis points at the end of June.
And it's worth noting that the peripheral countries are also the principle direct beneficiaries of the European Central Bank's 1 trillion-euro bond-buying stimulus program, which will run through September next year.
But to paraphrase the adage about the United States and the rest of the world, If China sneezes, won't everyone else catch a cold? And within Europe, if Germany sneezes, won't the rest of the continent catch a cold?
Fahd Rachidy, partner and chief investment officer at Sparrows Capital in London, played down the current economic relative outperformance of some peripheral countries like Spain and Ireland. Much of that just reflects their collapse in labor costs vis-à-vis the rest of the euro zone, he said.
“If Germany performs poorly because of the Chinese impact on international trade, then the periphery will follow as most of the intra-euro zone exchanges are with Germany,” said
“Extrapolating the Chinese situation to infer that investors favor the periphery over the core is a bit far-fetched,” he said.
Home Daily News Judge Richard Posner retires from the 7th…
Judiciary
Judge Richard Posner retires from the 7th Circuit after 36 years
Judge Richard Posner
Judge Richard Posner of the Chicago-based 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is retiring effective Saturday, the Chicago Daily Law Bulletin and Chicago Sun-Times reported late Friday.
Posner, 78, is one of the most widely cited appellate judges in the United States, the Law Bulletin said, and “a teacher and prolific writer on and off the bench.” In a statement cited by the Law Bulletin, he said he looks forward to continuing those tasks, “with a particular focus on social justice reform.”
“I am proud to have promoted a pragmatic approach to judging during my time on the court, and to have had the opportunity to apply my view that judicial opinions should be easy to understand and that judges should focus on the right and wrong in every case,” Posner said in a statement.
Posner's retirement at age 78 comes a few weeks after he wrote in Slate magazine that he believes in “mandatory retirement for all judges at a fixed age, probably 80.” He argued that even those judges whose performance doesn't suffer with age can easily be replaced from the 1.3 million lawyers in the United States.
Posner's pointed opinions have brought him notoriety, at least within the legal community. He was appointed in 1981 by President Ronald Reagan and considered conservative at the time. Some of his opinions reflect that; he's written an opinion opposing gun control; an opinion in favor of a law that barred citizens' rights to record police carrying out their duties in public; and an opinion limiting class certification in class-action lawsuits.
But Posner hasn't always hewn conventional Republican positions, especially in recent years. He has struck down restrictions on abortion; criticized the criminalization of drug possession; and ruled in favor of same-sex marriage.
Posner could also be biting to litigants he thought were dishonest or unprepared. In 2011, an opinion of his criticized attorneys for ignoring or downplaying applicable precedent; the opinion included a picture of an ostrich with its head buried in the sand, followed by a man in a suit in the same position. “The ostrich is a noble animal, but not a proper model for an appellate advocate,” he wrote.
And he was not afraid to criticize institutions within the law. He has called the U.S. Supreme Court “not a real court,” but “a political court” that he had no interest in joining; criticized some of the individual justices; and described the Bluebook as “560 pages of rubbish.” Sitting by designation in a trial court this year, he put his belief in clearer legal language into practice by altering jury instructions; that decision was overturned last week by a panel of the 7th Circuit.
The 7th Circuit's Chief Judge, Diane Wood, told the Daily Law Bulletin that Posner was one of the most distinguished people ever to occupy a federal judgeship.
“For more than 50 years, Judge Posner has been one of the leading public intellectuals in the United States—indeed, in the world,” Wood said in a statement. “He has produced an unparalleled body of scholarship—books, articles, and public commentary—covering virtually every legal topic that can be imagined.”
Posner holds degrees from Yale University and Harvard Law School, and clerked for former U.S. Supreme Court Justice William Brennan. His later career connected him to a future Supreme Court Justice, Thurgood Marshall, when he was an assistant to Marshall in the Solicitor General's office. Prior to joining the 7th Circuit, he taught at Stanford Law School and the University of Chicago Law School, where he is still a senior lecturer in law.
Friday, December 15th, 2017
FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- Fresno residents in a Woodward Lake neighborhood are on edge after a shooting that left two men dead.Friday morning the street looked like any other northeast neighborhood-- quiet. But it was a much different scene Thursday night as police investigated a shooting that killed two young men.Crime scene tape surrounded the area near Grouse Run and Bobwhite Court. Around 8:00 p.m. a neighbor recalls hearing two shots being fired. When he went outside he found two bodies lying on the sidewalk. The shots continued so he went back inside his home.Officers said the two men that were shot and killed were only 20-years-old. They learned the victims and suspect knew each other and would be seen hanging out in the area.Neighbors are still coming to grips that this happened in their usually quiet area.One neighbor, Elex Winn, said, "It's terrible-- I can't even believe it. It's awful.""It's unfortunate, whatever they were killed for, and really it's senseless. It's sad someone has to shoot and kill someone whatever they were fighting over," said Rod Algier, another neighbor.Police said this does not appear to be gang-related, but the motive is still unclear.However, detectives said they have a witness who was able to give a suspect description. At last check, they were close to identifying the suspect.Officials said while the three knew each other and were often seen by residents in this area, it does not appear they lived in this neighborhood.Authorities also said the suspect is in his 20s.
Black Death is a cancelled FPS / Survival Horror game somehow similar to Condemned and Dead Island, in development by Darkworks around 2011. Darkworks was an independent French studio not widely known by the average gamer, but they released a couple of fan favorite games as Alone in the Dark: The New Nightmare (Playstation, Dreamcast and PC) and Cold Fear (PS2, PC and Xbox). Black Death was announced in June 2011, as the team tried to get attention from publishers to find money and resources to fully develop their idea. This was the last project they tried to pitch before closing down after a series of unfortunate failed projects, such as their Onechanbara reboot, State of Crisis and The Deep.
After Ubisoft took away I Am Alive from Darkworks in 2008 to complete it under Ubisoft Shanghai, the team worked on many different prototypes. We can assume at the time the team tough that shooters were the most marketable genre to be greenlighted by publishers, so they conceived a few ones (such as Black Death) with interesting / original features.
Some more details about Black Death were published in the (now removed) official website:
What is Black Death? Black Death is a new survival horror from Darkworks. Black Death is the personification of the fear generated by the recent pandemics and the mistrust which has been associated to their supposed origins (natural apocalypse, scientific, industrial, or military ones… or else… ). Our goal with Black Death is to go one step further by focusing the game on three essential elements: speed, fluidity and freedom of action, to offer the player a sensation of freedom and the possibility to create his own arsenal. Pitch: Today, The American North East coast, a city is suddenly hit by a massive cloud of smoke. Mysterious swirls of this black smoke appear and infect everybody. This new disease is spreading all over the city making it a place full of sick people sunk into a comatose state. As they mutate into strange creatures with various powers and group behaviours, they start to become violent and invade the whole city. The player is a survivor who will try to stay alive and wipe out this scourge from the city.
Gameplay Experience: THE FOG PLAYS WITH YOU, PLAY WITH THE FOG
Survive in the fog
Be Creative: Create your own chemical weapons and test them on your enemies
Cure or kill infected you meet and choose your fighting strategy
Spectacular: Have fun discovering a unique bestiary, and experiment with multiple weapons and devices
Fight: Fast action, it's difficult to kill, you must finish on contact
Control the fog
Discover the black death evolution
A playable demo / prototype for Black Death was also released in July 2011, but it failed to gain much interest from gamers and publishers. With no more money to keep working on their projects, in October 2011 the studio was placed into Compulsory liquidation and was closed. In about 15 years of activity, Darkworks were able to successfully complete and release only 2 games, while all their other projects were either cancelled or moved to different developers. There are already a good number of interesting lost Darkworks games in the Unseen64 archive, but many more still remain unseen and even if we tried multiple times to get in contact with people that worked at the studio, it seems almost impossible to know more about what happened to them or to their cancelled games.
Images:
Videos:
Writing on the Wall Dr. Dirt: Street artist scrubs images into the urban landscape
Photo: c/o MooseStreet artist Moose Benjamin Curtis was having some difficulty with the police. The officers had just arrested him for creating designs on a wall in South London. But it was complicated — as things often are when Moose is involved.
You see, Moose doesn't use spray paint or wallpaper paste — the usual tools of this trade. Instead, he wields scrub brushes, old socks, cleaning fluid, and, when he's living large, a high-pressure hose. He creates images by cleaning shapes into filthy urban surfaces such as retaining walls, signs, and tunnels.
People have called it “reverse graffiti,” “clean graffiti,” and “negative space.” Moose prefers “grime writing.” He has called himself “a professor of dirt.”
He is not the only one working in this medium: Brazillian artist Alexandre Orion scrubbed a gallery of skulls onto the wall of a tunnel in São Paulo a few years back; street artist Banksy has also used the technique. But Moose is a pioneer — and a bit of a character to boot.
On that day in South London, when Moose asked the officers what crime he was being charged with, confusion ensued.
“We're arresting you for criminal damage,” Moose recalls one of the officers telling him.
“The only thing I've damaged is dirt,” the artist replied.
“They took that on board,” Moose says. “They were really fumbling around.”
Then the police told him that he had made marks on the wall. “I explained that the marks were made by pollution. If they wanted to arrest the perpetrators of this crime, they should get with the people who had created this pollution.”
The bobbies were probably about to lock Moose up just for being a smartass, but he was saved by the bell. “At about that time, I had to go to the bathroom,” he explains. “So they took me to this pub, and the police officer followed me into the bathroom and stood outside the stall like I was some clean terrorist, randomly going around cleaning things.”
Photo: MooseFortunately for our wise-cracking hero, he keeps good company, and while he was taking care of business, his friend and fellow dirt monger (who was apparently aiding in the crime in order to win the heart of a young lady) convinced the police to just let the duo scrub the entire wall — thus eliminating the images they'd created — and call it a day.
“Which is a little like stealing a car and then taking it back to where you got it,” Moose says. But who was he to ask questions?
While Moose's innovative artistic techniques have won him worldwide recognition — one of his best known pieces was in the Broadway Tunnel in San Francisco — they were inspired by simple poverty. He was working for a record label, he says, and they wanted to promote a new album. Lacking the money for signs or advertising, they scrubbed their message into the walls of tunnels around his hometown of Leeds, England.
Photo: MooseMoose has since done projects for corporations, local causes, and simply for the fun of it. But he says he gets the most satisfaction out of working with environmental organizations — with which he has an obvious affinity, though he doesn't consider himself a model of green citizenship.
“The environmental message [in my art] is unavoidable,” he says. “I'm writing in grime.”
A while back, Moose teamed up with a pack of eco-warriors with Greenpeace. They piled into a zodiac raft, armed with pressure washers, and buzzed across the Thames River to a blackened retaining wall near the House of Parliament. When they'd finished their work, the wall was emblazoned with the message:
“DON'T CHANGE THE CLIMATE. CHANGE THE POLITICS.”
“I love working for Greenpeace. It's the one time I feel that this art form is put to its best use,” Moose says. “I feel like I'm in the good army when I work with them.”
Still, much of his art takes a more subtle tack. He is fond of carving the forms of flowers and trees onto dirty surfaces, adding organic forms, as delicate as paper cutouts, to the hard edges of the urban landscape.
Photo: Moose
“I could stand around all day long telling people how what we're doing is ruining the planet,” Moose says. “But if I can intrigue them enough to look closer, and then shock them with the contrast between where the wall was cleaned and where it was dirty … It's just a quirky little way of getting the point out to people.”
And if that occasionally puts him at odds with the authorities, it has also won him many fans — including inside the art establishment. He is currently working (with a slew of other artists) on an exhibition called Ghosts of Gone Birds , which uses art, music, and poetry to re-animate extinct bird species.
“I'm cleaning [bird] shadows into the floor around the gallery,” he says. “And you know what it's like when a bunch of birds take off all at once — I'm trying to create a chaos of little shapes on the side of the wall.”
That is, if he can get permission to work on the wall in the first place. “I have so much trouble getting permission to clean walls, it's just unbelievable,” Moose says. “It's just a little bit over people's heads.”
The Basmanny Court in Moscow has placed an air traffic controller under arrest until December 21 on the suspicion of his involvement into the fatal crash of the French oil giant CEO's plane earlier this week.
Updated 2:42 p.m. Moscow Time
MOSCOW, October 24 (RIA Novosti) – The Basmanny Court in Moscow has placed an air traffic controller under arrest until December 21 on the suspicion of his involvement into the fatal crash of the French oil giant CEO's plane earlier this week.
Judge Valentina Levashova agreed with prosecutors that the accused dispatcher, Alexander Kruglov, could disappear, destroy evidence, threaten witnesses, and cohort with coworkers, which would hamper investigations.
Total CEO Christophe de Margerie died in the crash of a Falcon 50 business jet late Monday night at Vnukovo-3 Airport. The incident happened when the aircraft, which was to fly to Paris, hit a snow removal vehicle when taking off. De Margerie was the only passenger on board along with three crew members, also French citizens. The crew also died in the crash.
The four suspects in the case included a senior airport engineer responsible for snow removal, an air traffic controller trainee and her supervisor, as well as Kruglov who was on duty at the time of the tragedy.
The driver of the snowplow was detained within 48 hours of the accident and accused of being under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident, but he denied the allegations. His lawyer said the driver did not drink alcohol at all due to heart problems. Russia's Investigative Committee said that the snowplow's presence on the runway was not authorized.
On Thursday, Vnukovo International Airport press service said that the airport's general director, Andrei Dyakov, and deputy general director, Sergei Solntsev, resigned after the accident, with some other managerial staff being dismissed.
Gregory Payan, Associated Press
Browns buzz on Myles Garrett, Mitch Trubisky, AJ McCarron and Malik Hooker as draft approaches
The Browns have wrapped up most of their private workouts and are working through their 30 pre-draft visits over the next couple of weeks.
They have Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson on Tuesday, and hosted his top target in receiver Mike Williams on Monday. They've also had in running backs Joe Mixon and Dalvin Cook, defensive backs Josh Jones and Quincy Wilson, edge-rusher Takkarist McKinley, receiver Corey Davis and tight end David Njoku, according to multiple reports.
The Browns are also still looking at the last wave of free agents, with former Saints cornerback B.W. Webb visiting on Tuesday.
With the draft just over three weeks away, the Browns still seem set on taking Myles Garrett No. 1 overall, but head of football operations Sashi Brown said last week they're still considering several players there — and that they'll use their full allotment of time to make their decision.
Here's the latest Browns buzz:
By Mary Kay Cabot, cleveland.com
The concept of designing for the fold has always been a focus for web designers, but as technology continues to grow and diversify, is it an outdated principle?
Above the fold– the holy grail of web design real estate. It is the portion of the website that is viewable without any further action. But in this modern age, the concept of the fold is difficult to pin down. Where is the fold? And how important is it?
Background
Back in the glory days of newspapers, the fold played a crucial role in grabbing the attention of viewers in order to encourage them to purchase the paper. Bold headlines and eye-catching images bombarded readers to pique their interest. This concept transitioned into web design, where designers make sure to place important information and imagery above the fold.
The debate of what belongs above the fold and what belongs below the fold lives strong in the current world of web design. Clients question the location of the fold. Designers cringe at the mention of the concept. As a web designer, it is important to give the fold the respect it deserves while also acknowledging its diminishing importance.
Where is the fold?
With the rise of mobile and tablet devices and the continued increase in desktop screen sizes, the fold has become increasingly inconsistent. Web designers simply cannot rely on a general rule of the location of the fold, as it can vary widely from user to use case.
As you can see from the above graph, there is a wide discrepancy in screen resolutions. The vast majority of screen heights are in the 768-1080px range, while phones and tablets differ even more. The location of the fold is dependent on a wide variety of variables including screen size, screen resolution, browser size, and responsive design techniques, among many other factors. Therefore, it is impossible to pin down the location of the fold and it is important to focus on the rules of good usability rather than on a strict guide of where the fold is.
Focus on Usability
Paying attention to the fold as a web designer is about making the website as usable as possible. The portion of the website that is above the fold is still the most valuable real estate on a website and the user experience should reflect that. Jakob Nielsen estimates that, “…web users spend 80% of their time looking at information above the page fold. Although users do scroll, they allocate only 20% of their attention below the fold.”
Put Important Information Above the Fold
Important brand imagery and messaging, site navigation, any important call to actions, and an intro or preview of the information on the page should be above the fold. But, it is crucial to have a good balance between this concept and the basics of good usability. Do not try to jam every piece of content above the fold. Group your pieces of content together into manageable chunks and spread them out with proper hierarchy and whitespace to promote easy skimming and scanning. (Read 10 more tips for usability.)
Tell Them a Story
The information at the top of the page should be a preview of the rest of the page. Allowing your users to easily anticipate the content will encourage them to scroll down the page and continue reading. It's 2013, your users know how to scroll. Devices are configured to make scrolling easier than ever and users expect to scroll on the web.
You want your users to want to explore the rest of your site. If you focus on telling them a story or piquing their interests, rather than shoving as much content down their throats as quickly as possible, you'll find that they want to stick around and explore life below the fold.
In Conclusion
While the fold will never disappear as a concept, it is a rule that can be bent. With so many different devices and resolutions, the fold differs far too much from user to be relied upon regularly. By making sure to place only the most important elements above the fold, you can find a better balance between usability and the fold. In web design content is king, and by putting your focus on usability, you are giving the content its rightful throne.
Pennsylvania's governor on Thursday barred state contractors and grant recipients from discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity as he awaits action on stalled legislation that would ban such bias in employment, housing and public services. (Mobile users: Scroll down for full story.)Gov. Tom Wolf signed the executive order, telling an audience of advocates in his Capitol offices that Pennsylvania needs to be seen as a welcoming place and calling it a "small step" until Republican lawmakers act.The Democrat cast the order and the legislation as a matter important to the state's fabric."If we want a healthy economy, if we want a strong democracy, if we want a just society, we have to do this," Wolf said.Wolf's action comes amid a backlash over what Wolf has called a "discriminatory" bill signed by North Carolina's Republican governor.More than 20 states have anti-discrimination laws for the gay and transgender community, as do Pennsylvania's two-largest cities, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.Wolf administration officials say tens of thousands of future state contracts potentially worth tens of billions of dollars a year, including Medicaid reimbursements and highway construction, will need updated nondiscrimination clauses.The stalled legislation has the support of some of the state's biggest businesses, including The Hershey Co., as well as universities including Penn State. In recent days, a socially conservative group began an advertising campaign attacking the bills, which remain untouched in legislative committees.Senate State Government Committee Chairman Mike Folmer, R-Lebanon, said this week he wants to vet the bill in his committee to make sure it does not violate anybody's religious liberties or freedom of conscience.Get the WTAE Pittsburgh's Action News 4 App
Pennsylvania's governor on Thursday barred state contractors and grant recipients from discriminating based on sexual orientation or gender identity as he awaits action on stalled legislation that would ban such bias in employment, housing and public services. (Mobile users: Scroll down for full story.)
Gov. Tom Wolf signed the executive order, telling an audience of advocates in his Capitol offices that Pennsylvania needs to be seen as a welcoming place and calling it a "small step" until Republican lawmakers act.
Advertisement Related Content 'Everyone deserves to feel they belong:' Target takes stand on transgender bathroom issue
The Democrat cast the order and the legislation as a matter important to the state's fabric.
"If we want a healthy economy, if we want a strong democracy, if we want a just society, we have to do this," Wolf said.
Wolf's action comes amid a backlash over what Wolf has called a "discriminatory" bill signed by North Carolina's Republican governor.
More than 20 states have anti-discrimination laws for the gay and transgender community, as do Pennsylvania's two-largest cities, Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
Wolf administration officials say tens of thousands of future state contracts potentially worth tens of billions of dollars a year, including Medicaid reimbursements and highway construction, will need updated nondiscrimination clauses.
The stalled legislation has the support of some of the state's biggest businesses, including The Hershey Co., as well as universities including Penn State. In recent days, a socially conservative group began an advertising campaign attacking the bills, which remain untouched in legislative committees.
Senate State Government Committee Chairman Mike Folmer, R-Lebanon, said this week he wants to vet the bill in his committee to make sure it does not violate anybody's religious liberties or freedom of conscience.
AlertMe
Atlanta, Georgia (The Adobo Chronicles) – Okra, that bright green and slimy vegetable which is a main ingredient in the Filipino dish pinakbet and that popular fried delicacy in many U.S. southern states, has just been declared illegal by the American government.
Georgia police raided a retired Atlanta man's garden last Wednesday after a helicopter crew with the Governor's Task Force for Drug Suppression spotted suspicious-looking plants on the man's property. A heavily-armed K9 unit arrived and discovered that the plants were, in fact, okra bushes.
“Okra looks a lot like marijuana (cannabis) plants so they have to be confiscated or destroyed and their owners prosecuted,” a spokesperson for the Georgia police told reporters.
Okra growers in California and other states were shocked at the new government policy and are planning a million march in Washington, D.C. sometime this month which happens to be Filipino American Heritage Month.
“No one can take away my pinakbet from me,” said Juan dela Cruz, an 88 year-old World War II Filipino veteran who lives in Delano, California.
Advertisements
Early on this morning, Asian promotion One FC put on their 14th event called ‘The War of Nations' in Malaysia. In all likelihood, you missed the event while you were sleeping, but resident GIF artist, Zombie Prophet compiled all the GIF's, highlights, and results you need below.
In the main event of the evening, Nobutatsu Suzuki defeated Brock Larson to become the new One FC Welterweight champion. Former Bellator Welterweight champion, Ben Askren, will likely take on Suzuki for the title in the coming months.
Peter Davis vs Waqar Umar
Peter Davis defeats Waqar Umar by TKO (strikes) Round 2 (3:07)
Exchange
Finish
Kotetsu Boku vs Arnaud Lepont
Kotetsu Boku def. Arnaud Lepont by TKO (strikes) Round 1 (4:06)
Finish
Andrew Leone vs Shinichi Kojima
Andrew Leone defeats Shinichi Kojima by unanimous decision
Kamal Shalorus vs Ariel Sexton
Kamal Shalorus defeats Ariel Sexton by unanimous decision
Knee
Reversal to mount
Slam takedown
Adriano Moraes vs Yasuhiro Urushitani
Adriano Moraes defeats Yasuhiro Urushitani by submission (rear-naked choke) Round 2 (3:48)
Finish
Dae Hwan Kim vs Kevin Belingon
Dae Hwan Kim defeats Kevin Belingon by submission (rear-naked choke) Round 1 (4:39)
Exchange and takedown
Finish
Nobutatsu Suzuki vs Brock Larson
Nobutatsu Suzuki defeats Brock Larson by unanimous decision
Knees and takedown
Knees
Ground and pound
Low blow? and Soccer kicks
Just missed Soccer kick
John Lincoln Clem (August 13, 1851 – May 13, 1937) was a United States Army general who served as a drummer boy in the Union Army in the American Civil War. He gained fame for his bravery on the battlefield, becoming the youngest noncommissioned officer in Army history. He retired from the U.S. Army in 1915, having attained the rank of brigadier general in the Quartermaster Corps; he was the last veteran of the American Civil War still on duty in the U.S. Armed Forces. By special act of Congress on August 29, 1916, he was promoted to major general one year after his retirement.[1]
Career [ edit ]
American Civil War [ edit ]
When enlisted, his name was spelled 'Klem'
Born with the surname "Klem" in Newark, Ohio on August 13, 1851, he is said to have run away from home at age 10 in May 1861, after the death of his mother in a train accident, to become a Union Army drummer boy.[2] First he attempted to enlist in the 3rd Ohio Infantry, but was rejected because of his age and small size. He then tried to join the 22nd Michigan, which also refused him. He tagged along anyway and the 22nd eventually adopted him as mascot and drummer boy. Officers chipped in to pay him the regular soldier's wage of $13 a month and allowed him to officially enlist two years later. Research has shown that Clem's claims about the 3rd Ohio and running away from home in 1861 (rather than in either 1862 or 1863) may be fictitious.[2]
A popular legend suggests that Clem served as a drummer boy with the 22nd Michigan at the Battle of Shiloh. The legend suggests that he came very near to losing his life when a fragment from a shrapnel shell crashed through his drum, knocking him unconscious, and that subsequently his comrades who found and rescued him from the battlefield nicknamed Clem "Johnny Shiloh."[3] The weight of historical evidence however suggests that Clem could not have taken part in the battle of Shiloh. The 22nd Michigan appears to be the first unit in which Clem served in any capacity, but this regiment had not yet been constituted at the time of the battle (mustering into service in August 1862 – four months after the Battle of Shiloh).[2] The Johnny Shiloh legend appears instead to stem from a popular Civil War song, "The Drummer Boy of Shiloh" by William S. Hays.
Regardless of his entry into service, Clem served as a drummer boy for the 22nd Michigan at the Battle of Chickamauga. He is said to have ridden an artillery caisson to the front and wielded a musket trimmed to his size. In the course of a Union retreat, he shot a Confederate colonel who had demanded his surrender. After the battle, the "Drummer Boy of Chickamauga" was promoted to sergeant, the youngest soldier ever to be a noncommissioned officer in the United States Army.[4] Secretary of the Treasury, later Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court, and fellow Ohioan, Salmon P. Chase, decorated him for his heroics at Chickamauga. Clem's fame for the shooting is also open for debate, despite press reports supporting the story into the early 20th century.[2] It is possible that he wounded Col. Calvin Walker, whose 3rd Tennessee opposed the 22nd Michigan towards the end of the battle.
Clem in 1867
In October 1863, Clem was captured in Georgia by Confederate cavalrymen while detailed as a train guard. The Confederates confiscated his U.S. uniform which reportedly upset him terribly—including his cap which had three bullet holes in it.[5] He was included in a prisoner exchange a short time later, but the Confederate newspapers used his age and celebrity status for propaganda purposes, to show "what sore straits the Yankees are driven, when they have to send their babies out to fight us." After participating with the Army of the Cumberland in many other battles, serving as a mounted orderly, he was discharged in September 1864. Clem was wounded in combat twice during the war.
Later life [ edit ]
Clem graduated from high school in 1870. In 1871, he was elected commander/captain of the "Washington Rifles" a District of Columbia Army National Guard militia unit. After he attempted unsuccessfully to enter the United States Military Academy, after failing the entrance exam, President Ulysses S. Grant appointed him second lieutenant in the Twenty Fourth United States Infantry in December 1871. Clem was promoted to first lieutenant in 1874. Clem graduated from artillery school at Fort Monroe in 1875. He was promoted to captain in 1882 and transferred to the Quartermaster Department where he stayed for the rest of his career. He was promoted to major in 1895.
During the Spanish–American War in 1898 he served as depot quartermaster in Portland, Oregon as well as department quartermaster for the Department of Columbia. He then served in the occupation of Puerto Rico as depot and chief quartermaster in San Juan.
Clem was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1901 and to colonel in 1903. He then served from 1906 to 1911 as chief quartermaster at Fort Sam Houston in Texas.
Clem in 1922
Clem reached the mandatory retirement age of 64 on August 13, 1915, when he was retired and promoted to the rank of brigadier general, as was customary for American Civil War veterans who retired at the rank of colonel. Clem was the last veteran of the American Civil War serving in the U.S. Army at the time of his retirement,[2] though another Civil War veteran, Peter Conover Hains, re-entered the service in 1917. On August 29, 1916, Clem was promoted on the retired list to the rank of major general.[6]
Personal life [ edit ]
He married Anita Rosetta French in 1875. After her death in 1899, he married Bessie Sullivan of San Antonio in 1903. Sullivan was the daughter of a Confederate veteran, leading Clem to claim that he was "the most united American" alive.[2] Clem was the father of three children. Clem was a companion of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States and the Military Order of Foreign Wars.
After retirement he lived in Washington, D.C. before returning to San Antonio, Texas. He died in San Antonio on May 13, 1937, and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington County, Virginia.
Through his military career Clem held the following ranks:[7]
Musician and Lance Sergeant, Co. C, 22nd Michigan Infantry – 1 May 1863 to 19 September 1864
2nd Lieutenant – 18 December 1871
1st Lieutenant – 5 October 1874
Captain – 4 May 1882
Major – 16 May 1895
Lieutenant Colonel – 2 February 1901
Colonel – 15 August 1903
Brigadier General (Retired) – 13 August 1915
Major General (Retired) – 29 August 1916
Awards [ edit ]
Memorialization [ edit ]
A 6-foot bronze statue of young John Clem stands near the Buckingham Meeting House in Newark, Ohio.
A World War II U.S. Army troopship, the USAT John L. Clem , was named in his honor. The ship was scrapped in 1948.
, was named in his honor. The ship was scrapped in 1948. A public school in Newark, Ohio, is named after him: Johnny Clem Elementary School.
The city of Heath, Ohio, is co-extensive with Johnny Clem Township.[8]
Film portrayals [ edit ]
In 1963, Walt Disney produced a made-for-TV film entitled Johnny Shiloh, with Kevin Corcoran in the title role. The film was telecast on the Disney anthology television series. The Sherman Brothers wrote the film's theme song; their 1968 movie musical score for The One and Only Genuine Original Family Band also included a song about him called "Drummin', Drummin', Drummin'," performed in the film by Walter Brennan who played an ex-Confederate soldier.
In 2007 Historical Productions released the movie Johnny "The True Story of a Civil War Legend" starring Cody Piper in the role of Johnny Lincoln (Shiloh) Clem. The movie is filmed in a documentary narrative way with many U.S. Civil War reenactments. The movie is filled with information about what life was like as a Union soldier. By using actual photos, the viewer gains an understanding of the hardships caused by the Civil War.[9] [10]
Gallery [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
9. [1] Chickamauga 10. [2]
Caffeine is a commonly used neurostimulant that also produces cerebral vasoconstriction by antagonizing adenosine receptors. Chronic caffeine use results in an adaptation of the vascular adenosine receptor system presumably to compensate for the vasoconstrictive effects of caffeine. We investigated the effects of caffeine on cerebral blood flow (CBF) in increasing levels of chronic caffeine use. Low (mean = 45 mg/day), moderate (mean = 405 mg/day), and high (mean = 950 mg/day) caffeine users underwent quantitative perfusion magnetic resonance imaging on four separate occasions: twice in a caffeine abstinent state (abstained state) and twice in a caffeinated state following their normal caffeine use (native state). In each state, there were two drug conditions: participants received either caffeine (250 mg) or placebo. Gray matter CBF was tested with repeated-measures analysis of variance using caffeine use as a between-subjects factor, and correlational analyses were conducted between CBF and caffeine use. Caffeine reduced CBF by an average of 27% across both caffeine states. In the abstained placebo condition, moderate and high users had similarly greater CBF than low users; but in the native placebo condition, the high users had a trend towards less CBF than the low and moderate users. Our results suggest a limited ability of the cerebrovascular adenosine system to compensate for high amounts of daily caffeine use.
Dr Helen Wright, president of the Girls' Schools Association, said many men only paid lip service to beliefs in equality, and said girls should learn some men still hold old-fashioned views about women.
"We tread a fine line in schools because we are emboldening girls to be anything they want to be," Dr Wright told the Evening Standard, after addressing the Girls' Schools Annual Conference last week.
"But if we don't say there is still a job to do to push boundaries, we are doing them a disservice. We should tell them to be prepared – but go and do it anyway."
Dr Wright, who is head of St Mary's Calne school in Wiltshire, led by example last year when she returned to work just seven hours after giving birth to her third child, a daughter called Jessica.
The mother-of-three, who became the youngest public school head teacher in the country aged 30, gave birth shortly before 7am and returned to her study after lunchtime.
She said at the time that parents expected her to be "an excellent role model" for their daughters.
Describing persistent sexism, she said: "You only have to scratch the surface of many successful men's beliefs to find they still think men are the breadwinners, and it is only the done thing to say they believe in equality.
"Women still think that in order to succeed in the world of work you need to be able to employ masculine traits. This is nonsense but it has become a pervasive attitude."
Speaking at the conference last week, she said: "There is a whole world out there, and it is a world for which we are preparing the girls and young women in our schools – preparing them not to repeat the mistakes of our past, but to play their part in creating a fairer, better society."
Jimin andrevealed they went on severe diets.�
The October 30 episode of JTBC's 'Please Take Care of My Refrigerator' continued airing the special with the two BTS members. During the show, Jimin shared, "I came to think that I want to become handsome while looking at the mirror during 'Blood, Sweat & Tears' practice."�
He then revealed, "So then I went on a diet; eating only one meal a day for 10 days." However, Jimin said,�"I struggled that much to lose weight but the handsome ranking within the group remained the same..."
Jin also added, "I'm continuously on a diet. Two chunks of chicken breast are one pack. I survived eating two packs a day for a year. I even experienced malnutrition because I need to consume vitamins but went on a diet without doing so."
CLOSE Lawmakers want to change the way signatures are gathered on the ballot in Arizona. Wochit
Arizona lawmakers want to change the process for collecting signatures for ballot initiatives. (Photo: Stacie Scott/The Republic)
In an attempt to gain control over laws proposed by citizens, the House on Thursday night approved a package of bills designed to rein in the century-old initiative process enshrined in the Arizona Constitution at statehood.
Opponents say the moves would undercut the power of the people to shape laws, and run counter to the citizen initiative process, while proponents argue lawmakers need the flexibility to fix unforeseen problems that might arise from a ballot measure. The measures now move to the Senate for consideration.
Four bills affect the initiative process. Two ask the voters to review the 19-year-old Voter Protection Act that blocks the Legislature from changing voter initiatives; the other two make changes to the laws governing initiatives. They passed along party lines, with Republicans in support and Democrats opposed, in a contentious session that lasted late into the night.
Even if the bills win Senate approval in the coming weeks, two would need voter approval in November 2018. Two others would go to Gov. Doug Ducey for his signature.
Still pending is a bill that would change the way signatures are gathered on citizen initiative petitions. House Concurrent Resolution 2029 won approval from a committee late Wednesday but was held up from a full vote over questions about its constitutionality.
Also Thursday, lawmakers rejected a bill to tighten the use of money from the state's public-campaign-finance system to prevent dollars from going to state political parties. House Bill 2403 failed because it sought to change a voter-approved law that is shielded by the Voter Protection Act. Any change would have required 40 "yes" votes, or three-fourths vote of the full House; it only mustered 35 votes.
Mounting pressure
Last fall's passage of Proposition 206 to raise the state's minimum wage intensified efforts to curb citizen initiatives. Business groups objected to the measure, but declined to mount a campaign to fight it, assuming the higher wage would have broad appeal.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The minimum-wage law, in effect since Jan. 1, is now the subject of a case before the Arizona Supreme Court. Meanwhile, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce & Industry, along with other business groups, worked with Republican lawmakers to seek ways to change how petitions are gathered, resulting in House Bill 2404. On Thursday, many provisions of the bill were dropped amid concerns about its constitutionality.
In its amended form, HB 2404 primarily would ban the practice of paying petition passers for each signature gathered. The bill's sponsor, Rep. Vince Leach, R-Tucson, argued the move would reduce fraud because circulators wouldn't have an incentive to boost their signature totals possibly by making up names.
Democrats saw a different motivation.
“We are telling the public: We want to make it more difficult for you to get something on the ballot,” Rep. Tony Navarrete, D-Phoenix, said as he voted "no."
Gone from the bill are earlier provisions requiring the group promoting a citizen initiative to post a bond that could run up to $50,000; a "strict compliance" requirement that could lead to petitions being tossed if the margins on the petition pages were off from state requirements by even a few millimeters; and training requirements, among others.
Other restrictions
In other ballot-related action on Thursday, the House:
Approved HCR 2002, sponsored by Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, R-Scottsdale. This asks voters to repeal Proposition 105, a citizen-initiated measure that voters approved in 1998 and is commonly known as the Voter Protection Act. It bars lawmakers from changing any voter-approved measure unless it advances the intent of the measure and even then, requires a three-fourths vote of the 90-member Legislature. It also bars the governor from vetoing any such measure.
Republicans argued it was time to give the voters another look at the measure. It would give them a chance to show how the measure's strict terms sometimes handcuffs lawmakers and locks the state into inflexible policies.
But Democrats refused, saying the voters have spoken and distrust any attempt by the Legislature to open up the Voter Protection Act.
Approved HCR 2007, also a Ugenti-Rita proposal. This measure, like HCR 2002, would go to the voters in November 2018. It would exempt citizen referenda from the provisions of the Voter Protection Act. That means if voters decided to overturn a law passed by the Legislature, lawmakers could go back and pass the same law — something the Voter Protection Act currently prohibits.
Approved HB 2320, a third Ugenti-Rita proposal. This would require ballots that have a citizen initiative on them to state that if an initiative is passed, the Voter Protection Act shields it from any changes. The disclosure also would be required on the official publicity pamphlet as well as any advertising and fundraising materials associated with the ballot measure.
Rep. Ken Clark, D-Phoenix, said the requirement for ads and fundraisers is ripe for a lawsuit. "Bills like this are forced political speech," he said.
Rejected HB 2403. This bill from Rep. Doug Coleman, R-Apache Junction, sought to prevent a candidate running under the state's public campaign-finance system from directing any of those public funds to a political party.
The Citizens Clean Elections Commission, which runs the system, is working on internal rules to block such transfers and has argued the law is not needed.
Waiting in the wings
Still awaiting a House vote is Rep. Don Shooter's HCR 2029. Shooter, R-Yuma, proposes a further change in how petition signatures are gathered. His bill would require anyone launching a petition to acquire voter signatures from each of Arizona's 30 legislative districts to qualify for the ballot. The required number would be a percentage of people who voted for governor in the most-recent election.
Currently, the minimums are based on voters statewide, meaning they could come solely from large population centers.
Supporters, such as Shooter, say it's needed to protect a minority of voters from being overlooked by a well-funded liberal cause. Critics say the change would make it harder to qualify a measure for the ballot because a minority of districts could block it.
If lawmakers really were sincere about changing the way petition signatures are gathered, they would apply it to themselves, Doris Marie Provine of the Arizona Advocacy Network told lawmakers earlier in the week.
While Democrats bitterly fought Thursday's initiative bills, arguing voters have already spoken, Republicans said they want to get fresh eyes on the state's initiative process.
Rep. T.J. Shope, R-Coolidge, noted he was 13 when the Voter Protection Act was approved in 1998. Voters spoke then, he said, but he didn't get a chance.
“What about my will as a voter?” Shope said.
Reach the reporter at maryjo.pitzl@arizonarepublic.com and follow her on Twitter, @maryjpitzl.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2lzSTyR
Courtesy of Gary Hall Sr., 10-time World Record Holder, 3-time Olympian, 1976 Olympic Games US Flagbearer and The Race Club co-founder.
The best streamline swimming position has become a center for controversy in swimming. At The Race Club, we believe the best way to streamline is by squeezing the elbows together behind the head and by pressing the shoulders up away from the sockets, with legs together, toes pointed and chin tucked down almost to the chest. The stomach then excavates, the skin tightens and the whole body is in alignment. We call this position the hyper-streamline. It is not a comfortable position nor a natural human position to be in. Therefore, swimmers tend to not use a hyper-streamline often and when they do, it is rarely executed with 100% precision.
In this Swimisode, learn techniques we teach at the Race Club swim camps that will help you improve your swimming streamline. Coach Gary Hall explains how to feel the benefits of the hyper-streamline position by creating a contest among the elite swimmers. In this Swimisode, swimmers push off the wall in different positions that allow them to feel the drag forces at work and to appreciate the extra effort required to streamline tightly. You will discover why water is such an unforgiving medium to be in because it is 800 times denser than air.
Watch Backstroke World Champion Swimmer, Junya Koga, Open Water Swimming Champ Lexie Kelly and Olympic Gold Medalist and 4 time Olympian Roland Schoeman demonstrate a perfect swimming streamline. Learn how to perform the best and tightest streamline and have fun while doing it! As an additional drill and exercise, we advocate kicking with Finis alignment board and DMC mono snorkel in the hyper-streamline position for proper body alignment.
Like The Race Club on Facebook
Follow The Race Club on Instagram
Follow The Race Club on Twitter
Connect to The Race Club / Gary Hall Sr. on Linkedin
[email protected]
See The Race Club HQ here.
Because Life is Worth Swimming, our mission is to promote swimming through sport, lifelong enjoyment, and good health benefits. Our objective is for each member of and each participant in The Race Club to improve his or her swimming performances, health, and self-esteem through our educational programs, services and creativity. We strive to help each member of The Race Club overcome challenges and reach his or her individual life goals.
The Race Club provides facilities, coaching, training, technical instruction, video, fitness and health programs for swimmers of all ages and abilities. Race Club swim camps are designed and tailored to satisfy each swimmer's needs, whether one is trying to reach the Olympic Games or simply improve one's fitness. Our programs are suitable for beginner swimmers, pleasure swimmers, fitness swimmers, USA swimming or YMCA swimmers, or triathletes; anyone who wants to improve swimming skills. All of our Race Club members share an enjoyment of being in the water and use swimming to stimulate a more active mind and body.
Ronnie Stanley Expected To Play Thursday Night
Ravens fans got quite the scare Saturday night when they saw Stanley, the team's first-round pick, leave the field and head for the locker room.
Head Coach John Harbaugh said it was a soft-tissue injury, but added that things didn't seem too serious.
“Both Harbaugh and Stanley declined to disclose the injury, but both seemed confident the sixth-overall pick won't miss a significant amount of time,” wrote Zrebiec. “Stanley said he's optimistic he'll play in the preseason opener Thursday against the Carolina Panthers.
“Stanley was replaced at left tackle by fellow rookie Alex Lewis, a fourth-round pick. The 6-foot-6, 315-pound Lewis has been splitting time between guard and tackle, as he did in college with Nebraska.”
Josh Johnson Playing Better Than Ryan Mallett?
Mallett is expected to be the primary backup to Flacco this season, but if you ask CSNMidAtlantic.com's Clifton Brown, another backup has outshined Mallett so far in training camp.
“Backup quarterback Josh Johnson has thrown the ball better in camp than Ryan Mallett,” Brown wrote. “Throughout camp, Johnson has been more accurate than Ryan Mallett, the Ravens' No. 2 quarterback. It's very unlikely the Ravens will keep three quarterbacks, and it's also unlikely the Ravens will part with Mallett.
“However, if Mallett wants to eliminate any suspense about his backup role, he needs to perform more consistently.”
Running Back Competition Heating Up With Dixon Standing Out
Ravens coaches have a very good problem on their hands … they have four running backs that are all playing very, very well. Harbaugh will either have to cut one back, or leave another position a little thin.
With fourth-round rookie Dixon shining upon his return from injury, things are only getting more interesting.
“[T]he Ravens' competition at running back is heating up,” wrote Brown. “Dixon made sharp cuts, showed excellent acceleration, and looked fully recovered from his knee injury suffered early in camp.
“Even if Forsett keeps the starting job, there is no reason to overwork him if the younger backs show they are ready to contribute consistently. Forsett, Allen, and Dixon are probably locks to make the 53-man roster. West's impressive camp could force the Ravens to keep all four backs.”
*Another Rookie, Tavon Young, Turning Heads *“There is one player every summer that comes out of nowhere, turns heads, and instantly becomes the guy all in attendance search out,” wrote Russell Street Report's Brian Bower. “They're [not] just noticeable; they stand out.”
Who is Bower referring to?
Just another fourth-round rookie: Young.
Bower goes on to talk about how Young has been stacking days, and despite his smaller 5-foot-9, has kept the bigger Ravens wide receivers at bay. He always seems to be around the ball, notching an interception or a near-interception on an almost daily basis.
Young was asked how many picks he can get this season, and he responded with a big smile: “As many as I can get. Put me down for 100.”
As predicted, the US House of Representatives has passed HR 358, otherwise known as the "Protect Life Act," otherwise known as the bill that would allow hospitals to let women die rather than perform a life-saving abortion. Every single Republican in the House supported the measure, and 11 Democrats crossed the aisle to join their life-protecting brethren. USA! USA! USA!
While the bill is unlikely to pass the Senate (and even if it did, it would almost certainly be vetoed by President Obama), last night's orgy of meaningless pro-life political grandstanding brought us a debate that is all colors of horrible.
Advertisement
Bill sponsor Joe Pitts (R-PA), who harbors a well known crush on all fetuses, claims that he penned the legislation in order to close a legal loophole, that it just extends regulations that already prohibit federal funds from covering abortions to the Affordable Care Act. The bill's designed, he says, to prohibit any insurance plan that receives federal subsidies. If enacted, insurance plans offered on the new exchanges proposed by the health care reform law would be banned from covering abortion if even one person enrolling in the plan receives federal subsidies. Because many, many people would be receiving federal insurance subsidies under the Affordable Care Act, this bill would effectively ban private insurance from covering abortion for anyone, no matter who is paying their insurance premiums.
In spite of the shit sandwich that is the rest of the proposed law, it gets worse. As we mentioned earlier this week, the the bill contains a provision that would let hospitals that receive federal subsidies refuse to treat women seeking abortions, no matter the circumstances.
Advertisement
It's depressing that in this day and age, what happens inside a woman's skin is still up for political debate, and many Congresswomen took to the floor last night to express their rage. In response, they got championship level dickery and insensitivity.
Of the measure, former House speaker Nancy Pelosi said,
Under this bill, when the Republicans vote for this bill today, they will be voting to say that women can die on the floor of health care providers ... it's just appalling. I can't even describe to you the logic of what they are doing today.
Advertisement
California's Jackie Speier pleaded for the necessity of the availability of abortion in order to save women's lives; she'd undergone a life-saving abortion after her body started to miscarry. She told her colleagues that if she had had to travel to another hospital for the procedure, if the hospital where she initially landed had refused to help her, she might have died.
North Carolina Republican and Unrepentant Asshole Virginia Foxx ignored the living, breathing woman in front of her and appealed to her stalwart pro-fetus stance in a confusing ramble in response,
For my colleagues across the aisle who say that this is a misogynist bill, nobody has ever fought more for the rights of women than I have. Fifty percent of the unborn babies that are being aborted are females. So the misogyny comes from those that promote the killing of unborn babies. That's where the misogyny comes in, Madame Speaker.
Advertisement
In addition to changing the gender of the Speaker of the House, Foxx said what many social conservatives in support of this bill are obviously thinking. This isn't about funding, and it isn't about closing loopholes. It's about making abortion so difficult to obtain that only the privileged few can afford it. Conservatives want to show their constituents that they will put the rights of an embryo before the rights of a woman.
The whole thing is — to put it in the nicest, most polite words I can muster — fucking absurd. It's insulting on so many levels — to all women who are being told that their lives are not worth as much as a fetus, to the American public, who should be smart enough to call this bit of bullshit out as political theater and a waste of government time and resources (or to understand that, since 1 in 3 women get abortions in their lifetimes and since most major corporations include abortion coverage in their employee health care plans no matter what they do, some of their precious money is going toward paying for abortion), to the entire concept of American democracy, which is not supposed to be a system where the powerful few gets to determine the rights of the oppressed many.
House Advances Protect Life Act: Pelosi Says it Would Let Women 'Die on the Floor' [IBT]
It's the Clue game transported to the world of Star Wars. In this game, it's a period of civil war, and players have managed to sneak onto the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star! Be the first player to find out which planet Darth Vader plans to destroy next, which room the Death Star plans are hidden in, and which vehicle is the correct escape vehicle. The cards revealing the correct planet, room, and vehicle are placed in the mission folder at the beginning of the game — no one sees what these are until the end. The player who correctly identifies what's in the folder wins! Star Wars products are produced by Hasbro under license from Lucasfilm Ltd. Hasbro Gaming and all related terms are trademarks of Hasbro.
View 10 Photos
With a midsize sports vehicle one of the projects mentioned in the recent BMW and Toyota partnership announcement, we can't wait to see what the automakers are developing. So far, we know that Toyota will provide its knowledge on environmentally friendly, hybrid, and fuel-cell technology, while BMW will contribute its expertise engineering "highly dynamic" vehicles to the sports car project. Toyota already collaborated with Subaru on a small sports car, and now we have the rear-drive FR-S and BRZ. When it comes to the BMW-Toyota midsize sports vehicle, which automaker do you think will benefit more?
Eventually, some of the technology sharing could filter into other products. BMW's ActiveHybrid line could benefit from Toyota's patented hybrid technology, whereas some Toyota models could benefit from improved driving dynamics. Part of the latest agreement includes joint research of lightweight materials, such as reinforced composites both automakers could use.
Some speculate that the midsize sports car could be the basis for a new Toyota Supra with similar hybrid technology seen on the Acura NSX and Porsche 918 Spyder. The four-part collaboration could also help aid development of the BMW i8. We'll hear more about the proposed sports car concept by the end of the year.
Which automaker do you think will benefit most from the BMW-Toyota sports car? Share your thoughts below.
Ulrich Merkl has unearthed a never-published strip by Littel Nemo creator and anmation innovator Winsor McCay, calld Dino.
It will be reproduced from original art and published by Fantagraphics in their book Dinomania: The Lost Art of Winsor McCay, The Secret Origins of King Kong, and the Urge to Destroy New York out in November.
Breathtakingly designed, each page of this deluxe oversize volume is overflowing with amazing imagery, with more than 650 photographs and illustrations (more than 250 in color)—most of them seen here for the first time in a century! An essential volume for everyone interested in the development of the comic strip—and our never-ending fascination with dinosaurs!
It's a pricey book at a hundred books, but there's a 45% discount with Amazon US (especially good if you live in the UK), which may be a better deal even for comic stores to order in advance rather than going via Diamond or direct with Fantagraphics. That discount won't last.
Here's what else Fantagraphics are offering in November.
BLUBBER #2
by Gilbert Hernandez
$3.99 / Comic / 24 pgs / 6.5 x 10
Humans have joined the cast of animals! A super special agent is sent to rid the forest region of the carnivorous Pollum (as seen in #1). A naked superwoman must find a secret lost artifact in order for the Blubber strip club to continue in business! A priest and his colleagues hunt down zombies! Over the top violence and explicit sex take us to a place where most comics fear to go!
HIP HOP FAMILY TREE #4
by Ed Piskor
$3.99 / Comic / 32 pgs / FC / 6.5 x 10
The best-seller is action packed in this issue. Rap battles will never be the same after Kool Moe Dee gets done with Busy Bee Starski in their legendary confrontation. Blondies “Rapture” plays on the first day's broadcast of a new channel called MTV. Grandmaster Flash and other rap groups get seduced by Sugar Hill Records.
DINOMANIA: THE LOST ART OF WINSOR MCCAY, THE SECRET ORIGINS OF KING KONG, AND THE URGE TO DESTROY NEW YORK
by Ulrich Merkl
$95.00 / HC / 296 pgs / FC / 11.75 x 15.75
This recently discovered comic strip by cartooning pioneer Winsor McCay opens a surprising new window into McCay's life and work and showcases his exquisitely beautiful delineations (reproduced from the original art). Merkl explores the influences McCay brought to the strip— from Gertie the Dinosaur to the animation in 1933's King Kong — and the growth of New York City from the Holland Tunnel to the Empire State Building—and traces our love of dinosaurs and monster movies down through the decades.
WALT DISNEY'S MICKEY MOUSE VOL. 8: “THE TOMORROW WARS”
by Floyd Gottfredson
$34.99 / HC / 272 pgs / PC / 10.5 x 8.75
WALT DISNEY'S MICKEY MOUSE VOLS. 7 & 8 GIFT BOX SET
by Floyd Gottfredson
$49.99 / HC / 544 pgs / PC / 10.5 x 8.5
The award winning series continues. A magic cloak sends Mickey and Minnie into a dystopian future of robots and wicked warlords and it is up to Mickey to end this electronic enemy's reign of terror! In bonus stories, artist Floyd Gottfredson sends Mickey out on a ghost ship and then pits Mickey against creepy chemist Drusilla and her morbid minions! This new eighth volume is also available in a handsome, holiday gift box set with Spring's Vol. 7: “March of the Zombies”!
WALT DISNEY UNCLE SCROOGE AND DONALD DUCK THE DON ROSA LIBRARY VOL 4: “THE LAST OF THE CLAN MCDUCK”
by Don Rosa
$29.99 / HC / 192 pgs / FC / 8.5 x 11
WALT DISNEY UNCLE SCROOGE AND DONALD DUCK THE DON ROSA LIBRARY VOLS. 3 & 4 GIFT BOX SET
by Don Rosa
$49.99 / HC / 376 pgs / FC / 8.5 x 11
In this fourth book of Duck epics by Don Rosa, the origin story of Scrooge McDuck, the world's richest duck, begins to unfold at last. From his Scottish boyhood, through his teenage years on Uncle Pothole's steamboat, his first fights with the Beagle Boys and his earliest meeting with Magica De Spell! Presented in brilliant color with a treasure trove of Rosa's cover art and behind-the-scenes factoids! Also available for the holidays is a stunning gift set containing this volume and last season's Vol. 3: “Treasure Under Glass”!
SNOOPY VS. THE RED BARON
by Charles M. Schulz
$24.99 / HC / 200 pgs / BW / 9.5 x 6.75
Snoopy Vs. the Red Baron collects all of Schulz's daily and Sunday newspaper strips starring Snoopy as the famous World War I flying ace, as seen in next month's The Peanuts Movie, perennially battling the infamous German Red Baron. These Snoopy and Red Baron encounters are some of the most inspired—and most popular—episodes in all Peanuts, and among the stories most beloved by children and adults alike.
THE COMPLETE PEANUTS 1957-58 PAPERBACK EDITION
by Charles M. Schulz; Introduction by Jonathan Franzen
$22.99 / SC / 328 pgs / PC / 8.25 x 6.5
THE COMPLETE PEANUTS 1955–1958 GIFT BOX SET PAPERBACK EDITION
By Charles M. Schulz; Introduction by Jonathan
Franzen Introductions by Matt Groening & Jonathan Franzen
$39.99 / SC / Two 328-page books in custom slipcase / PC / 8.25×6.5
In this fourth paperback volume, the 1950s close and Peanuts enters its golden age. Linus becomes downright eloquent and begins to fend off Lucy's bullying, although his neurosis becomes more pronounced, including a harrowing two-weeks of blanketlessness. Charlie Brown cascades further down the hill to loserdom, with lost kites and humiliating baseball losses. But the rising star is undoubtedly Snoopy. Also available for the holidays is a gift box containing this volume and Vol. 3 1955-1956.
PEANUTS: EVERY SUNDAY 1961-1965
by Charles M. Schulz
$49.99 / HC / 272 pgs / FC / 13.25 x 9.5
PEANUTS EVERY SUNDAY: THE 1950S GIFT BOX SET
by Charles M. Schulz
$79.99 / HC / 496 pgs in custom slipcase / FC / 13.25 x 9.5
The early-1960s strips of our latest volume comprises the first golden age of Peanuts Sundays in one gorgeous, full-color coffee table book. Linus, Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen, Shermy, Violet, Sally, Patty, and Schroeder are all present, but the rising star is undoubtedly Snoopy. Peanuts Every Sunday: 1961-1965 has been scrupulously re-colored to match the original syndicate coloring. Also available is our 1950s gift box set of every 1950's Peanuts Sunday in one set!
WALT DISNEY'S UNCLE SCROOGE GIFT BOX SET: “ONLY A POOR OLD MAN” AND “THE SEVEN CITIES OF GOLD”
by Carl Barks; Introduction by George Lucas
$49.99 / HC / 488 pgs / FC / 7.25 x 10
A double dose of the world's most adventurous duck and his hapless nephew! Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge: “Only a Poor Old Man” and Walt Disney's Uncle Scrooge: “The Seven Cities of Gold” make up this special boxed set of two of our most popular Donald Duck albums to date, exquisitely re-presenting the Duck stories of Carl Barks, one of the most brilliant cartoonists of the 20th century. Handsomely presented in an attractive box set at a special price that Uncle Scrooge himself would approve.
ZAP COMIX #16
by R. Crumb, Spain Rodriguez, Robert Williams, Rick Griffin, Gilbert Shelton, Victor Moscoso, Paul Mavrides and S. Clay Wilson
$14.99 / SC / 80 pgs / PC / 7 x 10
This final issue not only includes work by all eight Zap artists, but also a collaboration with Aline Kominsky and three double-page jams by the group. Plus: Zap's first-and-only color section, featuring comics by R. Crumb and Gilbert Shelton (his final Zap Wonder Warthog episode). Paul Mavrides provides an alternate version of Gilbert Shelton's and his Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers episode, “Phineas Becomes a Suicide Bomber”. Front cover by R. Crumb. Back cover by Moscoso.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
This weekend, a conference in Los Angeles will focus on atheists of color, and why their concerns are different from the concerns of white atheists. Organizers of the conference called Moving Social Justice says that it's about time the concerns of black atheists are recognized.
The black atheism conference will go beyond the usual atheism concerns, such as confronting religious believers and promoting science education. Instead, the conference will address issues of special interest to non-white atheists, focusing on the problems associated with economic and social inequality.
Sikivu Hutchinson, an atheist activist, author, and founder of Los Angeles' Black Skeptics — which is one of the black atheist groups organizing the conference — talked to the Washington Post about the differences between white and black atheists.
“Atheism is not a monolithic, monochromatic movement. By addressing issues that are culturally and politically relevant to communities of color, we are addressing a range of things that are not typically addressed within the mainstream atheist movement.”
What are those specific things that are more relevant to black atheists? Social justice is the greatest concern to the organizers because social justice issues are more pressing in non-white communities.
Hutchinson expanded on the point.
“There are people in our community that, while they may not believe in God, they are only going to sit down and listen to you talk about separation of church and state for so long. What is really on their mind is decent housing, feeding their children and affording school clothes.”
There's been a growing sentiment among atheist leaders — both black and white — to try to gear the atheism movement towards more pressing issues that confront everyday people. They believe that focusing on science education and the secularization of society is important by definition, but they also believe that the reason many people turn to religion in the first place is because of the difficulties they experience in their lives; atheism leaders are leaning toward the position that greater economic and social equality ultimately leads to less of a need for religion.
It's effectively a grassroots campaign: fix the ills of society from the ground up, and society will be far more open to atheism.
Presently, however, the amount of atheists in the United States is small, but rising steadily, according to the Pew Research Center. As of last year, only 2.4 percent of Americans called themselves atheists, compared with 73 percent of Americans who considered themselves Christians. 3.3 percent of Americans identified themselves as agnostics — that is, they believe that it's impossible to know whether or not a god exists. And perhaps most interestingly, 13.9 percent of Americans said they identified themselves as “nothing in particular” when it came to religious affiliation.
The Moving Social Justice conference focusing on atheism for people of color, will be held this weekend at the Center for Inquiry in Los Angeles.
[Image via Brandnewz]
We're very pleased to confirm that Foo Fighters will headline the Pyramid Stage on the Friday of this year's Festival. This will be the US rockers' first performance at Glastonbury since 1998.
Foo Fighters' appearance was revealed by frontman Dave Grohl at this evening's NME Awards, during his acceptance speech following the band's victory in the Best International Band category. Glastonbury was also honoured at the ceremony, picking up the Best Festival award.
Said Emily Eavis: “We feel incredibly lucky to have confirmed the Foo Fighters for the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury this year. Very few bands have the power to unite and energise a crowd like Foo Fighters do. We can't wait for them to rock Worthy Farm on Friday night.”
Tickets for Glastonbury 2015 sold out in October. There is likely to be a resale of any cancelled and returned tickets following April's ticket balance payment window.
USC head coach Lane Kiffin looks on during a 62-41 loss to Arizona State. (Photo11: Matt Kartozian, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights Kiffin's job status had been under scrutiny since before the start of the football season
NCAA sanctions have stripped the Trojans' roster of its depth
Kiffin has been a lightning rod at all of his head coaching stops - in Oakland, Tennessee and at USC
Hours after a 62-41 loss at Arizona State — Southern California's seventh in 11 games — Lane Kiffin has been fired, the school announced.
According to a release posted on the school's website and announced on Twitter, athletics director Pat Haden informed Kiffin of the decision after the team's charter flight arrived in Los Angeles early Sunday morning. The release said there will be a news conference later Sunday.
PREVIOUSLY: USC, Kiffin try to focus on positives
Kiffin's record at USC in three-plus seasons is 28-15 and 32-19 in four-plus seasons overall. The Trojans are 3-2 but 0-2 in Pac-12 play. Kiffin took the USC job after Pete Carroll's departure for the NFL's Seattle Seahawks in January 2010, and had to deal with the impact of severe NCAA sanctions, including 30 lost scholarships over a three-year period and a two-year bowl ban, for rules violations that occurred during Carroll's era. The Trojans went 8-5 in 2010, 10-2 in 2011 and were ranked No. 1 in the preseason polls in 2012, but finished 7-6 and unranked.
Kiffin, 38, a former USC assistant, was the seventh-youngest FBS-level head coach entering the 2013 season. He was head coach of the NFL's Oakland Raiders from 2007-08 and at the University of Tennessee in 2009 before jumping to USC after one season. He drew criticism for brash actions during his tenure at Tennessee, and again last season at USC.
PREVIOUSLY: Signs of change at USC, Texas
USC allowed 612 yards to Arizona State and committed four turnovers. Haden and USC school president Max Nikias were seen on the sidelines in what appeared to be in serious discussions in the late stages of the loss. The Trojans still must play Stanford, Notre Dame and UCLA.
USC has a bye this week, next playing Oct. 10 against Arizona at home. The Trojans could be without star receiver Marqise Lee, who suffered a left knee injury returning a punt in the fourth quarter Saturday. Earlier in the game, Lee set the school record for career receiving yards.
"It didn't look very good," Kiffin said after the game. "It didn't sound very good or look very good, so that's all I got for you."
George Schroeder, a national college football reporter for USA TODAY Sports, is on Twitter @GeorgeSchroeder.
PHOTOS: LANE KIFFIN DURING HIS TIME AS USC'S HEAD COACH
The Battle of Zorndorf, fought on 25 August 1758, during the Seven Years' War, was fought between Russian troops commanded by Count William Fermor and a Prussian army commanded by King Frederick the Great. The battle was tactically inconclusive, with both armies holding their ground and claiming victory.[13] The site of the battle was the Prussian village of Zorndorf (now Sarbinowo, Poland).
Seven Years' War [ edit ]
Although the Seven Years' War was a global conflict, it was particularly intense in the European theater based on the recently concluded War of the Austrian Succession (1740–1748). The 1748 Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle gave Frederick II of Prussia, known as Frederick the Great, the prosperous province of Silesia as a consequence of the First and Second Silesian Wars. Empress Maria Theresa of Austria had signed the treaty to gain time to rebuild her military forces and forge new alliances; she was intent upon regaining ascendancy in the Holy Roman Empire as well as the Silesian province.[15] In 1754, escalating tensions with Britain in North America offered France an opportunity to break the British dominance of Atlantic trade. Seeing the opportunity to regain her lost territories and to limit Prussia's growing power, Austria put aside the old rivalry with France to form a new coalition. Faced with this turn of events, Britain aligned herself with the Kingdom of Prussia; this alliance drew in not only the British king's territories held in personal union, including Hanover, but also those of his relatives in the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg and the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel. This series of political maneuvers became known as the Diplomatic Revolution.[16][17][18]
At the outset of the war, Frederick had one of the finest armies in Europe: his troops—any company—could fire at least four volleys a minute, and some of them could fire five.[19] By the end of 1757, the course of the war had gone well for Prussia, and poorly for Austria. Prussia had achieved spectacular victories at Rossbach and Leuthen, and reconquered parts of Silesia that had fallen back to Austria.[20] The Prussians then pressed south into Austrian Moravia. In April 1758, Prussia and Britain concluded the Anglo-Prussian Convention in which the British committed to pay Frederick an annual subsidy of £670,000. Britain also dispatched 7,000–9,000 troops [Note 1] to reinforce the army of Frederick's brother-in-law, the Duke Ferdinand of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. Ferdinand evicted the French from Hanover and Westphalia and re-captured the port of Emden in March 1758; he crossed the Rhine, causing general alarm in France. Despite Ferdinand's victory over the French at the Battle of Krefeld and the brief occupation of Düsseldorf, successful maneuvering of larger French forces required him to withdraw across the Rhine.[21][22]
After the Battle of Kolín, having pushed the Prussians out of Bohemia in the summer of 1757, and the cleverly waged campaign in the autumn that saw Lieutenant-General the Duke of Bevern's Prussians defeated at the Battle of Breslau (22 November 1757), Empress Maria Theresa of Austria believed her fortunes were taking a turn for the better; however, the situation soon changed when Frederick defeated, first, the French at Rossbach and, then, the Austrians at Leuthen. In August 1758, Austria's ally Russia invaded East Prussia. 43,000 troops under William Fermor advanced within 100 km (62 mi) of Berlin, and were poised to join the Austrians under Field Marshal Daun. King Frederick understood that the joining of his enemies would spell the fall of Berlin and, deciding to forestall their plans, moved to the Russian rear. Fermor, who was then besieging Küstrin, learned about this maneuver from a Cossack sortie. He lifted the siege and occupied a position at Zorndorf, 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Küstrin. At the Battle of Tornow a month later, a Swedish army repulsed the Prussian army but did not move on Berlin.[23] By late summer, fighting had reached a draw. None of Prussia's enemies seemed willing to take the decisive steps to pursue Frederick into Prussia's heartland.[24]
While Ferdinand kept the French occupied in the Rhineland, Prussia had to contend with Sweden, Russia, and Austria. There remained a possibility that Prussia could lose Silesia to Austria, Pomerania to Sweden, Magdeburg to Saxony, and East Prussia to Poland-Lithuania or Russia: for Prussia, this represented an entirely nightmarish scenario.[25] By 1758, Frederick was concerned by the Russian advance from the east and marched to counter it. East of the Oder river in Brandenburg-Neumark, a Prussian army of 35,000 men fought a Russian army of 43,000 at Zorndorf on 25 August 1758.[26]
Terrain [ edit ]
Zorndorf is a sizeable hamlet in a peat wilderness, full of scraggy firs, heaths, and cultivated spaces resembling light green islands in a mass of dark fir. In the mid-18th century, it was very marshy, full of bogs; eventually Prussians developed a firm broad road, but this was not even dreamed of in 1758, when it was characterized by bog pools and a semi island some 5–6 mi (8–10 km) from the Oder river, and about 50 ft (15 m) above the river. Thomas Carlyle, who toured the ground 100 years later, investigated some of the old records: he called these marshes "leakages" approximately 2–3 miles broad, mostly bottomless and woven with sluggish creeks and stagnant pools. Zorndorf lies at the crown of this morass of nearly unpassable terrain.[27]
Battle [ edit ]
Realistic painting depicting the Battle of Zorndorf, by Wojciech Kossak , 1899
On 25 August Frederick's infantry attacked a Russian "Observation Corps," which consisted of young conscripts only. The Russians managed to hold their own until the famed cavalry of Friedrich Wilhelm von Seydlitz struck against them. The Russian cavalry clashed with the Prussians, but was routed and had to flee towards the lines of the Russian infantrymen who, confused by clouds of dust and gun smoke, mistook them for the Prussians and opened artillery fire.
In the meantime, Frederick's infantry fell upon the left wing of the Russian army. Frederick intended to repeat the oblique order assault that had granted him victory at the Battle of Leuthen, yet as the Russian lines were unable to retreat due to the swamps in their rear,[10] and the left flank of Frederick's army was likewise unable to enclose the Russian lines because of the unfavorable terrain and successful Russian resistance,[28] the battle took the course of an extremely bloody, frontal clash of the adversaries' armies within a narrow battlefield setting.[29]
During the ensuing battle, both sides quickly ran out of gunpowder and engaged in hand-to-hand fighting. When some of the Prussian battalions showed signs of tiring, Frederick himself led them in an attack. The battle was described by contemporaries as the bloodiest in the 18th century. One Prussian officer reported that "bodies of Russians covered the field row by row; they kissed their cannons while their bodies were cut to pieces by our sabers, but still they would not retreat."[30] After the battle, Frederick famously declared that "it's easier to kill the Russians than to win over them."[31]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The Prussians lost 11,390 men and immediately claimed that the Russians numbered 70,000 men and lost between 20,000 and 22,000 in total. Two days later they claimed to have defeated 80,000 men and killed 26,000; eventually, this inflated number rose to 30,000 dead in a letter of Frederick to his sister. The actual Russian losses were about 16,000 men, still a significant number.[13] That the Russians took such heavy casualties and did not pull back, left an imprint on the Prussian soldiers and upon Frederick himself. Before the battle he regarded the Russian army as weaker than his own, but in this battle the Russians proved themselves tough opponents and Frederick was frustrated by their tenacity.[32] The battle appeared inconclusive, since neither side was defeated and driven from the battlefield, and can be counted as a victory for both sides.[4]
The Russians had no choice but to leave the region; the heavy extractions they had exacted on the countryside meant there was nothing to keep man or beast alive. The Prussians still had their supplies, but otherwise were in the same position as the Russians. Nonetheless, Frederick ended the battle in possession of the terrain, with his lines of communication intact, and his fighting force mobile. The Russians also had disputes with the Austrians. The envoy from Vienna, while in the Russian camp, cast doubts upon Fermor's competence. Fermor responded with detraction on the Austrians' abilities, who had not sent even an auxiliary corps to his assistance. The Austrians were, instead, preparing for a thrust into Saxony against the weak army Frederick had left behind. Moving so slowly, Henry and his army were long gone by the time the Austrians managed to get there, and all they managed to achieve during Frederick's absence was to capture a minor Prussian fortress and a garrison of 1,400. Even that feat was a modest one, and achieved by Imperial (Reichsarmee) troops, not Austrian ones.[33]
After the fighting, Frederick withdrew his cavalry to stop their incessant and destructive skirmishing with the Cossacks, thereby allowing the Russian army to re-establish contact with their baggage wagons. Considering himself the victor, Fermor sent a triumphant letter to Saint Petersburg, assembled his troops into two columns and marched towards Landsberg to link up with the forces of Count Pyotr Rumyantsev.[34] Upon hearing the news of the battle, three Allied capitals, Saint Petersburg, Vienna and Paris, celebrated a triumph.[35] As Fermor left, Frederick was eager to proclaim it a retreat, although in reality the Russians were not fleeing and marched in perfect order, not being worried by the remaining Prussian troops.[13] The Prussians followed them but refrained from launching another attack.[34] This retreat prevented the Russians from reaching their Austrian allies and allowed Frederick to claim the battle as his victory, a view also popular in 19th century historiography, but historians still disputed the outcome.[12][36][37]
In culture [ edit ]
Carl Röchling's 1904 depiction, Frederick the Great in the battle of Zorndorf before the front line of the von Bülow regiment became a widely perceived symbol of the early 20th century ideal of soldiers' heroism.[38]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Anderson says 7,000, p. 301. Szabo says 9,000.
Citations [ edit ]
General references [ edit ]
Maeve de Markievicz, Daughter of Constance On Monday 24th of April 1916, a hot spring morning, war erupted in the streets of Dublin! ‘We are going out to be slaughtered,' Connolly said matter of factly to a friend as he marched his men from Liberty Hall. ‘It's madness but a glorious madness and I am with you,' the O'Rahilly said to Constance Markievicz, who was second in command to Commandant Michael Mallin at Stephen's Green. Constance Markievicz and her sister Eva Gore-Booth The ‘blood sacrifice' had begun and Madame Markievicz's part in the fight is well known. But what of her only daughter Maeve? Did she have children? Are there living descendants of the ‘rebel countess' today?
Maeve de Markievic is born
Maeve, named after the legendary Queen of Connacht, was born to Constance in Lissadell, Co Sligo on 13 November 1901. Her father, Con's husband, was Count Casimir Dunin-Markievicz a tall, handsome Polish nobleman whose family owned an estate at Zywotowka in Ukraine. He already had a son, Stanislaw, from a previous marriage.
Very soon after the birth Constance became re-immersed in the political and philanthropic activities that were to absorb her for the rest of her life. Maeve's grandmother, Lady Georgina Gore-Booth, took charge of the infant and although Constance visited frequently, in time the relationship between the grandmother and granddaughter developed into one more like mother and daughter. At the age of 14 Maeve was sent to an exclusive English school. It was here news came of the Easter Rebellion of 1916, and, as was to be expected in such a setting, she achieved a doubtful notoriety as ‘The Rebel's Daughter'. As she grew older, she developed a great admiration for her mother's emancipation and hoped one day to follow in her footsteps.
Horticulturist, Land Girl and Entrepeneur
Lady Georgina, hoping for a more conventional future for Maeve as an Anglo Irish socialite arranged to launch her on a London season. The trivial round of the social whirl appealed even less to Maeve than it had to her mother, and lasted even shorter. Bowing to the inevitable Lady Georgina reluctantly sent her granddaughter to Swanley Agricultural College for Women where she eventually graduated with B.Sc. (Hort) degree.
Following the death of her mother in July 1927 Maeve severed almost completely her links with Ireland. Except for short holidays, England now became her home. Around 1935 she tried her hand as a maker of homemade sweets hoping to make a commercial venture of it. During World War II she took up work with the ‘Land Girls' in Somerset and because of her training was assigned as a Labour Officer. She was later moved to Kent and during the final phase of the war was back teaching at Swanlea College. After the war she took up reclaiming and planning gardens around Hampstead that had been allowed to run wild during the war years. Constance Markievicz with her stepson Stanislaw and her daughter Maeve She takes up painting
In 1956 she decided to emulate her mother and try her hand at painting. With the same energy that had characterised Constance in her projects, Maeve made such progress in her new hobby that within two years she had achieved her first exhibition in Hampstead, England. Two years later she held her first Irish Exhibition in Dublin, which was opened by the Taoiseach Mr. Lemass.
But painting Irish scenes from memory in London had its drawbacks. More and more Maeve returned for inspiration to the landscape that had inspired Eva Gore-Booth and both W.B. and Jack Yeats.
After a long and serious illness in 1961 she returned to Sligo to recuperate. There she renewed old ties, knew again the feeling of belonging to a countryside. She spent Christmas at Lissadell little knowing that it was to be her last. Her visit lasted three months until she returned to England to collect her Old Age Pension.
During this visit to Sligo she painted feverishly all the familiar haunts of her childhood. Her own favourite of this latter period was of Cloonagh, that spot immortalised by her Aunt Eva in the poem The Little Waves of Breiffny. As if to emphasise the difference of the natures of aunt and niece, Maeve painted the angry waves of Breiffny.
Memories of Constance
Lissadell House, and scenes from the house, she painted from all angles, almost as if she wanted to impress their image even more deeply in her memory; for as with her mother, however much they both rebelled against the Lissadell landlord tradition, it always remained their spiritual home.
Everywhere she went during this visit, memories of the past appeared. Old men repeatedly told her of various exploits of her mother's horsemanship for which she is well remembered in the countryside. One old man recalled the event from when he was a boy of a day at Claragh Point-to-Point races. He watched Constance and Major O'Hara fight out a finish in the open race. Both approached the winning post locked together. Just when it seemed that it must end in a dead heat the lady's mount nosed slightly in front and flashed past the post.
Before she could rein in, the horse collapsed under her. Immediately all was confusion with everyone shouting orders and cross-orders. Con in her elegant bottle-green riding habit got down in the muck, lifted the horse's head onto her lap and quickly sent her groom for whiskey. She administered the liquor to her mount, nor did she move from the spot to change her wet and dirty clothes until she had the horse on his feet again and walking about. Farewell to Sligo
There can be no doubt that this visit to Sligo gave Maeve great pleasure. Shortly after her return to London she wrote to a friend in Sligo: ‘It is very pleasant to feel that at my age I can still make new friends'. While her new, and old friends, may rejoice that her last memory of Sligo was such a pleasant one, they cannot but regret that her passing has broken the last link with what might be called ‘Sligo's Golden Age': the time of the Yeats family and of Eva and Constance Gore-Booth.
In deteriorating health she visited Sligo for the last time in 1962. On her departure she did a detour by way of the ‘Hungry Rock' in Coolaney. From that narrow defile in the Ox Mountains, looking back across Sligo Bay towards Lissadell she spoke as if in farewell:
‘There is colour on Benbulben
Indigo on Knocknarea
Gold and grey and primroses
In Lissadell today. There is fire on Ben Wisken
Ice blue on Sligo Bay.
God give us peace and hope
In Lissadell today.' The announcement in the press in June 1962:
“The death has occurred at her home in Parliament Hill, London of Miss Maeve de Markievicz” was the last echo of the first shot fired in the Easter Rebellion of 1916. Maeve was the end of the line, the only descendant of a remarkable Sligo woman who flashed like a meteor across the heavens with the dawn of the Irish Republic. Maeve de Markievicz as a young woman
Theo Wargo/Getty Images for iHeartMedia
I have a never-ending impulse to procrastinate, nap, and otherwise fritter away my days with trivialities.
If I have ten important things to do in a day, it's nearly guaranteed nothing important will get done that day. My focus it pulled in too many directions. The weight of having so much on my plate feels overwhelming.
Those two things—lack of focus and a feeling of being overwhelmed—are killers when it comes to being efficient and productive.
As a means to squaring my to-do list with my penchant for procrastination, I've begun asking myself two questions about each thing I need to do:
"If this were the only thing I accomplished today, would I be satisfied with my day?"
"Will moving this forward make all the other to-do's unimportant or easier to knock off later?"
These questions are vital to how I prioritize my life, focus my energy, and ultimately accomplish important tasks.
But the reality, there are people out there who know much better than I do what questions to ask when you're feeling overwhelmed and unfocused—leaders, investors, authors and brilliant thinkers who have spent a career (and in some cases a lifetime) honing this skill.
Because I craved that knowledge, I reached out to over 100 of these people, folks I consider my 'Tribe of Mentors', to ask them what they ask themselves in moments when they're feeling unfocused and overwhelmed.
This week, when the day job has allowed, I've been busy switch testing a batch of Krishna fountain pen inks. This is only the second brand of inks I have tested from India and I have to say, I've waited a long time to get hold of them. And was the wait worth it? Definitely. These 24 have been a real pleasure to meet. And what an eclectic bunch of characters they are too…
A good colour range BUT it's the variety of different behaviours that is fascinating – from Pilot, Oster and Diamine to Rohrer & Kingner, Noodler's and Herbin – you'll recognise them. So plenty of chromatography, various consistencies of fluid, weird blending, sludge, shading, sheening and the whole range of bleaching outcomes. Tremendous fun! And amongst all of this variety some NEW wonders to behold – Pencil and Mint! And for those of you like me who are in love with Diamine purples check out Orchard Lily and Sea and Storm – very nice!!
Pencil – I haven't come across anything like this before. A deep purple/brown/crimson ink, it blends with water to reveal gentle washes of red, crimson and a thin greyish green. It's just so visually smooth and subtle. Works well with bleach and in my opinion has surely got to be included in any decent art journaler's travel palette? I could't resist creating some test art so if you haven't seen it already link here.
Mint – This is another new one to me with plenty of sludge and unsurprisingly, no reaction with bleach. What was visually exciting is the very wide variety of greens that come out of solution when blended with water And a great handwriting colour too.
I think I'm right in saying that these are about to break in the USA anytime now, so if you're lucky enough to get hold of some samples these will certainly keep you fascinated over the summer holidays. In my opinion Krishna have created a good range of colours and as i say, their behaviours are certainly entertaining. I have no idea what the price point will be but that Pencil is a must-have for any serious ink geek no matter what the cost!.
Inks tested (top – down, left – right: Pencil, Chocolate, Shamrock, Palm Leaf, Pacha Avari, Ghat Green, Ochre, Mint, Sunburnt, Palasa, Brown Pink, Njaval, Bauhimia, Azalia Flora, Orchard Lily, Sea & Storm, Orchios, After Dark, Kot Massi, Silent Night Sky, Monsoon Sky, Sailor's, Cool Breeze, Peacock.
If you'd like to buy any of the original art featured on my site you can purchase it on my ETSY shop site or contact me direct. I will do my upmost to add value to your investment over time – click here to access the shop . I am also accepting commissions for swatch tests. So, if you have a favourite ink(s) and some words for someone special, or maybe just for yourself, drop me a line and we can discuss further.
If you'd like to know more about this project, please take a look at the Mission Statement.
All tests on Bockingford 200lb watercolour paper using brushes and a Noodler's Ahab for the ink work.
Ink samples very kindly donated by Krishna Inks
Just for the record – I do this for myself, I receive no remuneration what-so-ever and I tell it exactly how I see it.
via press release:
CBS SPORTS NETWORK ANNOUNCES 2015 TORQUE.TV
PROGRAMMING SCHEDULE
CBS Sports Network to Exclusively Air Top Motorsports Events Including
Pirelli World Challenge, DTM Racing Series and MotoAmerica
CBS Sports Network's 2015 Torque.TV motorsports event programming schedule features some of the best international and domestic two- and four-wheel racing action from North America and around the world. The schedule debuts on Saturday, March 14 with the Pirelli World Challenge from Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas.
Throughout the year, CBS Sports Network will feature more than 130 hours of Torque.TV programming. Series featured include the Pirelli World Challenge; British Touring Car Championship; DTM Racing Series; Blancpain GT Championship; MotoAmerica; V8 Supercars; Bike Road Racing Series; SKUSA Superkarts; North American Endurocross; and Offshore Powerboat Grand Prix.
The Torque.TV schedule adds to CBS Sports Network's already robust lineup of motorsports programming, which includes almost 400 hours of coverage throughout the year.
The 2015 Torque.TV programming television schedule is included below.
CBS Sports Network is available across the country through local cable, video and telco providers and via satellite on DirecTV Channel 221 and Dish Network Channel 158. For more information, and to access the CBS Sports Network channel finder, go to www.cbssportsnetwork.com.
* * * * *
Buy Photo Vanderbilt quarterback Stephen Rivers (17) and other quarterbacks practice during the first day of training camp Thursday. (Photo: Jae S. Lee / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
For the first time since arriving on campus in June as a transfer from LSU, quarterback Stephen Rivers on Friday opened up about his decision to attend Vanderbilt.
It was a mix of opportunity, location and academics that led the younger brother of San Diego Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers to choose Vanderbilt over nearly 20 others during his search for a graduate school.
"A lot of things went into it," the 6-foot-7 Rivers said after the second day of fall camp. "I looked all across the United States for quarterbacks that graduated or had left (their program). This one looked great because it was close to home — that definitely played a part in it."
Rivers said he is roughly an hour and a half from home in Athens, Ala., a welcome change from the eight-hour drive he made from Baton Rouge, La., over the past three years.
Rivers, who graduated from LSU in May with an undergraduate degree in business, said another major factor was Vanderbilt's academic reputation.
RELATED: Derek Mason won't be like or unlike James Franklin
Add it all together, and Rivers found what he considered to be the "perfect spot" for his final two years of football eligibility.
"They really reached out to us," Vanderbilt coach Derek Mason said of Rivers' family. "It was a situation where Stephen was looking for a home and was really unhappy with his situation there (LSU). Obviously I had talked about the quarterback situation being open during the spring, and they went about doing their due diligence to find somewhere that fit them. They went across the country. His brother (Philip) also reached out and really just wanted to get a gauge on what our feelings were about him."
Buy Photo Vanderbilt quarterback Stephen Rivers practices during the first day of camp on Thursday. (Photo: Jae S. Lee / The Tennessean)
Mason said the Rivers family also sought new Titans coach Ken Whisenhunt, who was the offensive coordinator for the Chargers last season in addition to being a former Vanderbilt assistant, as a resource in the decision-making process.
"He helped me out a lot," Rivers said of his older brother. "He has a lot of connections. He thought this would be a great spot for me."
The younger Rivers enrolled in theological studies classes at the Vanderbilt Divinity School over the summer and finds himself right in the thick of a six-man race to be the starting quarterback.
"We had six quarterbacks at LSU, too," Rivers said. "It's hard to get everybody reps. That's one of the hard things about having this many quarterbacks, but we're dividing it up right now about as good as we can."
PREVIOUSLY: Derek Mason talks summer, gold cards, injuries
PREVIOUSLY: Questions for fall camp
Rivers said he has spent the past two months on campus developing a rapport with the receivers, including work in 7-on-7 drills before the start of camp.
"They've been great welcoming me in," Rivers said. "I couldn't ask for a better group."
After two days of fall camp, Mason said Rivers' abilities as a quarterback are clear in spite of attempting just two passes over his three year career at LSU.
"He's got to shake some of that rust off and continue to move his feet and work to be fluid," Mason said. "But I like what he does under center."
Reach Nick Cole at 615-259-8010 and on Twitter @ncole6.
In a case that highlights the “parent as wallet” scenario playing out in family courts, in which an estranged parent questions having to support an adult child who has severed contact, a judge has struck down a father's bid to cut off university tuition payments.
But the Ontario Superior Court justice ordered the daughter to pay substantially more of her own money toward her education, sympathizing with the father whose children's decision to sever ties with him had been heavily influenced by their mother's reaction to his post-marital life.
Now that his eldest daughter is in her first year of university and will turn 19 next week, the father wanted to terminate any obligation to pay child support or her university expenses because she and her sister are now completely alienated from him despite his numerous efforts to have a relationship with them.
But Justice J. Gray wouldn't allow it, ruling that the man and his ex-wife were both responsible for the alienation — the mother aired her grievances about the relationship to her daughters and shared financial concerns with them and the father made “clumsy and insensitive” attempts to introduce his girls to a new girlfriend he had met over the Internet before they were ready.
“In this case, there can be no question that [the father] is nothing more than a wallet,” Judge Gray wrote. “While the allocation of fault or blame for situations of this sort is difficult, at best, it seems to me that in this case both parents must assume a share of the blame.”
Some lawyers and judges wish to avoid getting into the he-said, she-said of marital dissolutions, alienation as a result of these breakdowns is rarely black and white, said Toronto lawyer Philip Epstein, a leader in the field of family law.
“Courts are reluctant to cut off child support unless it's really clear-cut” that there was a “unilateral and egregious” alienation on the part of the child, he said — namely in cases where the payor did absolutely nothing wrong. Canadian family law typically sees children of divorce and separation as disadvantaged — even if they're adults — and so usually rule in favour of continuing support.
“The law has evolved on this over the years and it is interesting that under the guidelines and the Divorce Act and the Family Law Act [in Ontario], separated parents might well be compelled to pay support to adult children, whereas if they didn't separate they would have no obligation to adult children at all.”
[When] the children can say and do anything they want and still expect to be supported … that makes any human being react negatively
But it's imperative for judges to carefully consider what led the children to alienate the parent, he said.
“When a parent perceives that he is nothing more than a wallet — that the children can say and do anything they want and still expect to be supported … that makes any human being react negatively.
“You've got to have a system that's fair or you don't have respect for the law and you have people breaching orders,” he said. “You've got to look at this issue and I think Justice Gray looked at it fairly. This is not a unilateral and egregious case of alienation but he found a way to balance the various issues.” Court records show the couple separated in 2004 and had maintained a good family relationship. In fall 2006, the father met a woman over the Internet and wanted his children to meet her. But he didn't tell their mother about the new relationship, and he wasn't sensitive about how a first meeting should take place, the judge wrote. The mother referred to his new partner as an “Internet whore” in an email and told the girls her father had stopped depositing his money in a joint bank account. Things got worse when he insisted his new partner become part of the girls' lives and they eventually cut off contact.
“It is doubtful that the girls will blame their mother for the estrangement from their father, even though I have placed considerable responsibility on her,” the judge wrote. “However, even if they continue to blame their father, they will undoubtedly come to realize that his mistakes were the product of clumsiness and insensitivity rather than any deliberate intent.”
Judge Gray ruled the daughter pay 75% of her income for university and provide her father with income tax returns. The man was ordered to continue paying the same child support and post-secondary costs agreed to in 2009 because he and his girls were already estranged. The mother had also tried to get the man to increase his post-secondary payments by 4%, but Judge Gray also struck this down.
National Post
• Email: sboesveld@nationalpost.com | Twitter: sarahboesveld
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 13, 2017, 4:16 AM GMT / Updated Oct. 13, 2017, 12:16 PM GMT By Felix Gussone, MD
America's obesity crisis appears more unstoppable than ever.
A troubling new report released Friday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows that almost 40 percent of American adults and nearly 20 percent of adolescents are obese — the highest rates ever recorded for the U.S.
"It's difficult to be optimistic at this point," said Dr. Frank Hu, chair of the Department of Nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health. "The trend of obesity has been steadily increasing in both children and adults despite many public health efforts to improve nutrition and physical activity."
The continued weight increase in the youngest Americans is especially worrisome for long-term health. One in five adolescents, ages 12–19; one in five kids, ages 6–11, and and one in ten preschoolers, ages 2–5 are considered obese, not just overweight.
Obesity is medically defined as having a body-mass index of more than 30. The findings on obese kids in the U.S. comes on top of this week's World Health Organization report that childhood obesity is soaring around the world, increasing more than tenfold over the past four decades.
Overweight and obese children have a higher risk to stay obese and childhood obesity is linked to a higher chance of early death in adulthood.
Overall, 70.7 percent of Americans are either overweight or obese, meaning that an unhealthy weight has become the norm, with normal weight Americans — a BMI of less than 25 — now in the minority.
Related: Americans are getting fatter
What the CDC report doesn't reveal is why the obesity crisis continues to worsen. A recent study by epidemiologists at Georgia Southern University discovered that fewer Americans, particularly women, are trying to lose weight. Public health experts say that an unhealthy diet and the lack of exercise are still the two biggest culprits.
"There's still a huge amount of cheap, accessible, highly processed food available everywhere almost anytime," says Hu. "And despite people doing more recreational activity these days, the overall activity level, household activity and occupational activity has decreased in recent years."
In addition to unhealthy foods and a sedentary lifestyle, there could be another possible reason for the increasing obesity rates: sleep deprivation. An estimated 50 million and 70 million Americans suffer from sleep disorders or sleep deprivation, according to the Institute of Medicine.
Related: How sleep loss can affect Alzheimer's
Inadequate sleep is a risk factor for childhood and adult obesity, says Hu. Sleep-deprived people may be too tired to exercise, take in more calories and may undergo hormones changes that control appetite.
The consequences of the obesity epidemic are devastating: High blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease and stroke are not only killing millions of Americans annually — the obesity epidemic is also a humongous burden on the American health care system, making up $190 billion a year in weight-related medical bills.
WASHINGTON -- Right after lunch, the warden called inmate number 07031-078 into his office. Jason Hernandez was worried. The last time he was called to the warden's office, he learned his brother had died, so he thought he was about to find out another family member had passed. That's pretty much what life without parole means: sitting in prison, watching as family members die, until you do.
Hernadez, now 36, has spent nearly half of his life behind bars. He's been in federal prison since he reached the legal drinking age. He didn't kill anyone, and he didn't have a long criminal record. He just sold the wrong kind of drug, crack cocaine, which triggered a harsh mandatory sentence.
A month after his 21st birthday in 1998, Hernandez was arrested in Texas and charged as part of a drug conspiracy that dated back to when he was just 15 years old. He only had one prior adult conviction -- a misdemeanor for failing to pull over his car in a timely matter -- and a couple of juvenile convictions for gun possession at 14 and 17 years old.
Hernandez was sentenced the same day as his supplier. Both were charged with distributing the same amount of cocaine, but the drug Hernandez sold was crack. At the time, there was a 100-to-1 sentencing disparity between powder and crack cocaine. So while his supplier only got 12 years in the can, the judge reluctantly sentenced Hernandez to life behind bars, leaving his eight-month-old son Estevan to grow up without a father at home.
But his call to the warden's office turned out to be good news. Hernandez was one of eight federal prisoners convicted of crack cocaine offenses whose sentences were commuted by President Barack Obama last week, despite Obama's poor track record on pardons and commutations.
At first, Hernandez didn't believe it.
"I started crying right there, I started shaking," he told The Huffington Post in a phone interview, limited to 15 minutes, from the federal penitentiary in El Reno, Okla., on the day after Christmas. "I still couldn't believe it. I asked, could you show me on the computer where it says this, because maybe somebody is playing a hoax on us, on you. I said, I don't think this is true. The lady looked it up, and it said I had 20 years. I had a release date."
Hernandez had imagined what this would feel like. He'd be screaming for joy, jumping, hollering, singing, dancing. But it hasn't been like that. He's had trouble breathing. His heart has been racing. Sometimes he can't talk, can't think, can't move. Then there's the guilt.
"There are more inmates like me, probably more deserving than me, who didn't believe that such things could happen," he told HuffPost. "When I received my reduction, I couldn't even look at the guys no more, I just felt bad for them. I couldn't look at them in the eyes. I told them that, look, when I get out there, I'm not going to stop fighting, I'm going to continue doing what I'm doing."
Hernandez still has plenty of time in prison: while several other defendants will get out in April, his current projected release date isn't until Aug. 11, 2015. But in the week since he learned his sentence was commuted, he's been planning. He says he's got a lot to prove once he gets out. He plans to live with his parents and work on behalf of prisoners still in the system -- and he'd love to meet Obama one day, so he can advocate for other prisoners directly.
"I've got to do what I can to show Obama that the decision to let me go was one of the greatest that he's ever made as a president and as a man," Hernandez said. "And hopefully I can open the door and show him ... some other guys need second chances too."
Hernandez also hopes to advocate for a further reduction in the crack-cocaine disparity, which, even after 2010's Fair Sentencing Act, remains at 18-to-1. The law did not apply retroactively to prisoners like him, who were sentenced back when just five grams of crack could trigger the same mandatory minimums as 500 grams of cocaine.
"Based on compromise from Congress, and not reason, there's thousands and thousands of people in here still serving extensive sentences, the majority of whom are African-American and Hispanics," Hernandez said. "So 18-to-1 is good, retroactivity of the 18-to-1 is good, but it's not right until it's automatically eliminated … There shouldn't be no discrepancy."
Soon after learning his fate, Hernandez dashed off a note using the Bureau of Prison's email system to the American Civil Liberties Union's Jennifer Turner, who authored a report that called attention to his case and hundreds of others. He wanted to say thanks.
"I GUESS YOU COULD COMPARE IT TO THE PERSON WHO ONE THE MEGA-MILLION LOTTERY THE OTHER DAY… BUT HITTING IT TWICE IN A ROW," he wrote.
"I HAVE BIG PLANS."
When I criticize Donald Trump's immigration policy proposals, the most common response is some variant of “Trump is against ILLEGAL immigration, not LEGAL immigration. Get your facts straight.” Although Trump makes contradictory statements on many topics, allowing virtually any supporter to find a quote in support of his or her preferred policy position, Trump has been mostly consistent on legal immigration: He wants to cut it.
Here are Trump's anti-legal immigration positions, in bold, pulled from his position paper:
1. Immigration moderation. Trump calls for a “pause” on the issuance of any new green cards to workers abroad so that “employers will have to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed immigrant and native workers.” Trump's position paper is unclear on this point because immigrants on employment-based green cards are not the only green card holders who work in the United States – a majority of green card holders who enter through family categories work too. In 2014, 61 percent of family-based immigrants came from abroad. If Trump wanted to be sure that none of them would work in the United States then he would support cutting those 61 percent of family-based green cards, which are equal to 38.7 percent of all green cards issued in 2014.
Trump's policy statement could also mean that he only wants to restrict the issuance of employment-based green cards, a smaller numerical restriction but one that would cause more economic damage. Of the 151,596 employment-based green cards issued in 2014, 86 percent went to folks already in the U.S. legally on other visas. Those 14 percent of green cards that Trump would deny to workers abroad would likely just be reallocated to migrant workers already in the United States. However, Trump's proposed changes to the H-1B visa program (explained below) would greatly damage or destroy the feeder system that sends migrants to the employment-based green card.
Thus, if Trump's policy is adopted then the employment-based green cards may not decrease in number for a few years as those already on H-1Bs adjust their status. After those years pass and as the number of H-1Bs fall and aren't replaced by new ones because of the onerous restrictions, the number of new employment-based green cards will steadily drop and could hit zero. If that happens then the total number of all green cards issued annually will drop by 14.9 percent.
If employment-based green cards from abroad are cut off and those slots remain unfilled then this reform might only cut the number of all green cards by 2.2 percent. If Trump's plans produce the worst case scenario and exclude most family-based green cards and result in the end of the employment-based green card program, then it could end up cutting the number of all green cards issued annually by 53.7 percent – depending on how long he continues this policy. Verdict: Anti-legal immigration.
2. Increase prevailing wage for H-1Bs. This policy proposal will reduce the number of legal skilled temporary migrant workers. Just over 124,000 H-1Bs were approved in 2014 for initial employment in the United States, 85,000 of them for employment in firms and the rest in non-profit research institutions, with an average salary of $75,000. If the minimum salary for H-1B visas was bumped up to $100,000 then the number of H-1Bs hired by private firms would decrease while they'd also shrink for research institutions – if this new wage regulation would apply to them.
For initial H-1B employment, the 75th percentile for compensation is $81,000. Even including all of the petitions for high wageworkers that are rejected each year, this reform would significantly shrink the number of H-1B visas issued at an enormous economic cost. Combined with additional rules and regulations, this reform would reduce the H-1B program to a shadow of itself. Verdict: Anti-legal immigration.
3. Requirement to hire American workers first. This policy would increase the regulatory cost for American firms hiring skilled foreign workers in specialty occupations. Congress considered just such a policy for the H-1B visa in 1990 and rejected it because the regulatory costs would be so high. Higher regulatory costs mean fewer migrants. Verdict: Anti-legal immigration.
4. Refugee program for American children. This policy would raise the standards for refugees and asylum seekers in order, according to Trump's position paper, to cut down on abuse and fraud. However, higher standards won't reduce actual oppression by foreign governments so this proposal will likely just result in more fraud and many people who meet the criteria being sent back to oppressive regimes.
Assuming the worst case scenario, Trump's policy proposal would decrease humanitarian immigration by 70 percent according to the exaggerated fraud statistics peddled by nativist organizations. That policy, if in place in 2014, would have cut humanitarian immigration by about 94,000 under the worst case scenario. This section of Trump's paper assumes that there will be fewer asylees and refugees, so he is definitely anticipating a cut in the legal numbers but it's unclear to what extent. Verdict: Anti-legal immigration.
Assuming that all sections of Trump's immigration position paper become law, the combined worst case scenarios from each of these sections of Trump's position paper – the end of the employment-based green card program, the halting of new arrivals under the family-based immigration green card system, and a 70 percent reduction in humanitarian visas – would reduce the annual number of green cards issued by 62.9 percent or about 640,000.
In the best case scenario whereby the “fraudulent” asylees and refugees are entirely replaced by legitimate ones and Trump doesn't restrict family based immigrants who are also workers, the employment-based green card program would shrink to a fraction of itself and potentially end entirely. This would decrease the total number of annual green cards issued by between 2 percent and 14 percent.
To be clear, all of these immigration programs have problems and need reform. Cato scholars have written about the problems with H-1B visas, refugees, and green cards in the past. But the way to fix those systems is not to pile on more regulations on firms, restrictions on workers, prohibitions on immigrants, and higher costs for everybody. The solution is to deregulate visas to lower costs for everybody involved, allow immigrants to switch jobs without gaining government permission and without legal consequences, and expand the number of green cards and other visas. Refugee access to means-tested welfare should be curtailed and Americans should be able to sponsor them if they choose. Trump's proposals here do the opposite as he confirmed during his convention speech – and this doesn't even touch on his proposed ban on Muslim immigrants.
If a liberal Democrat proposed policies that would restrict legal gun ownership by up to 62.9 percent, conservatives and Republicans would rightly label that Democrat as anti-gun. It is fair and reasonable to label somebody who proposes policies that could restrict immigration by up to 62.9 percent as anti-immigration or anti-legal immigration. Those labels are thus appropriate to describe Donald Trump based on his policy proposals.
LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Britain has a lot of work to do before triggering the formal divorce procedure with the European Union but once it is done, the country will not let the process drag on, Foreign Minister Boris Johnson said on Sunday.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson addresses a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to address the situation in the Middle East during the General Assembly for the 71st session of the U.N. General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Last week, Johnson said Britain would trigger Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to start its exit from the bloc early next year. He was swiftly put in his place by Prime Minister Theresa May's aides who said the policy had not changed - Britain would not invoke the procedure this year.
London is under pressure from fellow EU members and millions of Britons who voted to leave the bloc at a June referendum to start the divorce, and May's aides have suggested that she hopes the formal procedure will be started early next year.
But some lawmakers and government officials say the government has not had time to form a clear negotiating stance and that, by triggering proceedings too early, Britain may land a poor deal.
“I think the crucial thing is that obviously we are not going to do it before Christmas and I think we've got to do a lot of work to get our ducks in order and that is going on,” Johnson told the BBC's Andrew Marr program.
“I think ... what everybody wants ... is clarity and getting on with it. And not letting the process drag on is the key phrase I would use.”
May has promised to deliver a “unique deal” for Britain - to get trade deals on good terms while limiting immigration, a combination ruled out by European leaders, who say free trade is only possible with free movement of people.
Her aides and ministers have told reporters the government will not offer a “running commentary” on the divorce but they are clear any decisions will be taken by May.
Jeremy Corbyn, who was re-elected as leader of Britain's main opposition Labour Party on Saturday, added his voice to calls for the government to involve parliament in the divorce after ministers said it would play a so far undefined role.
Asked by the BBC's Andrew Marr whether that was democratic, Corbyn said: “I don't think it's democratic and I don't think it's sustainable at all.”
“This is a huge political issue, it's the most significant economic issue facing Britain in my or your lifetime and I think at the very least parliament should be fully informed.”
Johnson, a former London mayor who was one of the most prominent campaigners to leave the EU, reiterated that Britain must regain control of immigration through the divorce.
“I want skilled and talented people to come to the UK if they want .. .to fulfill their dreams in our country. Then I have no problem with that provided that we have control,” he said.
“I think for 25 years UK business and industry have been mainlining immigration like a kind of drug without actually investing enough, or caring enough frankly, about the skills and the training of young people in our country.”
Image caption Anonymous has carried out web attacks to help Wikileaks
Three suspected members of the Anonymous hacking group have been arrested in Spain.
The trio is said to have been involved in co-ordinating the group's activity in that country.
The arrests were made simultaneously in three Spanish cities - Barcelona, Valencia and Almeria.
Anonymous has claimed responsibility for attacks on Sony, Spanish banks and co-ordinated action in defence of whistle-blowing site Wikileaks.
A statement from the Spanish national police force said that a computer seized in the home of one person it arrested was used in the hacks.
The arrests were the culmination of an investigation that began in October 2010.
It involved Spanish cyber police combing through millions of lines of chat logs to identify who was behind the group's activities.
Some of the attacks made by Anonymous members used a web-based tool called Loic to bombard target sites with data. The websites of PayPal, Mastercard and Amazon were all targeted using this tool.
It seems that Loic did a poor job of hiding the identity of the people using it. It is believed that some police forces have already moved against the group based on this information.
Arrests have been made in the US, UK and Holland of Anonymous members, prior to the raids in Spain.
Anonymous grew out of the online picture sharing site 4Chan and describes itself as a group of concerned internet citizens.
As well as attacking sites that it perceives as not supporting Wikileaks, the loosely organised collective has also attacked government sites in Tunisia and Egypt to aid popular protest movements.
The fest, which would have descended onto the Logan Square Auditorium, 2539 N. Kedzie Ave., for the fifth year on Oct. 7, was abruptly cancelled, according to the ticketing platform. View Full Caption Logan Square Beer Fest
LOGAN SQUARE — This year's Logan Square Beer Fest is a no-go.
The fest, which would have descended onto the Logan Square Auditorium, 2539 N. Kedzie Blvd., for the fifth year on Oct. 7, was abruptly cancelled, according to the ticketing platform.
Beer fans Dave Watts and Marcus Osacky founded the festival in 2013 as a way to bring together beer drinkers and local brewers for tastings and giveaways. Osacky's family owns the Logan Square Auditorium.
It's unclear why the fest was cancelled. Attempts to reach the organizers were unsuccessful.
According to an email shared with DNAinfo Chicago, refunds will be issued automatically to those who already bought tickets.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn needs to “find his own John Prescott” who can speak to traditional voters, Labour's Welsh leader has warned.
First Minister Carwyn Jones urged the UK boss to appoint an “authentic working class” voice to appeal to party heartlands.
The call came amid dire warnings about the potential collapse in support from Labour's core voters.
Mr Jones told the Mirror: “Tony Blair's great strength was not so much him as a person, but the fact he had John Prescott there.
(Image: Western Mail)
“John was an authentic working class voice and you need those voices, you need those outside London that are not see as metropolitan - people from the North of England, from the Midlands who sound like normal people, who don't sound like politicians.
“You need people who speak in the accent of the area, so they've got that genuine sense about them.
“That's what's missing at the moment.”
Ex-seaman Mr Prescott, now a Labour peer, was Blair's number two from 1994 to 2007.
The plain-speaking ex-Hull MP was a crucial link between the privately-educated party leader, trade unions and grassroots activists.
(Image: rossparry.co.uk)
He helped Blair win three successive elections which kept the party in power for 13 years.
Mr Corbyn's top team includes four London MPs - but there were “dangers” with having a tight group drawn from one area of the country, Mr Jones said.
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall, a shaven-headed Liverpudlian, plans to target pro- Brexit voters in Labour strongholds.
He claims Mr Corbyn is as an out-of-touch, “unpatriotic” north Londoner.
Warning of the challenge posed by UKIP in the North and Midlands, Mr Jones urged Labour MPs to “take them on” and “show them up for what they are”.
“Nigel Farage talks about the ‘establishment'. He's a boarding schoolboy who worked in the City – there's no greater member of the establishment than him,” said the First Minister.
“It's a sad sign of politics that someone like him can appear to be anti-establishment.”
But he added: “Nigel Farage has gone and UKIP, ultimately, is a personality cult based around Nigel Farage.
“There are challenges for them now about how they work in the future.
(Image: South Wales Echo)
“But the sentiment around what drove UKIP is still there. We have to make sure that working people who feel under pressure, who feel angry, come back to the Labour Party as their natural voice.
“Nigel Farage will sit like a parrot on Paul Nuttall's shoulder.
“No matter what Nigel Farage says, he won't be able to resist the temptation of being in the public limelight.”
Focusing on voters' concerns would help drag up Labour's dire poll ratings, Mr Jones, as demanded attractive policies to put to voters.
“What I have said to him is, move forward with developing what is an alternative programme for government,” revealed the Welsh leader.
“It's hugely important that people understand what Labour stands for - in England in terms of health and education - but across the UK in terms of defence policy, foreign policy, taxation (and) the benefits system.
“That work isn't ready yet.”
(Image: PA)
He called on Mr Corbyn to listen to concerns over migration.
“People are not happy with the current system of freedom of movement,” warned the Welshman.
“I think we need to look at other alternatives.”
Mr Corbyn and Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott are bitterly opposed to any curbs on immigration to cut numbers.
Alright!
Haaa ha ha ha!
You say, I cannot get there from here, baby
Then I don't care where I'm goin'
Here's to your thin red line
Mmm, I'm stepping over
Thought you'd never miss me 'til I got a fat city address
Non-stop talker, what a rocker
Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Change, nothin' stays the same
Unchained, and ya hit the ground runnin'
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
I know, I don't ask for permission
This is my chance to fly
Maybe enough ain't enough for you
But it's my turn at a try
Thought you'd never miss me 'til I got a fat city address
Non-stop talker, what a rocker
Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Change, nothin' stays the same
Unchained, and ya hit the ground running
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Change, nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Photos
Woo hoo! Take a look at this!
Hey man, that suit is you!
Woo-whee! You'll get some leg tonight for sure!
Tell us how you do! Hoo hoo hoo!
(Come on Dave, gimme a break)
Hey hey! One break, comin' up!
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Changed, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained, yeah ya hit the ground runnin'
Change, ain't nothin' stays the same
Unchained
Unofficial title Crash Bandicoot media; as such, a descriptive name was chosen. No official name has been given to this subject in any licensedmedia; as such, a descriptive name was chosen.
Crash Team Racing (usually called Crash Team Racing 2010 to distinguish it from the original game with the same name) is a racing game that was cancelled, it was being developed by High Impact Games, a video game developing studio composed of former Naughty Dog and Insomniac Games (creators of the Spyro series) employees.
The game was cancelled for the same reason as Crash Landed: Activision (Activision Blizzard) had decided to lay off the game development teams after hearing rumors that Sony Computer Entertainment had plans to acquire the rights to publish the franchise. It is the second cancelled Crash 2010 game with first being Crash Landed.
In February 2012, a video showing nine screenshots of the game was released on the internet. The screenshots showed Crash Bandicoot, Dingodile, Polar and an unnamed shark character on one of the game's tracks known as Happy Woods. The game would have had a lot of the hazards and weapons from the original Crash Team Racing such as TNTs and Bowling Bombs. A kart customization option was supposed to appear, and different elements would have given the karts different properties and abilites. For example, there were Crab Tires which enabled karts to drive over sand, a Frog Engine which could be used to jump to different heights and an Armadillo Bumper that could protect the kart for a second. In all, there would be twelve mods. The game was also going to introduce special attacks that varied depending on the character. The only known main attacks were Crash's; which involved him spinning, Dingodile's; which involved him using his flamethrower, Land Shark; which involved him grappling other players with his mouth and throwing them behind, and Polar; which involved him rolling on a giant snow ball. Sometime in 2014, a video was posted on YouTube showing game footage and can be watched here. There were many features mentioned to be in the game:
Several playable characters.
Cutscenes.
Weapons for each character.
Approximately 12 mods and 10 items.
Flight physics involving flapping wings.
New tracks.
Time trials.
4 Battle arenas.
Arcade races.
A few of the past tracks as a bonus Cup or Grand Prix cup.
Having 10-16 racers during each race.
20-30 characters to unlock.
1 character having 2-4 karts/cars to itself.
Story mode.
Cheats.
Boss races.
Past boss fights as a mission.
Shop to buy parts for making a characters' kart better.
10 to 15 power-ups.
Hub worlds.
8 cups in total, with 4-5 tracks in each.
Contents show]
Known Characters
Crash would have been the titular character of the game. His special melee attack would have been spinning around in his kart. He was also shown to do tricks while driving, such as running as the kart is flipping around or lying on his back in the air.
Dingodile would have been one of the playable characters in the game as well. His special melee attack would have involved him using his flamethrower to torch nearby opponents.
Polar would have been one of the playable characters in the game as well, with a design very similar to his original appearance. Polar's special melee attack would have been turning his kart into a snowball to crush opponents while riding on top of it. He was also shown holding a bomb-like weapon in a screenshot, suggesting that regular weapons would be avialable for use in the game.
Some sort of mutant shark would have been in the game. His special melee attack would have been biting onto racers and shaking them around before throwing them behind. They may have also been enemies in the game, seeing as two of them crush Crash as an attack.
It is assumed that Cortex and Coco would have been included in the game, as they were planned to appear in Crash Landed.
Gallery
Trivia
Child sex abuse royal commission: former principal accepts handling of abuse claims 'grossly incompetent'
Updated
A Queensland principal who was sacked for not telling police about reports of a teacher molesting students says it is hard to come to terms with how he handled the issue.
Teacher Gerard Vincent Byrnes molested 13 female students, all aged between nine and 10, at a Catholic school in Toowoomba in 2007 and 2008.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse is looking at why Byrnes was allowed to go on offending for more than a year after allegations were first made against him to the school.
Byrnes, the school's child protection contact, pleaded guilty in 2010 to child sex offences, including rape. He carried out all but two of his crimes in the classroom.
Former principal Terence Hayes today accepted that his failure to report the details of the most serious sexual allegations was "grossly incompetent".
He conceded he did not tell the officers about the most serious allegations, including a student's 2007 claim Byrnes put his hand up her skirt.
"It's an oversight that I find very hard to come to terms with. It brings a lot of hurt to me and my family," he said.
Barrister Andrew Naylor said to Mr Hayes: "If you didn't deliberately refrain from passing that on, it was grossly incompetent on your part not to provide that information".
Mr Hayes responded: "I accept that".
He told the commission he did not inform police about the suspected paedophile because he was "directed" by Catholic Education bosses to refer such matters to them instead.
Jane Needham SC for the Catholic Church disputed that evidence and accused Mr Hayes of lying.
"Is it the case that you will make up stories?" she asked him.
He replied" "No, I am not making up a story".
Ms Needham also asked Mr Hayes about a child safety fact-sheet that principals were given at the time.
"Nothing could be clearer than this fact-sheet requiring you to take this allegation to police, could it?" she asked.
Mr Hayes responded: "No."
Today Mr Hayes also took responsibility for Byrnes being re-hired as a substitute teacher after the allegations had been made.
Mr Hayes said he did not tell the manager who re-hired Byrnes about suspicions he had abused students.
Mr Hayes was asked: "Was it an abrogation of your responsibilities as principal to ensure the safety of students at the primary school?"
He replied: "Yes."
Byrnes continued abusing students as a relief teacher but was jailed in 2010 after a parent went to police.
Further questioning over abuse demonstration
Yesterday, Mr Hayes faced hours of questions over how he dealt with a complaint from a father whose daughter was abused by Byrnes in 2007.
In 2007, Mr Hayes arranged a meeting with a female student and her father after the girl had complained about abuse.
The girl was asked to pretend her father was the teacher and "demonstrate" how he abused her.
Mr Hayes yesterday said the demonstration was suggested by a student protection officer "to more authenticate what she was saying".
This morning he was asked if he believed the child when the allegations were put to him.
"Yes, I didn't doubt the child at all," he said.
He said he thought the demonstration would add "further depth" to the meeting.
Mr Hayes has been excused from giving further evidence.
Two senior staff from the Toowoomba Catholic Diocese office - who were also sacked over the scandal - are the next witnesses scheduled to appear before the commission.
The Brisbane hearing was earlier told many of the assaults could have been prevented if complaints had been handled properly in 2007.
The commission heard the complaint should have been referred to police under the school's policies, but neither Mr Hayes nor Catholic education officials contacted authorities.
Mr Hayes was sacked over the scandal but was acquitted of failing to comply with mandatory reporting laws.
Topics: courts-and-trials, sexual-offences, schools, toowoomba-4350, qld
First posted
ATHENS, Ga. -- Todd Gurley was back with the first-team offense and Georgia held its first practice for Saturday's game against Auburn.
Gurley is returning from a four-game NCAA suspension for taking $3,000 for autographed memorabilia and other items over two years.
Georgia has listed Todd Gurley, who is returning from a four-game suspension, as its top tailback. Joe Robbins/Getty Images
Any uncertainty about Gurley's status on Georgia's deep list of tailbacks ended when the junior was the starter on the updated depth chart released Monday for the game against Auburn.
The depth chart can change during the practice-week schedule, but Gurley appears set as the starter.
Gurley was a leading Heisman Trophy candidate before the suspension opened the way for freshman Nick Chubb to emerge as a rising star in the Bulldogs' backfield.
Chubb ran for 170 yards and a touchdown in last week's 63-31 victory over Kentucky. It was his fourth straight game with at least 143 yards rushing.
Chubb ranks third in the Southeastern Conference in rushing. Despite speculation he might keep the starting job, Chubb said after the Kentucky game he was only filling in for Gurley.
"I know I haven't taken his spot," Chubb said. "I am looking forward to Todd getting back on the field and playing with him. I miss him out there."
Monday's depth chart listed Gurley, Chubb and freshman Sony Michel at tailback.
Michel missed four games with a shoulder injury before returning with 84 yards rushing and a touchdown against Kentucky.
Georgia still is awaiting the return of tailback Keith Marshall, who has missed six games with a sprained knee and ankle. Brendan Douglas is another option at tailback.
Gurley enjoyed a strong start and was the SEC's leading rusher before having to sit out four games. He opened the season with 198 yards and three touchdowns against Clemson. He added 131 yards with a touchdown against South Carolina, 73 yards on only six carries in a rout of Troy and 208 yards with two touchdowns against Tennessee.
Gurley hasn't played since rushing for 163 yards with two touchdowns in a win over Vanderbilt on Oct. 4.
Saturday's game matches the SEC's top rushing offenses. Auburn leads the league with 286.4 yards rushing per game, followed by Georgia's 256.3.
Despite missing the four games, Gurley is ninth in the SEC with 773 yards rushing. His eight touchdowns on the ground still lead Georgia.
Coach Mark Richt said Sunday he hopes to take advantage of Georgia's replenished depth at tailback.
"I wouldn't be surprised to see more than just Nick and Todd in the ballgame at that running back position," Richt said. "Early in the year we did a good job of giving guys reps and hopefully we can continue to do that."
The man who is trying to organize an armed citizen patrol in the French Quarter is wanted on a felony warrant, the WDSU I-Team has learned.The outstanding warrant for Aaron Jordan involves a complaint of stalking. Details of the charge were not immediately available and Jordan could not be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.Jordan recently put out the call for volunteers to serve with the French Quarter Minutemen, offering a visible presence and armed escorts in the city's most famous neighborhood.He told WDSU last week that the volunteers wouldn't display their weapons. As concealed carriers, their firearms would be hidden by clothing.The idea has generated a vocal response from both supporters and opponents.Jordan said the concept grew out of the beating that severely injured a jazz musician earlier this year, and noted that he's already heard from many who look forward to the group's presence in the Quarter."We have had members of the service industry reach out to us and say they would like to use our services," Jordan said.On Tuesday, Jordan met with NOPD officials who wanted to learn more about the group and its intentions. The department didn't comment on that meeting, but Jordan told WDSU that law enforcement leaders did not discourage him from proceeding with his plan, though they did share some concerns.
The man who is trying to organize an armed citizen patrol in the French Quarter is wanted on a felony warrant, the WDSU I-Team has learned.
The outstanding warrant for Aaron Jordan involves a complaint of stalking. Details of the charge were not immediately available and Jordan could not be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.
Jordan recently put out the call for volunteers to serve with the French Quarter Minutemen, offering a visible presence and armed escorts in the city's most famous neighborhood.
He told WDSU last week that the volunteers wouldn't display their weapons. As concealed carriers, their firearms would be hidden by clothing.
The idea has generated a vocal response from both supporters and opponents.
Jordan said the concept grew out of the beating that severely injured a jazz musician earlier this year, and noted that he's already heard from many who look forward to the group's presence in the Quarter.
"We have had members of the service industry reach out to us and say they would like to use our services," Jordan said.
On Tuesday, Jordan met with NOPD officials who wanted to learn more about the group and its intentions. The department didn't comment on that meeting, but Jordan told WDSU that law enforcement leaders did not discourage him from proceeding with his plan, though they did share some concerns.
AlertMe
An emotional moment in Hershey, PA.
Donald Trump stopped in the middle of his rally to let a grieving mother speak. She then tells the crowd how to ‘Honor' her son.
The parents of Hugh “Riley” Rone took the stage at Trump event to speak about their deceased son's support of the Republican nominee for president. Rone was killed in a motorcycle accident on the Garden State Parkway on May 31, 2016. The Rones are natives of South Amboy, NJ.
“These are incredible people,” Trump said as he called for the parents to join him on the stage. “Their son recently passed away in a horrible accident. He was the biggest supporter I had. Young guy. Beautiful guy. The most popular person there was. And he was just very special.”
“As much as some of you like Trump, I like you more than you like me if you want to know the truth. This boy was our biggest fan. He loved our country, believe me. He loved our country,” Trump told the rally-goers.
“Say a few words about our boy, okay,” Trump said as he embraced the mother of Riley Rone.
Read his obituary here.
Barbara Zawistowski Rone, Riley's mother, was invited on stage by Trump at a rally in Hershey, Penn. Friday night and gave an extremely moving and impassioned endorsement of the candidate in her son's honor. Rone also spoke about how her son campaigned for Trump and of his attempts to convert friends to support the candidate.
“When there were 17, he said Mr. Trump is the nominee. When there was one nominee, Mr. Trump, Riley said Mr. Trump would be president,” Riley's mother said.
“In Riley's obituary, Mr. Trump was mentioned because Riley loved or loves Mr. Trump. His funeral was over 200 cars, he had very dedicated friends, there were signs, flags for Mr. Trump. Riley's grave marker has Mr. Trump name on it and the Statue of Liberty because he loves America,” Mrs. Rone shared.
Rone's mother noted a motorcycle group has pledged to donate a brick to the The Wall, if it gets built, in honor of her son. She also spoke about an emotional phone call she had with Trump where he said he would trade millions he owned if she could have her son back.
His friend wrote Trump a letter to get his attention, and it worked.
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. pic.twitter.com/R0tm44nMao — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 11, 2016
Barbara Zawistowski Rone:
When Mr. Trump received the letter, he wrote us a very personal letter regarding family and Riley. We never expected to hear from Mr. Trump, we don't know Mr. Trump, he does not know us. He does now. Within weeks of the letter, we received a phone call from his office asking would we take a phone call from Mr. Trump. We were watching FOX News and Mr. Trump was in Florida. He was sweating profusely in an airport hangar complaining of 114 degree weather. We watched him leave the stage, and within minutes our phone rang. It was Mr. Trump. He is amazing. He spent a good amount of time on the phone and it was very personal, I will not share what said, but I will share that Mr. Trump said that if it costs millions, he would give everything he owned if it would bring my Riley back. What kind of man is this? What kind of man who is running for the highest office in our land, the president of the United States– he takes out the time from his campaign to call us… Now, all you mothers out there, I want you to put yourself in our shoes for one minute. You father, too. I want you to please, please vote for Mr. Donald Trump in my son's honor.
Source…
A pair of neutrinos detected in Antarctica may be the first of these ghostly particles seen coming from outside the solar system since 1987. If the finding is confirmed, it could lead to a new way of looking at the universe that may solve a number of cosmic puzzles.
Neutrinos have no charge and negligible mass, which means they can travel through space largely unimpeded by matter and electromagnetic fields. Detecting astrophysical neutrinos would offer an unprecedented way of studying comic objects across vast distances, similar to the way infrared light allows us to peer into opaque cosmic dust clouds to see stars forming.
For instance, neutrino detection would be a way to pinpoint sources of the highest energy cosmic rays. It is thought these rays come from some of the universe's most powerful particle accelerators, such as intense supernovae. But the charged cosmic rays are deflected by magnetic fields as they travel, making them hard to track. The same processes that generate the rays should also create neutrinos, which can be traced directly back to their origins.
Lower energy neutrinos have been seen coming from the sun and as products of cosmic rays colliding with Earth's atmosphere. In 1987, three underground detectors also saw neutrinos coming from a supernova in the nearby Large Magellanic Cloud. Since then, all attempts to detect neutrinos from beyond the solar system have been unsuccessful.
Advertisement
Open Sesame
In June last year the IceCube neutrino telescope at the South Pole reported the sighting of two candidate neutrinos, found somewhat by accident as the team was combing through the data. Bert and Ernie, as they are affectionately dubbed, each had energies of about 1 petaelectronvolt (PeV).
IceCube monitors a cubic kilometre of ice at the South Pole. It is made of 5160 digital optical modules embedded like vertical strings of pearls at depths ranging from 1.45 to 2.45 kilometres below the surface. These modules look for light emitted when neutrinos strike the ice.
According to an analysis by the IceCube collaboration, released on Monday, the odds that Bert and Ernie were the results of atmospheric shenanigans are greater than 370-to-1. In other words, there is a reasonable chance they came from more distant reaches of the galaxy – or beyond.
Of course, there is still the chance that the high-energy neutrinos were made in our atmosphere, but that could be just as exciting: until now IceCube had only seen atmospheric neutrinos with energies up to a few hundred teraelectronvolts (TeV).
Charming couple
In theory, when cosmic rays hit the upper atmosphere they can produce particles called charm mesons, which can then decay into high-energy neutrinos like Bert and Ernie. In practice, none has ever been seen.
“But you have to allow for the possibility that they exist,” says IceCube principal investigator Francis Halzen at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. While seeing neutrinos made by charm meson decay would not be overly surprising, says Halzen, it would help us understand the process better, allowing us to distinguish between all the possible atmospheric signals and the neutrinos from more distant sources.
For now, the collaboration is being cautious. “Two events are not a discovery of anything, it's too few,” says Halzen. “What's interesting is that because of their sheer energy, they are clearly candidates to be cosmic neutrinos.”
Dream team
The IceCube team has already started sifting through the existing data looking for more detections of such high-energy neutrinos. Assuming they find enough of them, the team can use these particles to rule out charm mesons as a source of the signal.
This can be done by studying the energy distribution of these neutrinos coming from all over the sky. If they are being generated by charm mesons in the atmosphere, the particles should be clustered around 100 TeV, and the numbers should tail off as the energy reaches 1 PeV. Bert and Ernie would be outliers.
If the neutrinos do not match this pattern, the likelihood that they are from farther out in space would go up significantly.
“It is an incredibly exciting result, the beginning of real high-energy neutrino astronomy, a dream I have had for many decades. I am very happy for them,” says John Learned at the University of Hawaii in Manoa, who is not on the IceCube team. “I can't wait to see how this plays out.”
Journal reference: arxiv.org/abs/1304.5356
Buggy driver Maia Settle knew there was a problem when a customer told her Monday (April 21) there was a tour guide inside St. Louis Cemetery No. 1 reaching into tombs and pulling out jawbones to show the crowds.
Settle said she knew of one man named "Walter" who for years had been giving unlicensed tours of the cemetery. He typically removed one brick from the tombs, creating a hole large enough to reach inside. He would hold a camera taken from one of the tourists, snap several pictures, return the camera and put the brick back in place.
The photos of exposed femurs or ancient coffins were apparently meant to be souvenirs of their trip to New Orleans, she said.
But Walter was not known to remove body parts.
Settle said she wanted to investigate the matter further. She spent one of her recent days off walking through St. Louis No. 1 taking photos, where she found one tomb with a hole large enough to see the cast iron casket inside. Someone had dragged the coffin closer to the opening to provide a better view.
This, apparently, was not the work of Walter but someone new. The desecration of such a personal and historic place was too much for Settle to take.
"Everybody I know from New Orleans is highly offended," said Settle, who sent her pictures to the New Orleans Archdiocese and Taxicab Bureau Director Malachi Hull. "As Catholics, people are offended. As tour guides, people are offended. My family goes back here to 1718. When these people start breaking up the tombs and destroying the last piece of history we have, that's when we know we need to do something."
The New Orleans Police Department arrested Walter Ross, 53, on Tuesday (April 22) on charges of desecration of graves and criminal trespass. Police declined to release any further information on the case.
Adam Stevenson, a tour guide with Save Our Cemeteries and Spirit Tours, recently took a picture of Ross sticking his hands in one of the tombs. When one of the Archdiocese staff members spotted Ross inside the cemetery Tuesday, he called the NOPD and using the picture as evidence, police made an arrest, said Sherri Peppo, acting director of the archdiocesan Cemeteries Office.
"The Archdiocese of New Orleans will not tolerate acts of vandalism, particularly the breaking in of tombs, in our cemeteries," said Sarah McDonald with the Archdiocese communications office. "From this point forward we will be increasing staff presence at our cemeteries, and we are exploring additional security systems including surveillance cameras. If any individual is found vandalizing or trespassing on cemetery property, staff will not hesitate to contact police to have the individual arrested."
The arrest of Ross temporarily solves one problem, said Angie Green, Save Our Cemeteries executive director, but it doesn't solve the problem of the newest unlicensed tour guide on the scene, described as a skinny, middle-aged white man with scraggly blonde hair.
This man is more destructive and arrived less than two months ago, Green said. Instead of removing and replacing one brick, he removes up to 10 bricks creating gaping holes in the tombs, large enough for him to root around inside and grab a bone or a coffin.
Instead of replacing the bricks, he leaves the tombs open, which can expose the remains to theft, Green said.
"I know on the black market, a skull will fetch $1,000 so if a tomb is open for long enough the skull will probably be removed," Green said. "It used to be we found one damaged tomb a month, but we've noticed ten in the last six weeks."
Ross and the new unlicensed tour guide hang around the cemetery and when tourists wander in, they offer to take them on a tour, asking only for tips, Green said.
The Save Our Cemeteries staff can't call the police to complain that the men are trespassing because the nonprofit doesn't own or manage the property. Only the Archdiocese, which owns the cemetery, can pursue such charges, and they can't afford to have someone stationed at St. Louis No. 1 at all times, Green said.
Vandalism is a relatively common occurrence at the cemetery. Some people steal the copper screws that fasten the faceplates to the tombs to sell as scrap metal, Stevenson said. When the screws are removed the marble plates, many of which are more than 100 years old and carved by artisans, often fall and shatter.
Other people steal statues, vases and on rare occasions, the wrought iron fences surrounding some of the tombs.
Green, whose third story office window overlooks the cemetery, said she constantly sees people in the cemetery after hours doing everything from using drugs or having sex. One time a group of people jumped the wall and held a wedding cemetery in St. Louis No. 1, she said.
The most infamous example of vandalism occurred in December when someone painted the tomb of Voodoo queen Marie Laveau pink.
However, breaking into a tomb and either removing someone's remains or taking pictures of them is far more serious, Stevenson said.
"It's not King Tut in that tomb; it's somebody's dead grandmother and they deserve more respect than being treated like a sideshow freak," he said.
In most of the tombs, the remains have long since turned to dust. Green said there are up to eight burials each year at St. Louis No. 1.
Traditionally, a body was inserted in a wooden coffin into the tomb, where it was left until the next burial, at least a year and one day from the previous to allow the body to decompose. When the tomb was reopened, whatever was left inside after sitting in 300-degree heat for a year--typically bones and the coffin padding and handles--was swept into the pit at the bottom of the tomb, called a caveau.
"All the bones mingle together. We call it the ultimate in family togetherness," Green said.
Since contemporary people are taller and wider than their Creole ancestors, many of their coffins can't fit into the tombs, Green said. Some people choose to be cremated. For those who can fit, once the body has decomposed their bones are sealed in plastic bags to preserve DNA, and they are placed in the caveau with their family.
The first burial in St. Louis No. 1 took place in 1800. Before then, everyone in the city was buried underground. Contrary to popular belief, if someone is buried underground in New Orleans, the coffin will not float to the surface, Green said.
"Right now we're standing on probably four or five layers of cypress coffins below us," Green said during a recent tour of the damaged tombs.
The Archdiocese of New Orleans oversees the cemeteries, but the majority of the tombs are individually owned by families who are responsible for their maintenance and upkeep. Many of the families, however, left the region or died off decades ago, leaving the tombs untended for generations.
Green estimates that 75 percent of the tombs in St. Louis No. 1 are orphaned.
The Archdiocese has repaired all but a few of the tombs damaged by the unlicensed tour guides, but Green said it is likely that tomorrow or next week she will find more vandalism.
The traditional mortar used on the tombs is lime-based, which is soft and can easily be removed using a "thumbnail or screwdriver," making it easy for people to take out a brick, Green said. She hopes that visitors to the cemetery will discourage people from taking part in this activity.
"I believe in the best of people. I don't think most tourists come to the cemetery to look at dead bodies," Green said. "It is sensational and makes for a good story I guess. But for the one person who likes that I think there are 10 other people on the tour who find it really upsetting."
Stevenson said when he gives tours in St. Louis No. 1 he is now always on the lookout for vandals.
"It's a historic place. It's a museum and what these people are doing is akin to throwing a brick through stained glass window at a cathedral," Stevenson said. "The people who built our city and culture are buried in there. Regardless of someone's religious background, respect for the dead should be ingrained in people."
Correction: This story has been updated to correct the fact that DNA does not survive a proper cremation.
The launch of AMD's next-generation Zen architecture is set to be one of the most exciting in 2016, with the company focusing on performance in the hopes of once again having a CPU that competes with Intel.
According to the latest report from OC3D, AMD has finished testing their Zen CPU, and are suggesting that the processor has "met all expectations" with "no significant bottlenecks" found in the design. This news allegedly comes from a former AMD employee with remaining ties to the company, although of course any rumor like this should be taken with a grain of salt.
If AMD's Zen processor is meeting internal expectations, there is hope that the chip will provide a significant performance boost over their existing and aging FX-series CPUs and newer Excavator-based APUs.
Zen is expected to be built using a 14 or 16nm FinFET manufacturing process, which will shrink AMD's design down to a node similar to what Intel uses. The cores themselves are designed to provide a significant instruction per clock gain over Excavator – AMD is hoping for a boost around 40% – which will improve integer and floating point performance per core to the point where its competitive.
The new line of CPUs will require a new motherboard socket (AM4), and will support DDR4 memory. Current estimates suggest the processor will launch in the later parts of 2016, but it will certainly be a launch to look out for next year.
Oct 23rd - the bombs have fallen. Fallout 4 is complete. All 27 versions. pic.twitter.com/AwkWOoTEgt— BethesdaGameStudios (@BethesdaStudios) October 23, 2015
No surprise delays - Fallout 4 is now 100% complete, and ready to be rolled out.
For all of you Fallout 4 fans eagerly counting down the days to its November 10 release, terrified that it may be hit with a Witcher 3-style last-minute-delay, fear not! The official Bethesda Studios Twitter has just posted the status update you'll see to the right, confirming that the game is 100% complete, printed, and ready to be shipped into your hands.
"Oct 23rd - the bombs have fallen. Fallout 4 is complete. All 27 versions," wrote Bethesda. To prove it, the picture shows all of the 27 versions, which no-doubt refers to the PS4, PC and Xbox One editions of the various regions the game will launch in, alongside their respective collector's editions.
So the game is ready, and sitting in a warehouse somewhere waiting for its release date. Get hype!
Source: Bethesda
First of all, this research is legit because I have a logo and a name for it. This seems to be a trend right now (heartbleed, shellshock, sandworm) . Afaik the rule is that you must invest the same time into creating the logo as you did in your research.
Creating a captcha system is not as easy as it seems. Presumably your captcha system doesn't have any implementation errors and logic flaws, you are still fighting against andvanced research in image/voice recognition. That's almost like creating your own crypto.
But if you have expected some crazy new algorithm, I have to dissapoint you. It's just another design flaw.
So this post is about yet another broken captcha, and if you are not interested in the technical part, just make sure you remember this:
I promise I will never make my own captcha system . I promise I will never make my own captcha system . I promise I will never make my own captcha system . I promise I will never make my own captcha system . I promise I will never make my own captcha system .
But let's not beat around the bush for too long. You are reading this because you are interested in what this scary CrossedCaptcha is all about, right?
The captcha system I'm talking about is called PlusCaptcha, which you can use as a standalone script or Wordpress Plugin. For some reason it's even ecological!
How did I come up with CrossedCaptcha? Well, a plus (+) and a cross (✝) are very similar. I know that crossed isn't technically crucified , and it makes it less funny, but whatever. You are here because you are interested in the exact vulnerability and you want to know how it's done. And you have read enough technical blah blah articles anyway.
So let's dive in...
This is how the PlusCaptcha looks like. You have to turn the circle to match the background image.
It's an embedded iframe with the url http://syshtml5.pluscaptcha.com/i?iduso=42906365 . This particular instance has the id 42906365 . Everytime this URL is loaded, there will be a new captcha with a different solution be generated.
When you adjust the circle, the iframe will send a POST request to http://syshtml5.pluscaptcha.com/angulo.php with data grados=-90&iduso=%d&size=c&green=0 , where grados is the degree of the turned picture. It does this for every adjustment you make.
The following code is the php backend check if the captcha you have entered is correct. It does this by checking http://syshtml5.pluscaptcha.com/r?iduso=42906365 :
$host = 'syshtml5.pluscaptcha.com' $resultado_ejecucion = @fgets(@fopen('http://'.$host.'/r?iduso='.$datosent[0]. '', 'r'), 4096); // Acertar si acertó con el captcha | engl.: Hit if hit with captcha if($resultado_ejecucion) { return true; }else{ return false; }
Now you would expect, that once you asked the server if the captcha you previously entred was correct, it would void this particular captcha.
But it doesn't.
So you can just "adjust the circle" and ask if it was correct until you found the correct position and then submit your form.
A bit of testing has also shown that you have a tollerance from around 50-70 degree:
degree 148 - 219 are correct ( 70 degree tollerance ) degree 98 - 169 are correct ( 70 degree tollerance ) degree 177 - 226 are correct ( 50 degree tollerance ) degree 255 - 304 are correct ( 50 degree tollerance )
So you only have to test a handfull of numbers to crack the captcha:
import urllib2 def solve ( iduso ): for i in range ( 0 , 360 , 50 ): urllib2 . urlopen ( "http://syshtml5.pluscaptcha.com/angulo.php" , "grados=- %d &iduso= %d &size=c&green=0" % ( i , iduso )) . read () if urllib2 . urlopen ( "http://syshtml5.pluscaptcha.com/r?iduso= %d " % iduso ) . read () == '1' : return i return 'fail' print solve ( 42906365 )
A simple solution would be to void the captcha after the server has checked it once. But then you still have a ~14%-20% chance on beeing correct just by guessing. And because you only have a limited amount of pictures you can easily presolve them anyway. Besides that, this implementation is also not barrier free.
If I had to suggest a captcha solution, then it would be reCaptcha...
Another day, another stick in the spokes: the Competitive Carriers Coalition (CCC) has taken exception to reports that NBN Co isn't interested in owning Telstra's copper network under the government's fibre-to-the-node network rollout.
The CCC's announcement will further complicate what's looking like a Gordian knot made of copper cables that almost nobody wants. Telstra is quite fond of the contract it signed with the former government and NBN Co to retire the copper for a fee; the minister believes that should mean Telstra would be willing to renegotiate its contract, even though there's no public evidence that's the case.
NBN Co doesn't want the copper, partly because it doesn't want to forever carry the can for every Speedtest.net result that gets posted on the Internet to complain about poor performance, and partly because it doesn't want the cost of maintenance to suck a billion-dollar hole in its budget.
Trying to work its way through the puzzle set by the government, the Australian Financial Review reported that NBN Co told the incoming government it would be better to rent the copper than to take ownership of it.
The CCC – which represents names like iiNet, Macquarie Telecom and Vodafone – has now said that any arrangement that made NBN Co a reseller of Telstra copper would be a disaster.
The proposal from NBN Co would, The Register notes, create a recursive stacking of responsibilities:
NBN Co rents space in Telstra exchanges to host equipment so it can run fibre to around 60,000 nodes to replace Telstra copper.
NBN Co then hires Telstra's copper from nodes to homes as a managed service, to carry the services it builds as nodes.
NBN Co uses that rented copper to become the national wholesaler of services which it sells to retailers – including Telstra.
The CCC is objecting to this model on the grounds that it undermines the structural separation of the telecommunications market that was a major part of the original NBN plan.
Its statement says “It is also highly alarming that the previous NBN CO management would disregard the bi-partisan commitment to Structural Separation and most recently affirmed by Minister Turnbull at a recent industry NBN event.”
“The costs associated with the maintenance and operation of the copper need to be assumed by NBN Co and should be reflected in the price, not flick passed at the expense of genuine reform,” it continues.
The news comes days after new NBN Co chairman and interim CEO told a Senate Estimates committee that the slower FTTN network would bring in less revenue, and that the 2016 deadline set by the Abbott government is “very demanding”. ®
A letter sent to Mr. Nathan Sharansky, Jewish Agency Chairperson, on October 28th. I have yet to receive a response.
Dear Mr. Sharansky,
My name is Oren Steinitz, and I am the rabbi of Congregation Kol Ami in Elmira, New York. Before addressing the topic at hand, I would like to emphasize that I am writing this letter out of both vast appreciation for your works, and the efforts made by the Jewish Agency in their attempt to strengthen the bonds between the State of Israel and the diaspora, as well as out of bitter disappointment and great pain.
Several weeks ago, a young woman – who asked that I leave her name out of this letter – approached me and requested that I provide her with a letter testifying to her Jewish ancestry, for the purpose of approving her Aliyah application. This woman currently lives in San Francisco, works for the Jewish Federation and deals primarily with Israeli publicity efforts and the struggle against the BDS movement. She intends to make Aliyah soon, marry her fiancé and raise her future children in Israel. This young woman's mother was raised in my congregation, and celebrated her Bat Mitzvah here as a young girl. Since I could easily provide evidence showing that her mother was indeed a member of the congregation, and as in those days the congregation was affiliated with the Orthodox Union, and was served by a rabbi who later moved to Israel and was recognized by the Chief Rabbinate, I assumed that the procedure was merely formal, and that this woman's application would be approved without any difficulties.
Imagine the woman's surprise – and mine – when several days ago she received a letter from the Jewish Agency, denying her Aliyah request. Since Congregation Kol Ami is not affiliated with any of the major Jewish American denominations, the letter said, it is not recognized for the purpose of authorizing one's Jewish status.
Allow me to tell you the story of Congregation Kol Ami, which is the story of many Jewish communities in “Middle America”, outside the major coastal metropolitan areas. The Jewish community in Elmira is over 150 years old. Jewish immigrants came to Elmira from both Western and Eastern Europe, and found here many business opportunities, mainly in the fields of retail commerce and the textile industry. The community flourished for many decades, and included two major synagogues – an Orthodox one called Congregation Shomray Hadath and a Reform Synagogue called Congregation B'nai Israel – as well as a Jewish Federation and a Jewish Community Center. In addition, the city hosted youth movement chapters, and several members of our Young Judea chapter made Aliyah and were involved in the establishment of Kibbutz Ketura. Over the years, Elmira's appeal diminished; many of the textile factories and large department stores – which were mostly Jewish-owned – either closed down or moved to a different location. A major flood that affected the area in 1972 made matters worse, and the region went into a major economic recession that is still felt today. The economic situation had, of course, a devastating effect on the local Jewish community, as less and less Jewish families moved into the area. About seven years ago, in an attempt to react to the declining membership in both institutions and maintain a Jewish life in the area, the two synagogues decided to put aside their ideological differences and form a united Jewish community that will serve the entire Jewish population in the region. The new, unified congregation – Congregation Kol Ami – chose to hire me, a rabbi affiliated with the trans-denominational Jewish Renewal movement, in order to make sure everyone's spiritual needs are met, be they more or less traditional. Today, the congregation includes approximately 170 member units, and a similar number of people are members of the local Jewish Federation. We have a supplementary religious school, hold three services every Shabbat, host holiday events, Jewish cultural celebrations, concerts, and other productions, and in general offer the local Jewish population – who are a small minority within the community at large – a sense of identity, community and pride.
Excluding Congregation Kol Ami and other independent congregations from the list of recognized Jewish communities, while ignoring the community's long history, as well as the efforts made by Jews of different persuasions to come together despite their (often significant) differences, as well as the reality in the Jewish periphery which does not allow for the luxury of supporting different congregations affiliated with different movements, is both painful and infuriating. Moreover, it demonstrates the State of Israel's total lack of understanding of the reality facing the Jewish diaspora. What am I supposed to tell this young woman, who – as noted – has dedicated her entire career to the welfare of the State of Israel, and the same state insists on telling her that the community in which her grandparents grew up, the same community that is responsible for her Jewish upbringing, simply does not count? What am I supposed to tell a young man in my synagogue who intends on making Aliyah in the next few years? How am I supposed to encourage my congregants to keep donating – as they do every year – to the United Jewish Appeal? How am I supposed to stand in front of a sanctuary full of people, who ask me how is it possible that on one hand Israel demands that they serve as its representatives in a complex reality, and on the other hand, pushes them away and dismisses their Judaism?
Looking forward to your response,
Rabbi Dr. Oren Z. Steinitz
Congregation Kol Ami
Elmira, NY
THE NATIONAL Telecommunications Commission (NTC) wants to launch a landmark multibillion-peso auction for a slice of 3G and 4G telecommunications frequencies within the term of President Duterte to encourage the entry of a new telco player.
The plan, according to NTC commissioner Gamaliel Cordoba, could pave the way for the entry of a challenger to the PLDT-Globe Telecom duopoly.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We want a third player to come in,” Cordoba told reporters at the sidelines of the Department of Information and Communications Technology's (DICT) public consultation for its implementing rules and regulations.
He said the frequencies would be reserved for a new player, thus PLDT and Globe would not be allowed to bid.
The prospect of another market player vanished after PLDT and Globe last May 30 jointly bought out San Miguel Corp.'s Vega Telecom, which controlled valuable but unused radio frequencies, for close to P70 billion.
SMC abandoned its plans after talks with potential partner Telstra Corp. Ltd. of Australia collapsed last March and as SMC president Ramon Ang later revealed worries about legal threats from PLDT and Globe.
This is early, pro-consumer groups expressed skepticism about the planned auction, saying the “overwhelming” share of spectrum assets held by PLDT and Globe would scare away new competition. Moreover, the bidding exercise was likely hinged on the outcome of legal cases that emerged after Globe and PLDT sued the Philippine Competition Commission, which wanted to review the SMC sale transaction.
According to Cordoba, the spectrum assets to be auctioned would mainly include a portfolio of frequencies returned to the government from two merger deals in the last five years.
It will include 10 Megahertz 3G frequencies of Connectivity Unlimited Resources Enterprise (Cure) that PLDT was told to give up after buying out Digital Telecommunications Philippines in 2011.
The government failed to auction this off on questions over valuation, although Cordoba said Cure's 3G frequencies should fetch at least P1.5 billion.
Cordoba said that would be bid out together with the 700 MHz (20 MHz), 2500-2700 (15 MHz), 800 MHz (10 MHz) and 3400-3500 MHz (40 MHz) that were returned by PLDT-Globe after buying Vega.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We want a third player to get a whole array,” Cordoba said. He declined to comment on the specific timing and total value, saying that would be set by the DICT.
This would be the first auction of its kind in the country. Historically, frequency assets transferred from company to company via private deals, including the recent buyout of Vega. PLDT and Globe earlier said the acquisition was necessary to improve the quality of internet services, tagged as lagging behind the Philippines's regional peers.
“NTC seems to be belatedly dealing with an old issue which they should have and could have easily done years ago. What the public will demand will be NTC accountability for the duopoly control over mobile spectrum,” Winthrop Yu, chair of the Internet Society-Philippines Chapter, said.
Radio frequencies are valuable and limited assets that the government owns and assigns for various uses, including telecommunications. These are essential in the telco industry and allow the transmission of various forms of data, enabling phone calls and text messaging as well as internet browsing on smartphones.
DICT's newly appointed head, Rodolfo Salalima, a former Globe executive, said earlier that he was open to auctioning off frequencies. If these could not be bid out, Salalima said these should be assigned to the “best qualified telco who can make use of that frequency.”
The DICT chief also launched a frequency audit to end the practice of spectrum warehousing, or holding on to frequencies for speculative purposes without using these.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Ever since he stole a blue box and ran away, he's been in the nation's living rooms – even when fighting monsters on far-flung planets. And now the man known only as ‘the Doctor' has won our showdown and is named the greatest sci-fi character of all time.
Since August, you've been voting in your thousands. In terms of overall votes the Timelord triumphed, but when it came down to a battle of the sexes – madman in a box versus Ellen Ripley's tortured lone warrior – it was very, very close. But for all her bravery, the Nostromo's warrant-officer-turned-warrior could not beat Gallifrey's greatest hero, who pipped her to the post by just 110 votes. Ripley emerges, however, as your favourite character from sci-fi cinema by some margin.
You were overwhelmingly fonder of characters from television than cinema, with characters originating on the small screen taking 61% of the vote. This may tie in with the date statistics, which are heavily weighted in favour of a halcyon period: 22% of votes went for characters from the 1980s, 28% from the 1990s and 20% from the 2000s. This means our most popular decade was when our winner, the Doctor, was not on air, save for a divisive TV movie in 1996.
Sci-Fi still looks like having some way to go when it comes to gender equality. 60% of votes were for male characters, with 33% for female, non-specific entities chalking up 6% and one character qualifying as both – following Michelle Gomez' casting as the Master/Missy in this year's series of Doctor Who.
Humanity as whole came out well though, with 67% of you polling for your own species. Aliens took 19%, while robots and computers trailed behind at 14%. Some 82% of the vote went to characters that can broadly be described as heroes, with just 15% for villains and 3% for characters in that ambiguous grey area. Anti-heroes certainly played their part: that most iconic of villains, Darth Vader, makes an impressive stab for domination at number three, closely followed by Avon from Blake's 7 at four, and Captain Malcolm Reynolds from Firefly one place behind.
The top 100
The Doctor, Doctor Who Ellen Ripley, Alien saga Darth Vader, Star Wars saga Kerr Avon, Blake's 7 Captain Malcolm Reynolds, Firefly / Serenity G'Kar, Babylon 5 HAL-9000, 2001: A Space Odyssey Rick Deckard, Blade Runner Han Solo, Star Wars saga Spock, Star Trek saga John Crichton, Farscape Roy Batty, Blade Runner Captain Jack Harkness, Torchwood Captain James T Kirk, Star Trek saga Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Star Trek: The Next Generation Londo Mollari, Babylon 5 The Alien, Alien Dana Scully, The X Files Ianto Jones, Torchwood Yoda, Star Wars saga Aeryn Sun, Farscape Kara ‘Starbuck' Thrace, Battlestar Galactica Sarah Connor, The Terminator saga Doctor Emmet Brown, Back to the Future trilogy Fox Mulder, The X Files Professor Bernard Quatermass, Quatermass and the Pit The Terminator, The Terminator saga Susan Ivanova, Babylon 5 Captain John Sheridan, Babylon 5 Delenn, Babylon 5 Jack O'Neill, Stargate SG-1 Daleks, Doctor Who Data, Star Trek: The Next Generation Luke Skywalker, Star Wars saga Gort / Klaatu, The Day the Earth Stood Still Maria the Robot, Metropolis Judge Dredd, Judge Dredd E.T., E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial Ben ‘Obi-Wan' Kenobi, Star Wars saga Neo, The Matrix trilogy Robbie the Robot, Forbidden Planet Marvin the Paranoid Android, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Marty McFly, Back to the Future trilogy Rose Tyler, Doctor Who Samantha Carter, Stargate SG-1 Donna Noble, Doctor Who Walter Bishop, Fringe Admiral William Adama, Battlestar Galactica River Tam, Firefly / Serenity Arthur Dent, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Wall-E, Wall-E R2-D2, Star Wars Boba Fett, Star Wars Arnold J Rimmer, Red Dwarf Sam Bell, Moon Leeloo, The Fifth Element Roj Blake, Blake's 7 Elim Garak, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine Scorpius, Farscape Thomas Jerome Newton, The Man Who Fell to Earth Captain Kathryn Janeway, Star Trek Voyager Gaius Baltar, Battlestar Galactica Chiana, Farscape Kaylee, Firefly / Serenity Sarah-Jane Smith, Doctor Who David, Prometheus Q, Star Trek saga Dave Lister, Red Dwarf Amy Pond, Doctor Who Flash Gordon, Flash Gordon Princess Leia Organa, Star Wars saga RoboCop, RoboCop River Song / Melody Pond, Doctor Who Snake Plissken, Escape from New York Alfred Bester, Babylon 5 Barbarella, Barbarella John Sheppard, Stargate Atlantis Seven of Nine, Star Trek: Voyager Daniel Jackson, Stargate SG-1 R.J. MacReady, The Thing Dave Bowman, 2001: A Space Odyssey Commander Jeffrey Sinclair, Babylon 5 Lyta Alexander, Babylon 5 Tetsuo Shima, Akira The Predator, Predator Benjamin Sisko, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine Gwen Cooper, Torchwood Kryten, Red Dwarf Servalan, Blake's 7 The Master, Doctor Who Vala Mal Doran, Stargate SG-1 Bo Dennis, Lost Girl Michael Garibaldi, Babylon 5 Number Six, Battlestar Galactica Hoban ‘Wash' Washburn, Firefly / Serenity C3PO, Star Wars Riddick, The Chronicles of Riddick Motoko Kusanagi, Ghost in the Shell Laura Roslin, Battlestar Galactica Doctor Ellie Arroway, Contact
Please note: this page was updated on 19 December to reflect the fact Ambassador Delenn at 73 and Delenn at 35 were the same character. As a result she has moved to position 30, allowing for a new entry at number 100.
Spotted Toad considers why extremely upscale colleges like Middlebury and the Claremont consortium seem to be jumping through so many hoops at present:
True to this pattern, Pomona (perhaps the college most similar to Middlebury on the West Coast) and Claremont are among the wealthiest colleges in California and in the country, with a median income among students' parents of $166,000 and $201,000 respectively.
Pomona's student body is somewhat less outrageously concentrated among the wealthiest than at Middlebury or Claremont, to be sure. But thinking in terms of the demographics of California public schools, where 62% of students are low-income enough to be eligible for free lunch, the challenge facing the administrators of wealthy and academically elite colleges in a changing America is perhaps even clearer:
These institutions' democratic legitimacy depends to a significant degree on reflecting, at least in visible racial terms, the characteristics of the broader student population. Yet economically they depend on donations from the tiniest sliver of the ultra-wealthy as well as on wealthy American and international students paying full tuition. Still more challenging, their ranking on the lists that drive prestige (and, to be frank, their ability to continue to offer a challenging curriculum and produce alumni who will be economically successful) depends on admitting students with high test scores and good grades, yet the limited supply of black and Hispanic students with superb test scores and grades are hotly contested by all the elite schools.
The result, it would seem, is a protective radicalization- the offering of an alternative curriculum (both explicit and implicit) that downplays the importance of intellectual endeavor for students who are at a disadvantage in academic preparation (“the Enlightenment and Truth are just a projection of white supremacy!”) , while keeping the student body as a whole as homogeneously overprepared as possible (the 75th percentile in SAT scores at Pomona is almost a perfect 1600!)
But, as can be seen from the graph of Republican versus Democratic vote shares at top, the overall contradiction is much broader than just elite college campuses, even if they embody it most totally. The elite has shifted left, especially on racial issues, for many reasons, but surely the largest is simply that they would like to remain the elite, and this is contingent on their appearing to represent the broader population. As the broader population, in the country and in the world, shifts demographically to resemble the elite less and less in ancestry, religion, and temperament, the contortions required of the elite to establish itself as worthy of trust are ever more extreme.
This month, the United States Postal Service made Harvey Milk the first openly gay elected official to have his face grace a postage stamp. Now, one of the country's most prominent fundamentalist Christian organization has declared it will not be accepting any mail sent using the new stamp.
The American Family Association put out a press release this week with the title, “A drag queen was behind USPS Harvey Milk stamp.” After moving past the fact that a “self-described drag queen (a biological man with implanted breasts) and former transsexual prostitute” had lobbied to get Milk on the postage, the group let its views on San Francisco Board of Supervisors member, who was assassinated along with the city's mayor in 1978, be known:
Honoring predator Harvey Milk on a U.S. postage stamp is disturbing to say the least. Harvey Milk was a very disreputable man and used his charm and power to prey on young boys with emotional problems and drug addiction. He is the last person we should be featuring on a stamp.
The AFA then submitted these instructions to those who felt the same:
What you can do… 1. Refuse to accept the Harvey Milk stamp if offered by your local post office. Instead, ask for a stamp of the United States flag. 2. Refuse to accept mail at your home or business if it is postmarked with the Harvey Milk stamp. Simply write ‘Return to Sender” on the envelope and tell your postman you won't accept it.
Something tells me the AFA is about to get a whole lot of hate mail with Harvey Milk's smiling face in the upper right-hand corner of the envelope. Unfortunately, due to their strict new policy, they will never see the contents.
[Photo via USPS]
— —
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The following tables can contain a lot of data, especially if the website creates and or edits a lot of items, for the first 2 the tables it is very simple to define how many days to keep the data.
Publish Queue
Event Table
History Table
If there is to much data in any of the table it can cause the performance issues for Sitecore. By default Sitecore stores data for 30 days, which is too long.
Sitecore uses the following scheduled task to clean the database tables.
Sitecore.Tasks.CleanupPublishQueue Sitecore.Tasks.CleanupEventQueue Sitecore.Tasks.CleanupHistory
Both CleanupPublishQueue & CleanupEventQueue tasks provide the ability to specify the number of days to keep the entries (see below). Unfortunately in some cases 1 day is too long, but I will get back to that in another post.
So why can't you specify the number of days for the Sitecore.Tasks.CleanupHistory?
Just in case it was another undocumented feature, I opened up reflector and took a look at the Sitecore.Tasks.CleanupHistory implementation to see if it was possible or not to specify the period of time to keep entries in the history table – It wasn't!
I continued my search and found that the SqlServerHistoryStorage.Cleanup() function (see image below) is responsible for cleaning the history table. The SQL statement uses the EntryLifeTime property to define the threshold (time-span) to keep the entries.
Solution
With a bit more investigation I found that it was possible to define the EntryLifeTime value for each database in the web.config. It is possible to define the time-span using days, house, minutes s and even seconds 🙂
Hope this helps, Alan
A customer fills an e-cigarette at a shop in California. The Food and Drug Administration plans to begin regulating such products, whose use is already controlled in many countries. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
While at least 55 countries have prohibited or restricted the sale of e-cigarettes, they have remained largely unregulated in the United States. That is slated to change this year, as the Food and Drug Administration plans to begin regulating “vaporized nicotine products,” or VNPs —by taking such steps as preventing manufacturers from luring kids with edgy ads or flavored e-cigs.
But seven prominent tobacco experts writing in Addiction, a journal of the Society for the Study of Addiction, are trying to get ahead of the rules, urging regulators to keep a more open mind and take a restrained approach to e-cig regulation.
The lengthy article — labeled “For Debate” — was written by top researchers from five universities in the United States, Canada and Australia, plus the Truth Initiative (the tobacco-control nonprofit formerly called the American Legacy Foundation).
They present a detailed analysis of who uses e-cigs, how people start using e-cigs and how long they do it, along with a framework for using such data to carefully structure targeted legislation. The tone is measured and cautious: “The evidence suggests a strong potential for VNP use to improve population health by reducing or displacing cigarette use in countries where cigarette prevalence is high and smokers are interested in quitting” is about as strong as the article gets.
But the lead author, David. T. Levy of the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center at Georgetown University, spoke more directly about vaping in a university press release.
“We believe that the discussion to date has been slanted against e-cigarettes,” Levy says in a press release about the journal piece.
“We're concerned the FDA, which has asserted its right to regulate e-cigarettes, will focus solely on the possibility that e-cigarettes and other vapor nicotine products might act as a gateway to cigarette use,” Levy says.
This is unfortunate, he continues, because “these products appear to be used mostly by people who already are or who are likely to become cigarette smokers.”
Several days after the Addiction article appeared online, a major British medical organization chimed in: The Royal College of Physicians issued a paper that said, “Large-scale substitution of e-cigarettes, or other non-tobacco nicotine products, for tobacco smoking has the potential to prevent almost all the harm from smoking in society.”
© iStockphoto/Baris Simsek
New research gives the first accurate estimate of how much faster Earth's core is rotating compared to the rest of the planet.Previous research had shown that Earth's core rotates faster than the rest of the planet. However, scientists from the University of Cambridge have discovered that earlier estimates of 1 degree every year were inaccurate and that the core is actually moving much slower than previously believed -- approximately 1 degree every million years. Their findings are published on 20 February, in the journal Nature Geoscience.The inner core grows very slowly over time as material from the fluid outer core solidifies onto its surface. During this process, an east-west hemispherical difference in velocity is frozen into the structure of the inner core."The faster rotation rates are incompatible with the observed hemispheres in the inner core because it would not allow enough time for the differences to freeze into the structure," said Lauren Waszek, first author on the paper and a PhD student from the University of Cambridge's Department of Earth Sciences. "This has previously been a major problem, as the two properties cannot coexist. However, we derived the rotation rates from the evolution of the hemispherical structure, and thus our study is the first in which the hemispheres and rotation are inherently compatible."For the research, the scientists used seismic body waves which pass through the inner core -- 5200km beneath the surface of Earth -- and compared their travel time to waves which reflect from the inner core surface. The difference between the travel times of these waves provided them with the velocity structure of the uppermost 90 km of the inner core.They then had to reconcile this information with the differences in velocity for the east and west hemispheres of the inner core. First, they observed the east and west hemispherical differences in velocity. They then constrained the two boundaries which separate the hemispheres and found that they both shifted consistently eastward with depth. Because the inner core grows over time the deeper structure is therefore older, and the shift in the boundaries between the two hemispheres results in the inner core rotating with time. The rotation rate is therefore calculated from the shift of the boundaries and the growth rate of the inner core.Although the inner core is 5200km beneath our feet, the effect of its presence is especially important on Earth's surface. In particular, as the inner core grows, the heat released during solidification drives convection in the fluid in the outer core. This convection generates Earth's geomagnetic field. Without our magnetic field, the surface would not be protected from solar radiation, and life on Earth would not be able to exist."This result is the first observation of such a slow inner core rotation rate," said Waszek "It therefore provides a confirmed value which can now be used in simulations to model the convection of the Earth's fluid outer core, giving us additional insight into the evolution of our magnetic field."The paper 'Reconciling the hemispherical structure of Earth's inner core with its super-rotation' is scheduled for advanced online publication in Nature Geoscience on 20 February.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Aiming to help rural communities deal with climate change, the Obama administration is creating seven regional "climate hubs" that will serve as clearinghouses for information and outreach about extreme weather across the U.S.
One of the hubs will be based at a U.S. Forest Service research station on North Carolina State University's Centennial Campus, said U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"For generations, America's farmers, ranchers and forest landowners have innovated and adapted to challenges. Today, they face a new and more complex threat in the form of a changing and shifting climate, which impacts both our nation's forests and our farmers' bottom lines," Vilsack said in a statement. "USDA's Climate Hubs are part of our broad commitment to developing the next generation of climate solutions, so that our agricultural leaders have the modern technologies and tools they need to adapt and succeed in the face of a changing climate."
Other Regional Hubs for Risk Adaptation and Mitigation to Climate Change will be in forest service stations or government research labs in Ames, Iowa; Durham, N.H.; Fort Collins, Colo.; El Reno, Okla.; Corvallis, Ore.; and Las Cruces, N.M. Three smaller "sub-hubs" will be created in Houghton, Mich.; Davis, Calif.; and Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico.
The hubs fulfill one aspect of a broader climate change plan that President Barack Obama unveiled last year.
Citing environmental changes such as longer fire seasons and intense droughts, the Agriculture Department said the hubs would help mitigate the unique implications that climate change poses for rural areas and the people who live there. The goal is to synchronize the federal government's preparation and resources with what other entities, such as universities, tribal communities and state governments, are doing to prepare for shifting temperatures.
The hubs will provide outreach and information to producers on ways to mitigate risks; public education about the risks climate change poses to agriculture, ranchlands and forests; regional climate risk and vulnerability assessments; and centers of climate forecast data and information. They will also link to a network of state and federal agencies, universities and non-governmental groups participating in climate risk adaptation and mitigation.
"This is the next step in USDA's decades of work alongside farmers, ranchers and forest landowners to keep up production in the face of challenges," Vilsack said. "If we are to be effective in managing the risks from a shifting climate, we'll need to ensure that our managers in the field and our stakeholders have the information they need to succeed. That's why we're bringing all of that information together on a regionally-appropriate basis."
The climate hub is the second major research operation the federal government has placed on Centennial Campus in recent weeks. Obama visited N.C. State last month to announce a $70 million Department of Energy grant that the university will lead to develop more efficient semiconductors.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgian police briefly used water cannon to control several hundred rowdy protesters in central Brussels on Sunday after they ignored an official call for marches to be postponed following Tuesday's bombings.
Amid fears of further attacks, officials wanted to give police the scope to focus on investigations which have widened to other countries, leading to the arrest of an Algerian in Italy and intelligence cooperation with Germany. Police carried out 13 new raids in Belgium itself.
Hundreds nevertheless gathered at the Bourse to express solidarity with the victims of the suicide bomb attacks at Brussels airport and on a rush-hour metro train. Thirty one people were killed, including three attackers, and hundreds more injured. Islamic State has claimed responsibility.
Most of the protests were peaceful but white-helmeted riot police used the water cannon against a group of protesters, many of whom local media described as right-wing nationalists, who burst onto the square chanting and carrying banners denouncing Islamic State.
“It is highly inappropriate that protesters have disrupted the peaceful reflection at the Bourse (stock exchange). I strongly condemn these disturbances,” Prime Minister Charles Michel said according to Belga news agency.
Brussels Mayor Yvan Mayeur said the group were “scoundrels”.
In and around Brussels and Antwerp, police carried out 13 new raids in connection with the attacks, with nine people questioned and five later released, the prosecutor's office said.
With links to the Paris attacks in November becoming clearer, and amid criticism that Europe has not done enough to share intelligence about suspected Islamist militants, cooperation appeared to be deepening.
Belgian press agency Belga said on Sunday prosecutors had charged a man in connection with a raid in Paris on Thursday that authorities say foiled an apparent attack plot.
Belga named him as Abderamane A. who prosecutors had said on Saturday was being held after being shot in a raid in the Brussels district of Schaerbeek.
After a series of raids in Belgium and Germany, Italian police also arrested Algerian Djamal Eddine Ouali who is suspected of making documents for militants linked to the bombings, Italian media said on Saturday.
Demonstrators protesting against the wave of terrorism confront police near the old stock exchange in Brussels, Belgium. March 27. 2016. REUTERS/Yves Herman
His name was found in documents in a raid on an apartment near Brussels last October, including some with photos of militants involved in the attacks in Paris and in Brussels and the aliases they used.
WEB OF LINKS
As the web of links between the suspects and attacks emerges, German lawmakers said Europe urgently needed to improve the way its security agencies shared information.
But Germany's Federal Criminal Police Office was among the European security agencies still hunting for at least eight mostly French or Belgian suspects, Die Welt am Sonntag newspaper reported. They are thought to be on the run in Syria or Europe.
Belgian prosecutors also charged three men on Saturday including Faycal C., whom Belgian media identified as Faycal Cheffou and said he was “the man in the hat”, as he has become known, in last Tuesday's airport CCTV footage that showed three men pushing baggage trolleys.
However, investigators have not confirmed that Cheffou is that man, a person close to the investigation told Reuters.
A video posted on social media outlets used by Islamic State on Saturday showed a Belgian militant in the group's de facto capital Raqqa, Syria, taunting his home country in Flemish.
“You learned nothing from the lessons of Paris, because you continued fighting Islam and the Muslims. For this I want to tell you that the attack in Brussels is reaping what you had sown with your own hands,” Hicham Chaib, whose nom de guerre was given as Abu Hanifa al-Beljiki, said.
“Just as you bomb the Muslims with your F-16s, we will fight your people.”
The authenticity of the video could not immediately be verified by Reuters.
Officials said 24 victims from nine different nationalities had been identified so far from the attacks in Brussels, where the European Union and NATO have their headquarters. Fourteen were identified at the airport and 10 on the metro. A further four people remain unidentified.
Slideshow (12 Images)
In addition, 340 people were wounded, according to the latest official toll on Saturday, of whom 101 are still in hospital, 62 of them in intensive care, many with severe burns.
Away from the protests on the Bourse square, Brussels was largely quiet on Sunday, with many celebrating Easter but Monseigneur Jozef De Kesel, archbishop of Brussels, told Reuters it would be difficult to celebrate as usual.
“The foundations of our society, freedom, respect for others, have been hit, attacked,” he said.
EUGENE, Ore. - The Eugene city council passed the "From Dusk to Dawn" ordinance Monday night.
In a unanimous vote, the city council approved the program allowing campers to sleep on city owned or leased property from 4:30 p.m. to 7:30 a.m.
The city manager will now determine locations for campgrounds and work on infrastructure and sanitation for the sites.
The program will run until March 15 and will begin as soon as locations are determined.
"Council is committed to our rest stop program and trying to do what we can in this kind of inclement weather to accommodate as many people as we can to provide at least some relief in terms of shelter during the evenings," said Greg Evans from the Eugene City Council.
The city council says it acted with a sense of urgency as the cold winter months are just beginning.
HAVANA (Reuters) - President Raul Castro called on all Cubans to help eradicate the mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus on Monday and ordered 9,000 army troops to help stave off the disease.
Eloy, 38, a Cuban military reservist who is working in a fumigation campaign against Aedes aegypti mosquito, posses for a picture in Havana February 22, 2016. REUTERS/Enrique de la Osa
Cuba has yet to detect a case of Zika, but the outbreak is affecting large parts of Latin America and the Caribbean and is likely to spread to all countries in the Americas except for Canada and Chile, the World Health Organization (WHO) has said.
“It's necessary for every single Cuban to take up this battle as a personal matter,” Castro wrote in a national message sounding the alarm over Zika, which is carried by mosquitoes that transmit the virus to humans and which is suspected of causing birth defects after infecting pregnant women.
Cubans should clean up potential environments for the Aedes genus of mosquitoes, said Castro, who also is general of the armed forces.
He ordered 9,000 active-duty officers and reserves plus 200 police officers to join the effort.
Military reserves were out on the streets of Havana's Cerro district on Monday, knocking on doors and fumigating homes. People appeared cooperative as they gathered on corners waiting for the fumes to clear.
“We are fighting by using the public health system so the Zika virus does not attack our country,” said Cristina Suarez, a mechanical engineer and military reservist mobilized for the campaign.
The ruling Communist Party and the government have adopted a plan under the direction of the Health Ministry to deal with Zika that will also help combat the mosquito-borne diseases dengue and chikungunya, Castro said.
One Health Ministry employee, who asked not to be identified because she was not authorized to talk with journalists, said the country's vast network of neighborhood doctors and clinics were watching for Zika symptoms and that suspected cases would be quarantined in hospital wards prepared for an eventual outbreak.
“There are no confirmed cases yet but there will be. To date there have been two suspected cases that turned out negative,” said the employee, who has real-time access to epidemiological data.
The WHO declared the outbreak an international health emergency on Feb. 1, citing a “strongly suspected” relationship between Zika infection in pregnancy and microcephaly, a condition marked by abnormally small head size.
However, much remains unknown about Zika, including whether the virus actually causes microcephaly. Scientists are also studying a potential link between Zika infection and Guillain-Barre, a rare neurological disorder that can weaken the muscles and cause paralysis.
There is no vaccine or treatment for Zika.
Rep. Devin Nunes , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a leading defender of government surveillance programs, reacted with outrage when he found out the FBI had listened in on conversations between the Russian ambassador and a top Trump official.
“I expect for the FBI to tell me what is going on, and they better have a good answer,” the California Republican told the Washington Post. “The big problem I see here is that you have an American citizen who had his phone calls recorded.”
Telephone conversations between Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak led to Flynn's resignation.
The fact that communications from the Russian delegation in Washington are closely monitored should surprise no one. The FBI routinely uses the NSA's eavesdropping techniques to monitor the delegation — for obvious intelligence and counterintelligence reasons — and as a former top intelligence official in the Obama administration, Flynn must have known that his conversation would be intercepted.
Yet after the news of Flynn's resignation, several traditional surveillance defenders rushed to the defense of his privacy rights as an “American citizen.”
The surveillance-touting Wall Street Journal in an editorial Monday dropped its usual use of the term “intelligence professionals” to question whether “U.S. spooks” had a court order to listen to Flynn's conversations.
What's particularly ironic about Nunes's comments was that he seemed to be ignoring one of the biggest gaps in U.S. surveillance law — one which he has personally defended — that allows the government to spy on millions of Americans without any sort of probable cause by targeting their communications with people overseas.
“The concept that many Americans' communications are incidentally recorded when speaking to foreign targets is Foreign Intelligence 101,” said Jake Laperruque, senior counsel at the Constitution Project. “It's hard to believe a competent intelligence committee chair doesn't understand this.”
The Wall Street Journal has also celebrated the law that contains the loophole and after its reauthorization in 2013 praised Obama as an “unapologetic asserter of Presidential powers.”
In 2015, Reps. Zoe Loefgren, D-Calif., and Thomas Massie, R-Ky., introduced an amendment that would have required the FBI to get a search warrant in the exact situation Flynn is facing: when they rely on capabilities of the NSA to target international communications that involve Americans.
But rather than expressing concern then, Nunes sent a letter to his colleagues opposing the measure. “When the Intelligence Community acquires the communications of CT [counterterrorism] or CI [counterintelligence] targets abroad, among the most critical issues is to determine if they are communicating with persons in the United States,” he wrote.
In an email to The Intercept, a spokesman for Nunes tried to walk back the congressman's earlier statement, saying his concerns were about whether Flynn's identity could have legally been “unmasked” due to minimization procedures built into the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
The minimization procedures call for the redaction of names of “U.S. persons” when they are caught up in international surveillance. But they allow the identity of U.S. persons to be unmasked whenever it is necessary to understand the communication — which is almost certainly the case with Flynn's call.
“This seems to be an excuse that either doesn't comprehend or want to acknowledge how broadly the FBI can fully access any Americans' incidentally recorded communications under FISA,” Laperruque said.
This is hardly the first time that foreign intelligence wiretaps have gotten U.S. persons in trouble. The FBI has relied on NSA-collected information in a number of criminal cases — and has even repeatedly failed to provide legal notice to defendants that the evidence used in their case was acquired that way.
It's also not the first time that NSA hawks have — if briefly — leapt to the defense of privacy rights when the privacy being violated involved them or their political allies.
Last year, for example, Sen. Marco Rubio — who has argued for expanding and permanently extending many of the NSA's surveillance programs — responded with shock and outrage upon learning in 2015 that the NSA was spying on the Israeli government and swept up some of his own communications in the process.
The problem for these newfound surveillance critics is that if they want to demand protections for Americans caught up in the NSA's web, they have to do so for all Americans — not just their political allies.
Har m reduction – not a war on drugs – has reduced illicit drug use and improved public safety in what was once Ground Zero for an HIV and overdose epidemic that cost many lives, says a 15-year study of drug use in Vancouver's impoverished Downtown Eastside.
The report by the B.C. Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS found that from 1996 to 2011, fewer people were using drugs and, of those who were, fewer were injecting drugs, said Dr. Thomas Kerr, co-author of the report and co-director of the centre's Urban Health Research Initiative.
"A public health emergency was declared here because we saw the highest rates of HIV infection ever seen outside of sub-Saharan Africa – in this community. At the same time, the community was being levelled by an overdose epidemic," Kerr said after presenting his findings to members of the group affected at a community centre in the heart of the neighbourhood.
Story continues below advertisement
Vancouver took a public health approach to the crisis, opening the country's first supervised injection site in 2003, and Kerr said the statistics show that approach was successful.
There were fewer people sharing needles in 2011, and there were fewer new infections of HIV and Hepatitis C related to sharing needles, the study found.
In 1996, almost 40 per cent of drug users reported sharing needles, but by 2011, that had dropped to 1.7 per cent. About 25 per cent of Vancouver's drug users are HIV positive, and about 90 per cent suffer from Hepatitis C.
The overall health of drug users had improved and more people were accessing addictions treatment, jumping from 12 per cent on methadone treatment in 1996 to 54.5 per cent since 2008, statistics showed.
"This is probably the city with the most aggressive harm reduction approach, yet we're seeing declining rates of drug use within this community," Kerr said.
Still, the Conservative government continues to fight programs such as supervised-injection sites, he said.
Earlier this month, the federal government introduced the Respect for Communities Act, which will require applicants of drug injection sites to consult with the community, provincial and municipal authorities and law enforcement officials, before setting up new facilities.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
A federal Conservative party campaign suggested drug consumption sites could open across the country over the objections of local residents and law enforcement.
Several policing associations have sided with the federal government on the issue, but in B.C. the provincial government is a supporter of Vancouver's InSite.
The Supreme Court of Canada ordered the Conservatives to keep the Vancouver clinic open, despite their objections, but proponents of the site say the federal legislation would make it almost impossible to open another.
"We have a federal government that ignores science in favour of ideology, and people are sick and dying as a result," Kerr said.
"When we're dealing with matters such as life and death, I think we're obligated to base our decisions on the best available scientific evidence. I think it's unethical to do otherwise."
Dave Hamm, president of the Vancouver-Area Network of Drug Users, which has advocated for harm reduction measures, said that as Vancouver has promoted a health strategy, the federal government has promoted an American-style war on drugs.
Story continues below advertisement
"Crime is going down, drug use is going down, and they're still putting more into policing," he said.
The study found that illicit drugs continue to be easily available on the streets of Vancouver, despite enforcement efforts.
The centre and Hamm's group are divided, however, when it comes to legalization. The centre does not support the legalization of illegal drugs.
"We think the mistakes that were made through privatizing tobacco sales and alcohol sales have been well-documented, and we don't want to see the same mistakes made with illicit drugs," Hamm said.
There was some disappointing news for health officials in the study.
There has been only a slight drop in mortality rates among the city's illicit drug users, who have a death rate eight times higher than the general population.
Story continues below advertisement
And while overall drug use has declined, there is an increase in the use of crystal meth, in particular among street youth.
There has also been an increase in the availability of prescription opioids on the street, and housing continues to be a problem, with between 50 and 70 per cent of drug users homeless or reliant on shelters or the cheap single-room occupancy units available for rent in the city.
Chapter 1
Fleeting Shadows
(A/N: This story was inspired by the writing prompt "Blake's clones won't go away", and takes place after an alternate Volume 3 where Blake still ran away, but instead of losing her arm, Yang was severely injured in a brutal fight with Adam. She lost the use of her right arm, received a life threatening stab to the chest, and was in critical condition when Blake tearfully ran away. This narrative takes place a few weeks or a couple months after, and while it uses the same canon as "The Petals Scatter Now" and "The Patchwork Prodigy", whether it actually takes place in the same universe is up to you. I hope you enjoy. God bless)
Thunder clapped outside while the rain pummeled the stony outcropping. Nearby, a Beowolf howled signaling it had found prey, and the faunus who had seeked shelter hours earlier in the small cave hoped she was its target.
"Why did you leave?" the shadowy figure demanded. "Why do you always leave, Blake?"
"I-" her voice caught on the back of her throat and began to sob bitterly. She had been doing a lot of that lately.
As a child, her best friend had been her shadow. The only person who never judged her and was even more miserable than herself, until recently that is.
"Please go away!" she screamed, covering her ears and curling into a ball beside the pitiful fire. "Please..."
The shadow stretched across the cave's wall, almost like a monster hovering over its helpless prey. It haunted her everywhere she went and was merciless in its accusations.
"I'm sorry!"
"Is being sorry going to make her all better?" her voice snapped back. "Is being sorry going to make up for all your sins with the White Fang? In eighteen years, has running away from your problems ever solved anything?"
Blake whimpered, which the shadow took for an answer.
"You can hardly live with yourself right now. How do you think she feels? You left her, Blake. She was dying in your arms, and you left her dying in a hospital bed because you couldn't stand the guilt you felt looking at her. You left her when she needed you."
"Ya-" The name still hurt too much to utter. "She doesn't need me."
"Of course she needs you!" The shadow creeped across the cave floor toward her, causing the small flame of the campfire to flicker. "She woke up with her arm useless and a machine breathing for her to save your life, but you couldn't stay longer enough to thank her."
"I DON'T WANT TO THANK HER! SHE SHOULD'VE LEFT ME TO DIE! I WOULD'VE RATHER DIED THAN SEE HER-"
Something feeling like a boot was driven into her chest, and she curled up defensively.
"I wonder if Yang regrets her decision. I wonder if Yang can go a day without thinking about having a blade tear through flesh and cut through bone because of you."
"Please stop..."
"Not until you listen," her voice hissed back, feeling like venom in her ears.
Thunder crackled overhead, and the Beowolf howled again, closer than before.
"You haven't slept in days. You haven't eaten besides what you could forage for even longer, and at this rate you're going to die of hypothermia or pneumonia before that Grimm can tear you to pieces."
At this, Blake began coughing and her fit didn't stop for several minutes. Her clothes were soaked and her body numb, but her head was vibrant as it blazed hotter than the fire.
"Are you finished?" When she didn't respond the shadow continued. "Punishing yourself isn't going to help her, and dying tonight isn't going to redeem you."
A familiar presence lifted off the girl's shoulder, and she cracked her eyes open just enough to see a butcher's cleaver dangling above her.
"Would you like me to do the honors?"
The ribbon of Gambol Shroud wrapped around the girl's throat, cutting off any answer she might've given.
"How many times did she let you get lost in her aura? How many times did she say with and without words how much she loves you? How many times did she call you her sister, in front of her real sister, and when you didn't deserve it? Even now, Yang would take you back in a heartbeat and forgive you without a second thought, but if you do this she'll never forgive you. Is that what you truly want?"
The girl coughed, her face beginning to turn a shade of red, but the shadow seemed to understand.
"Blake Belladonna, you are self-loathing, self-centered, and selfish. Notice a pattern? Your best friend forgave you for anything you might've done with the White Fang before you could even tell her all the terrible things you'd done. She would forgive you even now, but you wouldn't be able to forgive yourself. That's the real reason you didn't blow up that train with all those passengers. Not because of the innocent lives taken, but you wouldn't be able to live with yourself, just like now."
The shadow turned just as a large figure lumbered into the cave. Blake's tearful eyes stared at the beast that had to duck just to enter, and the fire was snuffed out as an unnatural, evil chill filled the air. The Beowolf seemed to smile at its victim, revealing row after row of teeth, but didn't seem to regard the shadow hovering above.
"What will it be?" she asked the helpless girl. "You have a choice, but not much time to make it."
The Beowolf howled and its helpless prey closed its eyes, perhaps content that while it wouldn't exactly be a painless death, at least it would be quick.
Blake gasped for breath as the ribbon loosened around her throat, and opened her eyes just in time to see the beast dissipate in the air above her. She glanced at the shadow wielding her blade, massaging her neck and gasping for breath. White teeth flashed where her mouth should've been, and for a moment she could see a reflection of herself. Something she hadn't seen or wanted to see since the day she ran.
The shadow gave her a hand to her feet and quickly embraced her. Warmth engulfed the girl, and a familiar, cheerful voice came from the shadow's mouth.
"Always remember, Blake," the memory of Yang's voice echoed. "Always remember that you are loved totally and unconditionally. When you don't feel like you deserve to be loved, or when you don't even love yourself, always remember that your friends love you. And it doesn't matter how far you run or what you do. We'll always forgive you even if you can't forgive yourself."
The girl sobbed into the shadow's shoulder, which had grown several inches since being embraced. A calloused finger touched her cheek, and gently began wiping away the tears. Gambol Shroud was placed back in its rightful position, and steadily Blake was raised so they could look each properly.
Amber eyes stared into amber, both with puffy eyes and tear-stained cheeks.
"It's not that long of a walk," one of them said. "If you hurry, you might still make it for dinner. On a windy day you can smell her dad's cooking, but you still imagine she's the one baking the burnt cookies anyway."
The other Blake nodded, and took a step toward the mouth of the cave and the unforgiving storm when a strong arm turned her around.
"I'll be waiting for you," said the girl with lilac eyes and beautiful hair, winking before disappearing. "I'll always be waiting..."
(A/N: Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed. In all honesty this story just popped in my head one night and I decided to see where the idea took me. Originally it was going to resemble canon more, but writing a story with Yang having lost her arm just didn't interest me (for various reasons) so I decided to do a little bit of revising. I thought Yang nearly bleeding to death in Blake's arms would affect her more, and I liked the idea that her injuries were literally sacrificial in her hellacious fight with Adam. I don't expect this story to be very long, just a short friendship fanfic between Blake and Yang about forgiveness and sisterly love. RWBY and this story's cover image, the silhouette of Yang from the Yellow Trailer, belongs to Rooster Teeth. All credit for this story goes to my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, who has blessed me with a love for writing and a story to tell, but most importantly, wonderful readers such as yourself. God bless)
Apologies to Samsung. I've talked a lot of smack about its Gear VR headset, from the day we first heard the rumor that "Samsung is getting into virtual reality." It seemed like a disaster in the making—a desperate cash grab that was going to poison the VR well before Oculus even made it to market. Back at E3 I even asked Oculus co-founder Nate Mitchell whether they were worried at all about Samsung, which seems especially ironic in retrospect considering the two companies are partnering up for Gear VR.
Samsung has a tendency to be first, you see, regardless of whether or not the implementation is right, and with a nascent technology like virtual reality that could be the difference between "This technology changes everyone's lives" and "Virtual reality goes the same way it did back in the nineties."
And then I used Gear VR and my concerns melted away. Most of them, at least.
Mobile reality
At Oculus Connect this past weekend I spent about ten minutes using Gear VR during a late-night reception, testing out a few demos. Then I was so impressed I asked Oculus PR to take me back to Gear VR the next day, where I sat and messed around with the headset for another forty minutes.
If you've used either of the two Rift development kits (affectionately termedDK1 and DK2), you already know that's a fairly impressive figure. If Samsung's implementation of VR were wrong, I would've lasted five to ten minutes at most before being hit with nausea.
It helps that Gear VR is incredibly lightweight. It's basically just a plastic headband with a Galaxy Note 4 phablet strapped to the front, so it feels a lot less cumbersome than the DK2 (though the lighter-feeling Crescent Bay prototype comes close).
The Note 4 clicks into the casing with a simple push, and from there it's the same old Rift tradition: Put on Rift, put on headphones, put controller on your lap so you can find it later.
Oculus VR
That last part is important because Gear VR has one huge feature that I now desperately hope makes it into the consumer Rift model—basic controls mounted on the headset. Using the DK2 Rift is still a cumbersome process. Every time you want to do anything outside the Rift (like launch a new demo), you're forced to pull the headset off and mess around on your PC monitor.
Gear VR also gives us our first glimpse of the integrated Oculus storefront, here called Oculus Home. It's a bunch of live tiles, similar to Microsoft's Xbox One interface. There's a touchpad integrated into the side of Gear VR, and navigation is as simple as swiping left and right on the touchpad, aiming your head at the demo you want to play, and tapping to enter. There's also a button to go back and a rocker for volume controls.
It's so easy. DK2 apparently has a bit of this functionality—tapping the side of the headset will shake the sensor in a specific manner and trigger a "confirm" response, but it's far from having full control. As a result, I played maybe ten or fifteen demos on Gear VR without ever taking the headset off or even using the gamepad. That's the future.
But what about the demos themselves?
Content is king
I'm a games writer and I went to the Gear VR demo to play games, but surprisingly the thing that stuck with me most was Oculus Cinema. And by stuck with me most I mean "has probably killed movie theaters for me." I've used other movie apps for the DK1 and DK2 and VR Cinema in particular is fantastic. Oculus Cinema takes it to a whole new level.
I didn't watch a full film on the device, if only because there were no full films loaded, but I did watch a dozen or so trailers. You can watch films in a standard cinema experience, a home theater, or on the friggin' moon with Earth circling above. All feature dynamic lighting reflections, so you get a sense of these settings being realistic from the way light bounces off the seats or lunar rocks.
But standard cinema, even in fantastical environments, is just a start. Other demos allowed me to watch films in super-widescreen, as if I were watching a movie stretched across three computer monitors. Another set of demos let me watch films on a full IMAX screen, and because of the Oculus's built-in 3D capabilities I was even able to watch Hubble 3D (which I've seen in a real IMAX theater multiple times) with all its 3D effects preserved.
And I did it for free. Now, who knows what business model Oculus Cinema will launch with, and how you'll be able to purchase IMAX-quality films, but the Gear VR's 1440 resolution and light weight made it so watching a full film with that device strapped to my face no longer seemed like a fool's errand. I'm excited about a future where I can load up Netflix in my Rift or Gear VR and watch a film like it's in a private movie theater on the moon.
That's not to say the rest of the Gear VR demos were bad though. Far from it. Oculus also showed off a repository of 360-degree videos and photos, such as one where I watched a guy play music in his home studio or a brief clip of a circus performance. The latter made me jump when I turned to the left and saw a guy in weird makeup staring right into the camera and waving at me. One demo even put me in the pilot seat of a Pacific Rim Jaeger, where I duked it out with a Kaiju. This. I want to see more of this.
The author, taking a selfie while using the Gear VR in a situation with utterly terrible lighting.
Moving over to interactive experiences, Harmonix's app stands out. It's less a "game" and more of a music visualizer in full 3D, and that's fine with me. There were five songs included in the demo and I ran through every single one of them, just to see more. The visualizer puts you on a cartoony tropical beach, where every single object moves to the beat; for instance, the waves pulse up and down to the rhythm. Focusing on certain "special objects" then causes them to fill your entire frame of vision, providing a more traditional visualizer experience. The moon, for instance, becomes a pulsing ball that expands and contracts, while the sun becomes a crazy kaleidoscope of colors. There are more environments planned for the full release.
Most of the games I played were games I've already tried on the Rift, such as Lucky's Tale, so I won't bother talking much about them. Suffice it to say the Gear VR does just as good a job playing them as the DK2. You won't be seeing a high-end title like Elite: Dangerous on Gear VR anytime soon, but for the low-poly, stylized demos we see quite often on the Rift, Gear VR works great. I shot down planes, I solved part of a locked-room mystery, and I played the arcade classic Breakout in full 3D. All of this went down without a hitch, and not having a cable tethered to the side of your head makes things like "spinning rapidly in circles in a desk chair" a lot less scary.
First to market woes
There are still problems though. First of all, Samsung's gamepad is a hot piece of garbage. I didn't have to use it much, and thank god for that. It's an awkward shape, not really fitting into my hands comfortably no matter how much I shifted. Instead of analog sticks it uses slidepads that are recessed into the controller, and the D-pad is another circle that halfheartedly tilts slightly to the side when pressed. The Start and Select buttons are placed on the bottom edge, making it all but impossible to hit them; the face buttons are labeled with one to four dots making it impossible to remember which is which; and there are only two triggers instead of the now-standard-for-every-single-gamepad-come-on-Samsung-what-are-you-doing four.
I don't like it.
Samsung's Gear VR controller is crap. Everything about it.
The Gear VR's optics don't seem quite perfect yet, and I noticed some slight warping of the image at certain angles or when turning my head quickly, almost as if the lenses weren't quite adjusted right.
John Carmack opened his keynote the other day talking about what he sees as the device's faults, so in fairness I'll list them here: It only refreshes at 60Hz instead of the 90Hz Oculus sees as a baseline, and there's no position tracking.
And finally, the Note 4 gets hot when it's acting as the display and processing brains for the Gear VR. How do I know? Because after prolonged usage, the Note 4 pops up a warning talking about how hot it is! That doesn't seem good. Carmack talked during his keynote about how Samsung allows Oculus to effectively run the device at its full processing power for far longer than it would during normal usage, which creates heating problems due to the passive (no fans) cooling of a mobile device.
I don't know how long you'd have to run Gear VR for that warning to pop up normally—obviously we were using demo units that were running for at least forty minutes before I ever got my hands on them. Still, it's a bit worrisome to see that warning pop up, and I can't help but wonder how it'll effect the longevity of the Note 4 considering that's not exactly a cheap device. (The unsubsidized cost starts at $826.) I guess we'll have to wait for a review to find out, though.
Oculus VR
Bottom line
Surprise: Gear VR is good! Far from poisoning the VR well, Samsung's Gear VR might actually be the thing that helps it go mainstream, considering you don't need a fancy PC to run it, you don't need to attach a cable to the side of your head, and you can run many of the most mainstream VR experiences without ever needing to pull it off your face.
I know. It's shocking to me too. If it only worked with more phones than the pricey Note 4…
The defender had a torrid time despite Liverpool's win over Arsenal.
Gary Neville at Valencia
Gary Neville has blasted Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno for his display in Sunday's clash with Arsenal, speaking on Sky Sports.
The Reds travelled to the Emirates on Sunday looking to get their Premier League season off to a winning start.
They managed to do just that too, with goals from Philippe Coutinho, Adam Lallana and Sadio Mane seeing them to a 4-3 victory.
Liverpool's Alberto Moreno concedes a penalty against Arsenal's Theo Walcott
While his teammates impressed, Moreno did not, conceding a penalty in the first half and then being caught out of position for Theo Walcott's opening goal.
And Neville did not hold back in his criticism of the Spaniard, saying Liverpool might as well start a goal down with him in their team.
“You might as well start a goal down with Moreno at left back, he's got no concept of the players around him,” he told Sky Sports.
Arsenal's Theo Walcott in action with Liverpool's Alberto Moreno
It now remains to be seen if this is the final nail in the coffin for Moreno at Liverpool.
The defender continued to struggle last season, with his display in the Europa League final against former side Sevilla coming in for particular criticism.
This display was the latest in a long line of poor performances and it would not be surprising to see the Reds going big to find a replacement before the end of the transfer window.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp
Flux is a software pattern, not a concrete artifact like a library or framework. This has encouraged developers to create various implementations of the pattern. I've explained an approach to the Flux pattern often enough that I felt it was time to put it into a blog. The approach creates instances for the Flux actors instead of using singletons.
Context
I've worked on Knockout based applications for years; since before frameworks like Angular and Ember were mature. Knockout though has been showing some of it's limitations and age.
Knockout needs the data that it binds to the DOM to be wrapped in Knockout observables. Knockout observables end up spreading everywhere. If an observable depends on another observable in a different model class you will need to couple those two model classes by passing the observable. Classes can reach inside each other and access observables without a second thought. They would modify the observable value if they needed, there was no explicit ownership of model data.
For small to medium complexity components this is not an issue, you can hold the structure in your head. As components scale in complexity though, it becomes harder to correctly reason about your code structure and data flow.
Flux provides something that Knockout sorely lacks, structure and abstractions for scaling and a well defined and consistent data flow.
Constraints
Our applications are real time trading solutions. They must handle spikes in streaming traffic and high levels of updates. Clients could have 10+ FX tiles open in a layout, each receiving updates for a highly active currency pair. 4 updates a second per currency pair was a realistic benchmark. Tiles could be opened up, displaying multiple prices (different settlement dates or traded amounts would have different prices). This meant a tile could have 9 separate prices streaming in, one for each row in a ladder.
We also have tabbed layouts which allowed clients to have background tabs open with a different set of tiles. These tiles would not be visible and we didn't want hidden components to interfere with the performance of the application. In essence we wanted each tile component to be separate from the other tile components. This would allow granular control over every tile's data subscriptions and behaviour.
Concerns with the Facebook Flux pattern
These constraints meant that we were wary of adopting the Flux pattern as implemented in the example Flux applications. The general data flow and abstractions, were appealing but the exact mechanics we wanted to tweak.
The change we made to the pattern was to make the actors of the system class instances. In the example Flux applications the stores, action creators and dispatchers are all singletons. This is fine if you only have one instance of a component (let's say a shopping cart). With one component instance you don't need multiple instances of its action creators or stores.
Things become more complex if you have multiple instances of a component all sharing the same action creators and stores.
Distinguishing data for component instances
With singletons each instance of your component must generate a unique ID and pass that around as a namespace for its data and actions. As all view components keep their data in the same store they need to be able to segregate their data from other view components. You wouldn't want a chat message inputted in one chat box being added to every chat window. This results in some boilerplate code; code that passes around IDs and filters data based on these IDs.
getAllForThread : function ( threadID ) { var threadMessages = []; for ( var id in _messages ) { if ( _messages [ id ]. threadID === threadID ) { threadMessages . push ( _messages [ id ]); } } ... }
The snippet above, from the Flux chat example application, displays the sort of boilerplate required. The namespace here is provided by threadID . Not complex, but removing this accidental complexity is a plus. Given that our components have a high complexity and significant amounts of state we would need to add ID boilerplate code in a lot of classes.
Performance
Performance issues could arise due to the high volume of data events flowing into stores. The stores emit change events which trigger a view rerender. As all instances of a view would be registered to the same store they would all be notified of a store state change.
case ActionTypes . CLICK_THREAD : ChatAppDispatcher . waitFor ([ ThreadStore . dispatchToken ]); _markAllInThreadRead ( ThreadStore . getCurrentID ()); MessageStore . emitChange (); break ;
The snippet above, again from the Flux chat example application, shows how when the store changes its state it notifies the component views listening to it. If you have 10 chat windows and one action triggers an update to its store all 10 chat window views could trigger a rerender. There are several reasons why when using React it shouldn't result in too much waste. Firstly it batches Virtual DOM diffing secondly the Virtual DOM prevents unnecessary DOM updates and finally you could implement custom shouldComponentUpdate methods for your components.
Given the high update rates for certain tiles, which could trigger rerender requests for tiles that might not even be visible we had to consider the possibility of needing those custom shouldComponentUpdate methods.
While the above concerns are tractable, using instances instead of singletons allowed us not to worry about them.
Implementing the changes
Using instances instead of singletons requires a different approach to accessing the actors in a Flux system. With singletons all you do is require the modules.
var MessageStore = require ( '../stores/MessageStore' ); ... var ThreadStore = require ( '../stores/ThreadStore' ); var UnreadThreadStore = require ( '../stores/UnreadThreadStore' );
The approach we took was to use a factory. The factory API has getters for the actors in the Flux pattern.
class FluxDependenciesFactory { constructor ( dispatcher ) {} getDispatcher {} getStore ( storeName ) {} getUtility ( utilityName ) {} getActionCreator ( actionCreatorName ) {} registerStore ( storeName , storeClass ) {} registerUtility ( utilityName , utilityClass ) {} registerActionCreator ( actionCreatorName , actionCreatorClass ) {} }
For each instance of a component, such as an FX tile, we would create a new factory and pass that factory into the root component as a view prop . The React Tile view component would pass the factory on downward to its child view components. From that point in the view downward the dispatcher, views, stores and action creators would all share the same dependency instances. These instances would be separate from the instances in another Tile view component.
const dispatcher = new Flux . Dispatcher (); const fluxDependenciesFactory = new Factory ( dispatcher ); populateFactory ( fluxDependenciesFactory ); React . render ( < Tile factory = { fluxDependenciesFactory } /> , this . _mountNode );
The populateFactory function would register the constructors of the actors by their name.
function populateFactory ( factory ) { ... factory . registerStore ( 'TenorLadderRowDate' , TenorLadderRowDateStore ); factory . registerStore ( 'TenorLadderRowButton' , TenorLadderRowButtonStore ); }
The first time a request for an actor is received by the factory it will create it; any subsequent requests for that actor will return the same instance.
const store = this . props . factory . getStore ( 'TenorLadderRowButton' );
Drawbacks
The tradeoffs to this approach are having to pass the factory into your view components and the code to register the actors the factory creates.
Extra advantages
There are other benefits with this approach, apart from the ones mentioned above.
Unit testing doesn't have to rely on mocking required modules. It's trivial to provide mocks to stores and views as you pass a mock factory into them during testing.
The factory can pass state in the form of cursors into stores when it creates them. This is useful for deserialized components.
It makes server side rendering simpler, as you create classes per request. Using a singleton would result in shared state for each request until the server is restarted.
For framework creators this approach could allow the consumers of the framework components to provide their own versions of the actors. This would require a way for consumers to hook into the actor registration phase.
Right tool for the job
There is clearly an overhead to building components in this fashion. So it's important to point out that this isn't meant to be the one true way to build all components.
For simple to medium complexity components pure React might suffice. Components where data flows downward and there is low need for upward communication between components.
With medium to high complexity components you should start using Flux. This is where events need to be passed back up the component hierarchy or there is a lot of computed state.
The chosen approach should be as simple as required and no simpler, sometimes it turns out that singletons are just too simple.
When Bill Lazor came to the Dolphins with a reputation as something of a quarterback whisperer everyone knew change was coming for Ryan Tannehill. But the degree of the fundamental nature of that change is starting to become clear.
Lazor tweaked Tannehill's footwork. That is supposed to improve accuracy.
"We just taught him how we want it to be. We explained it to him," Lazor said. "We gave him some drills on how to get it. And he worked his butt off, he's working his butt off to get it right.
"There were just certain fundamentals as with any position that we feel is the best way to do it. That's the way we're leading them. No one's perfect. PGA golfers have swing coaches and they're making money and are not done yet. It's just a matter of coaching. We're coaches. We have a great love for what we do and the fundamentals of the game and to try to make guys the best they can be. That's what we're doing with Ryan. For his part and all the quarterbacks here, they're buying in and working hard."
Well, Tannehill was 6 of 6 and led the Dolphins on a touchdown drive in the preseason opener Friday against Atlanta. So has he arrived?
"There is no 'I got it,' '" Lazor said. "Never.
""I thought he had 10 good plays. I thought he showed command. I thought he was very decisive on the field. The ball came out of his hand on time with all of them. He has a really good grasp of what we're doing. My job is to push him. I've got to make it very hard for him out here on the practice field. I heard a rumor that some people reported we've made it hard to him on the field. That's on purpose. That's how you build a quarterback and he's coming."
----------
The Dolphinzs returned to the practice field Sunday for a relatively light two hour practice. There were no 11 on 11 drills.
Cornerback Cortland Finegan was not present after posting on Instagram of a death in his family. Defensive tackle A.J. Fancis did not practice because he has a left knee injury and will miss multiple days.
----------
Running backs are dropping like flys for the Dolphins.
Daniel Thomas (hamstring) and Damien Williams (unreported injury) did not practice Sunday. And halfway through the practice, Mike Gillislee suffered some sort of knee injury. Gillislee stayed on the sideline with his left knee wrapped until the end of the drills.
----------
Jason Fox, who has been working as a backup left tackle, left practice accompanied by trainers.
The depth at left tackle is suspect already. Any significant injury to Fox would likely force the team move Nate Garner back to backup LT.
The Leave campaign is doing well at the moment: taking a lead in the polls and spooking the government no end. But is it getting rather carried away with its success? This morning on the Today programme Priti Patel gave a rather awkward interview about the campaign's spending priorities in the event of a Brexit that made it sound rather as though Brexiteers were one party with a manifesto for domestic policy, rather than a cross-party campaign group pushing for one thing, which is for Britain to leave the European Union.
The Employment Minister told Mishal Husain that ‘we have said that we would spend British taxpayers' money on a range of priorities including the NHS and in particular as well on VAT on fuel so those are the two areas – let me be clear about this – those are the two areas that we have said we would spend money on'.
Some Remain ministers who are growing nervous about the prospect of a Brexit actually happening are also starting to worry about the damage to the Conservative party of having to say that some of these spending pledges are not actually possible when it comes to it. This could be the case whether or not Britain votes to leave the European Union, as voters will have heard Tories making spending promises and will wonder why those promises aren't being fulfilled in any scenario but the danger is of course particularly strong in the event of Brexit.
The policymaking process for Tories campaigning for Out in this referendum is not the same as a manifesto-writing process, and of course the party as a whole isn't being consulted on these pledges, which are also being made by the Labourites on the Leave side as well as the Tories. So why are the Leave MPs even making them, and why was Patel even entertaining these questions this morning? She did tell the programme that ‘it is governments who make decisions on spending', but continued to stick to the spending pledges throughout the interview when she could quite easily have said that Brexit would give any government control over a lot more money to spend as it pleases. The spending priorities that the minister named this morning might be attractive retail offers for voters now, but they could cause great trouble for her party in the coming years.
Metroid II: Return of Samus[a] is an action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy. The first Metroid game for a handheld game console, it was released in North America in November 1991 and in Japan and Europe in 1992. The story follows bounty hunter Samus Aran on her mission to exterminate the Metroid creatures from their home planet before the Space Pirates can obtain them. Players must find and destroy the Metroids to progress through the planet's tunnels.
The developer of the original Metroid for the Nintendo Entertainment System – Nintendo Research & Development 1 (Nintendo R&D1) – and producer Gunpei Yokoi returned to develop Metroid II. Samus's round-shouldered Varia Suit, created to differentiate it from her standard suit on the Game Boy's black-and-white palette, became a staple of the series.
Metroid II received mainly positive reviews. Critics praised its story and settings, but criticized its graphics and audio. By late 2003, the game had sold 1.72 million copies worldwide. A sequel, Super Metroid, was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994. Metroid II was released on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console in 2011. After halting development of a fan remake, AM2R, Nintendo released an official remake, Metroid: Samus Returns, on the Nintendo 3DS in 2017.
Gameplay [ edit ]
Samus enters the caverns of the planet SR388. The figures on the bottom of the screen indicate her energy , stock of missiles, and remaining number of Metroids she must eliminate.
Metroid II is an action-adventure game[3] in which the player controls the protagonist Samus Aran on the fictional planet SR388. In this side-scroller, players advance through the game by using Samus' weapons to kill a fixed number of Metroid creatures.[4][5] The player is given a detector that displays the number of Metroids remaining in the area.[6] Once all the creatures are eliminated, an earthquake occurs and the planet's lava levels decrease, allowing Samus to travel deeper through its tunnels.[4][5][7] The Metroid creatures are encountered in different evolution stages of their development cycle: original, Alpha, Gamma, Zeta and Omega. The more developed the organism is, the stronger its attack.[5][7] Metroid II features save modules located around the planet, which allow players to save their progress and continue in another session.[5][7][8]
The game features two weapons new to the Metroid series: the tri-splitting Spazer Laser Beam, and the Plasma Beam, which passes through enemies when shot. Samus can only equip one beam at a time; however, she can switch between them by returning to where they are first found. Metroid II features the Space Jump, a new suit enhancement that allows Samus to jump infinitely and access otherwise unreachable areas. The game also sees the return of Samus' Morph Ball, a mode in which she curls up into a ball to travel through small tunnels. In addition, the game is the first in the series to feature the Spider Ball and Spring Ball. The Spider Ball allows Samus to climb most walls or ceilings, giving her freedom to explore both the surfaces and ceilings of caverns, and the Spring Ball gives Samus the ability to jump while curled up into a ball in the Morph Ball form.[7][9]
Plot [ edit ]
In the events of the first Metroid, bounty hunter Samus Aran foiled the Space Pirates' plans to use the newly discovered lifeform known as Metroids. Some time later, the Galactic Federation, concerned by the events that transpired, resolved to ensure that the Metroids' power could never again be used by the Pirates, and sent several teams to the Metroid's home planet SR388 to destroy the species once and for all. However, when each of the teams disappear, the Galactic Federation contracts Samus to finish the mission.[10]
While exploring the planet, Samus encounters Metroids and destroys them, slowly decreasing the planet's Metroid population. During her mission, she notices the mutations that each creature exhibits: the Metroids grow from small jellyfish-like creatures into large, hovering, lizard-like beasts. After destroying most of the planet's Metroids, Samus encounters and battles the Queen Metroid. Killing it, Samus proceeds to return to her gunship through the planet's tunnels.[11]
Along the way, she finds a Metroid egg that hatches in front of her. A Metroid hatchling floats out of the broken shell and imprints onto Samus, thinking that she is its mother. Unable to commit to her mission of extermination, Samus spares its life. She exits the tunnels while the Metroid helps clear the way. Reaching the planet's surface, Samus and the infant Metroid board the gunship together, setting the plot for Super Metroid.[11]
Development [ edit ]
Metroid II due to the [7] The appearance of Samus's suit was developed indue to the Game Boy 's greyscale display.
Metroid II was developed by Nintendo Research & Development 1 (Nintendo R&D1),[12] and produced by Gunpei Yokoi; they both also worked on the previous Metroid game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.[7] It was directed by Hiroji Kiyotake and Hiroyuki Kimura, and designed by Makoto Kano, while Takahiro Harada serving as the main programmer.[13] Metroid II marked a "new high point" for handheld game consoles, with graphics that were almost as good as the 8-bit graphics in games for the NES.[14] The game features enhancements from its predecessor that include easier controls which allow Samus to crouch while firing at the same time, and jump while shooting straight down to attack anything below her.[7] The game also utilizes the cartridge's battery-backed memory for saving the player's progress.[7][14] In the 2004 interview for the Nintendo Dream magazine, Kiyotake revealed that the planet SR388 was named after the Yamaha SR400 motorcycle.[15]
The Game Boy's black-and-white graphics resulted in changes to Samus's gear that eventually became permanent. In the original Metroid, color was used to differentiate between Samus's Power Suit and her Varia Suit—an upgraded version. However, without color on the Game Boy, the two suits would have appeared similar, requiring the developers to develop a visual indicator for players to determine which suit Samus is wearing. They also updated her Varia Suit, adding round metal shoulders that have been a part of the suit in every game in the series since then.[7][12][16] Nintendo R&D1 was also involved in developing the Game Boy Color, a successor to the original Game Boy with a color screen. Nintendo of America's Dan Owsen noted that Nintendo R&D1 included a special "Metroid palette" in the Game Boy Color's hardware, which "makes Metroid II look really, really nice on Game Boy Color", remarking that this made the game's graphics comparable to the original Metroid on the Nintendo Entertainment System.[17]
Release [ edit ]
Metroid II was released in North America in November 1991.[1][2] This was followed by the release in Japan on January 21, 1992,[18][19][20] and in Europe on May 21, 1992.[18] It has shipped 1.72 million copies worldwide by late 2003.[21] Nintendo included the game in its Player's Choice marketing label in North America in 1993.[18] It was re-released through the Nintendo Power service in Japan on March 1, 2000.[20] On August 17, 2011, Nintendo announced that Metroid II, along with other Game Boy games such as Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins, Mega Man: Dr. Wily's Revenge, and several others would be released on the Nintendo 3DS's Virtual Console service at the end of the year.[22] It was released in Japan on September 28, 2011,[20][23] and in North America and Europe on November 24.[24][25]
Remakes [ edit ]
AM2R, was released in 2016. An unofficial remake,, was released in 2016.
An unofficial remake of Metroid II, AM2R, short for Another Metroid 2 Remake,[26] was developed by Milton Guasti, under the pseudonym DoctorM64.[27] AM2R updates the game's appearance by drawing upon the visual designs of Super Metroid,[26] and features gameplay modeled after Metroid: Zero Mission. It also includes elements such as a map system, minibosses, stackable beams, and a log system with non-intrusive narrative. After years of development, AM2R was released in August 2016 for Windows, coinciding with the thirtieth anniversary of the Metroid series.[28][29] Shortly after the game's release, the download links on AM2R's official website were removed after Nintendo sent DMCA notices to websites hosting it,[30][31] although Guasti said that he still planned to continue working on the game privately.[32] In September 2016, Guasti announced that the game's development has ended after he received a DMCA takedown request from Nintendo. Several journalists have enjoyed AM2R, frequently calling it impressive and commenting on the improved visuals compared to those of Metroid II.[26][34]
An official remake of Metroid II, Metroid: Samus Returns, was revealed by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS at E3 2017. The game features 2.5D graphics, along with several gameplay improvements, such as being able to aim in any direction and new abilities. It was developed by MercurySteam, and was released on September 15, 2017.[35][36]
Reception [ edit ]
Although considered by a few critics to be the weakest game in the franchise and not as well received as the Nintendo Entertainment System counterpart,[7] Metroid II still received generally favorable reviews.[3] Upon the game's release, Japanese gaming magazine Famitsu gave it a 25 out of 40 score.[20] Because Metroid II has a single large level instead of multiple small ones, Tim Jones of IGN found the game a "refreshing departure from the norm", which made him feel claustrophobic the further into the game he ventured. He praised Metroid II's replay value, considering its non-linearity as the primary reason for this.[38] In their retrospective video on the Metroid series, GameTrailers believed that the game still maintained the high standards set by its predecessor and noted that it also introduced new methods of exploration to the series that have become staples.[7]
Marcel Van Duyn of Nintendo Life writes that Metroid II "expands on the original title quite nicely", and noted that the difficulty was improved over the original Metroid because of the inclusion of "hot spots" that restores health and missiles.[5] On the other hand, Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com was particularly critical of Metroid II, finding the game painful to play and describing it as "something of a dark spot on a brilliant series' reputation." However, Parish found the game's premise "ambitious", adding that it provided the series a vital crux, as Samus' actions in Metroid II set the plot for Super Metroid and Metroid Fusion.[37] GameTrailers similarly commented that it told one of the most pivotal chapters in the series' overall plot.[7]
Van Duyn praised Metroid II's visual detail, writing that the foregrounds and the enemies are detailed so players can identify them easily.[5] Jones considered the graphics average, and noted that the walls appeared mostly the same, which confuses players when wandering through identical tunnels.[38] Parish complained that aside from Samus, the visuals for the environment are "bland and repetitive, full of monotonous rocks and sand with few details to differentiate the various areas, and the enemies are mostly simple and boxy." Parish also found the music "downright painful", which he contrasted with the "moody, atmospheric compositions" the series was known for.[37] Van Duyn similarly commented that the music is the only negative point in the game, and said that the ambient sounds tend to get annoying after hearing them frequently.[5] In contrast, Jones highlighted the music positively, stating that "the lack of aesthetic detail boosts the game's distinctive atmosphere no end, the music playing at just the right times." Jones was also pleased with its sound effects.[38]
In the September 1997, Nintendo Power 12 staff members voted in a list for the top 100 games of all time.[40] The magazine placed Metroid II at 34th place on their list of 100 games of all time.[41] In their Top 200 Games list, Nintendo Power also ranked the game as the 85th best game on a Nintendo console,[42] and Videogames.com included it in their list of the best Game Boy games.[43] Nintendo Power listed it as the 12th-best Game Boy/Game Boy Color video game, praising it for introducing several staple abilities to the series.[44] Game Informer's Ben Reeves called it the ninth best Game Boy game and noted that it was polarizing among fans.[45]
Sequel [ edit ]
Super Metroid, the third installment of the Metroid series, was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994. The game's story takes place after the events of Metroid II, and follows Samus as she travels to planet Zebes in an attempt to retrieve an infant Metroid stolen by Ridley.[46] Long-time Metroid director Yoshio Sakamoto remarked at the 2010 Game Developers Conference that he was "very moved" by the ending in Metroid II, which influenced him on creating Super Metroid.[47]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Metroid II: Return of Samus ( メトロイドII RETURN OF SAMUS , Metoroido Tsū Ritān Obu Samusu)
Competitors ski past a Canadian flag during the freestyle cross-country ski event at the Gatineau Loppet, in 2015 in Gatineau, Quebec. (Photo11: Justin Tang, The Canadian Press, AP)
The Canadian parliament is close to adopting a bill that would change the national anthem – O Canada – to make it gender-neutral.
The bill, affecting only the English-language lyrics, would change “in all thy sons command” to “in all of us command.”
The initiative, strongly backed by the new Liberal government, overwhelmingly passed two readings this week in the House of Commons, was sent to a heritage committee then went back to the Commons for a third reading. If it passes, as expected, it would then go to the Senate and could be adopted officially this summer, or, more likely, in the fall.
After passing the second reading this week by a wide margin, 219-79, MPs on both sides of the House burst into an impromptu singing of O Canada.
“We are in 2016. The Canadian population will understand why we want to make the change," said New Democrat MP Christine Moore during the debate, MRC-TV reports. "It is not a big change, and there will not be a big difference in the national anthem, but the difference is significant for women all across Canada.”
One reason the move is being fast-tracked is that it is viewed as a legacy project for Liberal MP Mauril Bélanger, whose health is rapidly deteriorating from ALS, according to the Ottaway Citizen. The longtime member from Ottawa-Vanier can no longer speak and must rely on a voice generator.
O Canada has gone through several changes over the year since the music and original French lyrics were written in 1880. At some points, there were competing unofficial anthems between the French and the English citizens, with the latter opting for God Save the Queen.
An English version of O Canada was penned in 1906. The current English lyrics, by a Canadian poet and judge, Robert Stanley Weir, were written in 1906 and have been revised twice, most recently in 1980, when it was officially adopted as the national anthem.
If adopted, one line in the new version would revert almost to what it was before 1914 when it read, "Our home, our native land, True patriot love thou dost in us command.” The line was changed in 1914 to "in all they sons command" in an apparent effort, according to one account, to stoke First World War patriotic fervor for the boys heading overseas, according to The Globe and Mail.
Not every MP is on board with the proposed change. One attempt to revise the lyrics was rejected in 2010 by Conservatives even though it was proposed by Conservative PM Stephen Harper.
“It is tragic that this is being done in a fashion where Canadians are being shut out. Their national anthem is being changed. They have been singing it for decades, millions of Canadians. It belongs to them, it is not a plaything of us,” Peter Van Loan, a Conservative MP, said in committee Thursday, the National Post reports.
“We are telling Canadians, ‘Guess what, you don't have a say in your national anthem," Van Loan said. "It belongs to us as politicians ... for us to deliver our worldview to you and impose it upon you.'”
Follow Doug Stanglin on Twitter @dstanglin
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sWzolW
Warren Entsch will seek resolution to leadership drama surrounding Tony Abbott; Dennis Jensen withdraws support for PM
Updated
Prime Minister Tony Abbott's woes are worsening, with three Coalition MPs saying they back the idea of a spill of the leadership.
Queensland backbencher Warren Entsch said he would seek a resolution to the issue at the next partyroom meeting, which takes place next week before Parliament resumes.
Another Coalition backbencher, Dennis Jensen, has also called for change, saying he told Mr Abbott he no longer supported his leadership.
However, other colleagues on both the backbench and in Cabinet have backed Mr Abbott and called for party unity.
One Coalition MP described the comments by Dr Jensen and Mr Entsch as "the height of indulgence by complete morons" and that "no-one wants it [a spill] apart from the crazies".
But the statements by Mr Entsch and Dr Jensen show momentum is building for a possible move against Mr Abbott, who has been battling increasing speculation that his leadership is terminal.
Dr Jensen, who helped initiate the 2009 spill against Malcolm Turnbull, said Mr Abbott had been aware of his position for more than a week.
"I texted him, and this was prior to the Prince Philip [knighthood] debacle, I texted him and told him that he no longer enjoyed my support," he told the ABC.
Dr Jensen said he did not want to be seen as a "hitman" but said the Prime Minister should be replaced as soon as possible because the Coalition was "not governing as we should be".
"There is no strategic direction, the policy is not consistent and coherent," Dr Jensen said.
He said Mr Abbott was an "outstanding" opposition leader and "probably the best that Australia's ever had, but he hasn't made the transition to prime minister".
"He is not focused on policy. He is not focused on strategic direction. He is focused more on tactics and tactical policy," Dr Jensen said.
Brough does not give Abbott unequivocal support
Liberal backbencher Mal Brough, who reports suggested could have been a leadership circuit-breaker, said he "has no intention of challenging the Prime Minister".
He did not, however, offer Mr Abbott his unequivocal support.
"I listened to the [National Press Club] speech yesterday ... there were a couple of things at least that weren't covered and for that reason... he does not have that unequivocal support. It's a critical support," he said.
"Critical of some of the things that we are doing wrong and I'm doing that on behalf of the public, and one of them is this [GP] co-payment," adding he also objected to changes in pay for Defence Force personnel.
Mr Brough said he agreed the speculation needed to be resolved at next week's partyroom meeting.
"Look it's a reasonable thing for them to do, it's a reasonable thing for them to ask. The matter needs to be resolved," he said.
But Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said there had been unanimous support for Mr Abbott in Cabinet.
"I think that's a strong message, not only to the backbench but to the public as well and I think it's very important to point out that there is, I think, a general mood among backbenchers that people don't want to go back to the chaotic period that presided when Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard and then Kevin Rudd again occupied the office of PM," he told the ABC's 7.30 program.
"I think at the moment if people are going out to sabotage this PM, then it really has all of the hallmarks of the worst period presided over by Julia Gillard and Kevin Rudd and I don't think that's in our best interests.
"I don't think it's in the country's best interest and I think frankly at the moment the PM should be given the opportunity to demonstrate what he enunciated in his speech at the Press Club, that he has a very strong plan for the country."
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison said he backed the Prime Minister and ruled out putting his name forward should a spill eventuate.
"I don't play fantasy football, I'm not a contender in any way, shape or form under any circumstance," he said.
Clear other people support call for Abbott to go, says Jensen
Dr Jensen said he did not know how many other Liberal MPs would support his call for Mr Abbott to go, but said "it's clear that there are people that are supportive of that though".
He said he had not decided who he would back to take over but indicated to the ABC he might support Foreign Minister Julie Bishop.
Dr Jensen said he disagreed with the statement the Prime Minister made at the National Press Club on Monday that it should be the people, not the Coalition party room, who "hire and ... fire" prime ministers.
"The constitution's quite clear that the people do not elect the prime minister," Dr Jensen said.
"We don't have a presidential system.
"The constitution says that where a group can be formed in whatever way they form it, that can have control and carriage of the House of Representatives, can form government and the leader is selected from there.
"It's not that the people choose the prime minister."
Dr Jensen said he intended to have discussions with Ms Bishop, Mr Morrison and Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull about his views on the leadership.
He said he was aware his comments would fuel further controversy but said he had always "been prepared to do whatever is necessary to change things for what I view to be, in absolutely, in the national interest".
He said many constituents had told him "Tony Abbott has to go".
"That is universal, that's my party members, that is my constituents. I'm getting people that are normally absolutely rusted on, they have voted Liberal all their lives, and they are saying they will vote informal next time," he said.
"They can't bring themselves to vote Labor or anything else but they'll vote informal."
Topics: abbott-tony, liberals, government-and-politics, political-parties, federal-government, australia, wa
First posted
Just recently I visited Havana and walked around Vedado. I saw so many tourists enjoying themselves taking a tour around the city in vintage cars, that I decided to spend some minutes photo shooting those moments; some minutes became more than one hour of capturing people doing such an amazing tour.
I took the pictures in a few locations in Vedado but these cars are rolling all around Havana carrying visitors. Trust me, there is no better way to get an initial grasp of Havana than taking this kind of tour: you land in the airport, get transfered to your hotel or casa, go out inmediately and find a vintage car to hire… probably one like these:
How about that? Would you dare to feel an old engine running under your seat as you are welcome in Havana? Can you picture yourself hiring the blue, the pink, the purple or the orange?
Dear Colleagues:
Do you want to be an effective animal rights advocate? It's easy. Here are three simple steps:
First, go vegan.
If you regard animals as members of the moral community—if you reject the notion of animals as things—you really have no choice but to stop eating, wearing, and using animals or animal products.
You cannot reject animal slavery as long as you are a direct participant in animal slavery through your use of nonhumans as human resources.
Becoming vegan is the single most important thing you can do to help animals and to express your support for justice for nonhumans. Becoming vegan is applying the principle of abolition to your own life. Becoming vegan is saying “no” to animal exploitation.
It's not a matter of compassion alone; it's a matter of fundamental justice. Compassion may move us emotionally but veganism is the least that we owe to animals as a simple matter of moral obligation.
Despite that large animal welfare groups blather on endlessly about how difficult it is to be a vegan, that is simply wrong. Going vegan is easy; it is better for your health and for the planet. And, most important, it's better for your spirit because it's the morally right thing to do.
Second, do creative, nonviolent vegan education.
Try to talk to at least one other person each day about veganism. You'll find that it's easier than you think and that people are receptive.
Don't fall into the welfarist trap of promoting vegetarianism. There is no difference between flesh and other animal products. Animals used for dairy are usually kept alive longer, treated as badly, if not worse, than “meat” animals, and they all end up in the same slaughterhouse anyway. Don't promote “happy” cage-free eggs or “happy” meat or “happy” dairy. All of that involves animal exploitation. Don't let anyone tell you that the public is too stupid or too uncaring to take veganism seriously. That's elitist propaganda that allows large animal welfare groups to sell indulgences to the public by making people feel better about animal exploitation.
We can recognize that people will “get there at their own pace” but we should not ever concede that the “there” is anything less than veganism. Those who are not ready to go vegan will take whatever interim step they choose but at least the message that veganism is the moral baseline should be crystal clear.
Third, adopt a homeless animal.
There are millions of animals who need homes. We have an obligation to care for these animals. So offer a home to whomever you can: dog, cat, fish, gerbil, turtle—or a cow or goat or chicken—anyone.
Adoption is the best way to add love to your life at the same time you do the right thing by animals.
There you go. Animal rights advocacy in three easy steps. No big groups, no naked women sitting in cages, no merchandising of morality or selling of moral passes needed or wanted.
The World is Vegan! If you want it.
Gary L. Francione
©2010 Gary L. Francione
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shola Ameobi believes Newcastle United have enough “quality” to avoid the drop - and he has warned it is “essential” for the city that the club remains in the Premier League.
The 34-year-old, who is now playing for League One Fleetwood Town, experienced the bitter pain of relegation with his hometown club back in 2008-09.
However, former Nigeria international forward Ameobi also helped United return to the top flight at the first time of asking, but he does not think Newcastle can afford to drop out of the Premier League this season.
Despite that, United are third-bottom of the table with just a dozen games remaining.
The quality is there within the squad to stay up, insists Ameobi, it's just about finding “consistency”.
Asked by The Chronicle if he was confident Newcastle would retain their top-flight status, Ameobi replied: “Yeah, I have to be because I am a fan first and foremost - I am desperate for them to stay up.
“The club, the fans and the city as a whole need Newcastle to be a Premier League side; it is essential. Every time I watch them, you can see there's quality there.
“But it's all about the consistency and being together as a team. Not conceding goals too, which we all know has been a serious issue.
“We've always had that at Newcastle and it's all about what we do as a team offensively because we're likely to concede goals, and I think if they can get that sorted they can get out of it.”
poll loading Will Newcastle United stay up this season? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
Steve McClaren has tasted just six Premier League victories since taking over as Newcastle boss last summer, and Ameobi insists it was always going to be a “very difficult job” at St James' Park.
Changing the team's playing style and introducing a raft of new players into the squad is a difficult task, but Ameobi has backed McClaren to keep United up.
He added: “I know Steve McClaren has a very difficult job there, and he was always going to have coming in and having to embed loads of new players into the squad.
“He also wants to get his own style of play installed, which is totally different to the predecessor.
“It was always going to be difficult but I do believe we have enough to stay in the league, absolutely.”
Not That it Helps, But:
I'm really not supposed to be commenting on the situation, which I think is great advice, because anything I say will extend the story's life and cause more fans discomfort. But as a guy who blogs or tweets every time he wipes his butt, hugs his cat or hurts his girlfriend, it's conspicuously weird of me to say nothing at all about the giant fart with my name on it that you've been inhaling. It feels dishonest not to acknowledge it, it feels rude to the caring fans of the show, people who are tweeting me their concerns that I've jeopardized something they fight to protect, those are the sentiments that are [rightfully] the most painful because every choice I make, I try to make for the good of the show, and the show is not an expression of my ego or entitlement, it's an expression of my desire to make strangers happy. When that's not happening, when I've done something that hurts an audience, it's always an accident. So I have to just acknowledge my mistake and apologize for it to the fans. Even the people that hate the show that are tweeting heckles at me are right, I'm a selfish baby and a rude asshole and not a person to trust with your feelings.
But the people that I really want to apologize to are the fans of the show. If you want to know what's on my mind that I consider worth the attention of five million people, that's the place to look, Thursdays at 8 on TV. Those are the stories and the jokes and observations about life and personal confessions that I intend for that large a venue. There is also a monthly show I do in the back of a comic book store in Los Angeles in which I say things that I intend for 150 people to hear. I tell stories about what an unlovable asshole I am and the trouble it causes for me. I rant and rave about the world's failure to meet my standards, I talk about being drunk and stupid and heartbroken and childish and crazy and self-obsessed and self loathing and how much I love myself for it. The people that show up are paying ten dollars to listen to it, if you can believe that, and they made the drive out and put that cash on the barrel because they love or hate me but are fascinated by how much I fascinate myself - or their boyfriend made them go.
It was in that venue, months ago, that I made the horrible, childish, self-obsessed, unaware, naive and unprofessional decision to play someone's voicemail to me. He didn't intend for 150 people to listen and giggle at it, and I didn't intend for millions of people to read angry reports about it. I was doing what I always do, and always get in trouble for doing, and always pay a steep price for doing. I was thinking about myself and I was thinking about making people laugh. I was airing my dirty laundry for a chuckle. I ask people at those shows repeatedly to please think twice about youtubing clips of it because it doesn't play well outside the back of a comic book store. I always accept the risk that a well-intending fan will upload clips and something scandalous will break wide, but the giant mistake I made was involving someone else in that game of russian roulette, someone that didn't have an opportunity to say “yeah, hilarious, let's do this.” That was a dumb, unclassy, inconsiderate move on my part. I'm very sorry it's reflecting poorly on the show.
It's important to me that you not mistake this for someone thinking they're making it better, or explaining that they're actually a swell person. I'm explaining that you're right, I'm a bonehead, and it sucks, it blows up in my face on a regular basis. I put an unhealthy amount of stock in the opinions of strangers, that's exactly what makes me do stupid things, and, poetically, that's what makes the punishment so effective. Thirty people a day calling me an asshole makes me know and feel, in my heart, that I am an asshole. I'm a real “customer is always right” kind of guy in that regard.
So, when you see me not talking about this, it's not because I'm trying to get away with something, it's because the more I say, the worse it gets. This is a topic that is driving ad sale revenue for a week but causing my favorite people in the world - Community fans - distress. So my desire, like yours, is to wait for it to pass. And don't worry about the show. I agree with you that the show is what's important. It's why I get mad when I get mad. It's why I'm happy when I'm happy. I will always do everything I can to make sure we get our six seasons and a move. I'm just really sorry that I'm so damn bad at that job in so many specific ways, and I promise you that every time I screw up at it, I try to get better.
Now I've got finish editing episode 319, and get politely scolded for commenting on the situation. If you're reading this and you work in PR, I know, I know, I'm sorry and I'm not going to say any more.
And when have I ever let you guys down, right?
Ashley River Bridges — Charleston, South Carolina
The historic Ashley River Bridges cross the Ashley River in Charleston. The first bridge, pictured on the left, opened in 1926 and is dedicated to the South Carolina soldiers who died during World War I. It is known as the Ashley River Memorial Bridge and is one of four remaining drawbridges in our state.
Justin Mackie of Charleston, 2018 © Do Not Use Without Written Consent
The one-way span connects Spring Street in downtown Charleston to both Savannah Highway and Saint Andrews Boulevard in West Ashley. It is 1,733 feet long and 34.1 feet wide, and its largest span stretches 158.1 feet.
The second bridge, on the right, is also a drawbridge and was added in 1961 to accommodate the growing traffic between the Charleston peninsula and West Ashley. It is part of Savannah Highway (US 17). The bascule bridge stretches 1633.9 feet in full, with its largest span extending 160.1 feet. The deck is 40 feet wide.
Daniela Duncan of Charleston, 2012 © Do Not Use Without Written Consent
This span is formally known as the T. Allen Legare Bridge, named in honor of Thomas Allen Legare, Jr., who died in 2010. A lawyer by profession, Legare served in South Carolina's statehouse from 1947 to 1948 and from 1951 to 1953. He then served in the South Carolina state senate from 1953 to 1966.
Curtis Cabana of Summerville, 2013 © Do Not Use Without Written Consent
Both Ashley River Bridges stand near the mouth of the Ashley River where it joins with the Cooper River to form the Charleston Harbor. The Ashley River, and the Cooper River for that matter, are named after Anthony Ashley Cooper, the Earl of Shaftesbury, who was one of Carolina's eight Lords Proprietors and owned a barony of 12,000 acres upon the Ashley River's shores.
The river begins in western Berkeley County near Wassamassaw and passes many historic plantations along the way, including Drayton Hall, Magnolia Gardens, and Middleton Place. Cash crops grown on these plantations were primarily indigo, cotton, and rice, with rice being the most popular due to the river's tides and brackish water. Two other well-known historic landmarks that stand on the banks of the Ashley are Jenkins Orphanage in North Charleston and Colonial Dorchester State Historic Site in Summerville.
J. Bicking © Do Not Use Without Written Consent
Historical Photos of the Ashley River Bridge
Postcard View, Distributed by F. J. Martschink Co., Charleston, Early 1900s
Postcard View, Published by Paul E. Trouche, Charleston, 1944
Moveable Bridges in South Carolina
UPDATE: Since this list was created, the Wando River Swing Bridge between Charleston and Berkeley counties has been replaced by a fixed-span bridge. These are the only moveable bridges left in our state:
The followers and families of India's wealthiest guru, His Holiness Shri Ashutosh Maharaj, are fighting each other over whether he is dead—or just in a deep state of meditation. According to his wife and son, his property estate is worth $167 million. However, his disciples refuse to let them cremate him because they believe he went into a deep Samadhi, or meditation, and have frozen his body to preserve it for when he wakes up. While the guru is believed to have died from a heart attack, a Punjab high court dismissed the matter, saying it was a spiritual matter and that the followers cannot be forced to believe he's dead. As a result, the wife and son have filed a case in court asking for a ruling on the death and for his body to be released for cremation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Mexican tourist board has invented a cloud which rains tequila in a bid to pull in crowds of tourist from Europe.
The tequila-loving nation has roped in the help of an American marketing company to create the cloud and are now hoping tourists flood to the country.
They took the cloud to an art gallery in Berlin, Germany, to show it to the locals this week.
The alcohol-emitting cloud is programmed to dispense Tequilla when it is raining outside in a bid to tempt to Germans to sunnier climes.
(Image: Visitmex/Youtube)
(Image: Visitmex/Youtube)
The hi-tech system uses ultrasonic humidifiers, which vibrate tequila at a frequency that transforms it into a visible mist.
The mist then goes into a plastic container where it mixes with vapour to form a cloud, which periodically produces alcoholic rain. Visitors may collect tequila from beneath the cloud.
(Image: Visitmex/Youtube)
(Image: Visitmex/Youtube)
Germany is the second largest importer of Mexican tequila behind the USA, quickly followed by Spain, France and the UK.
Video footage it shows how they used ultra-sonic humidifiers to make the clouds before unleashing it on thirsty punters.
The majority of Boston-area residents believe the accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be spared the death penalty and sentenced to life in prison if he is convicted, according to a new poll.
In a telephone survey of 504 registered Boston-area voters, 49 percent of respondents said Mr. Tsarnaev should be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. Thirty-eight percent of respondents said he should receive the death penalty. The survey was conducted by The MassINC Polling Group for radio station WBUR from March 16 to 18, during the second week of the trial.
The poll is one of the first to come out during the trial, and is consistent with previous polls conducted before the trial. A Boston Globe poll from September 2013 found that one-third of city residents supported the death penalty in the case, while more than half of the respondents said they would prefer a sentence of life without parole.
Of the 504 surveyed voters, 229 came from the City of Boston itself. Those respondents favored life in prison over the death sentence to an even stronger degree with 62 percent saying Tsarnaev should be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, and 27 percent saying he should receive the death penalty.
Massachusetts has no state death penalty and a long history of opposition to capital punishment – no prisoner has been put to death in the state for more than 60 years – and that cultural sentiment appears to be persisting despite the often graphic and emotional testimony that has come out in the early weeks of the trial.
"Generally speaking, you'd expect the city of Boston to be anti-death penalty, but [the bombings] took place in Boston and everybody in Boston was affected in some way,” said Steve Koczela of The MassINC Polling Group, in an interview with WBUR. “To see such a strong preference in Boston for life in prison was not necessarily guaranteed or expected."
Siri Kyle Dupont-Hurley, 25 and a poll respondent from Dorchester, told WBUR that she doesn't "support taking lives for the sake of taking lives."
“I also think it's a much more fitting punishment for someone who did the things that he did to live out his final days in prison," she added.
But not all respondents agreed. Poll respondent Don Portalla, 52, of East Boston said he thinks the death penalty also serves as an important deterrent.
“If you don't have the death penalty [in this case], I think it's a huge mistake,” Mr. Portalla told WBUR. “We can't have people acting like this.”
Across various demographics, men were more in favor of the death penalty, while women, young people, and minority respondents favored life in prison. According to Mr. Koczela, these breakdowns were in line with the region's political views on the death penalty.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"The groups that tend to lean more Democrat also tend to be more opposed to the death penalty," he told WBUR.
The WBUR poll also revealed that most people in the Boston region are following the trial "somewhat closely," and have been more interested in other recent news events like the MBTA shutdown, the Boston 2024 Olympics bid, and the NFL concussion issue. Twenty-three percent of respondents said they were following the Tsarnaev trial "very closely," 17 percent said “not too closely” and 7 percent said “not at all.”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who suddenly has become relevant again thanks to a few "deals" with President Trump, tried claiming that the immigration agreement reached with Trump isn't amnesty because it contains "earned citizenship" — which, of course, is Democrat-speak for amnesty.
During a recent press conference, a reporter pointed out to Pelosi that Trump stated that the deal didn't involve citizenship or amnesty.
"We're not looking at amnesty, we were never looking at amnesty," Pelosi replied.
But then the reporter brought up the prospect of citizenship, and Pelosi responded that citizenship is "in the bill."
The reporter then brought up Trump's tweets saying otherwise, which Pelosi simply dismissed.
"I'm not here to respond to tweets," Pelosi said. "You asked me about the meeting, I'm telling you about the meeting."
Pelosi proceeded to ramble on about how other illegal immigrants needed to be on an "earned path to citizenship."
"It's about who we are as a country," Pelosi declared. "We're not having two different kinds of people live here. It's not even second-class citizenship because it isn't citizenship. It's about anyone in the country having to earn the path to citizenship, and that's what the bill does. It's an earned path to citizenship."
Pelosi is obviously trying to worm her way out of calling it amnesty since the word has become a poison pill. Here's the problem with this line of thinking: so-called "earned citizenship" was also part of the 1986 immigration bill signed by then-President Reagan, and all that happened was blanket amnesty (H/T Heritage Foundation):
Immigrants had to satisfy various requirements along the way. They had to pay application fees, learn to speak English, understand American civics, pass a medical exam and register for military selective service. Those with convictions for a felony or three misdemeanors were ineligible. Sound familiar? It's pretty much the same "penalties and hurdles" set forth by the Gang of Eight. Today they call it a "roadmap to citizenship." Ronald Reagan called it "amnesty." The '86 reform bills also had supposedly "rigorous" border security and immigration law enforcement provisions. So how did that pan out? On the day Reagan signed "comprehensive" reform into law, only one thing changed: Millions of unlawful immigrants gained "legal" status. The promised crackdowns on security and enforcement never happened. Only amnesty prevailed.
So despite Pelosi's spin, it's amnesty, and Trump going through with it would be a major betrayal of what he campaigned on.
The full clip of Pelosi can be seen below:
H/T Weasel Zippers
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter.
Iowa and New Hampshire were sorting-hats for both the Democratic and Republican races, prompting a cascade of presidential candidates to drop out and giving us more information on what voters want. But not all voters. The small numbers of black voters in those states, in contrast to the strength of the black vote within the Democratic electorate nationally, leave a lot of unanswered questions about how Hillary Clinton will do against Bernie Sanders in the weeks to come.
On Thursday, the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) PAC, the lobbying and fundraising arm representing black lawmakers on Capitol Hill, endorsed Clinton. It's a politically important moment, but it doesn't answer the question of whether black voters, particularly millennials, will stick with Clinton. After all, both national polls and the New Hampshire results show Sanders fares extremely well with young voters, and polls show Clinton winning most black voters. And the Democratic establishment is almost entirely in Clinton's camp. So is the CBC PAC endorsement an indication that post-New Hampshire, black voters will stay with Clinton or simply that the establishment will stay with Clinton?
We'll get some answers soon: The Democratic caucuses in Nevada, a state that is 9 percent black, take place on Feb. 20. South Carolina's Democratic primary is the following weekend, on Feb. 27. The state is 28 percent black, and black voters are the majority of the state's Democratic electorate.
Black voters face a series of conundrums when voicing policy positions and choosing candidates. For example, a University of Chicago study last year found that the policy preferences and desires of the black community are rarely reflected in national and state laws, with an inverse relationship between black support and a law's chance of passage. (That's true for Latinos and women as well.)
Examining a political candidate requires evaluating his or her policy positions, electability, and ability to get things done once in office. Given the Chicago study, any politician successfully advancing issues of importance to black Americans must measure the potential for legislative backlash. That could argue for black voters choosing candidates who know how to deal with the intricacies of Congressional deal-making, not just in public but behind the scenes. In other words: establishment politics.
What the CBC PAC's endorsement unequivocally does is put the weight of the black political establishment behind Clinton, arguing that she has more sway on issues of black interest than Sanders, including the issues Sanders has highlighted during his campaign. CBC chair Rep. G.K. Butterfield, a North Carolina Democrat, said, “We must have a president who is knowledgeable on both domestic and foreign policy. Black lives are being lost on the streets of America because of police misconduct and gang violence…and so we must have a president that understands the racial divide.”
If the endorsement primary is one of the best ways to measure candidate viability, Clinton is winning hands-down over Sanders, and the CBC PAC endorsement could be seen simply as icing on the cake. One CBC member, Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina, declined to join in the group endorsement, saying that he wanted to hear the opinions of voters in his home state, a political powerhouse in the primaries. In 2008, Barack Obama won the Democratic primary in South Carolina after a pivotal moment in which some black political leaders switched their endorsements from Clinton to Obama.
There's no question that the two Democratic candidates left standing are making a full-on play for black voters concerned with racial and economic equity. After a verbal kerfuffle with Black Lives Matter activists early in his campaign, Sanders has repeated his commitment to improving issues around race and policing, as well as the economy. In his victory speech after the New Hampshire primary, for example, he stated: “[W]hen we talk about transforming America, it means ending the disgrace of this country having more people in jail than any other country in the world, disproportionately African-American, and Latino. Not only are we going to fight to end institutional racism, and a broken criminal justice system, we are going to provide jobs and education for our young people, not jails and incarceration.” Clinton, in her concession speech, offered similar themes, stating: “We also have to break through the barriers of bigotry. African-American parents shouldn't have to worry that their children will be harassed, humiliated, even shot because of the color of their skin.”
Clinton has gotten support from other leading black figures like former New York chapter NAACP chair Hazel Dukes, as well as many local representatives across the country; while Sanders has been supported by MacArthur fellowship winner and best-selling author Ta-Nehisi Coates and former national NAACP chair Benjamin Jealous. Regardless of which leaders weigh in on what black voters want, in the end it will be black voters themselves who make the choice, with the key test of South Carolina right around the corner.
CLARIFICATION (Feb. 11, 9:30 p.m.): A previous version of this article referred incompletely in a few instances to the organization that endorsed Hillary Clinton on Thursday. As the beginning of the article correctly noted, it was the Congressional Black Caucus PAC, not the Congressional Black Caucus itself.
Check out our live coverage of the Republican debate.
Muller snowboarding philosophy states that there's only one trick – and that that is to strap in. But if we're completely honest – we have to say that we like to see something more original than that – at least every once in a while…
Well, luckily for us, every year there are a tonne of innovators out there. Whether it's part of their style or just a result of having fun, riders are creating new tricks and variations all the time. Call it progression, adaptation, creativity, whatever you like – there's no use fighting the fact that the global trick bag looks a lot different now than it did even 10 years ago.
We've broken some of the best creativity we've seen this year down into bite size chunks for you – so you can get some inspiration for yourself. Or just check out the cool shit that's going on out there – take a peek:
Variations of the Flashback trojan have reportedly infected more than half a million Macs around the globe, according to Russian antivirus company Dr. Web. The company made an announcement on Wednesday—first in Russian and later in English—about the growing Mac botnet, first claiming 550,000 infected Macs. Later in the day, however, Dr. Web malware analyst Sorokin Ivan posted to Twitter that the count had gone up to 600,000, with 274 bots even checking in from Cupertino, CA, where Apple's headquarters are located.
We have been covering the Mac Flashback trojan since 2011, but the most recent variant from earlier this week targeted an unpatched Java vulnerability within Mac OS X. That is, it was unpatched (at the time) by Apple—Oracle had released a fix for the vulnerability in February of this year, but Apple didn't send out a fix until earlier this week, after news began to spread about the latest Flashback variant.
According to Dr. Web, the 57 percent of the infected Macs are located in the US and 20 percent are in Canada. Like older versions of the malware, the latest Flashback variant searches an infected Mac for a number of antivirus applications before generating a list of botnet control servers and beginning the process of checking in with them. Now that the fix for the Java vulnerability is out, however, there's no excuse not to update—the malware installs itself after you visit a compromised or malicious webpage, so if you're on the Internet, you're potentially at risk.
If you think one of your machines may be infected, F-Secure has instructions on how to use the Terminal to find out.
Orbit have announced that they have parted ways with their CS:GO teams with immediate effect.
The news comes as a big surprise as the Hungarian team had signed for Orbit just weeks ago, after bringing to an end a two-month association with Portuguese organisation k1ck.
With only a handful of matches to show under Orbit, the players find themselves on the lookout for a new home after failing to reach an agreement with the organisation regarding a long-term deal.
flash & co seek a new organisation
Meanwhile, the team have undergone a roster change, with András "ZEN" Hidvégi stepping aside for Kevin "Barcode" Bana.
"Unfortunately, we had to part ways with Orbit since we could not reach an agreement that would be good for both parties after a one-month tryout," Viktor "flash" Tamás Bea told HLTV.org. "We wish them the best of luck in the future! From now we will play under the name Orgless, and we are on the lookout for a new home. Any organisation interested in contacting us can do so by e-mail to beaviktor@gmail.com. "We have also changed ZEN to Barcode because sadly he did not have enough time to play. We would like to thank him for all the did for the team and wish him the best of luck in the future! "It was a hard decision because he was a perfect fit and also our ingame leader, but we believe Barcode will give us enough firepower to beat anyone and reach our goals."
Orgless currently have the following roster:
LANSING, MI -- Walk into the right area of the Capitol or Romney building and you might find jugs of water. They belong to the governor.
Monday he started a 30-day experience of drinking the water Flint residents drink every day.
"I started yesterday. I went to a home and they were wonderful, they allowed me to fill up a bunch of jugs off the filter in their kitchen," Snyder said Tuesday.
Flint residents are currently drinking filtered or bottled water. The city switched water sources in 2014, and more corrosive water leached lead into the water supply. An unknown number of children were exposed to the toxin.
On Monday, Snyder announced he'd be drinking filtered water from Flint at home and at work for 30 days.
"A lot of this was in response to people were concerned. I mean the message came out, the scientists reinforced the fact that the filtered water is safe to drink and people were still skeptical. And I tried to reinforce that and so they sort of said 'well why don't you do it' so I said, 'I will,'" Snyder said.
Mayor Weaver said she was not impressed by the governor's 30-day promised, and challenged him to move to the city for 30 days to see what it's like.
"Lucky for him, that he can drink filtered water, because we've been dealing with this for two years, and we were drinking it when it wasn't filtered," Weaver said at a press conference Tuesday.
"If the governor really wanted to know what it's like to deal with the situation we're in...he needs to come and stay here for 30 days and live with us and see what it's like to have to use bottled or filtered water when you want to cook and when you want to drink and when you want to brush your teeth."
Snyder said that was her perspective, but he had been asked to do this by many.
"I was asked to do this by a lot of residents, by the press, so I'm just following through on what I was asked to do," Snyder said.
So how does it taste?
"It's fine, it's filtered water, it's good water," Snyder said.
In response to a series of questions about how people could know he was really drinking the water, Snyder said he thought a video blog would be boring but his staff could vouch for him.
"You can ask the people that work for me, they made my tea this morning with it in both the Capitol and the Romney building. We've got the jugs sitting right there," Snyder said.
Michigan's first lady Sue Snyder is also drinking the filtered Flint water, and Snyder has plans to replenish his supply soon.
Emily Lawler is a Capitol reporter on MLive's statewide Impact Team. You can reach her at elawler@mlive.com, subscribe to her on Facebook or follow her on Twitter: @emilyjanelawler.
Bundesliga He says the transfer market makes it difficult to compete
Bayern Munich's Karl-Heinz Rummenigge believes that Real Madrid are a level above the rest of the competition.
Real have won three of the last four Champions Leagues and last season became the first team to defend the trophy. They will be favourites again in this year's competition.
"I would say that Real Madrid are the brightest star in the sky," Rummenigge said to Sport Bild.
"There is a consensus that Real is above all the rest.
"Barcelona, Bavaria and Manchester United are some way behind."
Rummenigge also acknowledged that while the transfer market remained in its current state, it would not be easy for the Bavarians to return to the top of the European game.
"There are ten teams in Europe that are pursuing the same goal," he said.
"But in this irrational world that football has become it will not be easy."
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox have added a much-needed starter after an earlier trade fell through, acquiring oft-injured left-hander Erik Bedard from the Seattle Mariners in a three-team deal at the deadline Sunday.
The Red Sox, whose deal for Oakland's Rich Harden fell apart late Saturday night, also got right-hander Josh Fields, a 2008 first-round draft pick.
"He was real tough on us," Boston manager Terry Francona said of Bedard, who started his major league career with the Baltimore Orioles.
"He's a guy who has shown he can pitch in the American League East. First half of the year before he tweaked that knee he was pretty solid," Francona said. "His stuff was good. We're excited."
Francona said he would talk to Bedard before lining up his rotation for the coming week.
"I know that (general manager) Theo (Epstein) talked to him and he sounded like he was excited. We'll kind of build him back up," Francona said. "He just came off the DL Friday. We'll build him back up and get him in there."
Boston sent catcher Tim Federowicz and right-handers Juan Rodriguez and Stephen Fife to the Los Angeles Dodgers, who dealt OF Trayvon Robinson to the Red Sox.
The Red Sox then sent Robinson and OF Chih-Hsien Chiang to Seattle.
Bedard, who is 4-7 in 16 starts with a 3.45 ERA this season for the Mariners, wasn't so good against an AL East team on Friday when he faced Tampa.
Google announced that its G Suite for Education, which was previously known as Google Apps for Education, now has 70 million users worldwide. That's up from 60 million a year ago and 50 million in October 2015. That's a pretty steady growth rate for Google's student/teacher-centric productivity suite.
Like all of Google's productivity apps, G Suite for Education got its new name when Google launched the “G Suite” brand last September. It features all of the core Google tools (think Gmail, Docs, Drive, Hangouts, etc.), as well as Classroom, a tool that helps teachers and students communicate, share assignments and track their progress. Classroom is, in essence, the service that ties all of Google's other tools together for teachers.
During a press briefing leading up to today's announcement, Google's senior director of product management for Chrome for Business and Education, Rajen Sheth, also noted that over 20 million Chromebooks are now in active use in schools on a weekly basis.
Earlier this week, Google also announced that over half a million students in the UK have now used Google Expeditions to take virtual reality tours of places like Petra, the pyramids in Egypt, and the human heart.
Up until recently, Wikipedia had stated that the writer of All Kinds of Everything was Phil Coulter, and if you asked anyone who the writer of that song was, many people would give that same incorrect answer. (Coulter has, of course, written or cowritten several Eurovision entries, including 1967's Puppet on a String, and 1968's Congratulations).
Derry Lindsay, who cowrote All Kinds of Everything with fellow Dubliner Jackie Smith, remains sanguine about his fate, and as he sips from a too-milky latte in a Dublin city-centre cafe, he fails miserably to come across as an embittered songwriter time forgot.
“I'm not sure I had the skills, to be honest,” he says, when asked if he regretted just one of his songs penetrating the public consciousness. “Maybe the subsequent songs just weren't good enough.”
The way Lindsay (now 74, but looking much younger) tells it, he was a “penniless compositor who transferred, for a while, to penniless songwriter”. He and his mates, influenced in the mid-1950s by the skiffle sounds of Britain's Lonnie Donegan – and absorbing tales of musicians in his “weekly gospel”, the New Musical Express – racked up random gigs around his Ballymun turf. As the very candid Lindsay puts it now, “We were all useless. I was always a background guy. I could sing, but I knew I wasn't going to be a star.”
Despite that, he longed to be a songwriter. By the mid-1960s, Lindsay had some moderate success with an original song, Turn out the Light, which was recorded by Dublin beat group The Creatures. Hopes were high for the song, but with lyrics deemed too risqué for radio (“Turn out the light dear, let's see what you can do / You say all right dear, I'm gonna take my cue”), RTÉ banned it.
A disappointed Lindsay soldiered on. Pragmatic to the last (“I didn't have any of the level of creativity that Lennon and McCartney had; I was in love with the music, I was a listener”), he knuckled down to work as a typesetter, and as the 1960s drew to a close he was happy to leave the musical memories in the past. However, a colleague, Jackie Smith, had previous form in the Irish music business as a member of the showband the Continentals. Together they concocted a plan to write something for the National Song Contest (devised by RTÉ producer Tom McGrath as a vehicle to select Ireland's song entry for Eurovision).
Smith came up with the line “All kinds of everything remind me of you” in the typesetters' caseroom at their place of work on Aston Place, Lindsay recalls. “I thought the phrase worked, and the cadence of the melody worked, so that was good.
“The big thing in the song for me was the lyrics. We weren't getting anywhere, initially. It was like something out of Alice in Wonderland – “cabbages and kings”, that sort of nonsense. One Sunday, we went over to Jackie's house, and I was sitting on their garden swing, a bit bored, and suddenly it clicked – ‘Things of the night, things of the day', and so on. It took us several weeks to get it beyond that, but it was a job of enjoyment at that point. We worked at it most days.”
The Women's Podcast
Duly completed, All Kinds of Everything was delivered to RTÉ in December 1969. It joined about 500 other songs, a pile that was shaved down to 20 and then further pruned to the final eight that would compete with each other for the opportunity of representing Ireland at the 1970 Eurovision Song Contest.
The first Lindsay knew about his cowritten song being selected was when a letter from RTÉ popped through his letterbox. “It informed us that the song had been selected, asked us to keep our mouths shut about it and to present ourselves at Montrose.”
Lindsay and Smith were surprised to discover that the chosen singer for their song was a teenage girl, “because in the writing of it, Jackie and myself had sung it to ourselves so many times we had almost presumed it was going to be sung by Danny Doyle or one of the showband guys. So when Dana appeared on the scene, our jaws dropped. I had met her the summer before in Clontarf Castle, and her then manager, Tony Johnson, was introducing her around. He was a tough guy, awkward, and in Clontarf Castle Dana was singing rebel songs. She was technically good, but she was still at school.”
Teenager or not, Dana's involvement wholly benefited the song, Lindsay says. And then along came Phil Coulter. His formidable presence in the Eurovision in the late 1960s had prompted him to be viewed as the man with the golden touch, and Lindsay acknowledges that Coulter's orchestration of the song – as well as his organising of a UK-based arranger to write the eight-bar introduction – afforded it immediate recognition. “Because of that intro, everyone knows what the song is before we hear Dana.”
Coulter subsequently went on to sign the song's publishing rights on a 50-50 split with Lindsay and Smith. “We knew a little about the business, and so we argued a bit about the 50-50 split, but went ahead with it regardless,” Lindsay says with a trace of regret. “To be honest, we didn't think it would make a penny.”
Everything and nothing
The song made more than a penny, and All Kinds of Everything also began Ireland's record-breaking run of Eurovision wins. For Lindsay, however, it effectively marked the end of his songwriting career. “Jackie and I worked on songs after, but we didn't do anything decent. The chemistry, ultimately, wasn't there. I went on to be promoted at work, and I suppose I just didn't have the mental interest for creative things after that.”
Retrospectively, Lindsay says, he endured periods of not being sure about the quality or worth of All Kinds of Everything. “It went out of fashion a few times, I suppose, and it's probably out of fashion now. It's good enough if you don't hear it too often.”
Regrets? A few to mention, for sure, but what about royalties? Not anywhere near enough to retire on, even back in the song's radio-friendly heyday. “At one stage, it was turning around £4,000 a year,” Lindsay smiles, “but that's dropped to about €2,000-€2,500 now. It still pays a few bills and it's tax-free.”
And if the muse should ever strike again, and he wrote another song that he thought had a chance – what does he think he would do?
“Contact my solicitor!”
The Eurovision Song contest semi-finals take place tomorrow and May Thursday. The final is on Saturday
LINDSAY'S EURO VERDICT: BEST AND WORST IRISH SONGS
Three best Irish Eurovision songs . . .
Red Hurley When (1976): “I love ballads and this was a great one – a little underwritten and arranged, if one was to be critical, but Red had a lovely, melodic voice. I was very disappointed the songwriter, Brendan Graham, did not win with this, which in my opinion is streets ahead of his song Rock'n'Roll Kids.”
“I love ballads and this was a great one – a little underwritten and arranged, if one was to be critical, but Red had a lovely, melodic voice. I was very disappointed the songwriter, Brendan Graham, did not win with this, which in my opinion is streets ahead of his song Rock'n'Roll Kids.” The Swarbriggs It's Nice to Be in Love Again (1977): “In its era, this was modern, melodic and the right sort of song entry. I was disappointed it did not win. Any time this is played on the radio, it's always worth a listen.”
“In its era, this was modern, melodic and the right sort of song entry. I was disappointed it did not win. Any time this is played on the radio, it's always worth a listen.” Johnny Logan What's Another Year (1980): “A lovely song. Johnny looked and sounded great, and it was a worthy winner. That said, I felt Johnny lacked a little stage personality, which despite his good looks and powerful voice, limited his appeal.”
And the worst . . .
The Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has expressed support for including Poland in the US Visa Waiver Program, claiming that he would deal with this during the first weeks of his presidency.
Poland is currently one of only five EU countries not included in the Visa Waiver Program, which allows visa-free travel into the US for up to 90 days. The refusal rate on Polish visa applications has been too high to allow the country to qualify.
Trump made the comments about the Visa Waiver Program before a speech to the Polish American Congress, during which he repeatedly praised Poland.
Frank Spula, President of the Polish American Congress, said: “I told [Trump] that this visa issue has been around for many years […] Trump told me that if he becomes president, he will deal with this. I replied: 'We will be holding you to your word'.”
Meanwhile Piotr Janicki, the Polish consul in Chicago, said: “[Trump] declared that he will deal with this issue in the first weeks of his presidency.”
Janicki added, “Donald Trump as a candidate is considered to hold harsh views on immigration, but we heard [today] that this will not affect Polish citizens and that he does not see any threat from Poles, who mostly come to the US for tourism.”
Earlier this year the Republican Party adopted a platform at its national convention in Cleveland which included a clause about allowing Poles visa-free travel, though the platform is non-binding. (sl/rg)
Source: PAP
DESCRIPTION
Ultrasonic ranging module HC - SR04 provides 2cm - 400cm non-contact measurement function, the ranging accuracy can reach to 3mm. The modules include ultrasonic transmitters, receiver and control circuit. The basic principle of work:
Using IO trigger for at least 10us high level signal,
The Module automatically sends eight 40 kHz and detect whether there is a pulse signal back.
IF the signal back, through high level , time of high output IO duration is the time from sending ultrasonic to returning. Test distance = (high level time×velocity of sound (340M/S) /2
We also have a selection of Basic Starter Kit, Deluxe Starter Kit, Ultimate Starter Kit that utilize this module.
Wire connecting direct as following:
5V Supply
Trigger Pulse Input
Echo Pulse Output
0V Ground
If you are sourcing a ultrasonic ranging module , the HC-SR04 is good choose . Its stable performance and high ranging accuracy make it a popular module in electronic market .
Compared to the Shap IR ranging module , HC-SR04 is more inexpensive than it . But it has the same ranging accuracy and longer ranging distance.
SPECIFICATION
power supply :5V DC
quiescent current : <2mA
effectual angle: <15°
ranging distance : 2cm â€?500 cm
resolution : 0.3 cm
There are 4 pins out of the module : VCC , Trig, Echo, GND . So it's a very easy interface for controller to use it ranging. The all process is : pull the Trig pin to high level for more than 10us impulse , the module start ranging ; finish ranging , If you find an object in front , Echo pin will be high level , and based on the different distance,it will take the different duration of high level. So we can calculate the distance easily :
Distance = ((Duration of high level)*(Sonic :340m/s))/2
Finally , look at the back of the module .All of the chip in the module have been burnish , maybe the author want to prevent the designed from plagiarism. But ultrasonic ranging module is nearly the same principle, so it's not hard to speculated that the role of the chip â€?I'm sure at least one 74series chip on it ; ) . It is not a difficult task to crack it , but â€?it's at so low a price , even cheaper than your copy.
Dylan DeBoard was in his Mount Vernon, Ohio, front yard putting his grill together when he saw something alarming.
A few houses down, a police officer was struggling with a suspect on the porch, and from what DeBoard could see:
“The suspect had the upper hand.”
The suspect, who was under the influence of meth, managed to pin down Officer Michael Wheeler and then went for his gun.
He'd also ripped off Wheeler's shoulder mic, which prevented him from calling for backup. With his back against the porch and the suspect pounding on him, Wheeler felt like he might not make it back home to his wife and children.
But suddenly, the suspect stopped the attack and raised his hands. Standing there to save the day was DeBoard, with his handgun drawn on the criminal.
Wheeler used the moment of distraction to his advantage. He flipped the suspect over and cuffed him.
DeBoard told Independent Journal Review how Wheeler reacted to him being at the right place at the right time.
“After he found out that I have a license to carry, he gave me the most heart-filled thank you that I ever received.”
He revealed how the decision to act was even bigger than just saving Wheeler:
“The more I think about it, right behind me was my home with my son, my fiance, and my mother in it. I did what needed to be done to protect them, so if the suspect had taken Wheeler's gun, yes I would have killed him or died trying to protect my family.”
And he explained why he didn't think twice about pulling his weapon:
“I don't know why I didn't think twice, maybe because they are the values that I grew up on. I was taught that when someone is in need and you can help them out, you just do it.”
Yet, even though DeBoard has been credited with saving a life, he thinks Wheeler is the one who deserves the gratitude:
“Officer Wheeler does thank me every time I see him and I truly appreciate it, but I still thank him. He was there in my neighborhood helping my neighbors and my family.”
Later on, the Mount Vernon Police Department gave DeBoard an award to recognize his heroism:
DeBoard described the emotional ceremony:
“When I was at the city council meeting his entire family was there and they had nothing but thanks and tears in their eyes.”
He added this piece of advice: “Protect your family, friends, neighbors…we live in a crazy world and the only way to make it better is to help each other and protect one another.”
How to Visualize US Airline Connections in Google Earth
For this visualization, I wanted to provide a step-by-step set of instructions for any who may want to try this themselves.
Airline Data
The data for this can be found here. I got the idea from a Gephi forum thread discussing the GeoLayout plugin (which we'll be using). The data is anonymized (does not contain airport names) but contains the latitude and longitude data we need to render it in Google Earth.
1. Gephi Setup
If you don't have Gephi installed go download it here (note, it requires Java 6). In order to do this visualization, two plugins will be needed. So go to "Tools" then "Plugins". Click on "Available Plugins" and search for "ExportToEarth". Select that plugin. Next, search for "GeoLayout" and select that plugin as well. Finally, click "Install" to install these two plugins. Follow any necessary prompts to do so including restarting Gephi to complete the installation.
2. Loading the Data
Once Gephi is started and the plugins are installed, click on "File" then "Open..." and select the airline file downloaded from above. You'll see something like this:
Gephi defaults to randomly laying out newly loaded data, so it may look a bit like a hairball. That's expected.
3. Layout the Data
Technically, this step is not necessary. But it does highlight a useful feature in graph layouts. In the "Layout" tab, select the "Geo Layout" plugin. Before running it, make sure the "Latitude" and "Longitude" properties are set to use the respective fields from the data set ("lat" and "lng"). Click "Run" and see it re-situate the nodes on the graph based on their respective coordinates. Try playing with the "Scale" and "Projection" to experiment with different ways to lay out the graph.
4. Add Some Color and Sizing
On the right, click on the "Connected Components" "Run" button. This detects disconnected components of the graph. In this case, there is only one component. On the left, click on the "Partition" tab and make sure "Nodes" is selected. Click on the refresh icon and then select "Component ID" and then "Apply". If you'd like to change the color, click and hold the color next to the component label ("0" in this case), drag over the color you desire, then click "Apply" again.
Next, back on the right, click the "Average Degree" "Run" button. Then back on the left click the "Ranking" tab next to the "Partition" tab. Select the icon that looks like a gem (the "Size/Weight" icon), Then select "Degree" and click apply.
All together, it should look something like this:
5. Export to Google Earth
To export to Google Earth, go to the "Preview" tab. Click on the "Refresh" tab to visualize the graph here. Click on "File", "Export", then "Graph File...". Change the "File Format:" to KMZ and choose a location to save to (wait a moment for the save to complete).
Next, open up Google Earth and choose "File" then "Open...". Navigate to where you saved the KMZ file, open it, and you'll see something like this:
6. Bonus: Flight Simulator Mode!
One thing I discovered is that not only can you view your graph looking down but your graph is visible inside flight simulator mode. Simply click on "Tools" and "Enter Flight Simulator...". Select a major US airport you are familiar with or zoom in on one and click "Start Flight". You can use the graph as navigation guides to fly between airports. Simply pick an edge and follow it to the airport it points to. What's interesting to see is that the edges are not merely flat on the ground but are at different elevations.
Here are some images of what this looks like in flight simulator mode:
With the rhetorical smoke now clearing from the battlefields of Indiana and Arkansas, it's time for an after-action review. Herewith are a few lessons learned:
1. On culture-war matters, Republicans need a spinal transplant. If the mainstream media and the social-justice warriors (but I'm being redundant) kick a bit of sand in their faces, they retreat — even from popular positions. As Ramesh has noted, large majorities of Americans don't want to see citizens penalized or fined for refusing to participate in gay weddings, yet Republicans caved anyway — from laws that wouldn't even clearly or necessarily protect the rare objecting baker, florist, or photographer. The laws would simply give those vendors a fighting chance. And of course the retreats are hardly confined to same-sex marriage. Don't forget the House Republicans' dreadful display the very day of the March for Life, when they withdrew a popular pro-life bill in the face of inconsequential political opposition.
Advertisement
Advertisement
2. Yet when big business says, “jump,” Republicans jump. I note with interest that just as elected Republicans retreat with extreme speed on life and religious liberty, they stand like Leonidas at Thermopylae to block politically popular increases in the federal minimum wage. What's the common factor in the religious liberty rout and the minimum-wage stand? The corporate will. I'm not yet ready to declare – as Rod Dreher does – that the battle between Democrats and Republicans is the battle of the “party of lust” versus the “party of greed,” but that's what this week certainly looked like.
3. The conservative grassroots have greater real-world power than leftist bullies. As of the moment I'm writing this blog (the numbers are skyrocketing by the hour), the gofundme page launched to relieve the financial losses to Memories Pizza — after it was forced to at least temporarily shut its doors in the face of leftist threats — has raised $502,000 in just one day. The new cultural reality is that leftist “social justice” attacks now trigger overwhelming conservative responses — from the Chick-fil-A ”buycott,” to the failed attacks on Hobby Lobby, to the standing-room-only crowds at American Sniper. The political battlefield isn't the only battlefield.
4. Conservative intellectuals and conservative activists are digging in for the long fight. I know I'm biased, but National Review has posted one great piece after another. God bless Dana Loesch for taking the lead in reaching out to Memories Pizza. Ross Douthat has been invaluable from his lonely outpost at the New York Times. There is simply too much good material to name-check it all. But of course leave it to Yuval Levin to encapsulate precisely why millions of us simply will not yield:
Religious freedom is not freedom to do what you want, but freedom to do what you must. It's not freedom from constraint, but a recognition of a constraint higher than even the law and therefore prior to it and deserving of some leeway from legal obligations when reasonably possible.
Advertisement
Or, put another way: Here we stand. We can do no other.
5. There is much cause for optimism. Yes, it is deeply discouraging to see the mob at work. Yes, it is deeply discouraging to see Republicans respond quickly to placate the social-justice Left and big business. But — with remarkably few exceptions — politicians aren't leaders, but followers, and in the long run they will ultimately bend to (and reflect) the will of the intellectual, activist, and grassroots base of the political movement that put them in power. Things are likely to get worse before they get better (I've long been of the opinion that “winter is coming“), but there is no season better than the Easter season to remind us of our ultimate hope. Jay Nordlinger's citation of Mark 15 was particularly poignant:
And they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ah, thou that destroyest the temple, and buildest it in three days, save thyself, and come down from the cross. Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, He saved others; himself he cannot save. Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross, that we may see and believe.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The mob mocked, yet in three days Christ rose — triumphing not over contemporary politics but over death itself. And weeks later, many members of that same mocking mob worshipped the very Christ they crucified. Where there is Christ, there is hope — for the church that follows him and for the mob that opposes him.
Happy Easter, readers. He is risen indeed.
It's almost magical how fast and easy it is to reconcile. When it works it is seamless—dare we say, glorious?—and it makes everything better.
But for the other 15 percent of you, it is a frustrating mess. Our killer feature is killing you. It doesn't matter if 93% of Chase accounts or 94% of Bank of America accounts (good numbers, right?) are connected successfully if that means a bunch of them are not. That's a bunch too many.
We want to share a whole lot about the who/what/when/where/why of our next steps:
Banks do not want us—or anyone—to connect. They make it difficult at every turn.
We are building a tool that will make it easier to securely get credentials from interested and willing users, enabling us to get to the bottom of issues, and work better with different banks' systems.
We're also building some internal systems that will help our third party provider better identify and track issues within the shared system we've built. We should have done this sooner.
We are very close to releasing a manual import feature that won't solve direct import but will at least help ease the pain. Looking back, this is one we wish we had launched with.
In order to begin getting a handle on Support requests related to Direct Import, we had to turn on some auto-replies – but that kind of customer support isn't all that supportive.
Worst of all, as we work through these issues as fast as we can (which is not yet as fast as they come in) it impacts how quickly we deliver all of our support.
If Direct Import is not working for you, we are so sorry and we won't stop until we nail it. For anyone who hasn't gotten a smart, fast and friendly response from our support team, we are even more sorry about that. We are moving in the right direction and can't wait to wow you with that killer feature and the killer killer support (the good kind) to back it up.
THE fact that certain members of the Nzimakwe royal family are buried on the site of the planned nudist beach approved by Hibiscus Coast Municipality has angered the KwaNzimakwe community.
At an imbizo held at Braemar Hall on Monday, tempers flared when the nudist beach topic arose. The KwaNzimakwe community said it was very concerned that the municipality had approved the beach for that specific area.
“How can the municipality disrespect our iNkosi's family?” said Simphiwe Lubanyana, a member of the ANC Youth League.
He also told HCM representatives at the imbizo that a huge protest would be staged against the approval of the beach.
“We are just waiting for the matric exams to finish before we march to the HCM offices,” he explained.
“We want answers. How can HCM hold a public consultation and ask for our views, find out that most people are against this beach, but still approve it?” he asked angrily.
“We have raised our concerns with the municipality and have voiced our dissatisfaction to our ward councillor Dave Watson, who has told us that he was also not happy with the decision taken by the municipality,” added Mr Lubanyana.
When iNkosi Bhekizizwe Nzimakwe was asked for his view, he said couldn't comment as the matter was now out of his hands.
HCM spokesman Simon Soboyisa said that the municipality would still engage with Nkosi Bhekizizwe Nzimakwe about the graves.
“The municipality decided to approve the beach proposal because the South Coast is a tourist area. Council felt that the beach would attract tourists from all over the world, which would boost the area economically and create job opportunities,” he said.
He added that the municipality was still engaging with Ezemvelo KwaZulu-Natal Wildlife to officially open the beach.
The new Romney ad features footage of Obama, and then a clip of Romney saying that people ought to vote because of "love of country," a theme he reiterated at a tarmac rally on a chilly Saturday morning. "Yesterday, the president said something you may have heard by now that I think surprised a lot of people. Speaking to an audience he said, you know, voting is the best revenge. He told his supporters, voting for revenge. Vote for revenge? Let me tell you what I'd like to tell you: Vote for love of country," Romney said, and the crowd of more than 1,000 cheered. "It is time we lead America to a better place."
Mitt Romney is definitely in the losing campaign zone, where campaigns flail wildly and grab onto the stupidest things trying to get any advantage they can. His big new attack on President Barack Obama? In Ohio, Obama responded to a crowd booing at the mention of Romney's name by saying "No, no, no, Don't boo. Vote. Voting is the best revenge." Romney pounced. On that. With an adstump speech lamentations.If Obama goes back to the original cliche and tells someone that living well is the best revenge, can we expect Romney to get his knickers in a twist about that and come out against living well for reasons other than love of country?
This is one more desperate, reaching effort to paint Obama as slightly sinister and not quite American enough, along the lines of the "Obama apologized for America" lie. It's so transparent it's kind of laughable—and you almost have to hope Obama says something about killing people with kindness before election day.
Please give to help reelect President Obama.
Warriors' Damian Jones eager for chance at NBA debut
SALT LAKE CITY — Last week, while active for his first game in an NBA arena, Damian Jones noticed something odd: the squeak of basketball shoes, play calls and directives from the bench could all easily be heard.
“It's different,” Jones said of that game at Brooklyn's Barclays Center, where his Santa Cruz Warriors fell to the Long Island Nets in front of a generously assessed crowd of 249. “It sounded like a practice out there.”
It might as well have been. In the wake of five months rehabbing from pectoral surgery, Jones spent five games getting back to playing shape with Golden State's NBA Development League affiliate. Now, after posting modest per-game averages of 2.8 points, 5.8 rebounds and 2.2 blocks for Santa Cruz, Jones is back with the NBA club.
He is active for the Warriors' game Thursday night at Utah. If Golden State seizes a commanding lead over the shorthanded Jazz, Jones could make his NBA debut in mop-up duty.
Even a solid outing likely won't keep him from returning to Santa Cruz. Golden State head coach Steve Kerr expects to send Jones back to the D-League soon so Jones can receive more consistent playing time.
New draft pick Damian Jones answers a question at the Warriors practice facility in Oakland, Calif., on Friday, June 24, 2016. New draft pick Damian Jones answers a question at the Warriors practice facility in Oakland, Calif., on Friday, June 24, 2016. Photo: Mathew Sumner, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Mathew Sumner, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Warriors' Damian Jones eager for chance at NBA debut 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
“We just want to get his feet wet,” Kerr said.
Jones, 21, tore his right pectoral muscle while weight lifting 12 days before going 30th overall to the Warriors in June's NBA draft. Though he did non-contact work for a month-plus with Golden State before joining Santa Cruz, he had yet to fully participate in a practice.
Jones' learning curve was steep. During his D-League stint, the Vanderbilt product averaged 4.4 fouls in just 18.7 minutes. He missed all seven of his free throws and shot 38.9 percent from the floor.
Jones' time in the D-League reminded him to appreciate the NBA's luxuries. Santa Cruz takes a bus to many games. On a trip to Reno this past weekend, the team bus broke down. A 4½-hour trip ended up taking eight hours.
“It happens, I guess,” Jones said.
Livingston resting: Though he considered resting more of his rotation players Thursday, Kerr opted only to give point guard Shaun Livingston the night off.
“He and Andre (Iguodala) are the ones we monitor more closely,” Kerr said. “We might give (Andre) and Zaza (Pachulia) a night off at some point, but they're both doing great. The rest of our starters are good physically.”
Connor Letourneau is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: cletourneau@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @Con_Chron
HERO had very little to do with bathrooms, despite what it's opponents like to fixate on. It was simply about equal rights for people regardless of their sex, race, religion, sexual orientation and gender identity. If HERO had passed, there wouldn't necessarily have to be a federal lawsuit when a club discriminates against blacks or if a woman is repeatedly passed over for promotion by men. The victim could simply file a complaint with the city and if, after investigating, the city would fine the offender. You mention that you are out of work - HERO would mean that an employer couldn't refuse to hire you simply because you're a man. Yes, that's already a federal statute, but the process of filing a federal complaint and/or a federal lawsuit is much longer and more expensive.
It really sucks that other people are hurting in this oil crunch. However, HERO wasn't about that, it was about saying that if you're gay or if you have the misfortune of having your body not appear the gender that you are in your head, that you're still a human being and worthy of having the right to use the bathroom and not get fired solely on the basis of who you are. There's no ballot amendment that's going to bring back oil jobs - only time, supply, and demand can bend that curve. However, HERO could have said to a variety of minorities - "Hey, you're people just like the rest of us. You deserve to be treated like you matter. I may not see eye to eye with you, or even agree with your lifestyle choices, but that doesn't make you unworthy of taking a shit in a public restroom."
You say you're sick of LGBT issues taking all the air out of the room? The Houston City Council already passed this ordinance a couple years ago. It was no big deal. Dozens of other cities and states have passed very similar ordinances (and have seen exactly 0 increase in sexual assaults in women's restrooms). The only reason this became a huge deal is because a bunch of bigots couldn't stand the fact that they wouldn't be allowed to openly hate on gays anymore. If everyone could have just chilled out and agreed that some people believe different things from me, and that's OK, we could have NOT had various campaigns blow millions on ads on Pro and Con garbage and moved onto other things that actually help the city.
Sheriff Clarke: Black Lives Matter Is All About Political Power, Not Black Lives
Giuliani: Hillary Should Apologize to the American People
Pence: Hillary Is 'in Hiding,' Needs to Answer Questions About Emails, Foundation
Hillary Clinton appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" and said that she isn't worried about the release of additional emails from the time she served as secretary of state.
"The State Department said that they have to release 15,000 emails," Kimmel said. "Are you concerned about that?"
"Jimmy, my emails are so boring. And I'm embarrassed about that. They're so boring," Clinton said. "So we've already released, I don't know, 30,000-plus, so what's a few more?"
Kimmel asked if she was worried that the emails might contain something that Donald Trump could use against her in their first debate on September 26.
"He makes up stuff to use against me," Clinton said. "If he would stick with reality, I wouldn't have a worry in the world."
The Democratic nominee also addressed rumors that her health is failing, saying these attacks are just part of her opponents' "wacky strategy."
"Just say all these crazy things and maybe you can get some people to believe you," she explained.
She added that she doesn't go around questioning Trump's health.
Kimmel then challenged her to demonstrate her good health... by opening a jar of pickles.
Watch the "Jimmy Kimmel Live" clips above, and see Laura Ingraham react on "Fox and Friends" below.
Report: Huma Abedin Worked for Radical Muslim Journal
WATCH: Hillary Supporters Want to Repeal the 2nd Amendment
Eric Trump to Obama: You're Playing Golf While People's Houses Are Underwater
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The euro struggled to find any friends in Asia on Tuesday, having hit a record low against the Swiss franc as doubts lingered even after European financial officials offered fresh steps to tackle the region's sovereign debt problems.
A picture illustration taken in Warsaw on January 18, 2011, shows a one euro coin. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
In a bid to stop financial contagion engulfing Italy and Spain, officials promised to provide cheaper loans, longer maturities and a more flexible rescue fund to help Greece and other EU debtors.
They declined to rule out the possibility of a selective default by Greece, a move officials said bolstered Germany's push to involve investors in easing Greece's debts despite the concerns of the European Central Bank.
European Union finance ministers meet later on Tuesday and are under the cost to soothe market nerves ahead of Thursday's Italian bond auctions. Italy is aiming to raise 7.75 billion euros in the debt market, according to estimates from Barclays Capital.
“All we have right now are headlines about possibilities. I don't think what we're seeing now in the market is going to stop until we see action. If it's aggressive enough and large enough, then it could possibly do the trick,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan in New York.
The euro was last at 1.1732 Swiss francs, having plumbed a record low around 1.1670 francs. Against the yen, it stood at 112.66, not far off a four-month low around 112.27 plumbed overnight.
Versus the dollar, the common currency hit a seven-week low around $1.3985 before recovering a bit of ground to last stand at $1.4030.
A break below the May trough of $1.3968 would take it back to lows not seen since mid-March. Support is seen around $1.3905/10, a level representing the 50 percent retracement of the January-May rally as well as the 200-day moving average.
Weakness in the euro helped push the dollar up against a basket of major currencies. The dollar index .DXY climbed to 76.156, the highest in seven weeks. It was last at 76.000.
The greenback also advanced against commodity currencies. The Australian dollar, for example, skidded to two-week lows around $1.0632, down some 1.5 percent from last week's highs near $1.0800.
“We are becoming cautious on the prospects for AUD due to the increasing evidence of a global slowdown,” analysts at Société Générale wrote in a note.
“In particular, the Chinese data over the weekend highlighting that it will be increasingly difficult for Chinese authorities to pilot a smooth landing of the Chinese economy. A deeper correction in risk cannot be ruled out...”
However, the looming threat of a U.S. debt default may check the greenback's gains. President Barack Obama and congressional leaders were in high-stakes talks to break the impasse over raising the debt ceiling by August 2. The White House says failure to do so could result in a default.
Former McK guy here, so take my answer for what it's worth.
Consulting firms (doesn't matter which one; they're all pretty similar) do a handful of things that provide value:
Raw intellectual horsepower. You have some very smart people who are able to churn out analyses and discover patterns that would otherwise go unnoticed. Bring best practices with them from other teams/compamies. Typically the partners or managers on projects have done similar work in similar industries. While (reputable) consulting firms won't share trade secrets among competitors, they do have an inkling of what works and what doesn't. Most of the things they propose aren't grand experiments or theories, but things that have been tried and tested. They do the crap work that nobody else wants to do because it's a grind, but can provide a tremendous financial upside. You know when you're doing something and some mid level employee says “it's not worth my time"…if you actually do the math and think about it, 99.99% of the time, it actually *is* worth that person's time. If you're paying some guy $100k a year and a body of work takes him 6 months, and it saves you $75K, then math-wise, it's worth it. Problem is that these bodies of work are often a grind and nobody wants to do them. Luckily you have some jr consultant straight out of college willing to do it. They provide extra manpower. A consulting team of 3–4 folks, at the typical pace, is equal to about 10 full timers. Consultants typically work 80+ hours a week and also have a team of people who help with extra analysis, data entry, graphics, etc. How great would it be to have 15 extra employees who know what they're doing and just churn through things?! Because they're not involved with middle-management-politics, they are able to offer suggestions that optimize for the company as a whole, not necessarily one specific business unit. Consultants from bigger (ie more expensive) firms are typically hired by senior executives, and the C”X”O is more interested in total company performance than one specific business unit or department. They are often the CXOs eyes and ears. They are hired by and loyal to CXO. They are able to tell it how it really is in the various groups. No yes-men here, as it's their job to specifically not be a yes-man. It's a bit of a spark in the organization. Ooh consultants are coming. Expensive consultants! Adds a bit of cultural excitement and while it's hard to quantity this, i do believe it's important and helpful. On the downside, it really comes down to money. Yup, they're expensive. But it's also a huge CYA move - nobody ever gets fired for hiring McKinsey/Bain/BCG/etc.
I could go on, but these are the main points. Did I feel like I provided value? Absolutely. Could the companies I served have done substantially similar work without hiring consultants and instead building an internal team that did similar work? Definitely. But these things take a lot time and lots of patience. Consultants are just a call away and are like the A Team. You call them when you need some s*** done.
If you're a fan of craft beer (of course you are, you're here, right?) and you're a fan of metal (and if you're not, you should be!), you may have noticed that a lot of craft breweries are collaborating with metal bands to make some pretty interesting beers.
Three Floyds Brewing is a leader in the craft beer and metal movement, and they've already collaborated with quite a few metal bands. They recently worked with Richmond, Virginia's grindcore kings, Pig Destroyer, to create Permanent Funeral Pale Ale, which was just released last month. They've collaborated with New Orleans-based sludge metal masters, Eyehategod in the past and are currently working with Municipal Waste on their highly anticipated Toxic Revolution Stout.
So when I heard that an actual metal/craft beer collaboration might be brewing in my own backyard, I was skeptical but hopeful. Sure enough, the movement is coming to Florida – and it's going to be epic. Cigar City will soon be contract brewing Impaled Ale for the 4th annual GWAR B-Q music festival being held in Richmond, Virginia on August 17.
For those not familiar, GWAR is a satirical heavy metal band well-known for their elaborate science fiction/horror inspired costumes, obscene lyrics, and graphic stage performances, often featuring political or pop culture mock executions. And blood… lots and lots of blood, among other bodily fluids. But anyone who's ever been to a GWAR show knows it's all in good fun.
This metal/craft beer collaboration started three years ago when GWAR fans and homebrewers, Rob and Deidra Chalmers, brewed the first batch of Death Piggy Ale as an homage to the band.
Rob then contacted Dave Brockie, the lead singer of GWAR, via Facebook for permission to use their artwork, and his friendship with the band began. Rob, along with the help of his friends and fellow brewers at Barley Mow and Sunburn Brewing, brewed a few more 20 gallon batches of his ale for the band, perfecting what would become Impaled Ale. In November of 2012, Rob was contacted by GWAR's drummer, Brad Roberts, who asked if he'd consider brewing the ale for their 4th Annual GWAR B-Q. And that's where Cigar City came in.
Rob contacted President and Founder of Cigar City Joey Redner and pitched him the idea of a contract brew, and they both felt that it was a great match. “Rob is somewhat of an infamous figure in the Tampa Bay area; we know his love for GWAR,” said Travis Krueger, sales and marketing rep for Cigar City. “And having seen GWAR in the past and knowing their tendencies to take things over the top, they seemed like the perfect fit for a brewery that has always liked things over the top as well, when it comes to the beers we produce and the flavors we like to coax out of our recipes.”
Rob and Deidra, along with GWAR's Dave Brockie, will begin brewing with the Cigar City team in late June or early July. Currently, they are estimating brewing between 15 and 30 barrels of Impaled Ale, which will be available for planned Cigar City pre- and post-events, but most of which will be kegged and canned for consumption at the GWAR B-Q.
“Once again, we blow the horn of war and set into motion the gears that grind us towards the greatest GWAR B-Q yet,” said Brokie (AKA Oderus Urungus). “We will be shoving a wealth of GWAR products down your throat… not only our new GWAR B-Q sauce, but our very own beer, Impaled Ale. Eat and drink yourself into a diabetic stupor, then puke it all up in the slam pit! It's gonna fucking rule!”
Is it okay to admit that I can't wait to submit myself to GWAR's on-stage onslaught and to finally get Impaled? As a huge fan of both GWAR and Cigar City Brewing, I know that this will be a metal celebration that shouldn't be missed and a collaboration to die for….
The Finnish Aviation Union (IAU) is threatening to begin a strike in companies providing air transport technical services on 25 October 2010 at 05.00, unless a new collective agreement covering air transport services is achieved before then.
At the same time, the IAU announced that an overtime ban will continue in companies providing air transport technical services, even though it has been cancelled elsewhere.
In the Finnair Group, the industrial action will affect Finnair Technical Services Oy, Finnair Engine Services Oy and Finnair Flight Academy Oy.
Negotiations on a collective agreement have been at a standstill for two weeks due to a disagreement between the IAU and the Finavia-owned company RTG Ground Handling. A solution was reached on the issue last Friday, at which time collective agreement negotiations resumed. The IAU, however, broke off negotiations almost immediately and at the weekend announced the threat of industrial action.
Should it take place, the IAU's strike would adversely affect Finnair's flight operations significantly.
Speaking to radio DJ Tony Tone, Ron Perlman says he's still fighting for Hellboy 3. Unfortunately, there's been no movement, and director Guillermo del Toro may no longer have the time.
I'm fighting for it. Guillermo del Toro kind of wants to do it, but he's very busy. It's got to be him, because he's the guy that created the saga, and the shape of it, and he knows how it's supposed to end. But yeah, I think it's essential that we end it, because it was meant to be three movies, so I'm fighting for it, but there's nothing to report right now.
On a recent episode The Colbert Report, Jeffrey Tambor hinted that things might be finally pushing forward for the film, but it seems that's not the case.
There are few things sadder than an unfinished trilogy. Hopefully this film series will get the conclusion it deserves.
CHICAGO, Ill. - University of Chicago Head Men's Soccer Coach Mike Babst announced on Monday that Pat Flinn has been hired as Assistant Men's Soccer Coach.
"Pat will make an immediate impact on the culture and competitiveness of our program, and greatly enhance our ability to develop every player on our roster," Babst said. "He is a coach that competitors love playing for because he never lets anyone settle. In Pat and Jeff [DeGroot], we now have two very talented and ambitious coaches to help push our players and program to a new level."
Flinn played collegiate soccer at NCAA Division I school Duquesne University from 2004-07. He was a team captain in 2007 and also a member of two squads that won Atlantic 10 Conference regular season championships. Additionally, Babst was an assistant coach for the Dukes during Flinn's first two years in 2004-05.
As a coach, Flinn possesses a USSF B License. He previously served for four years as Technical Director at Vestavia Hills Soccer Club in Birmingham, Ala. His teams won three U.S. Youth Soccer (USYS) State Championships. Flinn was also Head Coach of the '96 Steamers Black, which became the first club team from Alabama to qualify for the USYS National League and finished in fourth place during the 2013 National League season. Collegiately, Flinn was also an Assistant Men's Soccer Coach at Washington & Jefferson College in 2011.
Image caption Down's syndrome is the most frequent single cause of birth defects
Brain cells have been grown from skin cells of adults with Down's syndrome in research that could shed new light on the condition.
US scientists found a reduction in connections among the brain cells and possible faults in genes that protect the body from ageing.
The research in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences gives an insight into early brain development.
Down's syndrome results from an extra copy of one chromosome.
This generally causes some level of learning disability and a range of distinctive physical features.
A team led by Anita Bhattacharyya, a neuroscientist at the Waisman Center at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, grew brain cells from skin cells of two individuals with Down's syndrome.
This involved reprogramming skin cells to transform them into a type of stem cell that could be turned into any cell in the body.
Brain cells were then grown in the lab, providing a way to look at early brain development in Down's syndrome.
One significant finding was a reduction in connections among the neurons, said Dr Bhattacharyya.
"They communicate less, are quieter. This is new, but it fits with what little we know about the Down syndrome brain."
It seems to be another step forward, giving us insight into the effects of having three copies of chromosome 21 Carol Boys, Chief executive, Down's Syndrome Association
Brain cells communicate through connections known as synapses. The brain cells in Down's syndrome individuals had only about 60% of the usual number of synapses and synaptic activity.
"This is enough to make a difference," added Dr Bhattacharyya. "Even if they recovered these synapses later on, you have missed this critical window of time during early development."
The researchers looked at genes that were affected in the stem cells and neurons from two individuals with Down's syndrome.
They found that genes on the extra chromosome, chromosome 21, were increased greatly, particularly genes that responded to damage from free radicals, which may play a role in ageing.
This could explain why people with Down's syndrome appear to age quickly, although this remains to be tested, said the University of Wisconsin-Madison team.
Commenting on the study, Carol Boys, chief executive of the UK Down's Syndrome Association, said it was interesting work from an established, well-known team.
"It seems to be another step forward, giving us insight into the effects of having three copies of chromosome 21," she said.
"We are learning more all the time about the mechanisms that cause certain aspects of the condition Down's syndrome and this may ultimately result in the development of therapies for treatment."
THE wait is finally over. The Daily Telegraph understands former Parramatta star Jarryd Hayne will formally announce his move to NFL franchise, Detroit Lions, tomorrow (Tuesday) at 2pm.
A press conference will be held in Sydney.
Hayne will shortly return to the US to continue training for his shock move.
Detroit has a track record of picking up international unknowns, plus they have been highly impressed with the ex-Parramatta full-back's testing times (especially in the 40-yard sprint, where he clocked an electrifying 4.53 seconds).
media_camera Jarryd Hayne arrived back in Sydney from the United States.
The conformation of a deal with the Lions is a remarkable achievement for Hayne, who only quit the NRL four months ago.
Hayne, who turned 27 a fortnight ago, has spent the summer transforming his body for the rigours of playing the explosive running back position in the NFL.
News that he will become part of the Lions family follows Detroit's decision to cut running back Reggie Bush last week.
Bush, on a promotional trip to Australia had been full of praise for Hayne, but with the Lions releasing the 29-year-old, who had an injury-plagued 2014 season, the team need to restock the position.
Using MIT students as his team, MIT professor Donald Sadoway is set to make his liquid-battery concept a reality. Based on floating layers of high-temperature molten metal and salt, his battery uses heat to its advantage unlike conventional batteries that can fail or sustain damage under extreme temperature conditions.
You have to give Donald Sadoway points for style: Not many professors come to the last class of a semester dressed in black tie, decorate the table with linen and a vase of fresh roses, and toast their students with champagne. But then, Sadoway has a tendency to do things differently.
Sadoway, the John F. Elliott Professor of Materials Chemistry at MIT, has earned a crescendo of recognition this year for his pioneering work on an entirely new type of battery, one based on floating layers of high-temperature molten metal and salt. The battery could provide electricity storage on a scale useful to major electric utilities — allowing them to store energy whenever it's available and cheap, and then pump it back into the grid when it's most needed. Such storage capability could be the key to making intermittent sources of power — such as sun, wind and tides — a reliable part of the world's energy supply.
The innovative approach earned Sadoway a coveted spot at this year's TED talks; a video of his remarks garnered more than 440,000 views in its first three weeks online. And last week, Time magazine included Sadoway in its annual list of “the 100 most influential people in the world.”
Finally, Sadoway's liquid battery project has garnered more than $13 million in government and industry funding, partly from the French energy company Total, provided through the MIT Energy Initiative (not counting money raised by a company founded to commercialize the technology — half of which came from Bill Gates, who watched Sadoway's lectures via MIT OpenCourseWare).
Humble roots
Sadoway, the son of second-generation Ukrainian immigrants, was the first member of his family to attend college, let alone teach at one. His parents ran a motel in a small town outside Toronto. His mother was a high school graduate, but his maternal grandmother was illiterate, having had a year or two of schooling at most.
“The gene pool doesn't turn over in two generations,” he emphasizes. “The only difference between us was opportunity.”
Maybe that rise from modest origins helped spur Sadoway's tendency to go against the grain. He suggests that one reason his TED talk has become so popular is because of its underlying message “that you could develop a leading-edge technology by ignoring the professionals and putting together your own team of novices,” he says.
The “professionals” in battery technology were indeed skeptical of Sadoway's liquid-battery concept when he first started working on it around 2005. For one thing, conventional wisdom held that for any manufactured product, the way to achieve economies of scale was to build large numbers of small things.
But Sadoway took the opposite tack, planning to build fewer and bigger things. Furthermore, his technology's operating temperature — many hundreds of degrees Fahrenheit, required to keep the metal electrodes molten — was seen as an energy-draining showstopper: You'd need so much energy to keep the thing hot, experts reasoned, that this drain would counteract any gains in efficiency you might get.
Turning handicap to advantage
Not so, Sadoway and his team have demonstrated, through years of theoretical research and a series of ever-larger prototypes. (He describes the sizes of these, respectively, as a shot glass, a hockey puck, a saucer and a pizza.) In fact, it turns out that what has been a handicap for other types of batteries — namely, that they tend to get very hot during either charging or discharging — is actually a big plus for his liquid version.
Normally, this heating requires a complex, active cooling system to counteract. But for Sadoway, it means that in actual operation, it shouldn't be necessary to heat the battery much, if at all: It will self-heat while charging and discharging. Even in the desert on a summer day — a situation where conventional batteries can sustain damage or fail — his liquid battery, at about 1,400° F, would be unfazed by the extra heat.
Sadoway's liquid-battery concept was based on his earlier work in the metal smelting industry. (His three degrees, all from the University of Toronto, are in metallurgy). He realized that the reactor used to smelt aluminum — which relies on huge amounts of electric power driving current through huge vats of molten ore — could be turned on its head to store power, rather than using it up.
Sparked by a suggestion from MIT colleague Gerbrand Ceder, Sadoway set out to see if this concept could be made to work as a battery system. Most people in that situation, he says, would probably have hired top experts in the fields of electrochemistry and smelting to carry out the research. Sadoway took the opposite route, hiring students.
“They were not just any youngsters,” he explains, “they were youngsters at MIT. Nonetheless, they were novices” — and therefore didn't quite realize how daunting the task might be. And besides, he says, “they believed that if this worked, it could change the world.”
Sadoway's industrial and academic experience, combined with the students' energy and enthusiasm, led to significant progress — after a few blind alleys along the way. In the end, with particular help from former graduate student David Bradwell, this research yielded working prototypes.
“They worked miracles,” he says of his team. And the recognition he's been getting this year, he says, is “about them, it's not about me. It's the group.”
This “overnight” success wouldn't have been possible without a lifetime of study and experience, Sadoway says. After he gave his 14-minute lecture at the TED conference, having carefully rehearsed and memorized it so that he could deliver it without notes, someone asked him how long it took him to prepare the talk.
Sadoway's response: “About 35 years!”
Image: M. Scott Brauer
While Matt is on holiday, he has selected a few of his “greatest hits” to re-run until he returns next week. This is an excerpt of a post that originally ran on on February 24, 2012
[A]t the risk of sounding overly-simplistic, here are five (mostly un-sexy) governmental policies which probably led to the financial disaster:
1. The FED kept interest rates too low for too long – This isn't rocket science. Keeping interest rates artificially low led predictably to excessive credit and speculative asset bubbles — such as occurred in the housing market (this problem has not been fixed).
2. The expanded mandate of Fannie and Freddie – The housing collapse can very likely be traced back the Clinton administration's pressuring of Fannie and Freddie to encourage more home buying. The Community Reinvestment Act, for example — in which banks were encouraged to people who normally would not be worthy of obtaining home loans — was especially pernicious. The CRA, of course, had been around for a long time prior to Clinton, but as Howard Husock noted in 2000, the Clinton Administration, “turned the Community Reinvestment Act, a once-obscure and lightly enforced banking regulation law, into one of the most powerful mandates shaping American cities.”
(Note: Anyone interested in learning more about Fannie and Freddie should read “Reckless Endangerment,” by Pulitzer Prize-winning business reporter and New York Times columnist Gretchen Morgenson, and housing finance expert Joshua Rosner.)
3. Mark-to-market accounting – This accounting device requires financial institutions to adjust their balance sheets and capital accounts whenever the value of an asset they own increases or decreases. The trouble with this is that it requires banks to show paper losses for assets they may have no plans to sell (in fact, the bank may be planning to wait for the price to increase prior to selling it). FDR suspended mark to market accounting in 1938, but unfortunately, the George W. Bush administration brought it back in 2007. As Steve Forbes wrote in 2009: “Of the more than $700 billion that financial institutions have written off, almost all of it has been book write-downs, not actual cash losses.” (The requirement has since been loosened.)
4. Repeal of the uptick rule – Also enacted by FDR, the uptick rule says investors can't short a stock unless it goes up in price. According to Investopedia: ”The uptick rule prevents short sellers from adding to the downward momentum when the price of an asset is already experiencing sharp declines.” In 2007, the SEC got rid of the rule, resulting in investors betting against the market, manipulating the market, and depressing stock prices. (Note: Like everything else on the list, some people dispute the notion that the uptick rule would have helped. Others argue that short sellers get a bum rap. For example, the last infamous CEO to complain about short sellers was Dick Fuld of Lehman Brothers. The company went bankrupt and short selling had nothing to do with the rapid decline of price.)
5. Repeal of Glass-Steagall – Enacted by FDR after the Great Depression, a main provision of Glass-Steagall was seperating investment banking from commercial banking. But in 1999, the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act (passed by a majority of Republicans and signed by Bill Clinton) repealed that provision. The problem, of course, is that this encouraged banks to be speculative — to take risks, knowing all along that the FDIC would insure their loss. (The notion that repealing Glass-Steagall contributed to the recession is disputed by some economists. Some would even argue that it helped. For example, when Bear Stearns and Merrill Lynch got into serious trouble, they were promptly acquired by J.P. Morgan and Bank of America. These rescues were possible only because banks could own full-service broker-dealers.)
So there you have it: Five things which (I, at least, believe) contributed to the crisis.
This list specifically focused on things which the government, in some way or another, was responsible. But it's also worth noting that the creation and rapid expansion of new financial instruments (such as credit default obligations and credit default swaps) certainly contributed to the financial crisis (of course, government did not step in to regulate or ban them — and still hasn't).
It's also worth noting that these problems were collectively created in a bipartisan fashion — with mistakes being pretty evenly divided between the Clinton and Bush administrations.
What is more, most of the primary contributors to the Great Recession are still in place. Fed rates are near zero. Banks are still Too Big To Fail — Dodd-Frank certainly didn't end that. Very little has been fixed.
And there is little reason to believe any of these underlying issues will soon be addressed. Most of today's hot-button campaign issues (think income inequality, abortion, contraception, etc.) don't come close to addressing any of the fundamental problems.
Perhaps this would be something for President Obama and Congress to look into?
We're at IBM's HQ in upstate NY, where IBM will pit its monstrous Watson project (in the middle buzzer spot) against two Jeopardy greats, Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter. Watson has been in development for four years, and this is its first big public practice match before it goes on national TV in February for three matches against these giants of trivia. Unlike IBM's Deep Blue chess project in the 90s, which was pretty much pure math, Watson has to deal with the natural language and punny nature of real Jeopardy questions. IBM, ever the salesman, has thrown gobs of its fancy server hardware at the project, with 10 racks full of IBM Power 750 servers, stuffed with 15 terabytes of RAM and 2,880 processors operating at a collective 80 teraflops. IBM says it would take one CPU over two hours to answer a typical question, so this massive parallel processing is naturally key -- hopefully fast enough to buzz in before Ken and Brad catch on to the human-oriented questioning. We'll update this post as the match begins, and we'll have some video for you later in the day.
The Celtic defender was superb in the 3-3 draw with Manchester City.
Wednesday's Champions League clash between Celtic and Manchester City proved to be a classic as the sides played out a 3-3 draw at Celtic Park.
Two goals from Moussa Dembele and an own goal from Raheem Sterling put the home side into the lead on three separate occasions.
Undeterred, City hit back through goals from Fernandinho, Raheem Sterling and Nolito.
It is fair to say that neither defence was on top in the game as the two strike forces clearly dominated.
However, it appears that one defender in particular enjoyed himself and that was Celtic man Erik Sviatchenko.
Position Team Match Interception Won Mins Played Javier Mascherano DF Barcelona Borussia MG vs Barcelona 7 90 Erik Sviatchenko DF Celtic Celtic vs Man City 7 90 Thiago Alcántara MF Munich Atletico vs Munich 7 66 Lubomir Fejsa MF Benfica Napoli vs Benfica 6 82 Fernandinho MF Man City Celtic vs Man City 6 90
He managed to post seven interceptions in the game, which was the most managed by any player.
In fact, that impressive tally was the joint most managed by any player in all the Champions League games this week.
Only Barcelona star Javier Mascherano and Bayern Munich's Thiago Alcantara posted the same number.
That is impressive company indeed for the Celtic man and showed just how well he performed in the draw with City, despite conceding three goals.
SEE ALSO: Neil Lennon hails four Celtic stars after scintillating draw with Manchester City
Brendan Rodgers and his team will be hoping for more of the same when they take on Borussia Monchengladbach next time around.
I've talked about James Tiptree Jr. (Alice Sheldon) quite a bit over the past several years. I first encountered their work when I was, I believe, around nineteen years old, in the form of a handful of short stories gleaned from the internet. Folks had recommended them, you see, because when you're asking for science fiction about gender and sexuality, Tiptree is a requirement for getting acquainted with the kinds of things the field was doing during the New Wave and feminist movements in the late sixties and early seventies.
More importantly, the stories are still excellent. And still disturbingly on-point, with a frequent emphasis on the “disturbing” bit.
So, where do you start if you want to start reading Tiptree—which is a very good idea, given their position as namesake of a genre award for fiction exploring ideas about gender and as an individual whose own complex gender identity threw the field of sf into an uproar when revealed?
The first thing to note is that Alice Sheldon wrote under the names James Tiptree, Jr. and Raccoona Sheldon. While stories published under each name dealt with issues of gender, often the level of externalized rage and aggression is higher in the Raccoona stories; “The Screwfly Solution,” for example, is not a delicate or gentle representation of masculinity—but it is one that makes a stunning impact. There have been two recent omnibus collections that gather up much of Tiptree/Sheldon's work, both fiction and nonfiction: Her Smoke Rose up Forever and Meet Me at Infinity. The first is all short fiction, while the second also contains other work.
These books are pulling from a history of publications that spans twenty years from 1968 to 1988, generally a few stories every year. Tiptree/Sheldon was prolific, engaged, and provocative; there are eight initial short story collections and two novels that collect much of this work, distilled down into those two previously mentioned more recent books. (A list.)
So, let's start there. If you're new to Tiptree/Sheldon, Her Smoke Rose Up Forever is a solid place to begin. The novels, interestingly enough, are mostly regarded as forgettable. This is a writer whose primary mode was short fiction, and whose facility with the medium is hard to debate. All of these are damn good stories, even the ones that are a little “out of date” or are wrestling with the problems of gender and sexuality that were more on the cutting edge in the seventies and strike us as outmoded now.
Once you've picked up the collection, my instinct is to tell you to read the whole thing cover to cover. But if you just want a taste—to see what all the fuss is about—there are a few stories that have stuck with me over the years, that I've read repeatedly and never gotten tired of. Those are “The Screwfly Solution” (1977), “The Girl Who Was Plugged In” (1973), “The Women Men Don't See” (1973), “Houston, Houston, Do You Read?” (1976), and “Your Faces, O My Sisters! Your Faces Filled of Light!” (1976). Each of these stories approaches issues of society, gender, and otherness; each of them has a distinct point to make about the failings of patriarchal systems of engagement—it's just that they do it in different ways.
“The Screwfly Solution” and “Your Faces, O My Sisters! Your Faces Filled of Light!” are both Raccoona Sheldon stories. The first deals with the outbreak of a social turning where men have begun killing women at a genocidal rate, the twist being that it's caused by alien bioengineering. The second, one of the most disturbing of Sheldon's pieces, is about a young woman with a mental illness who believes herself to be in a safe, other, future world and escapes her hospital only to be brutally attacked as she tries to walk to the West.
These stories are unpleasant and cruel and unflinching; they're rough reads, and represent well some of the anger and fear of women living under the systems of patriarchy—the brutality of it, too. The Tiptree stories, by contrast, are interested in exploring issues of gender and otherness from a more removed perspective. “The Girl Who Was Plugged In” (1973) is widely considered an early contributor to the cyberpunk genre; it explores physicality, attractiveness, and embodiment using the story of a girl who is ugly, allowed through technology to live in a beautiful body. The underlying narrative of being stuck in a body that is repulsive to the person in question also has resonance with larger issues of gender and self.
“The Women Men Don't See” (1973) and “Houston, Houston, Do You Read?” (1976) are told by male protagonists who get a glimpse of the realities of women's lives. In “The Women Men Don't See,” the female lead and her daughter would rather go away with aliens than continue to take the chance of living on this planet any longer; he can't grasp why they'd do such a thing, but the reader certainly does. “Houston, Houston, Do You Read?” approaches the subject from the “battle of the sexes” standpoint: it's an all-female future, and these male astronauts end up there but can't be allowed to stay because of their aggression and irrationality. It turns a lot of gendered tropes about women's behavior on their head in a way that seems almost pat today but wasn't so much at the time of publication—among a lot of books where all-female futures were presented a ridiculous or dystopic (see Joanna Russ's essays about that particular subgenre of story).
There are, of course, quite a lot more stories and essays worth checking out by Tiptree/Sheldon—but these few should give the reader a good sampler of the kinds of things they'll encounter, as well as Tiptree/Sheldon's prose styles. While these stories aren't exactly unproblematic, as we say these days, they are intense, thoughtful, and provocative: full of sharp edges and hard questions and harder truths. I still think they're worth pursuing and considering, and I hope you will too.
Brit Mandelo is a writer, critic, and editor whose primary fields of interest are speculative fiction and queer literature, especially when the two coincide. She can be found on Twitter or her website.
An artistic reconstruction of Kumimanu biceae in size comparison to a human diver. Reconstruction by G. Mayr/Senckenberg Research Institute
When people think of penguins, their minds usually drift all the way down to the South Pole. But there's a spheniscid hotspot to be found on the way there. Thirteen of the world's 18 penguin species have been recorded around New Zealand and its waters. Nine breed there; three have made it their permanent home. None of these penguins, however, even approach the size of their recently discovered ancestor, Kumimanu biceae, whose fossil was found a few years ago at Hampden Beach, in the South Island's Otago region.
K. biceae wasn't just a whopper of a penguin—it was likely the largest one that ever lived. Its fossil has been dated to the late Paleocene epoch, sometime between 55.5.and 59.5 million years ago. Standing nearly six feet tall, and weighing around 220 pounds, it was around 33 times the size of the Little Blue Penguin, its strikingly cute descendent. Even the world's largest living penguin, the majestic Emperor Penguin, would have been dwarfed by this colossal bird.
Many millions of years ago, the seas were full of large, predatory marine reptiles. When they died out, in the early years of the period sometimes referred to as the Age of Mammals, a number of giant penguins evolved to take their place. This seems to have happened shortly after the birds became flightless divers—meaning K. biceae once went whizzing through the waters of the South Pacific, gobbling fish after fish as it went.
So, why don't we find mind-bogglingly large penguins waddling up and down the beaches of New Zealand today? The answer is in the water, researchers say. Around 33 million years ago, large marine mammals like tusked dolphins, whales, and seals—all of which had a hefty appetite for seafood—began to populate the world's oceans. Faced with the competition, penguin species got smaller, or died out altogether. Sad news for bird lovers—but probably quite a relief for the fish.
0 of 8
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
The NHL's Las Vegas expansion team finally has a name (Vegas Golden Knights). Now, it needs a head coach. Candidates could come from the ranks of former bench bosses, such as ex-Calgary Flames coach Bob Hartley. Former head coaches turned assistants, such as Kevin Dineen of the Chicago Blackhawks, could also merit attention.
On Nov. 23, Golden Knights owner Bill Foley told Sportsnet's David Amber (via the Hockey News' Jared Clinton) that general manager George McPhee has a list of six or seven coaching candidates. Some of them are currently employed with other NHL clubs, meaning McPhee must seek permission from those teams to speak with them.
Clinton also noted McPhee's interview with Amber's colleague Darren Millard, in which the Knights GM didn't rule out hiring someone without NHL experience.
The following slideshow ranks the best eight coaching candidates for the Vegas Golden Knights. We'll examine the key factors that could put them in the running for the job. Feel free to express your opinions on this topic in the comments section.
Dog breeders in Bowden, Alta., have their hands full right now after their Bernese mountain dog Dakota gave birth to 15 puppies.
It's been a busy couple weeks for owners Roland and Denise Sidler.
Listen to the full interview on the Homestretch:
Denise says she previously considered 11 puppies to be a big litter, as Dakota has already given birth to large litters of eight and 11 pups.
"She was just huge," she said. "She had a huge belly and we thought she had a few, but never so many puppies. We were just shocked."
But two weeks ago, the Sidlers weren't sure the puppies and their mother were going to make it.
Owner Roland Sidler sits with proud parents Dakota, right, and Bronco. (Allison Dempster/CBC)
Dakota had to undergo a C-section after she gave birth to only two dogs, but stayed in labour for several hours.
"We didn't want to lose Dakota so we rushed to the Innisfail vet clinic," she said, adding Dakota is recovering well from surgery.
Denise says the pups are a lot of work, but Bernese mountain dogs are great family pets.
"They need lots of milk. So, yeah, we were busy," said Denise. "The mom, Dakota, and us for sure."
"You sleep an hour and then go back to the puppies," said Roland.
The Canadian Kennel Club told the owners it was unusual to have such a big litter.
While a litter of 15 healthy puppies is big, the world record for a litter born to one dog is 24.
The puppies will stay with the Sidlers until mid-December and the couple is currently interviewing prospective owners.
The puppies may be a handful but they're not without benefit. The Sidlers plan to sell them for $1,700 each.
One Small Problem
Although they did omit the Harrier from the official catalog of prizes, at no point did Pepsi ever come right out and say, "Oh yeah, and that part about us somehow being authorized to issue fully functional, state-of-the-art military aircraft to anyone who drinks roughly 17,000 years' worth of soda? Totally not true!"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Aftermath
John Leonard, a 21-year-old business student from Seattle, saw that ad and immediately jumped off his couch, snapped his fingers, and declared, "Oh hell no! They're not getting away with this shit!"
Five months later, some unsuspecting Pepsi employee opened a package from Leonard and found inside 15 Pepsi Points, a $700,000 check (additional points could be purchased outright for 10 cents each), and an order form with the words "1 Harrier Jet" handwritten at the bottom of the "Item" column. While we're not sure whether the aforementioned employee then fainted, shat their pants, or just laughed hysterically at the absurd request for hours on end, one thing we know they definitely didn't do was send back a $33 million airplane they never had in the first place and that the U.S. government would never allow them, or anyone else, to ever possess in flyable condition anyway.
"We have an exclusive deal with Coke."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Instead of the plane, Pepsi mailed back some free coupons and an overly polite explanation that despite his impressive efforts (Leonard was able to convince five greedy investors to put up the cash and did already have a team of lawyers lined up for the legal battle that was inevitably about to ensue), he wasn't getting no stinkin' jet. But, instead of simply taking that news in stride and moving on to some other despicable get-rich scheme, Leonard responded with an ultimatum: Either send me my jet or I'll see you in court.
And that's how Pepsi's stupid throwaway joke at the end of an advertisement wound up keeping them tied up in court for three years. It wasn't until 1999 that a federal court finally made official a settlement in which Leonard agreed to withdraw his claim. Pepsi did not, at the end of all of that, have to buy the guy a jet, but did have to eat about $90,000 in legal fees defending the case. And this, kids, is why every commercial has to have a stupid disclaimer at the bottom, no matter how ridiculous the thing you're seeing onscreen.
Natural History Museum of Utah, NHMU Building Salt Lake City, Architecture, Architect, Images
Utah Natural History Museum : NHMU Building
Salt Lake City Architecture, USA – design by Ennead Architects
Natural History Museum of Utah : main page with current information
Nov 7, 2011
Natural History Museum of Utah Opening
Countdown to Opening / Natural History Museum of Utah
COUNTDOWN TO THE OPENING OF THE NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM OF UTAH DESIGNED BY TODD SCHLIEMANN / ENNEAD ARCHITECTS
photos © Stuart Ruckman
November, 2011 (Salt Lake City, UT) – Only eighteen days remain until the Natural History Museum of Utah unveils its new home designed by Todd Schliemann. The Museum will open its doors to the public on November 18th. Putting the final touches on this stunning new building are Ennead Architects of New York City and GSBS (Gillies Stransky Brems Smith) of Salt Lake City. Partners Schliemann and Don Weinreich have led the Ennead design team.
photo © Stuart Ruckman
12 Aug 2011
Natural History Museum of Utah Development
NHMU, University of Utah, USA
2008-11
Design: Ennead Architects, LLP with GSBS
NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM OF UTAH
DESIGNED BY TODD SCHLIEMANN/ENNEAD ARCHITECTS
TO OPEN THIS NOVEMBER IN SALT LAKE CITY
Salt Lake City, UT, August 9, 2011 – On a breathtaking 17-acre site overlooking the Salt Lake Valley, the stunning new home of the Natural History Museum of Utah is nearing completion.
Inspired by the State's singular landscape, Todd Schliemann has designed a commanding building, whose powerful profile and copper skin blend seamlessly into the foothills of the Wasatch Mountain Range.
photos © Stuart Ruckman
Architects of the Museum are Ennead Architects of New York City and GSBS (Gillies Stransky Brems Smith) of Salt Lake City. Partners Todd Schliemann and Don Weinreich led the Ennead design team. Look for its much-anticipated grand opening this November.
photos © Ben Lowry
Utah Museum of Natural History information from Ennead Architects
Ennead Architects
Previously:
Utah Museum of Natural History
UMNH, University of Utah
2008
Polshek Partnership with GSBS
UMNH images © Red Square, inc. for Polshek Partnership Architects, LLP and GSBS Architects
Aerial view of the Museum and its site at the foothills of the Wasatch Range: The 17-acre site is located on the high “bench” that marks the shoreline of ancient Lake Bonneville and offers breathtaking views in all directions.
The building rests on a series of terraces that step up the hill and lay along the contours of the site, with minimal disruption to the adjacent natural landscape. In addition, running and hiking trails in the immediate area are preserved and enhanced.
West Elevation: It its forms and materials, the building is conceived as an abstract extension and transformation of the land. Its material quality roots the building in the landscape by recalling Utah's geological and mineralogical history and expressing the design as natural form. Board-formed concrete at the base makes the transition from the earth to the manmade. Copper panels constitute the skin of the building, extending from the building's volume at angles that reference the geophysical processes that created the metal. The importance of this precious metal throughout human history makes powerful connections to the narrative and educational mission of the Museum, and the site's proximity to the Kennecott Copper Mine across the valley and the use of this local material reinforces the Museum's connection to its context.
The standing seam copper façade is articulated in horizontal bands of various heights to emulate geological stratification on the building skin. Small amounts of copper alloys, such as copper-zinc and copper-tin, enhance the subtle variegation of the copper's natural patina. Combined in a dynamic interplay with the concrete of the building's base, these materials display the character of the Museum from all vantage points, visible not only from the main building approach, but from the hiking trails above and the city below.
View of the Canyon: Within this canyon-like main public space, bridges and vertical circulation organize the visitor sequence, views south across the basin orient the museumgoer and the grand vertical scale uplifts and inspires. Contained within are: the “collections wall,” a multi-story glass vitrine, which displays and interprets artifacts found in the Museum's collection; “Trailhead” exhibits and information; and a relief map of the region, which is embedded in the floor. Shafts of sunlight penetrate the apex of the Canyon, suffusing the space with natural light and beckoning visitors to ascend to the galleries.
Utah Museum of Natural History architects : Polshek Partnership
Utah Museum of Natural History Unveils Design on May 15, 2008
The design by Polshek Partnership Architects / GSBS Architects embodies the Museum's educational and scientific mission and is emblematic of the landscape and culture of Utah.
May 15, 2008 (Salt Lake City, Utah) – The Utah Museum of Natural History at the University of Utah unveils the design for its new museum at 10:30am in the Orangerie at Red Butte Garden. Architects for the building are Polshek Partnership Architects of New York City and Gillies Stransky Brems Smith Architects (GSBS) of Salt Lake City.
Leading the design team are Design Partner Todd Schliemann, Management Partner Don Weinreich, and Associate Partner for Design Thomas Wong from Polshek Partnership Architects. Partner-In-Charge David Brems, Project Manager John Branson, and Project Architect Valerie Nagasawa lead the team for GSBS Architects. Ralph Appelbaum Associates of New York is responsible for Exhibit Planning and Design, and Design Workshop of Salt Lake City is responsible for landscaping.
Polshek Partnership is known internationally for design excellence across a range of building types. Its work in the museum world includes the American Museum of Natural History Rose Center for Earth and Space, the Clinton Presidential Center, the Brooklyn Museum Expansion and the New York Hall of Science. GSBS has been at the forefront of sustainable design for more than three decades. Their Utah Olympic Speed Skating Oval became one of the first 13 buildings worldwide designated as LEED-certified.
“This award-winning design team for the new Utah Museum of Natural History has created a building that is certain to inspire, excite and educate the community and its visitors about the natural world,” said Director of the Museum, Sarah George. “With the new design we're allowing people to connect with the wild lands backed up against the heritage preserve. People wanted the ability to connect to this place, the valley, the basin and the Rockies.”
The design for the new Utah Museum of Natural History embodies the institution's educational and scientific mission to inspire wonder and discovery of the natural world and the place of humans in it. The Museum will be the “trailhead” for the State of Utah. The architecture, together with the collections housed within, will create an inspirational visitor experience and encourage curiosity and inquiry. This new building will provide long needed space to exhibit, interpret and study Museum's extraordinary collection of artifacts as well as explore and articulate, for the general public, the delicate balance of life on earth and its natural history. It will also provide advanced research facilities and establish a venue for undergraduate and graduate education at the University of Utah.
The Utah Museum of Natural History is going through the LEED Certification process and is registered to be a LEED Gold Certified project. Based on the architects' and the Museum's commitment to sustainable design, numerous green features have been integrated into the design including: minimal disruption to the site; retention of storm water by means of planted roofs and detention takes below the parking area; enhancement and restoration of running and hiking trails; high quality indoor air; use of recycled and recyclable building materials; future integration of photovoltaic arrays; high performance mechanical systems; high performance building envelope and glazing.
picture from architect
At the foothills of the Wasatch Range above the Shoreline Trail, the 17-acre site occupies a prominent place at the edge of the City and University of Utah campus. Located on the high “bench” that marks the shoreline of ancient Lake Bonneville, the prehistoric pluvial lake that covered much of the Great Basin, the site offers breathtaking views of the Great Salt Lake, the Oquirrhs mountain range, the Kennecott copper mines, Mount Olympus and Salt Lake City in the basin below. “We believe we have created a powerful new architectural identity for the Utah Museum of Natural History. Resonating with the Museum's mission and the extraordinary opportunities of the location, we have designed a building, whose openness and spatial development are emblematic of the landscape and culture of Utah,” said Design Partner Todd Schliemann of Polshek Partnership. “The site, with its wonderful views of the basin and range, provides an exceptional opportunity to create architecture that will excite and inspire Salt Lake City's visitors and community.”
Groundbreaking for the Utah Museum of Natural History at The Rio Tinto Center is scheduled for July 2008. The building is scheduled to open in winter of 2010-11.
Location:University of Utah ‘
Utah Museum of Natural History Design Team
Ennead Architects
Polshek Partnership Architects renamed in Nov 2010 as Ennead Architects
GSBS
GSBS Architects is a 90-person firm offering architecture, landscape architecture, interior design and planning services through offices in Salt Lake City, Utah and Fort Worth, Texas. GSBS Architects has designed six LEED-certified buildings, including one of the first LEED certified buildings in the world, the 2002 Olympic Ice Oval. A recognized leader in sustainable design, GSBS has built an impressive portfolio of environmentally responsible projects dating back to the 1970's: projects that include homes, office buildings, recreation centers, etc. A good recent example is the award-winning Escalante Visitors Center which is LEED Gold, has a zero carbon footprint and includes a photo-voltaic array.
Ralph Appelbaum Associates
Exhibition designer for the Utah Museum is Ralph Appelbaum Associates (RAA). The firm is best known for large-scale, permanent museum projects requiring a marriage of complex educational content with physical environments that are at once compelling and smoothly operational. Other projects cover a wide range of services that address special needs and special phases in institutional or corporate development. RAA's projects in natural history include the Fourth-floor Fossil Halls, Hall of Biodiversity, Hall of Planet Earth, and Hall of the Universe at the American Museum of Natural History; the Craig Thomas Discovery Center at Grand Teton National Park; the Science Center at the University of Arizona (in progress); and the Dallas Museum of Science (also in progress). Other major projects include the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Newseum, the new Corning Museum of Glass, and the National World War I Museum. RAA has been the recipient of more than 130 major design awards for its work over the past three decades and has collaborated with the Polshek office on the Rose Center for Earth and Space, the William Jefferson Clinton Presidential Center; the new Newseum, and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Center (in progress).
Design Workshop
Founded in 1969, Design Workshop is an award-winning firm practicing landscape architecture, land planning, urban design and strategic services. By merging artistic vision, environmental sensitivity, community values and sound economics, Design Workshop creates compelling places that stand the test of time and leave a legacy for future generations. DW Legacy Design® is one of the defining characteristics of Design Workshop's practice; it is a commitment to more than land planning and landscape architecture in the traditional sense. It suggests a level of inquiry that is elevated and a design agenda that tackles bigger issues than the project and its mapped boundaries. Legacy Design insists that the designs reflect the critical issues facing the planning and landscape architecture professions and society. The firm, which has been honored with more than 120 awards for design and planning, has offices in Aspen, CO; Asheville, N.C; Austin; Denver, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, and South Lake Tahoe.
About The Utah Museum of Natural History
The Utah Museum of Natural History, an active research institution located at the University of Utah, is the state's natural history museum and cares for over 1.5 million objects. In addition to providing unique natural history experiences to Utah residents through exhibits, special events, and programs on site, the museum offers a variety of outreach programs to communities and schools, reaching every district in the state during the year. For more information, visit www.umnh.utah.edu.
Utah Architecture
Utah Architecture Designs
Utah Buildings
Emigration Canyon Residence
Design: Sparano + Mooney Architecture
photography : Dennis Mecham, Dustin Aksland and Sparano + Mooney Architecture
Emigration Canyon Residence in Utah
Reddish Residence
Design: Sparano + Mooney Architecture
photograph : Scot Zimmerman
Reddish Residence in Park City
Topaz Museum, Delta
Design: Sparano + Mooney Architecture
photography : Brian Buroker and Sparano + Mooney Architecture
Topaz Museum in Delta
Summit Haus, Utah, 230 Parkview Drive, Summit Park
Architects: Park City Design+Build
image Courtesy architecture office
Summit Haus in Park City
Kimball Art Center, Park City
Design: BIG + Architectural Nexus
image : BIG
Kimball Art Center Utah
Utah Museum of Natural History, University of Utah
Design: Ennead Architects, LLP with GSBS
photo © Stuart Ruckman
Natural History Museum of Utah
SixtyNine-Seventy, The Spaces Between: An Urban Ideas Competition, Salt Lake City
image from organisers
Utah Architecture Competition
Salt Lake City Design Competition – AIA Utah Design/Build Contest
picture from AIA Utah
Utah Design Competition
American Museum Buildings
American Architecture
Museum Buildings
American Museum Buildings
Grand Rapids Art Museum, Michigan
Steve Hall@Hedrich Blessing
Saint Louis Art Museum, Missouri
image courtesy of the Saint Louis Art Museum
Architecture in Neighbouring States to Utah
Illinois Buildings
Iowa Buildings
Michigan Buildings
Comments / photos for the Utah Museum of Natural History – NHMU Building page welcome
Utah Museum Building
Website: USA
Rs 2465.21 crore
What is it? The amount of equity infusion in Air India during financial year ending today.
Why is it important? This is 8% of the total equity of Rs30,231 crore planned till 2021 by the government as part of Air India's turnaround plan. Public money keeping the airlines afloat has been a bone of contention as Air India recently came under the Comptroller and Auditor General scanner, which accused it of understating losses as recently as 2014-15 (Rs1,992.77 crore).
Tell me more: The government carrier has been getting government funds regularly and so far received nearly 82% of the proposed bailout.
300 million
What is it? The number of people living with depression worldwide.
Why is it important? The number has grown by over 18% between 2005 and 2015, but healthcare spends to combat depression is low. The World Health Organisation says global average is 3% of healthcare spends but low-income countries see only 1% of total spends. But high-income countries with 5% health expenditure do not necessarily fare better in treating depression, as nearly 50% go untreated in such countries.
Tell me more: Stigma and lack of support for people with mental disorders aggravate the loss of productivity and quality of life due to depression, one of the more prevalent mental afflictions.
1 GB a second
What is it? The speed of Internet through wired broadband services provided by ACT Fibernet in Hyderabad.
Why is it important? This puts Hyderabad in a club of a handful city with such internet speed, which includes Seoul (South Korea), Hong Kong, Singapore, Kansas (US). Even though it is being seen as a large stride towards the Telangana government's aim to connect its 23 million citizens to the Internet by 2018, the delivery mode might prove a hurdle. The enviable speed might be thwarted by the low adoption of wired delivery of broadband services. Of the 236 million broadband subscribers in December, 2016, wired connections accounted for around 7% (8% if fixed wireless was considered).
Tell me more: The Giga speed is expected to enable Internet downloads faster than transferring data from a USB drive.
78%
What is it? The percentage of primary and upper primary schools in Odisha that doesn't have power connectivity.
Why is it important? With temperature already touching 43 degrees Celsius in some parts of the state, the lack of electricity in 40,087 of the 51,094 primary and upper primary schools indicate serious lack of basic infrastructure for students. In 20 of the 30 districts in the state, each school have at least 1,000 students.
Tell me more: In another instance, 60% of the 2,739 schools in Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh have no overhead tanks with running water facility.
31
What is it? The number of new cities that will have air connectivity via the government's UDAN (Ude Desh Ka Aam Naagrik or ‘Let the common man fly') scheme. A total of 128 routes covering 71 cities were announced on Thursday.
Why is it important? This will bring more air passengers from smaller cities at affordable prices. Under UDAN, half the seats will be capped at Rs2,500 for flight journeys that take up to an hour. Eighty per cent of the loss from this price ceiling will be funded by levying cess on non-regional routes, and rest by state governments.
Tell me more: Around 1.3 million new seats will be created from these 128 routes, with a subsidy bill of ₹ 200 crore each year.
howindialives.com is a search engine for public data
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Paul Moss in Tunis says the situation there is "very serious indeed"
Three people have been killed in clashes between hundreds of demonstrators and security forces in the Tunisian capital, authorities say.
Police used tear gas, batons and live ammunition to disperse demonstrators outside the interior ministry in Tunis.
Police and masked men in civilian clothes, armed with sticks, moved through streets looking for protesters.
The protest comes a day after police cleared huge crowds from the streets demanding the prime minister resign.
That was the biggest rally since President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali fled after weeks of unrest.
The fighting went on for several hours on Saturday, as protesters tried to storm the interior ministry, right in the centre of Tunis, and police repeatedly repelled their attacks, says the BBC's Paul Moss in Tunis.
In a statement, the interior ministry said: "Three people died from the dozen who were wounded during clashes and were transferred to hospital for treatment... Several members of the security forces were wounded to different degrees," it said without giving a number.
The statement added more than 100 people were arrested on Saturday and almost 90 had been arrested on Friday.
That follows one reported death in Friday's clashes, during which police fired tear gas and warning shots to disperse demonstrators.
Sudden trouble
Image caption Police used tear gas as well as batons and live ammunition to disperse demonstrators
The stench of tear gas again filled the main shopping street in Tunis on Saturday, our correspondent said.
The trouble flared very suddenly - people out shopping found themselves caught up in the confrontation, women carrying heavy bags running for cover with handkerchiefs clutched to their mouths, he added.
Several members of the security forces ran into the lobby of a hotel, yelling at startled customers drinking coffee to return to their rooms or leave the hotel immediately, he said.
The interim government of PM Mohammed Ghannouchi, who had served under ousted President Ben Ali since 1999, has promised elections by mid-July.
Although Mr Ghannouchi has introduced some reforms and removed a number of controversial cabinet members, protesters remain angry that figures from Mr Ben Ali's authoritarian government remain in the interim cabinet.
LIVE: Third England v NZ ODI
England pacemen Chris Jordan and Liam Plunkett have been ruled out of the remainder of the one-day series against New Zealand, the England and Wales Cricket Board announced on Saturday.
Sussex all-rounder Jordan has a side strain while Yorkshire fast bowler Plunkett has a thigh strain and both will miss the final three games of a five-match series with the Blackcaps.
"Both players will now undergo a rehabilitation program and their response to treatment over the coming days will determine the timescale for a return to competitive cricket," an ECB statement said.
Jordan's figures of one for 97 against New Zealand at The Oval on Friday were the second worst by an England player in all one-day internationals.
Somerset all-rounder Craig Overton was added to England's squad as injury cover for Jordan.
Overton has attracted plenty of interest in his potential // Getty Images
The 21-year-old Overton has played just 15 senior one-day matches for Somerset and while his figures may not be that impressive - he averages just 10.54 with the bat and 54.20 with the ball - he is regarded as one of the most promising young talents in the English game.
A decision on who will replace Plunkett is "expected to be made in the next 24 hours", the ECB said.
England and World Cup finalists New Zealand are currently all square at 1-1 in a five-match series after the tourists won by 13 runs under the Duckworth/Lewis method at The Oval.
The series continues at Southampton tonight from 7.30pm AEST. Follow live coverage here!
Three Colorado bishops said on Thursday they will review a Catholic Church hospital's defense of a lawsuit that argues fetuses do not have legal status – apparently contradicting the Church's teaching on life issues.
The case stems from a malpractice and wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jeremy Stodghill in the 2006 death of his seven-month pregnant wife Lori at a Catholic hospital in Canon City, Colorado. Her twin fetuses also died.
Stodghill filed the suit against Colorado-based Catholic Health Initiatives, which operates hospitals in 14 states, claiming physicians made no effort to save the fetuses by performing a cesarean section.
In its defense, counsel for the hospital said that under Colorado law, a fetus is not a person and that the twins likely would not have survived even with an emergency C-section.
In a letter, Denver Archbishop Samuel Aquila, Colorado Springs Bishop Michael Sheridan and Pueblo Bishop Fernando Isern said that Catholic institutions had “a duty to protect and foster human life,” which they said begins at conception.
“No Catholic institution may legitimately work to undermine fundamental human dignity,” the statement said.
The bishops said that they would carry out a “full review of this litigation and of the policies and practices … to ensure fidelity and faithful witness to the teachings of the Catholic Church.”
Two lower courts sided with the hospital group, and Stodghill has appealed to the Colorado Supreme Court, which has not yet decided if it will hear the case.
(Editing by Tim Gaynor, John Stonestreet)
“Hell on Earth: the Fall of Syria and the Rise of ISIS” is now the fourth full-length documentary I have seen on Syria and the one I now regard as the best introduction to the conflict. Unlike “Return to Homs”, “City of Ghosts” and “Last Men in Aleppo” that were directed by Syrian partisans of the revolution, “Hell on Earth” is co-directed by Sebastian Junger, an American, and Nick Quested, a Briton, whose emphasis is primarily on the humanitarian disaster but within the context of a powerful attack on the Baathist dictatorship. They made the wise choice of drawing on analysis from Robin Yassin-Kassab who offers a running commentary in the film on how Assad used extreme violence and sectarianism to help subdue a popular movement. Yassin-Kassab co-wrote “Burning Country” with Leila al-Sham, a book that is the film's counterpart. If I were asked by someone trying to puzzle out the six year war in Syria, I would recommend both “Burning Country” and “Hell on Earth”, a film that is now available as VOD (sources at the end of the review.)
The film provides extensive evidence of the mass character of the protest movement in Syria that began in March 2011, with a close look at the victimization of 15 teenage boys who were arrested after painting graffiti on the walls of Daraa, a city widely viewed as the birthplace of the revolution: “As-Shaab / Yoreed / Eskaat el nizam!”, which means “The people / want / to topple the regime!” One of the youths walks through the streets of Daraa showing where they had used spray paint to demand Assad's fall. He, like the others, had been tortured in jail for a month and then released to his parents who were part of the Sunni tribal network that was the sinew of Daraa. Their suffering, including having their fingernails torn out, incensed their parents and most of the city's residents who began to protest in the streets raising the central demands of the movement: for justice, for dignity and for freedom. As could have been expected, Assad's snipers began firing on the demonstrations, footage of which is included in the film.
This pattern was repeated across Syria–in Homs, in Aleppo, in Hama and in the suburbs of Damascus. Continued armed attacks on peaceful protests finally reached the breaking point when soldiers began to defect and form militias to defend the people both in the streets and in their homes. We hear from a number of the men who helped to form the FSA in 2011, an armed movement that had no political agenda except to “topple the regime” as the 15 boys from Daraa had hoped.
Within two years, the regime had adopted genocidal-like tactics including barrel bombing and other forms of aerial attacks against which the rebels had no defense. Syria was rapidly becoming a hell on earth, as Yassin-Kassab put it at one point in the film, hence its apt title.
In August 2013, the dictatorship used sarin gas against the people of East Ghouta, a Damascus suburb composed mostly of the Sunni working poor, many of whom were formerly small farmers driven to leave drought-stricken land when government support dried up as well. The film takes a close look at Obama's failure to take action against Assad despite his “red flag” warnings. While it is reasonable to assume that Junger and Quested would have agreed with John McCann and Dennis Ross, who are among the film's imperialist-minded enemies of Assad, that Obama betrayed the Syrians by not following through with a military intervention, there was likely little chance of this happening. By this point, Obama was well on his way to developing rapprochement with Iran and the last thing he needed was to deploy American power on behalf of the “former farmers or teachers or pharmacists” he derided. All that was really needed was to remove the CIA agents from the Syrian border who had been stationed there to prevent the shipment of MANPAD's from Libya to the rebels who needed them desperately. I am sure that a pharmacist with sufficient training could have put a Russian-made SA-7 to good use taking down the helicopters that were dropping barrel bombs on hospitals, schools, apartment buildings and everything that moved in places like East Aleppo.
What sets “Hell on Earth” apart from the standard Frontline type documentary on PBS is the inclusion of two brothers and their families who had fled East Aleppo to get away from the constant onslaught of Syrian and Russian aerial bombardment. Radwan and Marwan Mohammed were given video cameras by Junger and Quested so they could describe what it was like to be part of the half of the Syrian population that had been displaced from their homes. Crowded into what looks like a concrete shed, they are caught in limbo since they are now in ISIS territory. Like the Syrian refugees in “Lost in Lebanon”, they are motivated primarily by the need to survive rather than to take part in an armed struggle. (The film explicitly refers to the war as a necessary step taken by Assad to preempt the possibility for peaceful reforms.)
The two brothers are probably like most Syrians today, people longing for peace and normalcy. In choosing to impose the law of the jungle on a preeminently civilized and peaceful society, Assad has nearly won but at what price? He has carried out what Tacitus once described: “To ravage, to slaughter, to usurp under false titles, they call empire; and where they make a desert, they call it peace.”
The second half of the film deals with the rise of ISIS and is exceptionally good. It is the first attempt I have seen to describe the origins of the death cult in terms of the persecution of Sunnis in Iraq. “Hell on Earth” comes pretty close to the version of events presented in Michael Weiss and Hassan Hassan's book on ISIS.
If the beheadings carried out by ISIS in the Middle East and the knife attacks by its supporters in Europe lend themselves to hysterical news reports in the West, the film reminds us that torture and ghastly executions took place in civilized England as well. If you were convicted of treason in 13th century England, punishment took the form of hanging (almost to the point of death), emasculation, disembowelment, beheading and being chopped into four pieces. The remains of the body were often displayed on London Bridge. Maybe that's where the ISIS supporters got the idea for stabbing people at random on the same bridge.
Drawing upon ISIS's own recruitment videos, “Hell on Earth” makes it clear that the message is much more evocative of video games and Hollywood action movies than Wahhabist theology. In fact, even though the film does not specifically state this, you can only conclude that the jihadists must have studied the recruitment commercials for the Marines that crop up during football games. For an 18 year old man, testosterone speaks much louder than longings for a Caliphate.
Director Sebastian Junger is a capable writer as well as a filmmaker. “The Perfect Storm”, his book about swordfish fishermen killed in a freak gale, was a best-seller and made into a very good film starring George Clooney. He also directed “Restrepo”, a documentary about the futility of the American intervention in Afghanistan, where “isolationist” Donald Trump has provided a blank check to the military to increase its numbers.
To watch “Hell on Earth”, there are various options. If you have basic cable, go to the National Geographic website and play “full episode”. You will then be prompted to sign in to your cable provider, such as Verizon, and watch the film for free.
If you don't have cable, you can now buy the film for $9.99 on iTunes or Youtube and for $11.99 on Amazon. ITunes states that the film will be available for rent on June 20th, which probably means $4.99. I assume that it will be rentable on Youtube and Amazon on that date as well. In any case, this is a film you should recommend to friends and co-workers who have not really been following events there for the past 6 years. While the film is not agitprop by any stretch of the imagination, you will be left with the conclusion that Assad, Putin and their allies in Iran and Hizbollah are carrying out the dirtiest war of the 21st Century. How things will eventually play out in Syria cannot be determined at this point but it is in the interests of peace and social justice for as many Americans to know the truth about Syria just as it was for us to know about the origins of the war in Vietnam just over a half-century ago. The days of the teach-in might be long gone but a film like “Hell on Earth” serves the same purpose: to educate people so they can take intelligent action.
Credit: WWE.com
Brock Lesnar is the current reigning and defending WWE World Heavyweight champion. The man known as The Beast Incarnate is perhaps the most physically dominant champion that fans have seen in quite some time thanks to how he has been presented.
But despite how untouchable he seems and how strong he looked against John Cena, the fact is that some fans are likely very critical of his limited work schedule. However, it is that schedule that will actually strengthen the company's top prize.
It's a criticism that fans have surely made many times in the past: WWE's penchant for using seasoned veterans as part-time Superstars. From Chris Jericho to Rob Van Dam to The Rock, several past champions have returned to the fold in WWE. Each man has contributed, and each man has been given an ample amount of spotlight.
Credit: WWE.com
Jericho is used mostly to help younger Superstars, most notably Fandango and Bray Wyatt. Rob Van Dam is utilized fairly regularly, perhaps more for his star power in matches against guys like Cesaro. The Rock was brought back as a top-level main event star, used against Cena at WrestleMania 28 and 29.
But Lesnar is a different animal altogether. He is a veteran, but he has not been used to get younger talents over and is not utilized regularly on TV. Lesnar is a main event killing machine, and he does nothing but bring attention to the WWE product every time he comes back.
His combination of power, athleticism and intensity sets him apart from all other Superstars. His ability to make an immediate impact the moment he hits the ring is unlike any fans have ever seen.
Though his first run back in 2000 only lasted four years and his current run has been on and off for the past two years, the fact is that Lesnar is the man that WWE wants. The company obviously has faith in him, especially considering that he is the newly crowned champion of the world.
Credit: WWE.com
But WWE's faith was truly shown at WrestleMania 30 when Lesnar beat The Undertaker and ended The Streak.
For 21 WrestleManias, The Deadman was victorious. With each passing year, Taker's legacy grew, and his legend became more storied. And all of that came to an end at WrestleMania 30 thanks to Lesnar. The Beast Incarnate conquered The Phenom and brought his undefeated streak at the Showcase of the Immortals to an end.
Lesnar took the biggest win of his career and all the momentum it carried with it straight to the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. The company now has The Beast in the top spot, right where it wants him.
But even though he is in that top spot, he is still a part-time Superstar. And the truth is that's a good thing.
Credit: WWE.com
The frustration that some fans have with this type of scenario is understandable. Indeed, after Lesnar won the belt, many of the WWE faithful likely had flashbacks of The Rock appearing live via satellite. However, that should not be the concern now. This title change is not just about getting Lesnar over; it's about getting the championship over as well.
Lesnar will almost certainly not be seen as often as past champions like CM Punk. And he certainly will not be seen several times during the course of each program the way Cena typically is. That will cause his appearances to mean more.
Lesnar will be more valuable, and his time on TV will be much more anticipated than if he were there every week. He has no chance of being overexposed, and the truth is that he could be viewed more as an old-school champion than probably anyone else in recent memory.
Much like the NWA world champion back when Jim Crockett Promotions was running in the 1980s, Lesnar's TV time will be precious. Televised title defenses should be prohibited entirely. Lesnar should be used now as he always has been—as a big-fight performer.
With Paul Heyman speaking in his absence and WWE running vignettes, Lesnar will not be forgotten. He will also not have the heat that perhaps Rocky had, as Lesnar is a heel and not expected to make anyone happy.
Lesnar can essentially come to work and just destroy at will. And when he's done, he can just leave once more.
This will do nothing but strengthen the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. It will be viewed as a true top title, and the matches worked to earn it will further legitimize Lesnar's reign. The Beast will become an even hotter commodity than he is now, and the strap around his waist will be worth even more.
'Law and Order' star Mariska Hargitay testifies to Congress about Rape Kits and Sexual Violence. (Published Friday, June 16, 2017)
Mariska Hargitay, who plays the tough, dogged lead on "Law & Order: SVU," testified on behalf of real-life rape survivors Friday in front of a task force on sexual violence in the Capitol.
Hargitay's Joyful Heart Foundation has led a national campaign to pass legislation ending backlogs in processing rape kits.
She teared up while concluding her remarks, thanking the members of Congress from both parties she was speaking to for their attention on behalf of survivors across the country.
"The numbers don't lie. Testing all kids solves crimes and saves lives," she said. "A survivor's legislative district should not determine the outcome of their case or their right to information."
Florida Faces Rape Kit Backlog
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement says more than 13,000 rape test kits around the state have not been submitted for processing, a backlog that could take years and tens of millions of dollars to correct. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 5, 2016)
Advocates say thousands of kits containing DNA evidence sit untested in labs across the country, and only eight states today have laws requiring testing on current or backlogged kits, meaning that testing can be left up to the discretion of individuals.
"Although we have seen progress, there is much more work to be done," Hargitay said.
She is also in Washington for the premiere of an HBO documentary she produced on the subject called "I Am Evidence."
Learn more about the Joyful Heart Foundation's efforts at endthebacklog.com.
"Law & Order: SVU" star
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Two well-known columnists -- Ben Shapiro and Walter Williams -- criticize the left's love affair with Islam this week. In his column, Shapiro says that the left aligns with Islam because both want to destroy western civilization. Williams defends the west's values against those on the left who claim all cultures are equally valid, and he points to slavery, female genital mutilation, anti-Semitism, the stoning of women and the murder of homosexuals in Islamic countries as proof.
Both men warn that multiculturalism is a threat to the west. That's true, but it's important to understand why multiculturalism has become so destructive.
First, multiculturalism has devolved to the point where other human beings are viewed as exotic pets. Some years ago, I attended an academic conference in which scholars discussed the fate of indigenous peoples in South America. Unsurprisingly, speakers denounced the "western patriarchy" that forces our value structure and economic system on these tribes, and argued that the primitive peoples must be permitted to preserve their ways of life.
But their proposed solutions sounded more like "forced" than "permitted." There was to be no cultural exchange with these peoples -- including such basics as infrastructure or medicines. As it happened, I had just read articles in National Geographic in which native Amazonians explained their need for paved roads to get crops to market, and praised eyeglasses for improving their vision for hunting and fishing. Yes, they wanted to preserve certain aspects of their culture. But they wanted to decide what the best mix of "old" and "new" would be.
I asked my colleagues, "Isn't it patriarchal for us to decide how and whether these peoples should advance? If they decide that they want paved roads, penicillin, eyeglasses and Coca-Cola, who are we -- who already enjoy these things -- to tell them no? It's as if we want to keep them primitive for our benefit -- because it makes us feel better to know they're there, like some sort of third-world zoo."
In fact, condescension is behind much of what passes for multiculturalism today. It takes a special kind of cruelty to watch other human beings suffer with afflictions and under conditions that have been solved elsewhere, and to call such detachment "cultural sensitivity."
Second, appreciation for different cultures tends to require a set of absolute values; for example, the ability to acknowledge things as "beautiful" or "beneficial." Now we're told that there are no such absolutes. Furthermore, that admiration often results in the widespread sharing of certain aspects of other cultures' ways of dress, art, music, cuisine or worship. That is now denounced as "cultural appropriation." Meanwhile, legitimately backwards, harmful, destructive or violent practices are ignored under the guise of multiculturalism.
Finally, what's behind the current flavor of multiculturalism for some hardcore leftists is hatred of Judeo-Christianity and rejection of its God. This is evident not only in their treatment of observant Christians and Jews (especially their views on Israel, as Shapiro notes), but in their attack on science and truth.
In the absence of an absolute, there is no "truth"; there is only "power" and "personal narrative." Thus does good become bad, wrong become right, ugliness come to be hailed as beauty. A human baby in utero is "just a clump of cells." Killing it becomes a "human right." Teaching small children how to perform sex acts becomes "education." A man becomes a woman (and vice-versa) by proclaiming that (s)he feels like one.
Anyone who says otherwise -- first and foremost the God of Jews and Christians -- is the enemy.
Why the deference to Islam, then? While there are notable exceptions (Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens and Bill Maher, for example), Islam is often insulated from criticism by the left out of cowardice. Others (as Shapiro notes), see fellow travelers in Islam's battle with the west. But there are many who afford Islam protection under the label of "multiculturalism" because Allah is no more real to them than are Zeus or Cupid. In short, they tolerate Islam because they don't think it's true -- but they despise Judeo-Christianity because they fear that it is.
This is not a godless worldview as much as it is a worldview in which every man is his own God. The Book of Psalms tells us, "The fool says in his heart, 'There is no God.'"
And we wonder why so many in our culture are so foolish.
Head Coach Art Briles
Opening Statement:
"It was just what we expected going into Manhattan against a very well-coached football team with quite a bit of purpose on mind--not just as a football team, but as a university. We got what we expected out of our team, particularly on the offensive side with five new starters going on the road for the first time with the quarterback and center being two of them. I thought those guys handled the situation extremely well, and we felt all along that Bryce's demeanor and poise would show and I thought he was exceptional for a road game of that atmosphere. It was a complete team win."
On expectations for Iowa State:
"Anytime you get in conference play, anything can happen because everybody's got history with each other. We're playing people we've played for a long time, we recruit against, we've got history against, and we know a lot of their players and coaches and schemes and how they approach things from a philosophical standpoint. That blends to having these types of games you get into in conference play. They're a good, tough football team that plays extremely well."
On Baylor's consistently powerful QB position:
"I like guys that are competitors and I like guys that are fearless and that are very intelligent. I also like guys that are mature. The thing that impresses me about Bryce is that he has waited his turn and he's done it the right way by improving while he's not playing--both mentally and physically. I think that's critical in his development and everybody's story is different."
On the importance of tempo in practice:
"That's just how we practice. It's what we do. It's what we've done and when we get in the game it's actually slower and it should be slower. We want our games to be like practice: we want to see like we've seen and we want to react like we've reacted. Then we'll make plays like we want to make plays."
On the eighth official:
"It's got pros and cons. I think it has helped speed up the game which is what we wanted. That's why I voted yes on it. It's a lot cleaner, smoother and smarter from an official standpoint. Those guys can see more and there's not as much of a chance of them getting hurt because it's dangerous in there. From that standpoint it's been good, but it has increased some calls and that's evident. That's just the way it is. The tradeoff is good."
On the game against Kansas State:
"I just knew we weren't going to lose that game. I don't know if it was composure or what, but I think it was the confidence to know that we have a really good team. Being here for four years and seeing the guys work and seeing where we've been and where we're going to now. You know for me in that kind of situation, I've been waiting four years for this."
On Iowa State:
"I think we have similar offenses in a way. I think we've played Iowa State enough to where we kind of know what they're going to do. Again at the end of the day it's about Baylor for us. From an offensive standpoint, it's always about us going out to execute, us going out to produce the way we know how. It starts with practice the week before. It starts with game planning and watching film."
On the Baylor receivers:
"Those guys do a great job. They make my job easy. When you think about the passes we've completed and how open they are, it says a lot about how talented they really are. It doesn't come to any surprise on game day just seeing how they practice and how they work. For me it's just settling down, taking a deep breath and letting it fly, because they're going to get it."
On what to expect from Iowa State:
"They're willing to take a chance. They play like they have nothing to lose. When you go up against a team like that, you have to know that they will be giving out the same shots as us. We are expecting our kind of trick plays and deep routes. We know they are going to test our secondary. Last year when we went up to Ames, Iowa, we didn't do a good job controlling the secondary. I'm not going to say that they destroyed us, but they had a pretty good game against us. We have to come back out and show them that this is not the same secondary we had last year."
On playing at home:
"It's a lot of fun. When you run out of the tunnel the first thing you see is the Baylor Line being so loud and so rowdy. Then you see the crowd and everybody cheering. It's just a great atmosphere. You know everyone in the stands is rooting for you. It's like a big family reunion."
Tevin Reese, WR
On him and Antwan Goodley being the go-to guys:
"That's what Antwan and I talked about going into the season, not worrying about having one go-to guy this season. We wanted to tell Bryce (Petty) to throw it to multiple receivers than just me and Antwan. It's a blessing because it was one of the things that we wanted."
On the receiving game slowing down:
"I hope not, but Coach (Briles) gives us the best opportunities and positions to make great plays. They stay multiple hours up here after practice looking at film and stuff like that. They do a great job getting us a scheme out there and we execute."
On Baylor being coined "Wide Receiver U":
"We've been developing over the last couple of years. Coach Briles has done a great job recruiting. I think that is what has helped us so far."
On having to step up as a go-to receiver:
"I knew for sure. They told me all the time. After losing (Terrence Williams) everyone was saying that Baylor wasn't going to be good, that we had to replace him somehow. I knew I had to do something to help my team."
On the offense having more to offer:
"There definitely is (more that you haven't seen). Bryce (Petty's) confidence is growing more and more. I'm getting better each game. Lache (Seastrunk) is a completely different player than he was last year. The way I see it, our offense is limitless. Antwan and Tevin are playing great. We can do anything we want to really on offense."
On the road win at Kansas State:
"I definitely think that it was a confidence booster. We are good at home, losing I think one game in the last three years. Our road record hasn't been as good. Just to see our team come together and mature was really a big thing for us that we could step up and win on the road."
Eddie Lackey, LB
On Iowa State quarterback Sam Richardson:
"We know that he is a good quarterback. We have to play assignment sound and play our football. We just have to play our game."
On the confidence level playing at home:
"I think it's huge. We feed off of our crowd and what is going on around us. It helps us. For me personally, I love being at home and playing at Floyd Casey. Our fans are great and it's a great environment to be in."
Bryce Hager, LB
On the Kansas State game:
"A win like that is big, especially that our defense helped out our offense in those times. Getting the ball back to our offense was huge. If we can keep doing that and hold offenses to fewer points, we will be in good shape."
On what the road win means for the defense:
"It shows that our defense is growing. We can stop teams when it comes to that point in the game. When we need a stop our defense can show up."
Bringing together cutting-edge technologies and an ancient approach to resisting earthquake damage, the so-called Quake Column marries tradition and high-tech to create a bold new structural solution needing no mortar nor rebar to reinforce it.
Incan masons historically interlocked complex three-dimensional stone shapes in order to allow movement during earthquakes while preventing buildings from becoming structurally compromised in the process. The puzzle-like interlinking of the constituent parts helps structures resist seismic shocks, keeping them from becoming detached either horizontally or vertically.
A modern-day company in California, Emerging Objects, has taken this page out of history and reapplied it with 3D printing, allowing their new variants of these old blocks to be fabricated quickly, easily and cost-effectively. Unlike their heavy stone predecessors, these new versions are can be lightweight, modular and made on demand, including built-in handles for carrying printed-on instructions showing builders how to assemble them into columns.
These contemporary equivalents are designed to be load-bearing, code-compliant materials that could be used in actual architectural applications of all kinds, all without steel reinforcement or mortar cementing the connections. More on the structural physics at work via Inhabitat: “the absence of resonant frequencies and stress concentration points made the structures more earthquake resistant. During earthquakes, the dry-stone walls built by the Incas would move slightly and resettle without any damage. Rounded corners and an incline of three to five degrees contributed to their stability.”
iStockphoto
When it comes to sex, there are a million different numbers—from the average length of time it lasts to the number of calories a romp in the sack burns. We compiled the most interesting statistics on the topic, and ran them by our experts to see what they really mean for you.
84: Percentage of women who say they have sex to get their man to help out around the house.
Surprising, right? But wait for this: Sexual health experts say a little harmless "sexual bribery" in a healthy relationship is a good thing. "Considering that women still end up bearing an unequal distribution of labor on the domestic front, turning foreplay into 'choreplay' is a brilliant strategy," says Ian Kerner, PhD, a sex and relationship expert and the author of She Comes First: The Thinking Man's Guide to Pleasuring a Woman. "Studies have shown that women are more likely to be interested in sex if the house is clean, so this should be motivation enough for men to grab a mop and load the dishwasher."
3.5: Average size in inches for a non-erect penis.
"Most men think they're either too small or too big, when in fact they're average," says Dr. Kerner. "3.5 inches non-erect equals 5 inches or so erect. Considering that most of the nerve endings that contribute to the female orgasm are located on the surface of the vulva and within the first two inches of the vaginal canal, average is more than enough." And, according to his research, most women aren't that concerned about size anyway. "The vast majority [of women] rated a clean penis as being more important than a big penis." So forget the pills and pumps, guys, and instead just take a shower!
200: Number of calories the average person burns during 30 minutes of sexual intercourse.
Skip the gym and have sex? Don't break up with your elliptical machine just yet, says Gilda Carle, PhD, a sex and relationship expert and the author of How to Win When Your Mate Cheats. "Sex may be exercise, but it's not enough exercise to burn your thunder thighs. Make sex an addition to your routine."
20: Percentage of Americans who have had sex with a coworker.
Say you have a crush on someone at the office. Is it ever OK to act on it? "Now that the vast majority of women work, it only makes sense that the workplace is becoming a hotbed of sexual activity," says Dr. Kerner. "First off, most affairs now occur between coworkers. And those people who are still single are spending more and more time at work, so it only makes sense that with limited time comes a limited pool of candidates." While not all office relationships are doomed, there are certain types that Dr. Kerner says to watch out for. "If you're married, watch out for the flirty friendships that lead to emotional infidelity and then sexual infidelity. If you're single and interested in someone at work, make sure that he's in a different department and certainly not anyone you report to or who reports to you." Bottom line, he says: "Proceed with caution across the work-sex boundary."
2: The number of minutes before ejaculation that qualifies as premature.
Premature ejaculation (PE) is more common than erectile disorder, and some studies estimate that 1 in 3 men experience it, says Dr. Kerner. "It doesn't mean a guy is lazy, selfish or immature," he says. "In fact, most of the latest science is showing that it could be genetic. Many guys who suffer from PE don't even make it to intercourse, they ejaculate during foreplay." While there isn't a "little blue pill" for the condition yet, Dr. Kerner says that some behavioral therapies can help, as well as medication such as Paxil, which is thought to delay ejaculation. And, he says to remember: "There are many paths to the female orgasm."
25: Percentage of Americans who are living with an incurable STD.
The point here? Simple, says Dr. Carle: "Always take care of your own sexual health. If you have suspicions, get tested more frequently. Knowing your body as well as your partner's and using honesty, sensitivity and safe sex can ensure your love is the focus, rather than your disease." STDs can also be transmitted during oral sex, so being in a trusting monogamous relationship is the best way to protect yourself, adds Dr. Kerner. "From HPV to chlamydia, consider a full screening at your next physical," he says.
12: Percentage of married people who sleep alone.
Here's a shocker: In some cases, sleeping apart could be healthier! "Many couples sleep alone for different reasons," says Dr. Kerner. "A spouse who snores, kids in the bed—in the long run a good night's sleep may be more important to your health than an interrupted night in a shared bed." But here's the catch: If you're not sharing a bed, you should be making time for sex and intimacy. He says, "If you're not sleeping in the same bed, for whatever reason, you are less likely to have sex and more likely to find yourself in a rut and then vulnerable to issues like infidelity."
20: Number of minutes the average couple spends on foreplay.
Foreplay, says Dr. Carle, "extends a couple's intimacy and it also prevents a woman from feeling used and unfulfilled." So, she says, the more the merrier. Women generally take longer to get aroused than men, adds Dr. Kerner, and the difference between 10 minutes and 20 minutes of foreplay could be the difference between being in a satisfying relationship and not. Remember, he says, "the skin is our largest body organ, and the possibilities for exploration are unlimited. Also, the brain is the biggest sex organ, so talking about sex and sharing a sexy thought is also foreplay."
103: Number of times per year that the average person has sex.
"People always wonder how often they should be having sex, and there's no right number," says Dr. Kerner. "In general, sex begets sex, and sex ruts beget sex ruts. If you focus on having sex once a week, you're probably going to end up having it more often as you'll be more tuned in and generally turned on." Dr. Kerner adds that women who have sex semi-regularly—at least once a week—experience increased testosterone levels, which can lead to a healthier, more vigorous sex drive. If you're wondering if you should make a move on your husband tonight, Dr. Kerner says "yes!" He adds, "Try it—you'll like it."
48: Percentage of women who say they have faked an orgasm at least once in their life.
While there may be a time and a place for faking, it's not the preferred route of sex experts—and it could signal some relationship issues that need to be addressed. "If you're with a partner you care to be with, what is the payoff to faking it?" asks Dr. Carle. "If you can't get turned on, probe what the reason is. Are you disinterested in sex? Do you have other things on your mind? Do you dislike your partner? Are you angry with him? Your body often says what your mind won't admit." Fakers, beware, adds Dr. Kerner: "It's a slippery slope and often leads to more faking, the buildup of anger and resentment, and a lack of enjoyment and interest in sex. Rather than faking, better to be in the kind of relationship where it's OK if you don't always have an orgasm and you can talk about the reasons. Every time someone fakes it there's a lost opportunity to communicate and make sex—and your relationship—better."
48: Percentage of Americans who report being satisfied with their sex life.
If there's anything about this statistic that you should remember, it's this: You're normal. "Life is not a romantic comedy," says Dr. Carle. "Sometimes you're into sex, and other times you're not. But the real satisfaction from which great sex emanates is the relationship you have before the sex occurs. Deep, loving friendship, feelings of safety and knowing that you can say 'no' when you are not in the mood all trump momentary orgasm." She's quick to remind women that it's the relationship and love that counts, rather than "what Hollywood shows us to be a quick roll in the hay."
Sarah Jio is the health and fitness blogger for Glamour.com. Visit her blog, vitamin G.
WD wants to answer your toughest sex questions! Submit your most pressing sexual questions to wdsexualhealth@gmail.com, and we will address the topic in an upcoming article—anonymity guaranteed.
A sentencing hearing In Fredericton Wednesday saw the victim led out of court swearing after throwing his hat at the convicted drunk driver who ran into him and caused him to lose a leg below the knee.
Robert Drew Shannon had pleaded guilty to operating a vehicle with an excessive blood alcohol level, causing an accident which caused bodily harm.
Victim Mike Burden appeared in court for the first time at the hearing. Burden was riding a motorcycle with his wife Kendra when they were hit by Shannon in the traffic circle at the intersection of Two Nations Crossing and Cliffe Street in Fredericton on June 19.
It is estimated Shannon's blood alcohol level was four times the legal limit.
One of Burden's legs was later amputated below the knee as a result of the injuries he sustained in the crash. Kendra Burden required several surgeries to repair a crushed ankle.
Burden sat in the courtroom's front row and often lashed out at Shannon, who sat in the prisoner's box.
'Don't look at me'
"Don't look at me you piece of shit," said Burden after Shannon looked in his direction.
Burden became more infuriated as the proceedings went along. When Crown prosecutor Christopher Lavigne spoke in court about the injuries Burden sustained, Burden lifted up his prosthetic leg and taunted Shannon.
"You should've hit reverse and run over me," Burden said as Lavigne described his injuries.
You should've hit reverse and run over me. - Mike Burden, drunk-driving victim
Shortly after this Burden, distraught, was being led away by family members. When he was about to pass the prisoner box Burden threw his hat at Shannon.
"Look at me," he screamed as he began a profanity-laced tirade and threw his hat at Shannon.
It was at this point Judge Julian Dickson recessed the court.
Outside the courtroom the commotion continued with Burden screaming and someone banging on the door of the courtroom wall.
"You ruined my f-----g life, you motherf----r," Burden was heard screaming outside the courtroom.
Personality changes
During the afternoon session, Lavigne said Burden, in addition to losing his left leg just below the knee, suffered from broken ribs, a broken pelvis, a punctured lung, ruptured stomach, brain injuries and personality changes. Lavigne attributed much of Burden`s behaviour in the morning to those personality changes.
The Crown is seeking a prison sentence of between 30 and 36 months.
Robert Shannon's sentencing hearing was interrupted Wednesday when one of his victims became agitated. (CBC) Burden`s behaviour in the afternoon was similar to the morning session, with Dickson having to admonish Burden for constantly interrupting the defence's statements. When Dickson said he may have to get a sheriff to escort Burden out he replied, "I would like to see it."
When Dickson asked Shannon if he had anything to say he said, "I'm so sorry for what's happened."
A noise similar to metal hitting wood was heard coming from Burden's seat while he yelled, "That's worth more than two or three years," referring to his leg amputation.
The dramatics continued after court had been adjourned with Burden appearing to try and go after Shannon. Burden was stopped by a court official who physically pushed him away from entering the court.
Burden swore at the court official, saying "that's assault."
In the hall outside the courtroom, Burden was heard talking about the convict's family saying there wasn't enough room in Fredericton for the both of them, saying he would "torture [them] as long as they live here."
The drama continued outside the courthouse with Burden approaching a CBC camera operator, lifting his pant leg to show his prosthetic, and his shirt to show the scars to his abdomen.
That's an insult to anybody that's ever been hurt. - Mike Burden, drunk driving victim
"It's a f-----g mockery, it's a laugh," Burden said. "Anybody that got hurt like that [points to leg] and lost their f-----g stomach and has a f-----g brain injury like that [removes hat] and you only get three years for it?
"That's an insult to anybody that's ever been hurt," said Burden.
The Crown is seeking a jail sentence between 30 and 36 months in prison, with a prohibition from driving for four to five years.
The defence offered two different jail sentence recommendations:
One scenario would keep Shannon in provincial jail for between 18 months or two years less a day.
Under the second scenario, if the judge feels a federal prison sentence is required, the defence recommends between 24 and 30 months in prison. The defence also suggested no more than a three-year driving prohibition
Shannon will be back in court on Jan. 6 to be sentenced.
As 2014 begins, workers and oppressed people in the United States are looking at the fight ahead. Low-wage workers are on the move, demanding higher wages, union rights and dignity.
Eighty years ago, workers were also fighting back and organizing for justice. The year 1934 was a turning point in the class struggle, and a great year for the working class. It was a year when low-paid workers shook the foundations of the U.S.
The low-wage workers of the 1930s were often recent immigrants from Italy, Eastern Europe or Ireland who worked in industries. Some African-American workers, who had moved north trying to escape Jim Crow, also worked in the industries, receiving even lower wages. The steel mills, textile plants, packing houses and other urban industrial centers were known for their low wages, lengthy hours and unsafe working conditions.
Beginning in 1929, the U.S. was experiencing the infamous Great Depression. Laid-off workers were poorly clothed, hungry and homeless across the country. Starting in 1931, there were huge uprisings of unemployed workers. The Hunger Marches, led by the Unemployed Councils, brought out thousands of workers to demand “Work or wages now!” “Don't starve, fight!” was the slogan as veterans held the famous Bonus March of 1931, demanding benefits and occupying Washington, D.C.
Many radical organizers looked for inspiration to the Soviet Union at the time, which was having an economic boom while the rest of the world was in a depression. Workers were inspired to fight back by communist leaders, who agitated about how unemployment, homelessness and poverty would be eliminated in a “Soviet America.”
With unemployed workers and veterans already in motion, it was in 1934 that low-paid industrial workers took action on the job.
The general strike wave
In San Francisco, the dockworkers shut the city down. They refused to unload the ships until their union was recognized and the humiliating “shape up” practices were ended. The union also demanded that Black workers be hired to work on the docks. When the longshore workers went on strike, workers all throughout the city joined them. President Franklin D. Roosevelt begged the strikers to return to work, as businesses throughout the country could not receive imported goods. Four longshore workers were killed by the National Guard, who opened fire on the striking workers.
When the strike was finally over, the longshore workers had won many of their demands. They had union representation, much higher pay and better working conditions. Black workers were hired to work alongside white workers on the docks. The International Longshore and Warehouse Union still represents the dockworkers on the West Coast to this day.
In Minneapolis, the drivers who delivered coal so people could heat their homes organized into the Teamsters union. Leaders of the local wanted to expand the union from simply representing the coal drivers to representing workers throughout the entire city. With the demand “Make Minneapolis a union town!” the coal drivers shut down the city.
The rule was “no scab trucks.” No car could travel the streets of Minneapolis without a pass from the union. Activists from the union and community with baseball bats made sure of this. Soon, the National Guard was sent in, but the workers fought back.
When the Minneapolis Teamsters strike ended, the workers were victorious. With Minneapolis as a base area, the Teamsters were able to expand to Kansas, Nebraska and other parts of the country, winning contracts and improving working conditions.
In Toledo, Ohio, the workers at the Auto-Lite auto parts factory also shut the city down in a general strike. Workers across the city walked off the job in solidarity. The National Guard was sent in, and the workers fought back.
In addition to the three municipal general strikes, 1934 was also the year of a national textile workers strike. Workers across the South in the National Textile Union went on strike to demand union representation. South Carolina's governor declared a state of emergency in response to this uprising, and called out the National Guard and vigilante squads to battle the strikers.
Then and now
The American Federation of Labor was at first opposed to organizing industrial workers, instead focusing on “skilled trades.” In Minneapolis, San Francisco and Toledo, as well as in the textile mills of the South, it was communists, armed with the ideology of Marxism-Leninism, who led the struggle. To do it, they had to push back the right-wing labor bureaucrats.
Communists like Samuel Darcy, Farrell Dobbs and William Z. Foster said all workers — “skilled” or “unskilled” — had the right to be unionized. They also said that racism had no place in the labor movement, and that Black workers and white workers should stand together against the bosses. They knew that successful strikes involved the support of the community, especially the unemployed and oppressed workers.
Following the strike wave of 1934, Roosevelt signed the Wagner Act. The right of workers to organize unions became federal law. By the early 1940s, workers all across the country in steel mills, packing houses, rubber plants and auto plants had won union representation and better wages.
In modern times, the Democratic Party often talks of bringing “good paying industrial jobs back to America.” They ignore the fact that industrial jobs only became good paying because of militant organizing and working-class struggle.
Instead of trying to reimport industrial labor to the U.S., it is time for low-paid workers in fast-food restaurants, airports, hotels and everywhere to do what industrial workers did in 1934. It is time for them to fight back. Eighty years after 1934, we must raise the call for working-class power — and fight against capitalism!
Silk Road Agent Had 'Other' Co-Conspirators, Says District Court
New evidence has come out against former task-force agent Shaun Bridges from the District Court of Maryland. After the former agent's motion to unseal evidence regarding his case was denied by the courts, the latest documents reveal that Bridges had co-conspirators in his Silk Road exploits and had also taken part in other crimes. Additionally, a Macbook and other belongings that helped him commit these crimes were reported to be stolen “upon his exit from the U.S. Secret Service.”
Also read: ChangeTip Announces ‘Decentralized' Wallet Service
‘Irrational Greed'
Back in December of 2015, former Silk Road task-force agent Shaun Bridges was sentenced to 72 months in prison for the theft of over $800,000 USD in bitcoin and other related felonies. As Bridges remained on house arrest before serving jail time he was arrested again for attempting to flee the country and change his identity.
When the judge sentenced Bridges, he called the officer's acts, “shocking and reprehensible abandonment of his public duty” and a “betrayal of public trust by a federal law enforcement agent.” Bridges' partner Carl Force also met the same fate with a conviction of 72 months. The courts described their actions as irrational “greed” and Force was even accused of planning to sell his story as a book deal.
Silk Road Co-Conspirators Still on the Loose
Now the prosecution is speaking about other crimes committed by Bridges and co-conspirators that are still at large. Bridges told the sentencing judge that he had an “illustrious” police career, and new evidence shows he used government-issued law enforcement equipment while operating under many unofficial aliases.
The District court of Maryland document states:
The United States, through its undersigned attorneys, hereby states its opposition to the motion for unsealing filed by defendant Shaun W. Bridges. The government submits that unsealing of the warrant at this time would jeopardize an active and ongoing investigation into criminal conduct by Bridges and others with whom he is working.
It further details that Bridges did these things while the investigation took place and during his sentencing procedure. The document continues:
In sum, the government believes through evidence gathered to date that Bridges, working with others, has committed a series of additional crimes, including crimes that took place both before and after the date of the entry of his guilty pleas and sentencing.
The tales coming from the recently arrested “Silk Road architect” Variety Jones revealing the agents' criminal behavior may further cement his testimony. The suspected mentor of the Dread Pirate Roberts said he spoke with a high-up federal official that was still acting out long after Ross Ulbricht was arrested. Interestingly, the man Jones called “Diamond” knew all about Bridges and Force and predicted their demise. He called the agents out for how “stupid they were to do anything but hold onto their ill-gotten gains.”
This story could very well be true, and there may be more agents on the loose using their federal powers for personal gain as the drug wars continue on the deep web.
What do you think about Bridges having co-conspirators at large? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, and Pixbay
This article originally appeared at Neo Presse. Translated from the German by Boris Jaruselski
After the toppling and the death of the dictator Muammar al-Ghaddfi, after the bombing mainly by the French and US air forces, and after a short flush of victory, the country descended into a still ongoing and bloody civil war. To maintain an overview of the parties involved in the fighting, is hard even for seasoned observers.
“To all intents and purposes, there is practically no more state in Libya”, according to the head of the commission of the African Union, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. On one side, there is the government of Abdullah Thenni, who resigned in August, and a transitional president Aguila Saleh Issa, with the government seat in Tobruk, who controls further regions in the east.
On the other side, there is Islamic opposition government of the former president Nuri Buhsamein and the prime minister Khalifa al-ghawi, who have their seat in Triopolis. In the far west of the country, Tuareg tribes are ruling, who are in alliance with the national congress of Buhsamein. Many militias and other interest groups dispersed across the country, are in between. The city of Syrte and the surrounding areas, are in the hands of the “Islamic State” and the Salafi Ansar-Al-Sharia militia. IS declared a Emirate in Libya in autumn last year, and goes on warring against both government sides, while having strongly fortified their reign of terror in Syrte.
Most of the crude wells and fields, are controlled and held by the government in Tobruk, the Alliance of National Forces. The military subsidiary are militia's and brigades, the National Libyan Army, armed forces of the United Arab Emirates and the Egyptian Air Force. And then there is support from Russia, Belorussia and Saudi Arabia. The opposition government, seated in Tripolis, employs troops of the Libyan Army, a conglomerate of diverse militias, the influential milita “Libya Dawn”, which among other areas, also controls the important port city of Misurata, the Muslim Brotherhood and numerous Berber and Tuareg tribes. These are supported by Turkey, the Sudan, Qatar and Ukraine. Egyptian engaging and intervening has foreign policy backgrounds, as Egypt is keen on limiting the expansion of the Muslim Brotherhood and the Islamic State, so as to prevent a “two fronted war”. Russia's and Belorussia's interests are primarily economical in nature, as even the conflict, this region was a good market for weapons and ammunition.
The Turkish government of Recep Erdoğan has ever since the Arab Spring been a active supporter of Islamic movements, which is the case for Qatar and the Sudan. The role played by Ukraine, is very murky, but could as well be based on economics. It is getting increasingly harder to obtain reliable information, due to such a construct of forces and a very confusing situation. It is estimated, that approximately 450000 people are displaced internally and about 1 million have left the country and gone into Tunisia. Since the country is viewed as a “hub” for refugees going towards Europe across the Mediterranean, another 250000 are in the country, so that the relief organizations and the UN are estimating about 2 million people, who need humanitarian support. Since February this year, there are increased efforts by the UN towards a peace plan.
The efforts are geared towards achieving and unity government and stabilizing the country in this way. This solution is particularly fostered by the US, Great Britain, France, Italy and Germany. Moral obligations and the implementing of the desired peace plan is laudable and a pious wish, but the realities on the ground are different. Because of the ongoing negotiations, the Islamic State is capitalizing on the favours of the present and is reinforcing it's status in the region. It isn't without sound reason, that the Italian Forein Minister Paolo Gentiloni is warning of “new Somalia”, while the British Ambassador in Libya, Peter Millet, is demanding another western military alliance, which is to carry out air strikes against IS. That way, the spiral of the civil war, foreign interventions, and continuing violence and the suffering, is extended and extended again.
Feud heightens between Elk Grove, Schaumburg libraries
hello
The falling out between the Elk Grove Village Public Library and Schaumburg Township Library District over a nullified tax-sharing agreement is causing grief for some taxpayers.
"I live in Elk Grove Village. Why can't that be my library?" resident Helen Leski asked at a recent village board meeting.
Leski said she uses the Elk Grove library five or six days a week, even though she pays taxes to the Schaumburg Township District Library.
Roughly 11,000 Elk Grove Village residents like Leski who live west of Rohlwing Road in Schaumburg Township will lose certain privileges at the Elk Grove library as of May 1. About one-third of those residents have current Elk Grove Village library cards that will be canceled.
"I love our library," Leski said. "I'm not going to be able to do a lot of things. Can't the two libraries work it out?"
Due to a deal struck more than 25 years ago, those west of Rohlwing residents were enjoying benefits at both libraries with dual library cards, though legally paying taxes only to the Schaumburg Township District Library.
"It's the only area in the entire state ever to have that sort of ability to hold two library cards, that is essentially prohibited by (state law)," Schaumburg Township library Director Stephanie Sarnoff said.
The tax-sharing deal between both libraries originally was established to stop residents from being double-taxed because that territory of Elk Grove Village's municipal library overlapped with the Schaumburg Township library district.
Until a 1983 referendum, residents of the western third of Elk Grove Village belonged and paid taxes to both libraries. A majority of voters supported joining the Schaumburg district.
Per the deal, Schaumburg Township library remitted a portion of tax revenue generated from Elk Grove Village residents to the Elk Grove library. That amounted to more than $200,000 in fiscal year 2011 -- and more than $3.4 million over the years.
That funding makes up about 4 percent of the Elk Grove library's roughly $4.6 million operating budget, and about 1.5 percent of the Schaumburg library's $14.8 million operating budget for the 2011 fiscal year.
However, the Schaumburg Township library board decided last July to end the tax-sharing agreement due to financial constraints.
Earlier in 2011, the board conducted several town hall meetings about the potential for a referendum to increase taxes, but decided against it.
"There really was no option," Sarnoff said. "Given the financial constraints, we simply have to lower our costs, which we have been doing. We have been cutting back (on personnel and material purchases). It would not be fair to 144,000 people in our entire district to increase their taxes in this economy."
Sarnoff emphasized the affected Elk Grove Village residents still have full access to Schaumburg Township library's services, programs, and resources.
"Nobody is losing any privileges at the Schaumburg Township District Library, the library to which they pay their taxes," Sarnoff said. "Those (patrons) in that area have unimpeded access to everything we provide. Also, under state law, they will continue to have privileges as reciprocal borrowers (at Elk Grove Village library)."
Elk Grove Village Mayor Craig Johnson said he was disappointed with the Schaumburg Township library board's decision to end the tax-sharing deal.
"It was a great partnership," Johnson said at a recent village board meeting. "It's such a small percentage of their budget that I cannot believe they would alienate that many residents. The victims are the residents west of Rohlwing Road."
Johnson urged Elk Grove Village residents who are part of that district to run for the board in the next election.
"Don't take your disappointment out with the Elk Grove Village library officials. Take it out on the ones who caused it," he said.
Submitted by Bob Livingston via PersonalLiberty.com,
There is a saw that comes from Shakespeare's “The Merchant of Venice” that “the truth will out.” But not if government has its way.
That's because truth is the enemy of the state. The state, meaning the apparatus of government, is “the system” that controls the American people.
Most people believe they control the political system through elections. Little do they know that the government and the corporate state own and control the state and the people. In other words, the system is rigged, as Donald Trump says. The system must keep this information invisible and it does so through constant conditioning of the public mind.
Now consider what has happened and is happening to Julian Assange. Consider Edward Snowden.
Assange created WikiLeaks in 2006, exposing, among other things, malfeasance in the conduct of Bush the Lesser's “War on Terror.” Progressive Democrats loved Assange then.
But by 2010, with George W. Bush out of power and Barack Obama continuing old wars and starting new ones, the truths that were being outed by WikiLeaks were hitting too close to home. WikiLeaks got its hands on a treasure trove of State Department and Pentagon emails and documents being dispatched across the globe.
I wrote at the time in “A war on the truth,” that what WikiLeaks was revealing was:
…the result of a secretive, unaccountable and over-powerful government; a perfidious empire that seeks to rule the world by guile, cunning or force, if necessary. And the response by the United States government and by authorities in some of the U.S.'s puppet states — like Great Britain, which arrested Assange, and Sweden, which brought spurious charges of rape against him — demonstrate the length the ruling elites will go to suppress the truth. Truth is the enemy of a totalitarian regime. Fooling, lying, spying: That is the way of the totalitarian regime. Fooling, lying to and spying on friends and enemies, and even worse, its own citizens.
Just before I wrote that, we now know, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was contemplating various ways to shut WikiLeaks down. During a November meeting, sources say, Clinton suddenly blurted out, “Can't we just drone this guy?”
According to sources present at the meeting:
The statement drew laughter from the room which quickly died off when the Secretary kept talking in a terse manner, sources said. Clinton said Assange, after all, was a relatively soft target, “walking around” freely and thumbing his nose without any fear of reprisals from the United States. Clinton was upset about Assange's previous 2010 records releases, divulging secret U.S. documents about the war in Afghanistan in July and the war in Iraq just a month earlier in October, sources said. At that time in 2010, Assange was relatively free and not living cloistered in in the embassy of Ecuador in London. Prior to 2010, Assange focused Wikileaks' efforts on countries outside the United States but now under Clinton and Obama, Assange was hammering America with an unparalleled third sweeping Wikileaks document dump in five months. Clinton was fuming, sources said, as each State Department cable dispatched during the Obama administration was signed by her. Clinton and other top administration officials knew the compromising materials warehoused in the CableGate stash would provide critics and foreign enemies with a treasure trove of counterintelligence. Bureaucratic fears about the CableGate release ultimately proved to be well founded by Clinton, her inner circle and her boss in the White House.
Efforts to shut down WikiLeaks included an American intelligence-initiated operation to entrap Assange in a phony rape charge. The U.S. government also pressured PayPal, VISA and MasterCard to shut down donations to WikiLeaks. The Swedish bank handling Assange's legal defense fund was pressured by the U.S. government to freeze the account. The firm hosting WikiLeaks' website was pressured to shut the site the down.
Now WikiLeaks is revealing widespread corruption, vote rigging, media manipulation and other damning evidence against the Democrat Party, Hillary Clinton and her minions. WikiLeaks and Assange are prying the lid off the propaganda machine and exposing the corrupt system.
In response, U.S. intelligence (an oxymoron) initiated another effort to entrap Assange in a sex-related scandal; this time by connecting him with a phony “dating site” and alleging he solicited sex with an 8-year-old girl.
John Kerry's State Department pressured Ecuador to cut off Assange's internet connection. There is a new move afoot to figure a way to pry him out of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London and turn him over to U.S. authorities, where he will no doubt disappear into the bowels of indefinite detention.
Only the power of propaganda keeps the people from overthrowing the U.S. government by force. So truth is the enemy of the state and the state will do everything it can to suppress it.
That's not surprising. What is surprising is the vast number of people on both “sides” of the political spectrum outside of government who see truth seekers and truth disseminators like Assange, Snowden and Bradley Manning as enemies rather than friends of liberty.
Bedrettin El-Muhammed didn't worry about signing a $1,735 monthly lease for a three-bedroom apartment in March, even though his family of seven would be receiving an allowance of just $1,600 a month as government-assisted Syrian refugees. That is because his five children, ages 13, 11, 9, 7 and 5, were eligible for about $2,000 a month in federal and provincial child benefits.
Syrian refugees Bedrettin El-Muhammed and his wife Meryem Biser have struggled to put food on the table for their five children after paying rent and for other necessities. They are shown with children, from left, Hussan, 11, Hanan, 13, Azam, 9, Rahaf, 5, and Muhammed, 7. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
But a chronic delay in processing time for child benefits has been a hardship for the El-Muhammeds and many other Syrian refugees without private sponsors to fill the gap. The family from Aleppo, who moved out of the shelter at the Toronto Plaza Hotel on March 21, has spent the last of a one-time federal grant of $5,400 to cover first- and last-months' rent and other start-up costs for their new life in Canada. But for weeks, the El-Muhammeds have lived on the edge, counting on the food basket they pick up once a month from the ISNA mosque while running grocery bills on a credit card that has a $1,000 cap.
Article Continued Below
“We are very grateful to Canada and its people. We feel peace and safe here,” said El-Muhammed, 36, who owned a small oil distribution agency back home. “But we struggle just to make sure we have food to feed our children.” The El-Muhammeds and other government-sponsored Syrian families would have had no trouble making ends meet, but a Senate committee says a delay in receiving child tax benefits from the Canada Revenue Agency has meant they are coming up short in paying all their bills. For El-Muhammed's family, the relief finally came late last week, almost four months after they applied for the benefits, in a lump sum backdated to April. While Syrian families sponsored by private community groups are also caught up in the delay, they can count on their community support network to bridge the gaps until the benefits kick in.
Jamal Khan, a retired Toronto police staff sergeant, and other volunteers, have been helping the El-Muhammed family and dozens of other Syrian refugee families in Mississauga who are struggling to get by. ( VINCE TALOTTA )
COSTI, the settlement agency tasked with the government-assisted Syrians' resettlement in Toronto, said the government allowances are in line with the social assistance rate for Canadians, but since most Syrian families are large, the meagre government support must be supplemented with child benefits. “It's been a real struggle. “The child tax benefits can make a big difference,” said Mario Calla, COSTI's executive director. “But the benefits take about three months to implement. That makes the first three months extremely difficult for them.” Jamal Khan, who runs an elder abuse prevention group, received a call for help in early June from a Muslim friend raising money to buy food for a group of Syrian newcomers.
Article Continued Below
Khan and his volunteers have since donated and raised money to buy food for some 34 families. “There are more people requiring help that we don't know of,” said Khan, a retired staff sergeant with the Toronto Police Service. “These people all have large families and are affected by the delays in child benefits. Canada has already screened them. We trusted them and brought them here. We should expedite the processing of their child benefits applications.” In early July, a Senate committee made the same call to the federal government so the refugees do not face undue financial hardship — one interim recommendation of its ongoing study into the Syrians' integration. “Canada has welcomed thousands of Syrian refugees with fine words and open arms,” said Senator Jim Munson, chair of the Senate committee on human rights. “These alone are not sufficient to address the very real and very urgent problems.” The revenue agency insists its processing time has not increased due to the inflow of Syrian refugees and says completed applications usually take up to 10 days to process with first payments delivered around 45 days from the receipt of the application. “As part of the contingency plan, the CRA worked closely with Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) to ensure that all benefit-related questions were answered and to quickly resolve any problematic cases that may have arisen,” said CRA spokesperson David Walters. “No processing issues have been brought to our attention so far, although the CRA remains available to help IRCC with the settlement of refugees.” Walters said Syrian refugees' applications are not treated any differently and hence there is no separate tracking mechanism to identify the number of Syrian child tax benefit applications received or in the queue. Immigration Minister John McCallum said he is aware of the challenges the Syrian newcomers face. “When you bring in 25,000 refugees in very quickly over four months, it will never be perfect,” he said during a stop in Halifax this month. “There will always be hiccups or challenges along the way.”
Shame on Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell for trying to wriggle out of responsibility in the Star Scientific gifts scandal by sacrificing his wife of 37 years.
It's painful to watch the governor's legal team systematically tear down the reputation for good judgment of the woman whom he's previously portrayed as his beloved partner in a storybook romance.
Such lack of chivalry hardly squares with the governor's long-standing image as a squeaky-clean, religious family man.
“He looks like a coward. It looks like he's hiding behind a really thin excuse and blaming his wife,” said Andrew G. McBride, a former Justice Department official and federal prosecutor in Virginia.
“It doesn't look very gubernatorial. It looks like a kid saying, ‘My brother did it,' ” said McBride, who practices civil law in the District.
Admittedly, as a legal strategy, McDonnell's approach is smart and shrewd. McBride and other legal experts said it was an effective way, albeit distasteful, to discourage federal prosecutors from indicting either the governor or his wife, Maureen, under anti-corruption law.
But the “she didn't tell me” defense has a gaping hole: It applies to only a portion of the largess that the McDonnell family received from Star Scientific chief executive Jonnie Williams Sr. There's no question that the governor was aware of some of the suspicious gifts and loans, including the largest ones.
Also, McDonnell never should have allowed himself to get in this position. He should have stepped in long ago to prevent Maureen from misusing the prestige of his office.
As my intrepid Post colleagues Rosalind Helderman and Carol Leonnig reported in August, McDonnell's side is telling authorities that Maureen deliberately avoided informing her husband about some gifts she'd received from Williams.
In particular, the governor allegedly didn't know that Williams had paid for $15,000 of high-fashion clothes for Maureen and for a $6,500 Rolex watch Maureen gave her husband as a Christmas present.
The governor's side has also said that Maureen didn't alert the governor about some actions she took to help promote Star Scientific's principal product, an anti-inflammatory dietary supplement.
If prosecutors can't prove otherwise, then they might have second thoughts about charging the governor.
That's because a key part of any possible case would be showing that the governor used his office to promote the supplement in return for gifts from Williams. But no illicit exchange could have occurred if the governor didn't know about one side of the trade.
It's also doubtful that Maureen would be charged except as a co-conspirator in a case involving her husband. If he's off the hook, then so is she.
In an important new twist in the case, a McDonnell legal spokesman said Aug. 16 that Maureen didn't inform her husband right away on two occasions when she purchased thousands of shares in Star Scientific. The governor's alleged lack of knowledge is significant because of a timing issue. Maureen sold the shares after the first purchase and then bought them back, in a way that prosecutors would typically interpret as an attempt to evade state disclosure laws. Prosecutors would be considerably more likely to indict McDonnell if they thought he were aware of such a possible violation.
“It would indicate a consciousness of guilt, if you will, that they engaged in a process of covering it up,” said Scott Fredericksen, a former federal prosecutor and independent counsel who is a white-collar defense attorney in the District.
A glaring problem with the governor's overall explanation is that it accounts for only a fraction of the controversial gifts.
McDonnell says he didn't know immediately about the clothes and the watch. But it's been clear for a while from documents that the governor knew that Williams paid $15,000 for catering his daughter's wedding and that Williams provided $120,000 to a family business and to Maureen.
Fresh revelations show he was aware of even more gifts to the family, including a Cape Cod trip and golf gear. (See article, Page A1.)
The McDonnells' best hope to avoid prosecution is still that the U.S. attorney concludes that any favors done for Williams were routine.
If the case ends up in court, lawyer McBride predicted, a jury would be skeptical that McDonnell didn't know about some of the gifts.
“I find it very hard to believe that a husband would not be aware that a wife had gone on a $15,000 shopping spree,” McBride said. “Those clothes would show up in a place where the husband would see them.”
As I've written before, McDonnell's proper course is to provide a full and frank explanation of what happened, including explicit admissions that he erred in judgment, and ask for forgiveness.
Just as any good husband would do.
For previous Robert McCartney columns, go to washingtonpost.com/mccartney.
Experts express growing concerns regarding the EU's efforts to force Serbia to impose sanctions against Russia. Brussels is 'blackmailing' Belgrade into joining its sanctions program by threatening to postpone Serbia's EU membership.
MOSCOW, November 21 (Sputnik), Ekaterina Blinova — While Johannes Hahn, the EU Commissioner for Enlargement and Neighborhood Policy is urging the Serbian leadership to join European sanctions policy against Russia, experts express their deep concerns regarding the attempts of Brussels to "blackmail" Belgrade and raise the question of the price Serbia will pay if it withstands the pressure.
© Sputnik / Vladimir Sergeev Western Sanctions Could Boost Russian Production: Serbian Radical Party
Johannes Hahn has repeatedly called upon Belgrade to impose sanctions on Russia. Hahn told the European lawmakers that if Belgrade "is moving towards accession, the signal will have to be the right one" on sanctions against Russia, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty reported on September 30, 2014.
Last Friday, November 14, during a press conference in Brussels Mr. Hahn stressed that "when Serbia joins the EU it will have to align itself with our [EU] foreign policy and decisions." He underscored that the countries seeking EU membership "decide on the pace of their accession themselves, through their reforms," referring to Serbia's firm intention to join the EU.
"At the same time it is less about taking EU laws, and more about changing the culture and the thinking, as well as providing evidence those changes are sustainable," he said as quoted by Tanjug, a Serbian news agency.
During an official visit to Belgrade, on November 20, 2014, the EU Commissioner has again raised the issue of sanctions. In an interview with the Serbian Vecernje Novosti newspaper, Mr. Hahn stressed that since Belgrade declared EU accession as its "key objective," its foreign policy should be closely aligned with that of the European Union.
Press Conf w. Pres #Nicolic. Clarified that #Serbia must progressively align w. EU positions, incl Foreign Policy 1/2 pic.twitter.com/ZWa96a8jLv — Johannes Hahn (@JHahnEU) November 20, 2014
Mr. Hahn's statement triggered a wave of criticism from political analysts.
"Presently the European Union is trying to force Serbia, which is not an EU member, to join their sanctions program. They are practically blackmailing Serbia: either it joins the sanctions against Russia or [the bloc] won't see it as a country with a chance of joining the EU," points out Russian MP Aleksey Pushkov as quoted by RT.
Dr. Gerhard Mangott, a Professor of Political Science at the University of Innsbruck and Scientific Adviser on Post-Soviet Affairs at the Austrian Institute for International Affairs (OIIP), asked Johannes Hahn on Twitter:
@JHahnEU @MiKarnitschnig Why is that? Doesn't Serbia have the right to its own policy trying to shape EU opinion once it becomes a member? — Gerhard Mangott (@gerhard_mangott) November 20, 2014
Declaring his commitment to Serbia's EU perspective, President Tomislav Nikolić refuses to impose sanctions on Russia, citing the economic and longstanding historic ties of the two states.
"I heard from Hahn the same you did — that Serbia is not an EU member, that it is independent in conducting its foreign policy, but that EU membership would mean an obligation to conduct a common foreign policy. [Serbia] "today, these hours, these years, will certainly not impose sanctions on Russia," President Tomislav Nikolić told reporters as quoted by Tanjug.
© RIA Novosti . Aleksey Nikolskyi Serbia Rules Out Sanctions Against Russia
In an interview with the Rossiya-1 broadcaster in October 2014 the Serbian President emphasized that he was not afraid of Serbia's EU accession being postponed. Expectations are that the country will join the EU not earlier than in 2020, as this year Johannes Hahn announced that there would be no EU "enlargement during his five-year mandate," according to Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty.
Although Tomislav Nikolić asserted that Serbia would "definitely not introduce sanctions" against Russia in the coming years, he also admitted that civilians should prepare for all "the sacrifices" the state will have to make when it becomes a member of the European Union, Beta News, a Serbian newspaper reports.
Experts note that Brussels and Germany are extremely interested in involving the Balkan countries into the EU political and economic fold and are unlikely to postpone Serbia's EU membership for long. "In the long term, we want the western Balkan countries to become members of the European Union. It's our common economic, political and strategic interest," said Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, during a meeting of eight regional leaders in Berlin in August, as quoted by Bloomberg. The media outlet points out that "Merkel is seeking to guard a push for EU influence in a region," adding that some German officials expressed their growing concerns regarding the strengthening of the Russo-Serbian cooperation.
"While EU nations account for 64 percent of Serbia's foreign trade and 72 percent of investments, Russia has expanded its economic ties with the region's most populous country since 2013," Bloomberg elaborates, adding, that "Russian annual investment in Serbia rose 144 percent to 45 million euros ($56 million) in 2013."
Still, Serbia's economy is largely dependent on the EU: two-thirds of all foreign investment attracted by the country is from EU member-states.
The West may try to force Serbia to join the European sanctions policy preventing further rapprochement between Moscow and Belgrade, using both economic and political instruments. In a similar situation, both Brussels and Washington have already begun a political campaign against Hungary's leadership, which confronts a "Cold War-style standoff" initiated by the West against Russia.
© REUTERS / Yves Herman EU Foreign Ministers Not Discuss ‘Red Line' for New Sanctions Against Russia
"Our job is to determine our own interests and own position. I am convinced that putting the question of whose side we should take is a Communist kind of question. The question we should pose is what the Hungarian interest is and not whose side we should take," said Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban as quoted by Reuters, claiming that Budapest would develop collaboration with both EU and Russian Federation.
In response, Washington has banned six Hungarian public officials from entering the United States, "citing corruption allegations." Furthermore, The Economist has reported on anti-government protests in Budapest that brought together about 10,000 civilians, "encouraged by America's rising criticism of their government." The media outlet emphasizes that the EU and the US are dissatisfied with Hungary's current political course. "Concerns are growing inside Fidesz [Hungary's ruling party] about the wisdom of taking on the world's superpower," the Economist notes, adding that Hungary "is losing friends and allies."
Hungary's example once again shows that the EU member-states are evidently unable to conduct an independent foreign policy or establish economic ties with other countries without Brussels' or Washington's approval. The question remains open whether the US and the European Union will carry out a similar scenario in Serbia targeting the ruling elite or will continue threatening Belgrade with the postponement of its EU membership.
Florida State faces off against the Oklahoma State Cowboys Saturday at 8 ET Saturday on ABC. The Seminoles are favored by 17.5 points.
Mike Gundy and the Oklahoma State Cowboys begin this year like most years in the Big 12: underdogs. Even though the Cowboys have regularly won 9+ games/season and consistently find themselves in the top 16 of F/+ rankings (8th in 2013), the Cowboys get overlooked. Last year OSU turned in another impressive season beating teams early while looking a bit shaky and then obliterating teams late in the year until the Bedlam game against Oklahoma.
Unfortunately for Oklahoma State a good bit of that team is gone and they enter 2014 as underdogs once again. Oklahoma State is the least experienced team in the Power 5 conferences and perhaps the entire BCS.
For more on what they lost, please do check out our offseason review of the Cowboys.
Much like last year, I expect this team to get better over the course of the season as they certainly have talent but lack experience. Gundy has shown the ability to make quality hires most every year as OSU keeps losing assistants (this is a good thing!) and OSU continues to excel.
V. Oklahoma State's Defense
Last year Linebackers' coach Glen Spencer was promoted to defensive coordinator and the defense blossomed. The Cowboys finished the year 6th in defensive F/+ by stopping the run up front and pressing receivers on the outside. The good news is that Oklahoma State returns a bunch of talent and production up front, the bad news is that they return little production behind the defensive line.
Even with the loss of DT Calvin Barnett the OSU defensive line is stout. James Caslteman leads the way in the middle of the senior laden line with Sam Wren and Jimmy Bean providing outside support but the backups lack experience, though that may not matter for game one. FSU could attempt to run the ball early and try to wear down the line but there's a better way to attack the Cowboy's D.
OSU returns just 1 starter from last year's excellent back seven. The top three safeties and two top corners are gone, plus two all-conference linebackers.
But that doesn't mean there aren't good players there. Ryan Simmons will make the move from WLB to MLB while Kevin Peterson takes a starting role at CB and could compete for All-Big 12 honors. After that there's question marks as the Pokes do have talent but it'll likely take a while to mold that talent into a cohesive unit.
And just how aggressive will Oklahoma State really be? With such a green secondary, it will be interesting to see. And if FSU gets the run game going, the play action game should be money.
If OSU is aggressive, how big will the loss of Devonta Freeman for FSU be felt? Not only was Freeman a very good runner he was also an elite pass protector. FSU was very good when teams blitzed partly because of this. Can the new backs fill this role adequately?
Expect FSU to throw early and run late to salt the game away. It's true that the Noles are breaking in a few new WRs and RBs, but with a Heisman winning QB at the helm, top talent at every position and experienced playmakers in Rashad Green and Nick O'Leary FSU should be able to take advantage of the OSU secondary. If Oklahoma State is going to have a chance to win they'll need help and will need to be dominated up front, which is really tough when you are going up against one of, if not the, the best offensive lines in the country.
Goals
More than 6.25 yards a play before garbage time (313 yards on 50 plays, 375 yards on 60 plays, 438 yards on 70 plays)
No more than 1 turnover
66% or greater TDs in the red zone
V. Oklahoma State's Offense
Last year really was something for OSU. It's rare to see a team replace both coordinators and look as well as the Cowboys did. Mike Yurcich got quite the promotion going from Shippensburg's offensive coordinator to running OSU's vaunted spread offense and performed well.
Clint Chelf started out as the Poke's QB but struggled in the first game of the 2013 season giving way to J.W. Walsh, who played well for a few games before struggling against TCU and gaving way to Clint Chelf. Chelf's second go round was much better but now he is now gone leaving J.W. Walsh as the starter. The lively armed Daxx Garman has pushed Walsh and will get some snaps against FSU. Gundy and Yurcich have not named a starter but plan to rotate through QBs until one sticks. Walsh does run well but doesn't have the kind of arm Garman does.
Oklahoma State fans have gotten used to good line play over the course of Gundy's tenure at head coach but offensive line coach Joe Wickline has left OSU for the Texas offensive coordinator job and in steps Bob Connelly. Connelly inherits a unit that struggled last year due to injuries and losses it's top guard in Parker Graham. What the Cowboys will get out of their offensive line this year is a mystery due to so many changes. Thankfully for Walsh and Garman, OSU relies on a quick passing game meaning sack numbers and hits will likely stay low.
Gone are 3 of OSU's top receiving targets, but talent does return. (Have you gotten the theme yet?) Leading the charge is 6'2" WR Jhajuan Seales and 6'4" Marcell Ateman with the promising Tyreek Hill joining the mix from the JUCO ranks. Seales and Ateman need to do a better job catching the ball as they struggled with drops last year but they remain dangerous either way. Hill will likely line up everywhere on offense as Yurcich tries to get him the ball in space and he doesn't need much space.
Expect OSU to run a quick hitting passing game and mixing in zone runs with RB Desmond Roland (a very nice, powerful back), Walsh and Hill. Walsh runs pretty well so OSU could throw out a bit of runs for him out of the diamond formation.
All the usual caveats about being disciplined and maintaining leverage against the option applies here, particularly with Walsh at QB.
They'll run a no huddle to keep teams on the field but I do not expect them to run as much hurry up this year as they acclimate all the new personnel.
Look for the Cowboys to use Tyreek Hill on jet sweeps and motion, as he has Kermit Whitfield-esque sped, and must be accounted for. This should keep FSU's defense honest.
Florida State will mostly play a 4-2-5, its standard set against the spread, but I'm not sure how much blitzing you'll see. The quick passing game of the Cowboys reducing the effectiveness of the blitz to the point where it might not be worth it.
I do expect FSU to try and be physical with OSU's receivers, especially Hill, to disrupt the route timings. This is not an intricate passing game, and Walsh was not much of a passer last year. Okie State does try to run a lot of fade routes to keep defenses honest, but FSU's cornerbacks are probably the best pair in the country and play that particularly well
The Noles will like play more cover-1 with a safety closer to the line than cover-2 over the top to try and reduce the passing windows on the shorter routes.
Goals
Less than 5.0 yards/play allowed before garbage time (250 yards on 50 plays, 300 yards on 60 plays, 350 yards on 70 plays).
Force 2 turnovers
Less than 50-percent touchdowns allowed in the red zone.
Special Teams
Last year was not a good year for the normally stalwart Cowboys special teams unit. Neither PK Ben Grogan nor P Kip Smith were particularly impressive and miscues by the coverage units hurt even more. The return game was much better for OSU but both returners are gone leaving Desmond Roland and David Glidden to fill the whole. I wouldn't be surprised to see Hill get a shot with them either.
FSU returns both Roberto Aguayo and Cason Beatty and similar results should be expected. Beatty did hold off a walk on punter or two so that's a good thing, right? Kermit Whitfield will return kicks for FSU but who is partner will be and who will return punts is still unsettled.
Prediction
While it's certainly possible OSU keeps this game close by running down the play clock and playing a lot of over the top coverage, it's not likely. Gundy recruits decently at OSU and his teams will consistently have a high level of talent but Fisher recruits better at FSU. There are holes to exploit against FSU (new WRs and not much proven depth at DT) but the Cowboys do not seem to have the personnel or the experience to do so. Expect typical opening game sloppiness issues, perhaps from both sides, and if FSU gets the win it will then have 20 days of prep for Clemson with the Citadel and a bye on deck.
Florida State 38, Oklahoma State 14 | Chance of winning: 90%
Bud: Florida State 40, Oklahoma State 17
Staff Predictions
PhenomeNole: I'm going with 48-17. I think FSU runs for 250 and Jameis has an extremely efficient game. Defense allows an early score and then squeezes the life out of them.
Matt Minnick: I'll say 44-20. Agree that defense gives up an early score, perhaps due to a fumble or interception from the offense. Then we go on a massive run until they get some garbage time points. We get a defensive/special teams score and have two 100 yard rushers.
Onebarrelrum: FSU will win but not cover. Some early let downs for the defense as they work through the jitters and get settled. The passing attack will take a couple of quarters to get going. Okie St will key on the run and Jameis and the WRs will be able to take full advantage by the second half. FSU wins 38 to 24.
pbysh: 34-21 with the last 7 by Okie coming in the closing minutes. I think both sides of the ball will take a few drives to get going but the game will never really be in doubt.
NoleThruandThru: FSU 41 OK State 23 (score late) FSU's OL dominates the LOS and Los scores twice. Greene and O'Leary each haul in a TD and Freddie Stevenson punches one in as well. Tyreek Hill will score for them. Lightning in a bottle. However, I also think he'll get lit up at least once by Ramsey or PJ.
TimScribble: 30-21. FSU struggles early, but pulls ahead for the win. OSU scores late.
ricobert1: A 40-point average MOV is probably wrong to think continues this year. But I don't want to be right. FSU 45- 16.
jmnpb996: FSU 41-17. Noles too good on LOS and corners too good for OSU to move the ball much. OSU doesn't appear to have a massive ST advantage, so this should go fairly swimmingly.
Kyle Griffis: FSU 45-17. Okie State scores early but is shut down for the majority of the game and manages a final score in garbage time. Offense runs efficiently and Los and Cook have a solid day on the ground.
FSUvaFan: FSU 48, OKst 17. Okst scores the first touchdown within the 1st Q and then a late one at garbage time. FSU still scores a lot but less quickly and more methodically as we have to work our way down the field and have more snaps taken to get it into the end zone from the 30-yard line.
FrankDNole: FSU 51 – OSU 17. We will start slow but break it wide open once we settle down and shake the rust off. Winston will throw for 350 and 3 TD's before getting pulled and LOS will get over 100 yds. Defense will allow less than 300 total yds.
Ingram__Smith: 42-13. Game is over by middle of the third quarter.
Michael Rogner: Assuming they don't have our signals then FSU breaks their will by the first possession of the 3rd quarter. Final will be 48-24 good guys.
Alan Mundy: I think we're a lot better than them, but I'm always conservative when making predictions, so I'll go with 34-20. Game is never in doubt.
Dustin Tackett: Florida State wins 44-14. FSU's defense gives up an early score, but it eventually settles down and puts points on the board itself. Karlos Williams, behind the stout offensive line, will set the tone early for the Noles, punishing Oklahoma State on the line of scrimmage. Mario Pender says hello to college football too. Jameis Winston will take things from there, counting on his veteran receivers to make plays for him. Winston throws for 300+ yards and 3 TDs, one of which goes to a young WR(Travis Rudolph), before he is pulled. The Cowboys tally another in garbage time.
Fsued: This is a veteran FSU team taking on an OSU team with massive losses. If the Noles played the Cowboys last November, it would have been a blowout. Think 1993 FSU vs. Kansas in this one. 51-13 FSU.
DA-2: 37 - 20
Nolesblogger: FSU covers the spread 48-24. Big 2nd and 3rd quarters for the Noles. FSU has a big day in the running game and hits several big pass plays after OSU sells out to stop the run. OSU moves the ball a little bit in the first and second before the defense figures everything out. They also add a late TD after converting on at least one 4th down.
Salukinole: FSU 45 Oklahoma St 17
The White House may back the first hike in the federal gasoline tax in decades in order to pay for President Trump's $1 trillion infrastructure package.
Trump's economic adviser Gary Cohn told moderate House lawmakers at a private meeting on Wednesday that they'll get a chance to vote on a gas tax hike early next year as part of an infrastructure bill, according to two lawmakers who were present. The discussion over the fuel tax during the meeting was first reported by Politico Playbook.
"Cohn seemed receptive to it," one meeting participant told The Hill.
Separately, an industry source tells The Hill that the White House intends to back a 7-cent gas tax increase to pay for U.S. roads, bridges, highways and other public works, though it's unclear if the proposal would be included in initial infrastructure legislation or if the administration will push to have it added at the committee level.
Trump signaled some openness to raising the federal gas tax earlier this year, telling Bloomberg News that it's something he would “certainly consider.” But the idea, a politically fraught issue that lawmakers have avoided for years, quickly ran into fierce opposition from GOP lawmakers and influential conservatives.
However, as the White House scrambles to score a legislative victory on Capitol Hill, the administration may be eager to identify potential funding options for its long-stalled infrastructure plan.
The proposal, once billed as a 100-day priority for Trump, has taken a back seat to other GOP issues such as tax reform and health care. And Republicans have essentially shut the door on the idea of using an upcoming tax-reform bill to set aside some money for infrastructure.
With that funding option likely off the table, officials are eyeing other potential offsets for the rebuilding plan, including a hike in the federal gas tax – a concept that has been batted around in transportation circles for years.
The Highway Trust Fund, which provides money for road construction and other transportation projects across the country, is financed by a federal fuel tax of 18.4 cents per gallon of gasoline and 24.4 cents per gallon of diesel fuel.
But the taxes have been frozen since 1993, even as the buying power of the revenue has been sapped by improvements in car fuel efficiency.
A hike in the tax would help fix the ailing trust fund, which the Congressional Budget Office predicts will be insolvent in the next decade without concrete solutions. The business community and labor unions have long been pushing to raise the gas tax.
But the proposal is sure to run into resistance from influential conservative groups like Americans for Tax Reform, which opposes any tax increases, and from many Republicans, who say the gas tax is not a sustainable, long-term funding solution.
Opponents also argue that it would be unfair to the growing number of states that have already raised gas taxes on their own.
"It's like putting a band-aid on the problem," Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart Mario Rafael Diaz-BalartVenezuela puts spotlight on Rubio The Hill's Morning Report — Trump complicates border wall negotiations Immigration divide widens with the latest GOP proposal MORE (R-Fla.), chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on transportation, told The Hill on Tuesday.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) ruled out a fuel tax hike to pay for the last multiyear highway bill, which ended up using a series of budgetary gimmicks instead. And across the Capitol, both Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) have long been staunchly opposed to the idea.
“I don't think anybody on my side of the aisle wants to add to the deficit or raise the gasoline tax right now,” Sen. John Kennedy John Neely KennedyMORE (R-La.) told reporters Monday night.
News that the White House is considering a gas tax increase comes at the same time that congressional Republicans are racing to write legislation that would enact massive tax cuts, with the goal of releasing a bill next week.
The administration is  along on its infrastructure plan, however, meaning that details about the plan — including its offsets — are far from finalized. The administration promised to offer more guidance about the proposal in late summer or early fall, but has yet to publicly release any more details.
One of the biggest questions looming over the rebuilding effort is how to pay for its hefty price tag.
Some lawmakers want to pay for the initiative using the revenue from repatriation, or taxing corporate earnings stored overseas at a one-time, lower rate when it returns to the U.S. But the administration and GOP leaders have shown no indication that they plan to include any money for infrastructure in the tax-reform package.
Other lawmakers prefer to raise the fuel tax to help finance construction projects. Many Democrats, along with a small but fervent group of Republicans, support the concept, which also has the backing of the business community, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a growing number of red states.
While the issue is certain to face an uphill battle, some transportation advocates believe that having the support of the White House could help erode some Republican opposition in Congress and bring along key lawmakers such as House Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman Bill Shuster (R-Pa.), who has long maintained that all funding options are on the table when it comes to infrastructure.
— Scott Wong contributed to this report, which was updated at 7:25 p.m.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Eike Batista was initially taken to the Ary Franco prison in Rio de Janeiro
Former Brazilian oil and mining tycoon Eike Batista has been transferred to a high security prison in Rio de Janeiro after being arrested on arrival from New York.
Once Brazil's richest man, he has been accused of paying millions of dollars in bribes to secure contracts with Rio's state government.
Mr Batista has denied any wrongdoing.
He has promised to help the authorities in their efforts to tackle corruption which he says is widespread in Brazil.
Before boarding the plane and turning himself in to police, Mr Batista said he was returning to Brazil to clear his name.
"I'm at the disposal of the courts," he told O Globo newspaper in New York. "As a Brazilian, I am doing my duty."
Under Brazilian law, Mr Batista would have been sent to a special prison wing if he had a university degree.
But as he dropped out before finishing his engineering degree in Germany, he will be serving time in an ordinary cell with six other inmates at the Bangu penitentiary.
Many Brazilian jails are overcrowded and controlled by criminal gangs.
The authorities in Rio say, however, that is not the case at Bangu.
German passport
Mr Batista was met by police as he landed in Rio on Monday morning.
He was escorted off the plane and initially taken to the Ary Franco prison in Rio.
After undergoing medical exams and having his hair cut short, he was transferred to the high security prison in the outskirts of the city.
Mr Batista was declared a fugitive by Brazilian officials after police raided his estate in Rio de Janeiro last week and found he had left for New York just hours earlier.
BBC South America business correspondent Daniel Gallas says there was much speculation on whether Mr Batista would return to Brazil or use his German passport to flee to Europe.
Who is Eike Batista?
Image copyright AFP
Seen by many as the face of Brazilian capitalism
Bold, extravagant and charismatic, he made most of his fortune during the commodities boom that brought great wealth to Brazil
Listed in 2012 by Forbes Magazine as the world's seventh-richest man, with an estimated fortune of $35bn
His Grupo EBX conglomerate spanned mining, oil, shipbuilding and logistics
After EBX collapsed following a crash in demand for commodities, his wealth slumped to under $1bn (£800m)
But Mr Batista said the trip to New York was not an attempt on his part to flee justice.
He is now due to be questioned about his alleged involvement in a corruption ring involving powerful business people and influential politicians in Rio de Janeiro state.
Investigators accuse Mr Batista of paying the then-governor of the state, Sergio Cabral, $16.5m (£13.2m) in bribes to win government contracts.
Mr Cabral was arrested in November as part of a larger corruption investigation dubbed Operation Car Wash.
As a result of Operation Car Wash, more than 100 people, including Brazil's most powerful building tycoon, Marcelo Odebrecht, have been convicted of crimes such as bribery, racketeering and money-laundering.
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
NSA releases Edward Snowden email
An email that leaker Edward Snowden sent to lawyers at the National Security Agency weeks before he fled his job last year raised a relatively abstract legal question and did not allege any wrongdoing at the spy agency, according to a copy of the message released by the government on Thursday.
In the April 5, 2013, message to NSA's Office of General Counsel, Snowden expressed concern that an online training course he took suggested that congressionally passed laws and presidential executive orders were of equal weight.
"My understanding is [executive orders] may be superseded by federal statute, but EOs may not override statute. Am I incorrect in this?" Snowden asked. "Between EOs and laws, which have precedence?" He also asked a similar question about Defense Department and Office of Director of National Intelligence regulations.
An NSA General Counsel's office staffer wrote back that executive orders "have the force and effect of law," adding, "That said, you are correct that E.O.s cannot override a statute."
In an interview aired Wednesday on NBC, Snowden appeared to reference the April 5 email, saying: "I reported that there were — real problems with the way the NSA was interpreting its legal authorities. And the response more or less — in bureaucratic language was, 'You should stop asking questions.'"
The response to his April 5 email encouraged him to reach out with any follow-up questions, but Snowden suggested in the NBC interview that it was just one in a series of efforts he made to raise concerns about aspects of NSA surveillance programs.
However, Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) said the April 5 email hardly amounted to a grave warning about misconduct or legal violations. "The email ... poses a question about the relative authority of laws and executive orders — it does not register concerns about NSA's intelligence activities, as was suggested by Snowden in an NBC interview this week," her office said in a statement, which said she backed release of the email.
Legal advisers to Snowden said the debate about what he did and didn't report internally is a distraction because it was essentially impossible for him to blow the whistle through government channels on programs all three branches of government had blessed.
"This whole dispute is irrelevant. It's a red herring," the American Civil Liberties Union's Ben Wizner said. "What does it mean to say he should have gone [through] channels? He should have called Congress and said, 'I'm calling to report programs that you've approved in secret'? The problem was that the public had not been consulted as the NSA constructed and deployed a system of mass surveillance and there was no channel through which to raise those concerns, except to bring the public into that conversation."
Wizner also said the government's credibility about Snowden's complaints is in question, since the NSA told The Washington Post in December that there were no records of Snowden internally raising concerns about surveillance programs.
In a brief Q and A with the Post on Thursday, Snowden said the email release was "incomplete," and that the sudden "discovery of written contact between me and its lawyers ... raises serious concerns." Among these, Snowden says, it reveals as false the NSA's claim to the Post's Barton Gellman last December that the agency hadn't found any evidence to support the emails' existence.
He added that the release also omitted his correspondence with the Signals Intelligence Directorate's Office of Compliance, which believed an executive order could take precedence over an act of Congress. Snowden reiterated that he raised his concerns on "multiple, continuing" occasions, both verbally and in writing.
"Ultimately, whether my disclosures were justified does not depend on whether I raised these concerns previously," Snowden told the Post. "That's because the system is designed to ensure that even the most valid concerns are suppressed and ignored, not acted upon."
Nick Gass contributed to this report.
The Scottish scientist David Brewster was one of those 19th-century characters with no real equivalent today. An ordained minister in the Church of Scotland, he took an early interest in astronomy and became for a time one of the world's leading experts on the science of optics. He also harbored a great fondness for popular amusements, and at some point in the early part of the century, he began frequenting a theatrical horror show in the West End of London called the Phantasmagoria. He went in part as a debunker, a skeptic hoping to reveal the secret craft behind the spectacle. But he also sensed that something profound was lurking in the trickery. He suspected that the showmen were exploiting some intrinsic quirks in the human sensory system — perhaps, he hoped, rendering them more intelligible to the scientist. Brewster called the world of scientifically produced illusion “natural magic.”
The Phantasmagoria came to London in 1801, after a decade or two of development in Germany and France. Relying heavily on ghostly magic-lantern projections, the show submerged its patrons in a multisensory vault of dread and illusion — in contemporary terms, a cross between the immersive theater of “Sleep No More” and Disney's Haunted Mansion. Shortly after its arrival, the success of the Phantasmagoria and a handful of similar shows set off a kind of entertainment version of the Cambrian explosion. Bizarre new species of illusion proliferated across the West End. The names themselves, with their strange Greek neologisms, suggest just how far the language strained to tout the novelty of the experiences. According to “The Shows of London,” by Richard Altick, a visitor to the city in the early to mid-1800s could enjoy a “novel mechanical and pictorial exhibition” called the Akolouthorama; a rival spook show called the Phantascopia; an exhibition called the Spectrographia, which promised “traditionary ghost work!”; an influential mechanical exhibition dubbed the Eidophusikon; and the Panstereomachia, “a picto-mechanical representation,” in the words of The Times of London.
Brewster himself was something of a natural magician. Right around the period he was studying the Phantasmagoria, he invented the kaleidoscope, which for a few years was the PlayStation of the late Georgian era. (Brewster barely made a penny from the device, as imitators quickly flooded the market with clones of his original idea.) Decades later, he invented the lenticular stereoscope, a hand-held technology that fools the eye into perceiving two distinct flat images as a single 3-D scene. This time around, Brewster managed to build a successful business selling his contraption, branded as a “Brewster Stereoscope.” Queen Victoria famously marveled at one during the Great Exhibition of 1851. Oliver Wendell Holmes published a paean to the stereoscope in The Atlantic, rhapsodizing over the new technology with an enthusiasm that wouldn't have been out of place in an early issue of Mondo 2000 or Wired:
Oh, infinite volumes of poems that I treasure in this small library of glass and pasteboard! I creep over the vast features of Rameses, on the face of his rockhewn Nubian temple; I scale the huge mountain-crystal that calls itself the Pyramid of Cheops. I pace the length of the three Titanic stones of the wall of Baalbec — the mightiest masses of quarried rock that man has lifted into the air. ...
By the dawn of the 20th century, almost every species in the 19th-century genus of illusion was wiped off the map by a new form of “natural magic”: the cinema. The stereoscope, too, withered in the public imagination. (It lingered on as a child's toy in the 20th century through the cheap plastic View-Master devices many of us enjoyed in grade school.) But then something strange happened: After a century of irrelevance, Brewster's idea — putting stereoscopic goggles over your eyes to fool your mind into thinking you are gazing out on a three-dimensional world — turned out to have a second life.
This is how, a few months ago, I found myself holding an original 19th-century wooden stereoscope. I was visiting the headquarters of RYOT, a Los Angeles-based media company that produces stories in virtual reality, and that maintains a collection of stereograms from the heyday of the device. It's easy to see why, because the family resemblance to today's V.R. goggles is unmistakable; in fact, the stereoscope I held was literally forward-compatible with today's smartphones. RYOT's chief executive and co-founder, Bryn Mooser, slid an iPhone into the slot behind the lenses, and as I pulled the contraption up to my eyes, I was transported to the banks of the Ganges River. It felt like a moment from some steampunk novel: a Victorian contraption conjuring a world through natural magic of a distinctly digital kind.
California Governor Jerry Brown (Max Whittaker/Reuters)
Wealthy blue-state foes of the GOP tax bill face a harsh look in the mirror.
Ah, the holiday season. It's a magical time, bursting with joy and merriment, the laughter of children, jolly parties, twinkling lights, mildly terrifying mall-dwelling Santas . . . and the faint sounds of caterwauling blue-state politicians shrieking that the GOP tax bill signals the end of civilization as we know it.
Can you hear it? Fire and brimstone! The weeping and gnashing of teeth! According to Nancy Pelosi, this reshuffling of government regulations amounts to “Armageddon” and “the worst bill in the history of the United States Congress.” California governor Jerry Brown labeled the tax bill “evil in the extreme.” According to Bernie Sanders, the proposal amounts to “class warfare” and “one of the greatest robberies in American history.” In terms of sheer melancholy drama, comedian Patton Oswalt might win the prize: Because of the GOP tax bill, “there's no America now. Not the one we knew. Sorry, feeling real despair this morning.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Not to be outdone, the New York Times editorial board heaped scorn upon this supposed Scrooge-like attack on the poor: “Republican leaders' primary goal is to enrich the country's elite at the expense of everybody else, including future generations who will end up bearing the cost.” In additional comments, Jerry Brown — personally, I miss the days when he was known as “Governor Moonbeam,” that glorious nickname bestowed upon him by the late Chicago columnist Mike Royko — agreed: “Who's to say that the rich need more money right now?”
Ah, yes. Thank goodness for people like Nancy Pelosi, Jerry Brown, the New York Times editorial board, and other blue-state stalwarts, whose No. 1 concern is to fight this pernicious money grab by a sinister, well-organized, and garishly wealthy elite! But hark, New York Times: What have we here? Why, it's an analysis from your own news pages, dated December 5, with a doozy of a headline: “Among the Tax Bill's Biggest Losers: High-Income, Blue State Taxpayers.”
Advertisement
Well, this is certainly awkward.
Advertisement
Let's read on: “While the Republican tax overhaul would add up to an overall tax cut for individual taxpayers, at least through 2025, millions could still immediately receive a tax increase,” notes the report. Interesting! Who might those people be? “For many, particularly those in Democratic areas who earn $200,000 or more, the increase would come from the repeal of the state and local tax deduction, known as SALT.”
If you know anything about California, you likely now know why good old Governor Moonbeam is freaking out. California may be filled with natural wonders, but it's also a Democratic area chock full of people who earn $200,000 or more — and it's also known for high state-level income taxes, with a top marginal rate of 13.3 percent. In the bad old days, Californians could count on simply deducting this highway robbery from their federal taxable income, masking the state's shenanigans and blunting the financial pain. The GOP tax bill yanks what is essentially a federal subsidy away, forcing blue-state residents to face the reality of their local high-tax, high-spending regimes.
The GOP tax bill yanks what is essentially a federal subsidy away, forcing blue-state residents to face the reality of their local high-tax, high-spending regimes.
Advertisement
This is basic federalism at work. In theory, it should encourage accountability, particularly among high-tax states long dependent on the federal tax code to soften the blow. But as we all know, accountability is no fun. Public panicking and blaming “the rich” — this is all rather hilarious, given that high-income earners in blue states are the losers here, with middle-class taxpayers and small businesses largely on the winning end — is apparently a far more amusing use of time.
Advertisement
Thus, moving forward, when Jerry Brown moans about the tax bill benefiting “the rich,” please loosely translate it as this: “Quick! We need a distraction! California has long been soaking its upper middle class. The GOP tax bill will make it crystal-clear that a significant chunk of this tax burden is coming from . . . from . . . US!” Meanwhile, when New York governor Andrew Cuomo claims that the tax bill will “rape and pillage” his state — yes, he actually said this — and somberly declares that the bill “taxes the taxes that New York families pay,” he's laughably wrong, and he probably knows it. Why should Americans who don't live in New York have to cushion the state's unwieldy, ossified tax-and-spend regime? True tax pillaging, after all, starts at home.
It's not news to point out that people are fleeing blue states for red states. Recent reports show that Texas gained 1.3 million new residents over the past ten years. (Texas, of course, has no state income tax.) During the same time period, Illinois and New York lost more than 2 million. The GOP tax bill, which rips the mask off of high state-tax regimes, could very well increase the bleeding. “High-income earners on the East Coast understand the implications of this,” a friend who works in finance told me this week. Some of his contacts on Wall Street, he added, are toying with the idea of voting with their feet.
Advertisement
If blue states can't get their act together soon, perhaps that's not such a shabby idea. It would certainly send a message, loud and clear: “It's not the tax bill that's the problem, dear high-tax state governments. It's you.”
Advertisement
READ MORE:
Advertisement
The GOP Tax Plan's Downward Spiral
Keep the 20 Percent Corporate Tax Rate
GOP Tax Reform Favors Middle Class, Not Rich
0 Monroe officers hailed as heroes after saving women, children from fire
MONROE, N.C. - Two rookie Monroe police officers are being called heroes for saving three children from a fire early Tuesday.
Two mothers told Channel 9 they were trapped with their three children inside their home on Lexington Avenue when the first officer pulled up about 2 a.m.
Officer Corey Helms arrived, heavy smoke was coming from the home and he noticed a woman at a bedroom window on the second floor, officials said.
When Stephanie Munoz spotted the officer waving a flashlight, she tossed her keys to him so he could get into the locked house.
"My eyes were just burning. It was really hard to breathe," Munoz said.
Munoz said that when she threw her keys out the window, she was trapped with her 5-month-old son, Albert.
Munoz's sister and her two daughters -- a 10-month-old and 3-year-old -- were also surrounded by a suffocating cloud of smoke.
Munoz said the fire started in kitchen and it was burning right below their bedrooms. She said she was sterilizing baby bottles on Christmas night and forgot to turn off the stove before she went to sleep. When she woke up a few hours later, it was too late to escape.
"I'm pretty disappointed in myself, to be honest. I just can't believe that I was the one that caused it," Munoz said, choking back tears.
Initially, Helms couldn't get into the house because of the thick smoke, so he and Officer Dylan Cole tried to locate a ladder.
When they couldn't find a ladder, the two officers burst through the door, raced up the stairs and brought the trapped family to safety.
The officers told the family to stay low while they carried the small children down the stairs and out of the home.
Munoz said Helms was the policeman who risked his life to carry her baby to safety.
"I have an almost two-year-old nephew so the whole time I was carrying him I was thinking about my nephew," Helms said.
"He was really sweet. I want to thank him. I feel like if it wasn't for him showing up at that moment, things could've gotten worse," Munoz said.
The Monroe Fire Department put out the fire while the family was checked out by paramedics.
"It could've been a lot worse. I'm just glad that we're all OK and that my son's OK and my niece and my sister and I. We're all OK," Munoz said through tears.
Munoz visited the officers at their police department on Wednesday to thank them.
"If it wasn't for you guys, who knows if him and I and my nieces would be here," Munoz told the officers.
The brave officers still don't think of themselves as heroes so Munoz said she's trying to fix that.
"Don't think that you're not because you are heroes," she said.
REUNITED! The brave Monroe officers who saved five helpless people from a fire yesterday were just thanked by the mother and her 5-month-old son. @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/qYXLO6ZjKd — Mark Barber (@MBarberWSOC9) December 27, 2017
They told Channel 9 this really put their training to the test, but it has been an incredibly rewarding experience that will stick with them for the rest of their lives.
In a statement, Monroe Police Chief Bryan Gilliard said:
“I am extremely proud of the actions of these two officers. Their decisions to put themselves in a dangerous situation to protect and save the people in that house truly exemplifies all that being a police officer stands for. These situations are not something you come across every day and I am proud that these officers used their training and skills to potentially save five lives.”
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com:
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
“They racked up extra points because they were producing power above and beyond what the house needed,” said Joshua Laryea, student project engineer from Stevens. “But who can afford a house like that and maintain all those solar panels? It wasn't a place designed for living in.”
Joel Towers, the executive dean at Parsons, said: “We probably won't be the shiniest box on the Mall, but a lot of the technology that's needed for tomorrow's housing is already available. The question we're trying to answer is more social than technological — how do we actually bring these green solutions into neighborhoods?”
Empowerhouse tackles cost-effectiveness through “passive house” design principles, an international standard to minimize energy demand that is just beginning to gain traction in the United States. Passive houses are well insulated and nearly airtight, with 12-inch walls and triple-glazed windows, and they require up to 90 percent less energy for heating and cooling than an ordinary house. (They consume 40 percent less than a typical high-efficiency home.)
Such low energy consumption enabled Empowerhouse to have one of the smallest solar panel arrays in the competition, which helps keep construction and maintenance costs down.
For Habitat for Humanity of Washington, the Empowerhouse project is just the beginning of a new wave of sustainable housing. Once the house is moved to Deanwood, Habitat will work with the students and other volunteers to transform the 1,000-square-foot house — estimated to cost about $250,000 — into a two-family duplex of 2,700 square feet with an eventual estimated cost of $530,000. Two more three-unit passive town houses are in the design phase, and construction is scheduled to start in the Ivy City neighborhood of Northeast Washington in the spring.
Photo
Kent Adcock, president of the Washington affiliate of Habitat for Humanity, said that in the future, all construction originating from his group would be based on the passive house model — quite an achievement for a team of students, most of whom had never picked up a power tool before this summer's construction project.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We're designers — most of us hadn't really handled much more than an X-Acto knife before this summer,” said Jason Hudspeth, a student project architect and a graduate of Parsons. “X-Acto knives aren't very handy when you're trying to put up drywall or pour cement.”
While constructing a passive house costs about 10 to 12 percent more than Habitat's current models, this upfront cost is more than offset by the near elimination of utility bills. For a comparably sized home in the Deanwood neighborhood, utility bills are about $2,300 annually, and with energy prices predicted to continue rising, over the course of a Habitat home's average 25-year mortgage, a homeowner could save anywhere from $61,000 to $132,000.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“These savings could be the difference in that family advancing their education, or paying for child care, or even in investing for retirement,” Mr. Adcock said.
In June, his group is planning to host a conference for Habitat for Humanity affiliates from across the country to share what they have learned about passive house design and construction. Empowerhouse will serve as a model for an easily replicated, affordable, energy-efficient home for urban communities.
A more immediate concern was carefully taking apart what they had spent all summer putting together so that it could be moved to the National Mall for judging. The move took place last week.
“It took us so many tries to get everything right,” said Mr. Scribner, a recent architecture graduate from Parsons. “It's kind of nerve-racking to have to take it all apart. It's going to be one heck of a 3-D puzzle to put back together.”
Business owners in the St. Louis, Missouri area have hired private military contractors to transport guns and gold, fearing their shops will be targeted by looters if a grand jury does not indict Darren Wilson, the police officer who shot and killed Michael Brown in the St. Louis County suburb of Ferguson.
“There's a lot of people that brought in a lot of money to have people secure their assets,” said Stephen King, owner of Metro Shooting Supplies gun shop, a 15-minute drive from Ferguson. “Some of those people spent $10 an hour on security guards and some people have $1,000 a day private contractors.”
King confirmed that gun shops in the area are hiring private military contractors to escort the transport of their guns to secure locations. A private military contractor who spoke to VICE News on condition of anonymity said that more than 300 private military contractors, or PMCs, have been contracted for work in direct response to Ferguson security concerns.
Jared Ogden, director of operations for Asymmetric Solutions, a private military contractor staffed by former special operations forces told VICE News his company was hired by businesses to transport “St. Louis-based company assets.”
“We've got our hands in a bunch of things” related to security in the Ferguson area, said Ogden, a former Navy SEAL who was featured on the National Geographic reality program, Survival Alaska.
“If you are a business owner and you are in the business of selling firearms and you're in an area where shops have been looted, burned down, property stolen, you now have the responsibility to society to ensure to do everything possible to make sure that those firearms do not get into the hands of the wrong people.”
In August, Assymetric provided security detail to a journalist reporting on Ferguson. The group tweeted: “We've been to Baghdad, Kabul, KL, Manilla, Peshwar, Bogata. Never guessed we would deploy a high threat team in our own city.”
Missouri Gold Buyers & Jewelry, the largest precious metal buyer in the state, according to the company's website, has four shops in the St. Louis area, two of which are in North St. Louis County communities neighboring Ferguson. It was one of several area businesses looted following protests over Brown's death. In August, masked men shattered one of the back windows of the diminutive shop on Kingshighway Boulevard in St. Louis and got inside, but they were unable to break into the safe, according to the shop's owner, Mike Duke.
Duke is not taking any risks this time around.
{snip}
Duke said he employs Cook Security, a private security and surveillance company, to provide security for his shops and has recently hired 12 additional private security guards to protect his stores, and one to escort the transport of gold, diamonds and coins from the stores to a safe location.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Samuel Dewees Recounts the Suppression of Insubordination
in the Continental Army after the Mutinies of 1781
(1844)
Class conflict inside the American Revolution came dramatically alive with mutinies in George Washington's army. In 1781, after enduring five years of war—casualties in the Revolution exceeded, in proportion to population, American casualties in World War II—more than a thousand soldiers in the Pennsylvania line at Morristown, New Jersey, mutinied. They had seen their officers paid handsomely, fed and clothed well, while the privates and sergeants were fed slop, marched in rags without shoes, paid in virtually worthless Continental currency, or not paid at all for months. They were abused, beaten, and whipped by their officers for the smallest breach of discipline. For many, their deepest grievance was that they wanted out of the war, claiming their terms of enlistment had expired and that they were being kept in the army by force. They knew that in the spring of 1780, eleven deserters of the Connecticut line in Morristown were sentenced to death but at the last minute all but one had received a reprieve. (The one who did not was hanged for forging discharge papers for a hundred men.) General Washington, facing nearly two thousand mutineers, a substantial part of his army, assembled at Princeton, New Jersey, decided to make concessions. Many of the rebels were allowed to leave the army, and Washington asked state governors for money to deal with the grievances of the soldiers. The Pennsylvania line quieted down. But when another mutiny broke out in the New Jersey line, involving only a few hundred, Washington ordered harsh measures. He saw the possibility of "this dangerous spirit" spreading. Two of "the most atrocious offenders" were court-martialed on the spot, sentenced to be shot, and their fellow mutineers, some of them weeping as they did so, carried out the executions. In his novel The Proud and the Free, Howard Fast tells the story of the mutinies, drawing from the classic historical account by Carl Van Doren, Mutiny in January. Fast dramatizes the class conflict inside the Revolutionary Army, as one of his characters, the mutinous soldier Jack Maloney, recalls the words of Thomas Paine and the promise of freedom and says that he is willing to die for that freedom, but "not for that craven Congress in Philadelphia, not for the fine Pennsylvania ladies in their silks and satins, not for the property of every dirty lord and fat patroon in New Jersey." Here is the narrative of this bloody event by Samuel Dewees1 , a soldier on the Pennsylvania line. From Voices of A People's History, edited by Zinn and Arnove
Whilst we lay at Lebanon, a circumstance transpired worthy of notice, and which I here record as a prelude to the horridly great tragical event, of which the individual now bearing a part was one of the number that was made to suffer the awful penalty annexed to their crimes, if crimes they may be said to have committed. A sergeant who was known by the appellation of Macaroney Jack, a very intelligent, active, neat and clever fellow, had committed some trivial offense. He had his wife with him in camp who always kept him very clean and neat in his appearance. She was washerwoman to a number of soldiers, myself among the number. She was a very well behaved and good conditioned woman.
The officers, for the purpose of making an impression upon him and to better his conduct, ordered him to be brought from the guard house; which done, he was tied up and the drummers ordered to give him a certain number of lashes upon his bare back. The intention of the officers was not to chastise him.
When he was tied up he looked around and addressed the soldiers, exclaiming at the same time, "Dear brother soldiers, won't you help me?" This in the eyes of the officers savored of mutiny and they called out, "Take him down, take him down!" The order was instantly obeyed and he was taken back to the guardhouse again and handcuffed. At this time there were two deserters confined with him.
On the next or second day after this we were ordered on to York, Pennsylvania, where upon our arrival we encamped upon the common below the town. Upon our arrival, our three prisoners were confined in York jail. In a few days after we arrived at York, a soldier of the name of Jack Smith, and another soldier whose name I do not now remember, were engaged in playing long bullets. Whilst thus engaged, some of the officers were walking along the road where they were throwing the bullets. The bullets passing near to the officers, they used very harsh language to Smith and his comrade, who immediately retorted by using the same kind of indecorous language. A file of men was immediately dispatched with orders to take Smith and his comrade under guard and march them off to York jail.
In three or four days after these arrests were made, a sergeant of the name of Lilly, who was also a very fine fellow and an excellent scholar, so much so, that much of the regimental writing fell to his lot to do, and for which he received a remuneration in some way; this sergeant, having become intoxicated, had quarreled with one or more of his messmates, and upon some of the officers coming around to enquire what the matter was, found him out of his tent. The officers scolded him and bade him to go into his quarters. Lilly, having been much in favor and knowing his own abilities and the services rendered, was (although intoxicated) very much wounded, and could not bear to be thus harshly dealt with, and used language of an unbecoming kind to his superior officers. The officers immediately ordered him to be taken to York jail.
On the next day in the morning we beat up the troop. After roll call we were ordered to beat up the troop again. The whole line was again formed, and I think the orders were for every soldier to appear in line with his knapsack on his back. I suppose that at this time there were parts of three regiments, in all 800 or 1000 men laying at York, the whole of which was commanded by Colonel Butler. The whole body (sentinels, invalids, etc., excepted) when formed were marched to the distance of about half a mile from the camp, and there made to stand under arms. Twenty men were then ordered out of the line and formed into marching order and all the musicians placed at their head. After remaining a short time in a marching posture, the order of forward was given. We were then marched direct to the jail door. The prisoners six in number were then brought out and their sentence (which was death) was read to them.
At this time it was thought that none in the Line save the officers knew for what the provost guard was detached. But it appeared afterwards that previous to the firing which was the means of launching four out of the six into eternity, the matter of rescuing them was whispered among the soldiers; but they did not concert measures in time to prevent the awful catastrophe, which they meditated by an act of insubordination upon their part.
After the sentence of death was read to the condemned soldiers at the jail door, we then marched them out and down below town, playing the "dead march" in front of them. We continued our march full half a mile and halted on a piece of ground (common) adjoining a field of rye, which was then in blossom. This was sometime in the early part of June 1781. After a halt was made, the prisoners were ordered to kneel down with their backs to the rye-field fence. Their eyes were then bandaged or covered over with silk handkerchiefs. The officer in command then divided his force of twenty men into two platoons. The whole was then ordered to load their pieces. This done, ten were ordered to advance, and at the signal given by the officer (which was the wave of his pocket handkerchief) the first platoon of ten fired at one of the six. Macaroney Jack was the first shot at and was instantly killed. The first platoon was then ordered to retire and reload, and the second platoon of ten ordered to advance. When the signal was again given, Smith shared the same fate, but with an awfulness that would have made even devils to have shrunk back and stood appalled. His head was literally blown in fragments from off his body. The second platoon was then ordered to retire and reload, whilst the first was ordered to advance and at the same signal fired at the third man. The second platoon then advanced and fired to order, at Sergeant Lilly, whose brave and noble soul was instantly on the wing to the presence of that Supreme Judge who has pledged himself he will do that which is right. The arms of each had been tied above their elbows with the cords passing behind their backs. Being tied thus enabled them to have the use of their hands. I ventured near and noticed that Macaroney Jack had his hands clasped together in front of his breast, and had both of his thumbs shot off. The distance that the platoons stood from them at the time they fired could not have been more than ten feet. So near did they stand that the handkerchiefs covering the eyes of some of them that were shot were set on fire. The fence and even the heads of rye for some distance within the field were covered over with blood and brains. After four were shot, we musicians with a portion of the twenty men were ordered to march and were then conducted up to the main line of the army. After our arrival there, the whole Line was thrown into marching order and led to (his horrid scene of bloody death. When the troops advanced near to the spot they displayed off into double file and were then marched very near to the dead bodies, as also to those still on their knees waiting the awful death that they had every reason to believe still awaited them. The order was for every man to look upon the bodies as he passed; and in order chat the soldiers in the Line might behold them more distinctly in passing, they were ordered to countermarch after they had passed and then marched as close to them upon their return.
The two deserters that were still in a kneeling posture were reprieved, the bandages taken from their eyes, then untied, and restored to their respective companies.
A number of men were ordered out to dig a large grave. The bodies of the four dead soldiers were then wrapped up in their blankets and buried together therein. This last sad duty performed, the soldiers were all marched back to their quarters in camp.
My readers may imagine to what a pitch this sad scene was heightened in sorrow when I state that, on our way from the jail to the place of execution, those sentenced were crying, pleading, and praying aloud, women weeping and sobbing over the unhappy fate of the doomed to death, and the wife of Macaroney Jack screaming and almost distracted. On the way she attempted to run into the line, or provost guard, to where her husband was walking, but was hindered by an officer who felled her to the ground with his sword, he's having struck her with the side of it.
The execution of these men by Colonel Butler and his officers was undoubtedly brought about by a love of liberty, the good of country, and the necessity of keeping proper subordination in the army, in order to ensure that good ultimately. Mutiny had shewn itself at many of the military posts within the United States. The conduct of the Pennsylvania and Jersey lines in the revolt at Morristown in Jersey had occurred but the year before, and fresh in the memory of all having knowledge of the operations of the army. Still, the destruction of these men seemed like a wanton destruction of human life. The soldiers at York were afraid to say or to do any thing, for so trivial appeared the offenses of these men that were shot that they knew not what in the future was to be made to constitute a crime. I recollect for myself that for some considerable rime after this, if I found myself meeting an officer when out of camp, I would avoid coming in contact with him if 1 possibly could do so by slipping a short distance to one side, not that I was afraid of an officer more than of a private, whilst I'm done my duty, but fearing lest they might construe my conduct in some way or other into an offense.
All disposition of mutiny was entirely put down by these steps of cruelty. There were no doubt many times during the Revolution that such executions were called for and highly necessary, and perhaps there was an evidence as well as a conviction before the minds of the officers composing the court martial in their case that we know not of, and that demanded the punishment of death. But, to state it in a word, it was a mournful day among the soldiers and hard and stony indeed were the hearts that were not deeply affected in witnessing this distressing execution of their fellow-soldiers.
Footnotes
1 Samuel Dewees Recounts the Suppression of Insubordination in the Continental Army after the Mutinies of 1781 (1844). First printed in Samuel Dewees, A History of the Life and Services of Captain Samuel Dewees, A Native of Pennsylvania, and Soldier ofthe Revolutionary and Last Wars, written and compiled by John Smith Hanna (Baltimore: Robert Neilson, 1844), pp. 228-32. Reprinted in Carl Van Dorcn, Mutiny in January: The Story of a Crisis in the Continental Army Now for the First Time Fully Told from Many Hitherto Unknown or Neglected Sources Both American and British (New Vbric Viking Press, 1943), pp. 253-56.
Erik Meier (via Akshay Bhoan)
Erik Meier estimates that in six years of singing and playing guitar in the subway, police have written him a summons around ten times, and each time his ticket has been dismissed. When two NYPD officers approached him on the 2nd Avenue station platform last Thursday night and told him to pack his gear, they also asked him if he'd been in trouble before. "I told her that all my tickets had been thrown out, and she said, 'Oh you like to fight your tickets, huh? We'll give you something to fight for tonight.' "
Meier, 27, was arrested shortly after 7 p.m. for trespassing, and violating MTA rule 1050.7(c), which prohibits "sleep[ing] or doz[ing] where such activity may be hazardous to such person or to others."
Usually that offense would warrant just a summons, but Meier says he didn't have any ID on him because his wallet had been stolen the week before, an issue that came up when police ticketed him for "blocking traffic" at the Lorimer stop a few days earlier.
"I didn't have my ID and they were going to hand me extra charges... But instead of letting the other cops write me more tickets, [one officer] asked me if someone could prove my identity." Meier says he called his girlfriend, who vouched for him, and he was released.
On Thursday night, the police were less inclined to believe him.
"I explained to them twice that I had someone who could vouch for me, my wallet had been stolen the week before, I told them that I had proof of that." Meier says he was ignored, and spent the night in jail. His hearing before a judge lasted two minutes, and he was finally released at 11:30 a.m. the next day.
"When I came out of court there was a cop there shaking his head, and he said, 'Whoever did this was probably having a bad night.' He tried to make a joke of it, but I'm not laughing."
An NYPD spokesperson confirmed that Meier was "playing a guitar with an amplification device and singing into a microphone which was audible to others in the subway system," but Meier wasn't charged for using an amplification device on a subway platform, which is against the MTA's rules.
"I wasn't actually read rights or told what I had been doing wrong," he says. "It's a risk we take, but I don't think it warrants 16 hours detainment."
In a statement, Busk NY, an organization that advocates for the rights of subway buskers, called Meier's arrest "the latest in a string of incidents of police harassment of legal subway performers."
Meier, who lives in Ridgewood and plays in the band Bird Courage, said he's planning on contesting the charges.
"Any other busker, I totally support [their music], but I play a more little bit more gentle music. I'm not singing cover, top 40 songs," Meier says. "Carefully crafted, gentle music. And I think it's ridiculous. I understand [using an amp] isn't right, but I also don't think that it warrants jail time."
In this episode, we delve deep into the Criterion Collection. We discuss the November releases, news, the Blogathon, and then we go into the rabbit hole. We talk extensively about numerous titles that have been “confirmed” that have not been released (we use quotes because nothing is definite) and others that have been rumored based on educated guesses, teases, restorations, and that sort of thing. This is a long episode, probably the longest we'll ever do, but we wanted to do the topic justice. If you are the kind of person who loves to speculate what titles are coming soon, then this is the episode for you.
Subscribe: iTunes | Stitcher | Soundcloud
Or listen here to it here:
For other apps or mobile devices, try this link.
Or direct download/listen to the MP3.
Episode Outline:
0:00 – Introduction, Blogathon, News
25:00 – November Criterion release discussion
43:00 – Geekfest. “Confirmed” discussion.
1:26:00 – Geekfest. Rumored discussion.
Mark Hurne, Aaron West and Special Guest Trevor Berrett from Mookes and Gripes and The Eclipse Viewer.
Correction: Allan Fish did not contribute directly to The Story of Film as stated on the show. He made suggestions via a friend and provided DVDs to The Story of Children and Film. His name is subsequently in the “thanks” section.
Criterion Blogathon.
First Round of Blogathon Responses.
Criterion Cast: The Newsstand, November Releases.
A Plea for Criterion Eclipse Sets of the future.
Blu-Ray.com Criterion Collection Thread
Eclipse Viewer 20: A Conversation with Michael Koresky.
Luis García Berlanga phantom page.
Contact info:
feedback@criterionclose-up.com
Twitters:
Trevor Berrett
Mark Hurne
Aaron West
News stories that are really big unfold over months or years, and tackling them can take almost constant media coverage. But all of that distilled information can start to feel overwhelming in itself, and that's where the infographic recap comes in really handy.
Now there's one for Bitcoin, which was just incredibly necessary. Having everything you need to know in a sort of visual map makes the info less intimidating and acts as a good memory aid for working things out. With Bitcoin there are so many areas to misunderstand, such as what Bitcoin is, how it works, where it came from, what its implications are for different markets and the international economy etc., that you may not know that you know nothing about it. Or you may be acutely aware. No worries! Brush up on the history aspect here so you at least have a solid foundation in place. [Visual Capitalist via Business Insider]
In many species, adolescence is a critical phase in which the endocannabinoid system can regulate the maturation of important neuronal networks that underlie cognitive function. Therefore, adolescents may be more susceptible to the neural consequences of chronic cannabis abuse. We reported previously that chronically exposing adolescent rats to the synthetic cannabinoid agonist CP55,940 leads to impaired performances in adulthood i.e. long-lasting deficits in both visual and spatial short-term working memories. Here, we examined the synaptic structure and function in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) of adult rats that were chronically treated with CP55,940 during adolescence. We found that chronic cannabinoid exposure during adolescence induces long-lasting changes, including (1) significantly altered dendritic arborization of pyramidal neurons in layer II/III in the medial PFC (2) impaired hippocampal input–induced synaptic plasticity in the PFC and (3) significant changes in the expression of PSD95 (but not synaptophysin or VGLUT3) in the medial PFC. These changes in synaptic structure and function in the PFC provide key insight into the structural, functional and molecular underpinnings of long-term cognitive deficits induced by adolescent cannabinoid exposure. They suggest that cannabinoids may impede the structural maturation of neuronal circuits in the PFC, thus leading to impaired cognitive function in adulthood.
Getty Images
Faced with seeing both his role and his salary decrease in 2015, Andre Johnson decided to call time on his Houston Texans career, and the organization released him Monday. Following his release, he opted to join the Indianapolis Colts.
Continue for updates.
Johnson Signs With Colts
Wednesday, March 11
Johnson confirmed on his Instagram account that he signed a deal with the Colts:
Earlier, Mike Chappell of RTV6 reported that Johnson would meet with the Colts today as he explores his options.
Lance Zierlein of NFL.com first reported that Johnson and Frank Gore discussed a potential move to Indianapolis, which caused the running back to change his mind about going to the Philadelphia Eagles and to sign with the Colts on Tuesday.
On March 3, Bleacher Report NFL Insider Jason Cole reported that the Colts have interest in Johnson and that the interest is mutual:
Johnson Released from Texans
Monday, March 9
Andre Johnson was officially released by the Texans, per ESPN's Adam Schefter. Team Stream Now immediately broke down the best potential landing spots for the veteran receiver:
Johnson previously spoke to Josina Anderson of ESPN about whether he should have had the right to finish his career with the team that drafted him:
The funny thing is that when (a player) asks to be traded or something, people get on you about honoring your contract. But when you've done a lot for an organization and they feel like you get old, then they don't have to honor their contract. I don't get where they come up with this honoring your contract when you're very very productive and you are doing great things for them....I don't know a lot of guys in the league that catch 85 balls and have almost 1,000 yards that that's a down year for them. But you have a year like that and then it's 'well your old, we want to reduce your role,' and all this stuff--I don't get that. But that's the nature of the business. Like I said, it doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense to a lot of people. That's just the way it is. I expected it to happen and I don't have any ill feelings against the Texans organization.
On March 4, Johnson's agent, Kennard McGuire, told ProFootballTalk that he had asked the Texans to cut the wide receiver and will not pursue a trade.
On March 3, McGuire discussed Johnson's situation with Nick Wright and John Lopez on In The Loop on SportsRadio 610. He offered some perspective on the matter and also denied that Johnson requested a trade, via CBS Houston:
Andre did not, in the last couple of days, go in and ask for a trade. Certain things were expressed to [Andre] in which he didn't agree with. And at that point in time permission was thusly granted to seek an opportunity elsewhere. That was not something that we asked for. That was something that was presented to us. The contractual matters never did come up. The only thing that was discussed was the roll and that was in fact that there would be a reduced role.
John McClain of the Houston Chronicle reported on March 2 that Johnson asked to be traded after learning he would have a reduced role next season.
Scholar: 62 people in U.S. killed by Islamic terrorists for every one killed by right-wing extremists
A widely touted study claiming right-wing extremism is more deadly than Islamic terrorism in the United States has been debunked by a history professor who shows that, in actuality, there have been 62 Americans killed by Islamic terrorists in the U.S. for every one American killed by right-wing extremists.
Professor Andrew Holt of Florida State College at Jacksonville recently published his analysis that discredits the widespread sentiment that right-wing attackers are the deadliest domestic terrorists in the U.S.
“If you include the death totals from 9/11 in such a calculation, then there have been around 62 people killed in the United States by Islamic extremists for every one American killed by a right wing terrorist,” Holt stated in his analysis.
Holt's analysis points out numerous flaws in the highly cited study released in 2015 by New America Foundation, which claimed 48 deaths in the U.S. were due to “far right wing attacks” while only counting 45 deaths due to “violent jihadist attacks.”
The study's findings were not only touted by many major news outlets across the nation as proof that fears over radical Islamic terror in the U.S. are overblown, but the findings are also used today in some college classrooms as an example of Islamophobia.
But, Holt points out the foundation's findings are based on flawed data sets.
For one, the foundation did not count the deaths on Sept. 11. Secondly, it did not factor in extraordinary security measures, such as the Patriot Act and the creation of Homeland Security, put in place after 9/11 that prevented a large number of attempted attacks by Islamic terrorists on American soil.
Moreover, the foundation's count does not recognize “the disproportionately high number of attacks by Islamic extremists in the United States, who, even after excluding the victims of 9/11, are still responsible for around 50 percent of the total number of deaths due to extremism, even though Muslims only account for around 1 percent of the total U.S. population,” Holt states.
Underscoring all that, Holt said the foundation's count ignored more than a half-dozen examples of radical Islamic terrorism deaths in the U.S.
One of the most glaring omissions, he noted, is the 2002 D.C. Beltway snipers John Allen Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo, who admitted to authorities that they were inspired by Osama bin Laden and sought to set up a terrorist training camp.
“Indeed, on April 22, 2005, the Virginia Supreme Court affirmed [the] death penalty on the basis that Muhammad had committed an act of terrorism,” Holt stated. “Together, Muhammad and Malvo killed at least ten people. Yet [the foundation] does not list their victims among those under the category of ‘violent jihadist attacks.'”
“If we add Muhammad and Malvo's victims to the total number of Americans killed by Islamic extremists since 9/11, then the number killed rises to 55, a total higher than the 48 deaths they attribute to right wing extremism.”
Holt added additional deaths due to Islamic terror in the U.S. are not counted by the foundation, including:
In June of 2006 in Denver, a man shot four of his co-workers and a swat team member, killing one. He later claimed he did it because it was “Allah's choice.” In December of 2009 in Binghamton, a Saudi Arabian graduate student named Abdulsalam S. al-Zahrani killed Richard T. Antoun, a non-Muslim Islamic studies professor who served on al-Zahrani's dissertation committee, in revenge for “persecuted” Muslims. Prior to the killing one of al-Zahrani's roommates tried to warn the university administration that he had been acting “like a terrorist.” In 2012 in Houston, in two separate incidents in January and in November, two people were shot to death by a Muslim extremist for their roles in his daughter's conversion to Christianity. In March of 2013 in Ashtabula (Ohio), a Muslim convert walked into a Christian Church during an Easter service and killed his father, claiming it was “the will of Allah.” In August of 2014 in Richmond (California) killed an Ace Hardware employee by stabbing him seventeen times, claiming he was on a “mission from Allah.”
RELATED: College students taught most U.S. terrorists ‘conservative' white men
In an email interview with The College Fix, Holt emphasized that any extremist attack is disturbing and must be condemned, adding “my comments are not intended to discount the very real suffering of victims of right wing terror.”
Nevertheless, Americans have been misled by the foundation's study and deserve an accurate picture, Holt said.
“The study has been widely reported in the mainstream press, and those reports have been widely shared on social media, often cited as evidence for the surprising claim above,” Holt told The College Fix. “… But the reality is that if you include the deaths from 9/11, then the raw and ugly numbers show that over the last 15 years more Americans have died as a result of Islamic extremism than right wing extremism by an extraordinarily lopsided ratio of more than 62 to 1.”
“Moreover, even if you exclude the deaths of 9/11 for some reason, but do not apply the very limiting parameters used in the New American study, then you still get a higher number of total U.S. deaths from Islamic extremism than from right wing extremism.”
Asked whether he is concerned his colleagues or other experts may refute his analysis by calling it racist or discriminatory, Holt replied that while he sometimes worries about how his comments can be interpreted, he is not the only academic concerned with the claim right-wing extremism is more dangerous than radical Islam in the U.S.
“I have a number of academic colleagues with similar concerns when commenting on sensitive topics like the relationship of Islam to modern terrorism,” Holt told The Fix. “…Obviously, not all terrorists are Muslims, and I have known many Muslims whose views of Islam are compatible with western values. Moreover, the evidence shows that a majority of Muslims reject the methods of groups like the Islamic State and Al-Qaeda.”
“Yet to acknowledge that the Muslim world is particularly struggling with the issue of terrorism, on a much greater scale than adherents of any other religion, is not racist or discriminatory if it is based on the available evidence.”
RELATED: UNC's ‘Literature of 9/11' course sympathizes with terrorists, paints U.S. as imperialistic
Holt has expansive research in the areas of medieval history, the crusades, and the Middle East in present day, and has also tracked the rise of ISIS for the last 18-plus months. Holt has also co-edited two books on the crusades, including one that focuses on modern myths of the crusading movement, and he recently completed a three-volume encyclopedia focused on pivotal events in religious history that is slated to be published in late 2016.
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
If Arsenal really are the symphony orchestra that Jürgen Klopp so colourfully described, there can be no doubt who has emerged this season as their lead conductor.
Aaron Ramsey had begun Wednesday by being voted Arsenal's player of the month for a fourth consecutive time and ended it by scoring the winner in a hugely significant victory against Borussia Dortmund.
It was Ramsey's 11th Arsenal goal in 17 games this season, equalling his return during his previous five years and 150 matches for the club.
Most important of all, it also leaves Arsenal dominantly placed at the top of Champions League Group F, with victory in their final home game against Marseille now almost certain to guarantee their passage to the last 16 for a 14th straight season.
Arsenal's triumph last night was built on what Arsène Wenger called defensive “metal” rather than their usual attacking flair. Ramsey will rightly again grab the headlines but, in front of Dortmund's famous 25,000-strong Yellow Wall stand, it was 11 bodies in red and white who provided the most sturdy structure.
Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny delivered particularly towering defensive performances against persistent Dortmund pressure.
Having now negated Robert Lewandowski, Marco Reus and Jakub Blaszczykowski as well as Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge in the space of five days, the prospect of facing Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney at Old Trafford on Sunday will hold fewer fears.
The result extends Arsenal's unbeaten away record to 14 wins and one draw since they defeated Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena in March. Self-belief is coursing through Arsenal just now and it is difficult to overstate the achievement of beating Dortmund in Dortmund.
Klopp's side had won every game they have played this season at the Westfalenstadion and also every match here in the Champions League since December 2011.
Dortmund could still consider themselves mightily unlucky last night — they had 19 shots to Arsenal's four — although they were hardly helped by Robert Lewandowski reiterating his desire to leave shortly before kick-off.
The Bundesliga's leading goalscorer is out of contract at the end of the season and made it clear that he would not be signing another deal, telling Bild that he wants to “experience something new”.
That something new is widely assumed to be Bayern Munich but leading English clubs will also be making their own enquiries. Arsenal ought to be prominent among those, with their reliance on Olivier Giroud again evident last night and likely to tell during the second-half of the season should they not add sufficient back-up.
With Marco Reus roaming infield and Blaszczykowski pressurising Kieran Gibbs down Arsenal's left, the first clear chance fell to Lewandowski. Mertesacker, though, read the danger superbly to make a deft interception inside his own penalty area.
With 24 goals this season in only seven home games, Dortmund's threat to Arsenal's back four was always going to be considerable and they remained on the front foot. Mertesacker stifled another two Dortmund attacks before Neven Subotic volleyed narrowly wide following Reus's free kick. When Arsenal did get the ball, they found themselves swarmed by three or four yellow shirts and struggled to string more than one or two passes together.
Blaszczykowski and Reus were continuing to compliment Dortmund's relentless work-rate with touches of the highest quality but were also discovering that Arsenal's defence really does have rather more solidity this season.
With Mikel Arteta guilty of a rare lapse in concentration, Mertesacker made what was his fourth vital interception of the first-half to dispossess Reus. Arsenal again rode their luck in the 37th minute when Blaszczykowski pounced after Koscielny had fouled Lewandowski.
Referee Bjorn Kuipers had correctly played advantage, with Blaszczykowski feeding Henrikh Mkhitaryan who wastefully side-footed what should have been a simple finish wide of Wojciech Szczesny's right-hand post.
Arsenal did just begin to establish their passing game towards the end of the first-half, but Dortmund's energy off the ball meant that Santi Cazorla, Mesut Ozil and Giroud were generally starved of meaningful service.
Dortmund's territorial advantage was such that Arsenal had reached half-time without having amassed a single shot on target.
The basic pattern was unaffected by the interval with Dortmund continuing to create the best chances and Arsenal sometimes ragged, sometimes brilliant and occasionally fortunate to keep the game goalless. The brilliance came from Szczesny, who dived at full length to palm Reus's header to safety and then got down quickly to block Blaszczykowski's powerful low shot.
Arsenal were in need of someone to provide some respite and, just as they appeared to be wilting, it came from a familiar source. On what was their first meaningful attack of the second-half, Ramsey muscled his way between the Dortmund defence and calmly headed past Roman Weidenfeller. Tomas Rosicky and Ozil had also played a critical part in the build-up to the goal with a swift interchange of passing before Giroud provided the assist with a looping header.
Dortmund were visibly shaken and Arsenal then twice came within inches of adding a second. First Ramsey forced a goal-saving block from Sokratis Papastathopoulos and then Giroud's shot was saved on the goalline by a combination of Nuri Sahin and Weidenfeller. No matter. Arsenal's defence held firm in an end-to-end finale, underlining the resilience as well as the sweet rhythm of Ramsey's orchestra.
RENTON, Wash. -- Russell Wilson never will forget the day he was told he no longer was wanted at NC State.
“It was April 27th [2011],” Wilson said.
Tom O'Brien, NC State's head coach at the time, had a meeting that day with Wilson and gave him the surprising news.
Wilson had been the Wolfpack's starting quarterback for three seasons. But Wilson also was playing minor-league baseball, a situation with which O'Brien had issues.
“But I didn't think he would tell me not to come back,'' Wilson said. “North Carolina State was an awesome experience for me. I graduated in three years and went to grad school. I wanted to finish my senior year [of football] there.
Russell Wilson was forced to leave NC State because of his commitment to baseball. AP Photo/Damian Strohmeyer
“I tried to do everything right. I love NC State. It was just one of those things. Coach O'Brien wanted to move on. So I had to move on, too.”
Now, 2 1/2 years later, Wilson will play Sunday against the man who replaced as NC State, rookie Tampa Bay quarterback Mike Glennon.
“It was definitely a unique situation for a player of his caliber,” Glennon said of Wilson's departure. “He was a great teammate, but it worked out for both of us. He went on to have a great year at Wisconsin and led them to the Rose Bowl.
“For me, it gave me an opportunity to start for two years at NC State and put me in a situation to get drafted. We've been nothing but supportive of one another through all that. We stay in touch with one another. I was happy for him and all his accomplishments and I think he feels the same way about me.”
Wilson has nothing but good things to say about Glennon.
“We were roommates, both doing our best to learn all we could,” Wilson said. “I have so much respect for Mike. He is very consistent in his approach. He knows how to study and how to learn. He has a great arm and doesn't make many mistakes. He's very poised.
“And he's a lot taller than me [6-6 to 5-11]. He's like a giraffe compared to me. But Mike has worked extremely hard to get where he is now. It'll be fun to play against him.”
The situation at NC State was awkward for both men at the time. O'Brien felt Wilson's baseball commitment, causing Wilson to miss spring practice, would hinder the football team.
“Russell and I had very open conversations about his responsibilities, respective to baseball and football,” O'Brien said at the time. “While I am certainly respectful of Russell's dedication to baseball these last several years, within those discussions, I also communicated to him the importance of his time commitment to NC State football."
O'Brien is no longer at NC State. He was fired after the 2012 season. He now is the associate head coach and tight ends coach at Virginia.
“I don't carry a grudge,'' Wilson said. “I ended up in the right place at the right time.”
But it was a life-changing moment for Wilson. A lot was going on in his life at the time, including the death of his father, the man who had guided all his decisions. Now Wilson had to make the biggest decision of his life without his father's help.
“I still wanted to explore my dream of playing football,'' Wilson said. “I prayed a lot and talked to my brother and my mom. I just went with my instincts.”
Mike Glennon replaced Wilson at NC State, but the former roommates turned NFL starters have remained supportive of each other. AP Photo/Reinhold Matay
Wilson said he had offers from schools across the country, but his instincts almost led him to Auburn
“I took a visit to Auburn,” Wilson said. “I liked it, but I went up to Wisconsin and fell in love with it. I knew that was the right situation for me. Auburn had just had Cam Newton [the 2010 Heisman Trophy winner], a 6-5 quarterback. They spread it out and did a lot of trick stuff.
“I came from a West Coast, pro-style offense. I wanted to continue to learn what I could. I knew as a 5-11 quarterback, I was going to have to continue to prove myself in a pro-style offense [which Wisconsin used]. I had to put myself in the right position.”
Wilson had a remarkable senior season for the Badgers, throwing 33 touchdown passes and running for six others. He led Wisconsin to a Rose Bowl appearance against Oregon, which the Badgers lost 45-38. But Wilson had a superb performance, completing 19 of 25 passes for 296 yards and two touchdown throws, along with running for another TD.
“I'm so blessed to have gone to Wisconsin," Wilson said. “It's a great school and great coaching staff with incredible fans. I had a lot of great teammates that wanted to be successful. I played behind a huge offensive line. I think that proved a lot too, as a 5-11 quarterback showing I could play under center with those guys in front of me.”
And Glennon became a star after playing behind Wilson for two seasons. Glennon threw for 7,085 yards and 62 TDs in his final two years for the Wolfpack.
Like Wilson, he was a third-round draft choice. And like Wilson, he became an NFL starter as a rookie.
“We spent a lot of time together in college,” Glennon said of Wilson. “I don't know if I could pinpoint one story about him, but he's such a great guy. He does everything the right way.”
Who knows what would have happened for Wilson and Glennon if O'Brien had allowed Wilson to return for his senior year at NC State.
“In the end, maybe it's what allowed me to play in the NFL,” Wilson said. “I was a free agent in a way. I was able to go to another school and continue my education [in graduate school] which was really important to me.”
Wilson looks back on it now believing everything happens for a reason.
“God had a different plan for me,” Wilson said. “It all worked out for me and for Mike.”
Wilson moved on and Glennon got his chance. Sunday they will be on opposite sidelines as NFL starting quarterbacks, at least in part, because of a day 2 1/2 years ago that changed both their lives.
Are you one of those people that can't stand hearing Christmas songs months before the holiday actually arrives? Does hearing festive carols weeks before Thanksgiving only make you upset that you haven't eaten your turkey yet? A psychologist in Great Britain says your reactions don't make you a Grinch because too much Christmas music is actually bad for your mental health.
Clinical psychologist Linda Blair claims the constant barrage of Christmas tunes too early in the season forces people to remember all the things they have to do before the holiday. Blair says the songs are a reminder to buy presents, cater parties, organize travel, and all the more stressful chores during Christmas. “You're simply spending all of your energy trying not to hear what you're hearing,” Blair tells Sky News.
The psychologist added that store workers are most at risk for being worn down by the catchy beats. She states that hearing the same songs over and over each day make workers struggle to “tune it out” and they become “unable to focus on anything else.” “Christmas music is likely to irritate people if it's played too loudly and too early,” Blair explained to reporters.
In the U.S., the mad dash by retailers to get consumers in the holiday spirit continues to eat up more of the calendar. The seller's push, also known as the Christmas Creep, has made some major stores decide to break out the Christmas playlist in the middle of October. According to a survey of top retailers by the Tampa Bay Times, Best Buy outpaced all other stores by starting their holiday music on Oct. 22.
We're barely into November and stores are already playing Christmas music. How early is too early? via @SpataTimes https://t.co/LLhFTvQfZ9 pic.twitter.com/0Q6mXlTZ9T — Carl Lisciandrello (@carlmarksTimes) November 8, 2017
Danny Turner, a programming executive with Mood Media, told the Times he advises stores avoid playing novelty or repetitive songs that tend to be more annoying than cheerful.
“The one I have in mind is The 12 Days of Christmas… Once I'm at the third day, I'm counting how many days are left. You don't want any songs that feel like they last for 12 days.”
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
Image copyright APerture photographics Image caption The crack in the cliff is near West Bay
A large chunk of cracked cliff on Dorset's Jurassic Coast has the potential to fall on to the beach below, experts have warned.
Photographer Doug Chalk came across the crack, 60cm (2ft) wide and 45m (50yds) long, near West Bay on Friday.
Mr Chalk said it looked "pretty awful".
Jurassic Coast earth science manager Richard Edmonds, who has examined the crack, said it was unlikely to be a fresh break, but could be related to heavy winter rainfall in 2012-13.
"It's clearly going to fall off - I just can't tell you when," he said.
"It's quite concerning but it's part of the nature of this coastline."
Dorset County Council said the crack in the edge of Watton Cliff was above the western part of Eype Beach and there was no threat to West Bay's esplanade.
It said the coast path at the top of the cliff was far enough away not to be affected and it was installing temporary warning signs
"Advice to coast users is, as always, for people to stay away from the edges and base of cliffs, to observe warning signs, whether temporary or permanent, to stay on official paths, and to be aware of their surroundings," a spokeswoman said.
Mr Chalk said he posted the picture, taken with a telephoto lens, on social media to warn visitors ahead of the bank holiday weekend and had been "astounded" by how widely it had been shared.
"It's going to be a major fall when it goes," he said.
Mr Edmonds said the crack was at the top of the vertical cliff, but there was nothing apparent to anyone looking up from the beach below.
A spokeswoman for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said the coastguard was aware of the crack and would be monitoring the area.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Seven men arrested Sept. 24 bring to 42 the number arrested since March in the undercover sting known as "Operation Backpage," Mayor Jorge O. Elorza and public safety officials announced Wednesday.
In response to a request from Elorza, Providence narcotics detectives placed ads on Backpage.com as if they were women willing to trade sex for money. Undercover policewomen then arranged to meet the men in a hotel, where the men were arrested and charged with procurement of sexual conduct for a fee, the officials said in a prepared statement.
“If you use Backpage.com to solicit sex in Providence, you had better watch your back,” Elorza said in the news release.
"Our investigators are working every day to bring to justice those who perpetuate and seek to profit from prostitution," he said in the statement. The other purpose is to provide support for the victims of sex trafficking.
Col. Hugh T. Clements Jr., police chief, said the vigilance is aimed at ending illegal solicitation for sex on Backpage.com and serve as a reminder "that these crimes will not be tolerated in our city.”
All seven have Oct. 13 arraignments in District Court, Providence.
They are:
Orion Wellinghurst, 28, of Bristol; Vaallah Brown, 24, of Providence; Rasheed Chinn, 30, of Wrentham, Mass.; Robert Spiker, 50, of Bellingham, Mass.; Michael Sadler, 33, of Bristol; Kimball Abbott, 45, of S. Dartmouth, Mass., and Jaime Tellez, 45, of Providence.
This year's 47th issue of Shueisha's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine is revealing on Monday that the Black Clover event anime that will screen at this year's Jump Special Festa Anime event will star Shun Horie (Phantasy Star Online 2: The Animation's Seiya Urisaka) as Asta and Sōma Saitō (Haikyu!!'s Tadashi Yamaguchi) as Yuno.
XEBEC is animating the anime, which will feature an original story.
This year's Jump Special Anime Festa event will first take place in Tokyo's Yomiuri Hall on November 27, and then in Sapporo's Sapporo Cinema Frontier, Nagoya's Toho Cinemas Nagoya Bay City, Osaka's Toho Cinemas Umeda Main Building and Nanba Main Building, and Fukuoka's Toho Cinemas Tenjin Main Building on December 4.
Viz Media publishes Yūki Tabata's original Black Clover manga in North America, and it describes the story:
SHONEN JUMP's breakaway hit of 2015, a fantasy action-adventure about mastering magical powers. Asta is a young boy who dreams of becoming the greatest mage in the kingdom. Only one problem – he can't use any magic! Luckily for Asta, he receives the incredibly rare five-leaf clover grimoire that gives him the power of anti-magic. Can someone who can't use magic really become the Wizard King? One thing's for sure – Asta will never give up! The series is also currently featured in WEEKLY SHONEN JUMP magazine.
Viz Media publishes the manga digitally in its Weekly Shonen Jump magazine, and also in print.
Former Miss Turkey sentenced to prison for ‘insulting' Erdoğan
ISTANBUL – Doğan News Agency
“The boundaries of criticism shouldn't be interpreted harshly due to the complainant being a state authority. We think that the statements my client shared should be evaluated politically. That's why we demand the acquittal of my client,” said Ali Deniz Ceylan, Büyüksaraç's lawyer, on May 31.
The prison sentence of one year, two months and 17 days was postponed. Up to four years and five months in prison was sought for Büyüksaraç.
The lawyers of the parties were the only participants in the hearing, in which Erdoğan's lawyer claimed that Büyüksaraç's statements could not be evaluated within the framework of criticism.
“An attack took place against the personal rights of my client. We want the defendant to be punished,” said Erdoğan's lawyer, Hatice Özay.
Büyüksaraç had said that she was regretful in her defense in the first hearing of the case and asked for her acquittal.
“The poem I've shared was shared 960,000 times on social media. I shared the poem via giving quotes from it. The comments near the pictures and the poems, which are in the bill of indictment, don't belong to me,” Büyüksaraç said.
“I'm regretful that the post I shared was perceived as an insult,” she also said.
Former Miss Turkey and model Merve Büyüksaraç has been sentenced to prison for “insulting” President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan during his prime ministry via a post on Instagram. A complaint was filed against Büyüksaraç, who was chosen Miss Turkey in 2006, for “openly insulting a public official for his duty.”
The terrorist attacks of 13 November have had an enduring effect on people living in Paris and France's other big cities. Hotel bookings and restaurant reservations are down, and some people will no longer go out in the evening. There have been several other minor terrorist outrages across the country since November, and tension — prompted by repeated government warnings — remains high. The campaign for the 2017 presidential elections will start in July, but François Hollande's popularity, which soared after the Charlie Hebdo attacks a year ago, has been sliding again.
Hollande's polls rose slightly after he declared a state of emergency on 14 November. During a state of emergency, the French government assumes fearsome powers that are normally only exercised in time of war. It can suspend daily life without the usual legal authority. In the interests of public safety, a minister can, without justifying his decision, ban meetings and demonstrations, search private property, close business premises, impose a curfew and even order house arrests. The period of emergency has just been extended and is now due to last until the end of May.
This decision is not universally popular, although it has general public support. It has been strongly opposed by the political left and is due to be debated next week in the National Assembly. Leading the protests is France's Human Rights League (Ligue des Droits de l'Homme, or LDH) which argues that the extension is unjustified on security grounds and that it is a political move intended to pre-empt criticism of the government in the case of further attacks. The LDH petition has been signed by more than 400 university teachers, by many law professors, by one of the police unions and by the judges' union.
The growing opposition to the state of emergency is only one of the problems faced by Hollande and his prime minister Manuel Valls as they struggle against Islamist terrorism. And the curious thing is that most of the criticism is not coming from their political opponents but from their own supporters.
In another anti-terrorist move, President Hollande decided at the end of last year to introduce a law that would enable him to strip anyone convicted of terrorist offences of their French nationality, provided they had a second nationality to protect them from becoming stateless. ‘Anyone who commits an act of terrorism against France excludes himself from the pacte républicain,' according to prime minister Valls. This idea, known as la déchéance, was originally thought up by leaders of the official opposition party — the Republicans, under ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy — and was warmly supported by the far-right Front National.
In an atmosphere where even government supporters are demanding more ‘order', ‘authority' and ‘repression' — and some are even demanding the reintroduction of the death penalty — Mr Hollande was hoping he would wrongfoot his opponents and demonstrate his determination to protect the people of France. Unfortunately for the president, such a law requires an amendment to the constitution of the Fifth Republic — and constitutional amendments require a majority in both the National Assembly and in the Senate. Since many members of his own Socialist majority in the Assembly once again oppose the amendment, the president can only get this bill passed with the support of the opposition.
Just before Christmas, the last remaining influential left-winger in the government, the minister of justice, Christiane Taubira, who was an outspoken opponent of la déchéance, announced that the president was ready to drop the idea. This news delighted many on the left, but was promptly denied by a government spokesman. Last week Madame Taubira finally resigned. It had become obvious that she had lost an arm-wrestling match with the prime minister and that her influence over the president was at an end.
Her departure left Mr Hollande isolated within his own party and his left-wing members counting the days to electoral defeat. Madame Taubira has now published a closely argued pamphlet setting out her objections to the constitutional amendment in corrosive terms as ‘an empty symbol' that breaches the principle of égalité, creating two classes of citizens and two classes of terrorists. She can now be expected to lead the Socialist opposition to an amendment that will be proposed by the prime minister.
But that is not the end of the problems faced by the increasingly unpopular Manuel Valls. He has also managed to fall out with an entirely different constituency in the grand coalition that makes up the French left. Before he became prime minister, Mr Valls was, among other things, the mayor of Évry, a new town 15 miles to the south of Paris. In that role he was one of the most ferocious critics of the Muslim ‘headscarf', which he banned not only in schools but in any public place and even for mothers taking part in school outings. His hardline attitude stemmed from his personal commitment to la laïcité (secularism), the principle of total separation between church and state.
Last month Mr Valls publicly rebuked the country's chief secularist, Jean–Louis Bianco, for not being fully committed to the cause. Mr Bianco, who is the president of the ‘Secular Observatory', an umbrella organisation that keeps watch over the movement's interests, had supposedly blotted his copybook by agreeing to join religious leaders in a public appeal for mutual understanding and tolerance. Mr Bianco, an ex-minister who was the highly influential secretary-general at the Elysée under President Mitterrand, does not have a very high opinion of Mr Valls and issued a furious rebuke in his turn, accusing the prime minister of supporting a small group of ‘secular fundamentalists' who threaten civil harmony and undermine his own attempts to strengthen national unity by building bridges between long-standing opponents.
The battle between secularists and their religious opponents in France breaks out at regular intervals and usually involves education. Its extension into the area of national security is potentially very dangerous. Now the squabble between secularists has revealed serious cracks in one of the pillars of the country's unwritten social contract. The fanatical intolerance shown by Mr Bianco's humanist critics recalls the revolutionary slogan of 1792, ‘Be my Brother, or I kill thee!' — and shows that some of the pharisaical spirit of the Enragés and the Committee of Public Safety lives on.
But with the Islamic community facing a sharp increase in racist incidents, and the chief rabbi of Marseilles advising his congregation not to wear their skull caps in the street, all that ‘secular fundamentalism' seems to have achieved to date is to unite Catholic, Jewish and Islamic leaders in a new alliance against a common enemy.
So, when people are already used to doing without health coverage, it's particularly annoying to have the government say you have to buy it, according to Albaugh and many of his neighbors in Lassen, Modoc and Shasta Counties.
While Obamacare is largely viewed as a success in California – the state marketplace, Covered California, is one of the most financially stable in the country – it hasn't worked as well for folks in this rural northeast corner of the state.
There are two insurers selling plans in each county here, but residents say that hasn't created enough competition to bring down prices. Plus, a lot of the doctors they're used to seeing don't take the marketplace plans.
“Being told you have to have insurance you can't afford, and then that doesn't cover what you need? You are stuck,” says Modoc County resident Althia Cline, who decided to forego coverage - and a surgery she needed for her asthma.
Just like the movie theater and bowling alley, most medical specialists are miles away. In Modoc County, there's nowhere to have a baby. Tessa Anklin, who lives in Canby, Calif., gave birth to her son and daughter over the border in Oregon, an hour and a half away from home.
Anklin makes about $33,000 a year as a dental receptionist. Her husband does seasonal work baling hay and herding cattle at local ranches. While their kids are covered by Medi-Cal, neither parent gets health insurance through work, and before the Affordable Care Act passed, Anklin and her husband did without coverage for a while.
Two years ago, they bought a plan through Covered California. With a subsidy, they paid just $2 a month for their premium, but their deductible was $10,000.
“We paid for all of our medical services and our prescriptions,” she says. “We had no help until we reached the $10,000 deductible. So really, we had nothing.”
Then, last year, their monthly premium jumped to $600. The plan was the same, Anklin says, and their household income was the same. But they still faced the same hour and a half drive to see doctors they almost never needed.*
Anklin thought of all the other ways she could spend that money.
“It makes the car payment. Almost your mortgage payment. Groceries for at least four months,” she says. “That's a big difference, when you think about how little you actually use the health coverage.”
That's the reason she decided to cancel her health plan this year and go without. But she'll still have to pay a penalty when the next tax season comes around.
“It basically penalizes us one way or the other because we can't afford the coverage,” she says. “So that's kind of difficult, to be that middle-class person.”
Anklin says she'd be happy to see Republicans get rid of Obamacare.
“To me, it's no good, if you have to force people to pay yet another something out of their paycheck when they're already trying to survive with what they have,” she says. “It should be an option.”
But the Republican repeal and replace plan wouldn't make things much better for Anklin and her neighbors. Average premiums in California would double under the GOP plan, according to a recent analysis from the Kaiser Family Foundation. Anklin could end up paying more than $2,000 a month for coverage, according to Kaiser's county-by-county projections.
That's not what she had in mind for a fix.
“I'd love that insurance could be more affordable for families that need it, for families that work hard for it,” Anklin says.
With the Republican bill now in flux, Democrats have been more willing to admit to Obamacare's flaws. The Dems agree that the rising costs of marketplace plans are the chief complaint they hear about, too.
Democrats have also said if the Republican bill fails, they'd be willing to work together on solutions, but it's not clear the parties could agree on one that would help people like Anklin.
If they can't, she says she has no choice but to continue to go without coverage. Financially it makes sense in the short term, but it still worries her.
“If I ever have a problem,” she says, “I know I will be paying for the rest of my life.”
An image of Saturn's moon Enceladus backlit by the Sun, taken by the Cassini mission. The false color tail shows jets of icy particles and water that spray into space from an ocean that lies deep below the moon's icy surface. Future missions could search for the ingredients for life in an ocean on an icy moon like Enceladus.Credit: NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
Scientists have reproduced in the lab how the ingredients for life could have formed deep in the ocean 4 billion years ago. The results of the new study offer clues to how life started on Earth and where else in the cosmos we might find it.
Astrobiologist Laurie Barge and her team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, are working to recognize life on other planets by studying the origins of life here on Earth. Their research focuses on how the building blocks of life form in hydrothermal vents on the ocean floor.
The full press release is available at NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
The research, “Redox and pH gradients drive amino acid synthesis in iron oxyhydroxide mineral systems,” is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Source: [NASA JPL]
Read More
Buy Photo Harriett Myers of Lynn Haven, right, joined with other members of the Democratic Women's Club of Florida to call for a statewide fracking ban. (Photo: Jeff Burlew/Democrat)Buy Photo
Bills that would create a regulatory framework for fracking in Florida and allow chemicals used in the process to be kept secret from the public easily cleared their first committee stops Tuesday.
Members of the Senate Environmental Preservation and Conservation Committee voted 6-2 along party lines in favor of Senate Bill 1468, which would require the state to adopt rules regulating high-pressure well stimulation, a form of fracking, and Senate Bill 1582, which would create an exemption in public-records laws for chemicals used in fracking. Both bills are sponsored by Sen. Garrett Richter, R-Naples, who was out of town at the time of the hearing.
Concerned citizens packed into the hearing room to express concerns that hydraulic fracturing, also known as fracking, would cause environmental harm to the state's drinking-water supply by injecting dangerous chemicals into the ground and pose risks to human and animal health.
Jim Tatum, a member of Our Santa Fe River, warned lawmakers that regulations will not stop problems resulting from fracking.
"They will only serve as a guideline to determine how poisoned we want to be," he said. "We can argue over how contaminated we want our water, and we can sit around in meetings and hearings and negotiate how dead we want our bodies to be. Regulations can be broken with little fear of punishment."
Supporters say SB 1468 would provide regulations for fracking, which is already allowed in Florida, including requirements for permits, monitoring and inspection and fines for any violations. The bill is backed by the oil and gas industry and other powerful groups including the Florida Chamber of Commerce and Associated Industries of Florida.
"I'm going to support it because I think you can have both — you can protect the environment and you can also keep America on track in the utilization of its energy and natural resources," said Sen. Thad Altman, R-Rockledge.
But opponents argued that there is no safe form of fracking.
"There is no regulatory or permitting scheme that guarantees that the aquifers of the people of Florida will not be compromised and contaminated," said David Cullen, lobbyist for the Sierra Club Florida. "While we may stipulate that the probability of that happening might be low, the consequences could be catastrophic."
Hydraulic fracturing is a process by which water, chemicals and sand are injected under high pressure to release natural gas trapped in rock formations. Critics say it has led to major problems in other states where it has occurred, including contamination of the water supply with chemicals such as benzene, a known carcinogen.
John Dickert, a retired engineer from Madison, said California found the wastewater resulting from fracking to be poisonous.
"Florida does not need to experiment with this," he said. "It's already been proven in other states."
Sen. Darren Soto, D-Orlando and a member of the committee, offered amendments that would have increased fines and placed a moratorium on fracking. But he failed to get support for them. He said Richter's legislation is intended to "pave the way for fracking here in the state of Florida," something he called "short-sighted."
"I don't think the answer here is to regulate — it's to eliminate any chance of this happening," Soto said. "Chemicals will be thrust deep into the ground, and to say that anybody here is going to know exactly how that's going to affect our water supply with any certainty is kidding themselves."
Only one instance of fracking is known to have occurred in Florida, in late 2013 in rural Collier County not far from the Everglades. The Florida Department of Environmental Protection fined the Dan A. Hughes Co. $25,000 for violating its permit and ordered it to conduct groundwater testing after it used a procedure that critics called fracking.
Paula Cobb, DEP deputy secretary for regulatory programs, told lawmakers that a subsequent report from an outside firm found "no adverse effects" from the fracking incident.
"This legislation is in part a response to what occurred in 2013, because we did not have something like what we have in this bill today, which specifically prohibits this activity without a DEP-issued permit," she said, adding that the legislation would put in place a "robust regulatory framework."
Earlier in the day, Soto and other Democratic lawmakers joined in a news conference with the Democratic Women's Club of Florida to call for a ban on fracking. Soto and other Democrats have offered bills that would enact such a ban.
"My biggest concern about fracking is the water system," said Harriett Myers of Lynn Haven. "I feel sure it will contaminate the water — it has happened in other states. And they're using very dangerous chemicals, a lot of chemicals of which they won't even tell us about so that we can treat ourselves if we become ill."
3:25 p.m. update
Members of the Senate Environmental Preservation and Conservation Committee voted along party lines in favor of bills that would establish a regulatory framework for hydraulic fracturing or fracking in Florida and allow chemicals used in the process to be kept secret.
Both bills, sponsored by Sen. Garrett Richter, R-Naples, passed 6-2, with opposition coming from Democratic members of the panel.
Environmental groups oppose the bills; industry and business groups are supporting them.
Check back with Tallahassee.com for more on this story.
Morning update
Democratic lawmakers and members of the Democratic Women's Club of Florida are holding a news conference this morning at the Capitol to push for legislation that would ban hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, in the state.
The news conference will be 10 a.m. in the House media room on the third floor of the Capitol.
Taking part are Rep. Evan Jenne, D-Dania Beach, Sen. Darren Soto, D-Orlando, and Maureen McKenna, president of the Democratic Women's Club of Florida.
Jenne is sponsoring HB 169, and Soto is sponsoring the companion bill, SB 166, which would ban fracking in Florida. Supporters of the ban say fracking would cause environmental harm and pose health dangers to residents and tourists.
The Senate Environmental Preservation and Conservation Committee is set to hear a pair of bills today that critics say would lay the regulatory groundwork for fracking to continue in Florida and keep chemicals used in the process hidden from public scrutiny. The bills are SB 1468 and SB 1582. The Senate panel meets at 1:30 p.m.
Hydraulic fracturing is a process in which water, sand and chemicals are injected under high pressure into rock formations to extract natural gas. Supporters of the process say it is boosting domestic energy supplies and reducing the country's dependance on foreign oil.
Check back with Tallahassee.com for more on this story.
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/1bMGd18
Image caption Mr Morales said he had ordered the military to take control of REE in the name of the Bolivian people
Spain's economy minister has expressed disappointment with Bolivia's nationalisation of a Spanish-owned electric power company.
Luis de Guindos warned it could deter investment, but also stressed Bolivia had agreed to pay compensation.
The European Commission said the move sent a "negative signal" to investors.
President Evo Morales ordered the takeover of REE's Bolivian subsidiary on Tuesday, saying it had not invested enough in Bolivia.
Mr Guindos responded by saying that TDE (Transportadora de Electricidad) had been providing Bolivians with a "good service".
The company owns and runs around three-quarters of Bolivia's power grid.
"The Spanish government does not like such decisions, because they fail to provide legal security for Spanish capital investment in countries like Bolivia," Mr Guindos said.
Analysis Evo Morales' claim that TDE's Spanish owners had not invested enough money in Bolivia was strikingly similar to the remarks of his Argentine counterpart Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner two weeks ago, when she announced that her government was taking over the Spanish firm Repsol's majority stake in the energy company YPF. However the commercial and strategic value of TDE, which manages a large part of Bolivia's electricity network, does not compare with that of YPF. Analysts reckon the Argentina-based energy company is worth somewhere in the region of $25-35bn (£15-22bn). That, at least in part, explains why the language coming from Spain's government in relation to the Bolivian case has, so far, been markedly different to its reaction to the YPF takeover. Today, Spain's economy minister expressed unease at the move, but his comments were measured. Luis de Guindos was keen to underline that Bolivia had promised to pay REE a decent price for TDE. Interestingly, President Morales' announcement on his plan to nationalise TDE came just hours before he and the boss of Spain's Repsol opened a natural gas plant in the south of Bolivia. Spain will be keen to protect other commercial interests in the country and the continent. It is playing down comparisons between the Bolivian and Argentinian cases.
The European Commission's trade spokesman, John Clancy, also voiced concern at the Bolivian government's decision.
"Actions like this one necessarily send a negative signal to international investors over the business and investment climate in Bolivia," he said.
However, Mr Guindos stressed that the case was "very different" from Argentina's decision last month to nationalise the oil firm YPF, in which Spanish company Repsol had a controlling stake.
He did not elaborate, but according to Spanish daily newspaper ABC the damage to REE will be far smaller than that inflicted on Repsol by the nationalisation of YPF.
'Negative'
"They are independent situations," Mr Guindos said. "These are decisions which are essentially negative for the countries that take them, for the governments that take them."
"They have medium-term implications in terms of these countries' economic development and for the security of investments, which are vital."
Argentina's move prompted an angry response from Spain and the European Union.
The EU's Trade Commissioner Karel de Gucht said the consequences for Argentina's economic development would "be felt for a long time to come".
President Morales announced the takeover of TDE at a May Day ceremony.
"In honour of all Bolivian people who have struggled to recuperate our natural resources and basic services, we are nationalising Transportadora de Electricidad (TDE)," he said.
Mr Morales did not say how the Spanish power company would be compensated, but in his decree he stipulated that the state would negotiate a payout with REE.
Both Mr Guindos and the European Commission said they would be keeping a close eye on whether Bolivia honoured its promise to compensate the firm.
REE bought 99.94% of shares in TDE in 2002. The remaining 0.06% are in the hands of the Bolivian employees of TDE.
TDE's nationalisation is the latest in a series of expropriations decreed by President Morales.
On May Day 2010, he expropriated four power-generating companies.
One of them, British electricity utility company Rurelec, is currently seeking compensation for the takeover at the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague.
The most peaceful of peaceful Black Lives Matter rallies took place Friday evening in Lee's Summit, Missouri, a conservative suburb of Kansas City -- perhaps because the organizer is a former police officer and Army veteran. Richard Sanford, dressed like he had just come from a backyard barbecue, told the assembled that the purpose of the event was to draw attention "to police brutality and injustice."
But his message for the young protesters -- mostly high school kids -- was not what we have come to expect at a Black Lives Matter rally, where extreme, anti-police rhetoric is the norm. He began by thanking the chief of police and the mayor of Lee's Summit for being so helpful. Police had blocked off the street, and were keeping a lookout from rooftops to keep the peace.
"All of the police officers that are here -- they're not here to intimidate, they're not here to harass -- they're here to protect all of us," he said, starting off on a very un-BlackLivesMatter-like note.
"I tell my children all the time, if you are ever confronted ... by the police or any type of law enforcement official, I want you to cooperate as best you can," he advised the group. "I know a lot of you are saying that Mr. Castile cooperated...but let justice prevail and let the police do their investigation and find out what happened before everyone starts jumping to conclusions."
(It's a national disgrace that these simple, common sense words have never escaped the lips of President Barack Obama.)
"I don't think anyone is out here today to say they hate all white people like that idiot in Dallas," Sanford continued. "This is not Dallas. This is a small town -- a loving community called Lee's Summit."
A former St. Louis area police officer, Sanford said that in the seventeen years he's lived in Lee's Summit, he's never had a problem with the police. "I think they are trained very well," he said.
Sanford took some time to instruct the young people on how to behave when and if they have an encounter with the police (comply, keep hands on the steering wheel, make no furtive movements, etc.) and told them, "I want you to get home alive" adding, "that being said, stay out of trouble!"
"You guys have to understand something," Sanford went on. "Every single day when our public servants leave their house, they also have in the back of their mind that this may be the last time that they see their families." He bluntly added that "a large percentage of the time they are dealing with the scum of the earth."
Sanford urged the protesters to "take personal accountability" for their own actions, explaining that "respect ... that is something that is actually given and reciprocated."
Sanford then veered into un-PC territory, lecturing the rally-goers on the importance of dressing appropriately.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Four inmates overdosed in two days at the same Ohio prison earlier this year, requiring the use of CPR and doses of an anti-overdose drug as guards scrambled to revive the men, according to state prison records.
The “inmate was unresponsive, blue in the face and lips and did not have a pulse nor was he breathing,” according to a report on an overdose late in the evening of Feb. 18 at Pickaway Correctional Institution. The next night, an inmate was found “laying on the floor of bathroom with eyes closed, covered in vomit,” another report said.
The documents, obtained by the Associated Press through an open records request, don't name the drugs the inmates used, but say guards administered the anti-overdose drug naloxone to revive them. Naloxone is typically used to revive people overdosing on opioids like prescription painkillers and heroin.
The high cost of treatment for an addict
Ohio prison officials say multiple overdoses in such a short period at the same prison is unusual, but say the state's opiate epidemic is also inside prison walls, which is why they keep the anti-overdose drug stocked.
“Contraband does filter in. That's why we have these tools,” said Stuart Hudson, the prison agency's health care and fiscal managing director.
Overdoses behind bars have become an issue as the country's painkiller and heroin epidemic has worsened, though the problem is more closely associated with jails. Earlier this month, seven female inmates overdosed at the Fayette County Jail in southwestern Ohio.
In New Hampshire, on a single weekend in January three inmates overdosed in the state prison for men in Concord and a fourth overdosed and died at a New Hampshire prison halfway house in Manchester. Officials used naloxone on two of the three inmates in the men's prison.
Drug overdoses are among the leading causes of deaths in California state prisons, killing an average of 17 inmates each year, according to a 2016 report by a federal court-appointed receiver who oversees the system as a result of a long-running lawsuit over inmate health care.
What it's like to follow a recovering heroin addict through his journey
An investigation is underway to figure out where the drugs came from that led to the overdoses at the Ohio prison 15 miles southwest of Columbus, said prisons spokeswoman JoEllen Smith. The Department of Rehabilitation and Correction takes the prevention and seizure of contraband seriously, she added.
Hudson said most offenders enter with some kind of substance abuse problem that follows them during their time behind bars. Illegal drugs enter the prisons via visitors and staff and other ways, such as being thrown over fences, he said.
The agency continues to boost treatment programs to address the issue. The state is also getting ready to test a system injecting inmates about to be released with a drug that blocks the craving for opiates.
Source: Bikeriderlondon/Shutterstock
Over the years, neurobiologists have identified several factors that are highly correlated or associated with violent behavior in people.
First, the failure to develop adequate coping mechanisms in has been associated with violent behavior later in life. Second, neglect and abuse by caregivers during childhood have been linked to an increased risk of adult violence.
Third, ( and ) is highly correlated with increased and violence in adolescents and adults. Fourth, childhood brain —due to severe head injury during childhood—has been linked by neurologists to violent behavior in adulthood.
Each one of these correlates of violence—that is, factors which are often found in combination with it—has been observed among violent criminals and murderers over the years.
Although these factors have been scientifically linked to violent behavior, none of them, either individually or collectively, should be considered sufficient or even necessary for an individual to become violent.
In order to understand violent behavior it is necessary to know some fundamental principles about human first. The personalities of people represent who they are and how they behave. Personalities result from and upbringing, and reflect how people view the world and believe the world views them.
Personalities dictate how people interact with others and how they cope with problems, both real and imagined. Human personalities develop and evolve until sometime around their late twenties. After that, human personalities are hardwired, static and cannot be altered.
Forensic psychologists have discovered that certain key traits of violent behavior are very consistent with an known as . This disorder is manifested in certain distinct and troublesome behavioral traits and characteristics.
Sociopathy is not classified as mental illnesses by the American Association (APA). The fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5), released by the APA in 2013, lists sociopathy under the heading of Antisocial (ASPD).
The APA estimates that there are approximately eight million sociopaths in the U.S. Therefore, many of us know one, and may be related to one or intimately involved with one.
Sociopathy is characterized by the following personality and behavioral traits:
A disregard for laws and social mores
A disregard for the rights of others
A failure to feel remorse or
A tendency to display violent behavior and emotional outbursts
Sociopaths tend to be volatile. That is, they tend to be nervous and easily agitated or angered. They are volatile and prone to emotional outbursts, including fits of rage. In addition, they may be uneducated and live on the fringes of traditional society, unable to hold down a steady or stay in one place for very long. They are frequently transients and drifters.
It is difficult but not impossible for sociopaths to form attachments with others. They are capable of bonding emotionally and demonstrating with certain people in certain situations but not others. Many sociopaths are able to form an to a particular individual or group, although they have no regard for society in general or its rules.
In the eyes of others, sociopaths will typically appear to be very disturbed. Any crimes committed by a sociopath will tend to be haphazard or spontaneous. If they commit murder, for example, their decision to kill will typically be impulsive and triggered by a fit of rage. The killing itself will generally be committed in a blitz-like attack on the victim and the crime scene will be very messy and disorganized.
It is believed that sociopathy is the result of “nurture” ( ) rather than “nature” (genetics). According to the late Dr. David Lykken, a behavioral geneticist known for his studies involving , sociopathy is the product of childhood trauma and abuse. Because sociopathy appears to be learned rather than innate, sociopaths are capable of empathy or forming an emotional connection with others, but only to certain individuals such as a family member or a , and only in certain circumstances.
The good news about sociopaths is that due to their volatile personalities, you can typically see them coming. Forewarned is forearmed.
On a related subject, I examine the public's intense fascination with notorious and deadly serial killers, including David Berkowitz (“Son of Sam”) and Dennis Rader (“Bind, Torture, Kill”) with whom I personally corresponded, in my book Why We Serial Killers: The Curious Appeal of the World's Most Savage Murderers. To read the reviews and order it now, visit: http://www.amazon.com/dp/1629144320/ref=cm_sw_r_fa_dp_B-2Stb0D57SDB
In a forthcoming book that is tentatively titled Women We Love to Hate: Jodi Arias, Pamela Smart, Casey Anthony and Others I explore the intense fascination with female killers and why they are demonized by the media and much of the public. More specifically, I examine the social processes that transform certain attractive, young, white females who are charged with murder into high-profile, monsters.
Dr. Scott Bonn is professor of sociology and at Drew University. He is available for expert consultation and media commentary. Follow him @DocBonn on Twitter and visit his website docbonn.com
BeMyFet.com
You are about to enter a website that contains content of an adult nature. These pages are designed for ADULTS only and may include pictures and materials that some viewers may find disturbing and or offensive. If you are under the age of 18, if such material offends you or if it is illegal to view such material in your community please EXIT now.
You are 18 or older and do not reside in a state or community where it is illegal to view, download, or possess such adult material/content. If you are under the age of eighteen years, are offended by such materials, or are acting on behalf of any governmental agency, you are not authorized to download any materials from BeMyFet.com and any and all such downloading shall constitute intentional infringement of BeMyFet.com rights in such materials. All materials, messages, and other communications contained at BeMyFet.com are intended for distribution exclusively to consenting adults in locations where such materials, messages and other communications do not violate any community standards or any federal, state or local law or regulation of the United States or any other country.
Hackers have followed through on their promise to reveal data from cheating website Ashley Madison: some 9.7Gb of data was posted last night to the dark web, potentially sparking cheaters' worst nightmares.
It is understood the Ashley Madison data was posted to the dark web using an Onion address that is accessible only through the Tor browser, including details and logins of the 32m members of the social-networking site for cheaters.
AshleyMadison.com is a website that enables married people to seek potential partners for affairs.
It emerged in recent weeks that Ashley Madison was hacked and hackers were threatening to expose the data of millions of users. The hackers, calling themselves Impact Team, demanded that the website shut down or they would expose the data.
Among those who will be sleeping poorly tonight are the alleged 115,000 Irish users of the site. Irish people were ranked 10th per capita globally in the list of worldwide members of cheaters on Ashley Madison, with apparently 2.5pc of the population signed up, The Irish Times reported.
The dating website for affairs called Ashley Madison is just one of a conglomerate of three hook-up websites — the other two being Cougar Life and Established Men, the latter of which also had its information hacked — run by a Canadian company called Avid Life Media (ALM).
The 9.7Gb file posted to the dark web is believed to contain emails, member profiles, credit card transactions and other information that can be obtained as a BitTorrent download.
The dump also included passwords that were cryptographically protected using the bcrypt hashing algorithm.
“Avid Life has failed to take down Ashley Madison and Established Men,” the hackers wrote.
“We have explained the fraud, deceit, and stupidity of ALM and their members. Now everyone gets to see their data.”
Lipstick on the Ashley Madison servers told a tale on you
“We have now learned that the individual or individuals responsible for this attack claim to have released more of the stolen data,” ALM said in a statement.
“We are actively monitoring and investigating this situation to determine the validity of any information posted online and will continue to devote significant resources to this effort.”
ALM slammed those responsible. “This event is not an act of hacktivism, it is an act of criminality. It is an illegal action against the individual members of AshleyMadison.com, as well as any freethinking people who choose to engage in fully lawful online activities.
‘Every week sees new hacks disclosed by companies large and small, and though this may now be a new societal reality, it should not lessen our outrage. These are illegitimate acts that have real consequences for innocent citizens who are simply going about their daily lives'
– ALM
“The criminal, or criminals, involved in this act have appointed themselves as the moral judge, juror, and executioner, seeing fit to impose a personal notion of virtue on all society. We will not sit idly by and allow these thieves to force their personal ideology on citizens around the world. We are continuing to fully cooperate with law enforcement to seek to hold the guilty parties accountable to the strictest measures of the law.
“Every week sees new hacks disclosed by companies large and small, and though this may now be a new societal reality, it should not lessen our outrage. These are illegitimate acts that have real consequences for innocent citizens who are simply going about their daily lives.
“Regardless, if it is your private pictures or your personal thoughts that have slipped into public distribution, no one has the right to pilfer and reveal that information to audiences in search of the lurid, the titillating, and the embarrassing.”
According to Krebs On Security, a former Ashley Madison CTO who has been consulting with the company since the hack became public has doubted the veracity of the data that has been dumped and has suggested the data may be fake.
“There's definitely not credit card information, because we don't store that,” Raja Bhatia said. “We use transaction IDs, just like every other PCI-compliant merchant processor. If there is full credit card data in a dump, it's not from us, because we don't even have that.”
Either way, if there's a sliver of evidence in the dump that suggests married individuals had been planning or engaging in extracurricular activities, it is poor comfort for Ashley Madison's users.
Affair image via Shutterstock
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced that there will be no charge for MTA riders entering stations on the A subway line between Howard Beach and the Rockaway Peninsula and stations on the R subway line between Bay Ridge-95th Street and Court Street on Tuesday, October 29, the one year anniversary of Superstorm Sandy.
"On the one year anniversary of Superstorm Sandy we want to thank New Yorkers who made it through the storm with both resilience and good spirits," Governor Cuomo said. "Superstorm Sandy was particularly difficult for New York City and Long Island, but the patience, the kindness, and good nature of New Yorkers helped our state in the immediate aftermath and over the past year as we have been rebuilding our communities. These free rides are a thank you to the MTA riders in the Rockaways in Queens and those who use the R train in Brooklyn for taking the hardships of the storm in stride and for their understanding in the months since."
From 12:01 Tuesday morning until 11:59 Tuesday evening, riders entering stations on the A line between Howard Beach and the Rockaway Peninsula and riders entering stations on the R line between Bay Ridge-95th Street and Court Street will not be charged a fare.
The Montague Tube on the R line was completely flooded by Sandy storm surge, and is closed for an extended outage as repair work proceeds so the tunnel can be reopened as quickly as possible. Residents of the Rockaways in Queens were without subway service for seven months after Sandy as the entire A line south of Howard Beach was rebuilt and fortified against future flooding.
There are an estimated 65,000 daily riders on the R train in Brooklyn and an estimated 30,000 daily riders on the A train from the Rockaways.
A video of the ongoing work to rebuild the Montague Tubes is now available on the MTAs YouTube page here: http://youtu.be/rwXFjunqEAs. Go to http://youtu.be/-KWFo5x2hK8 to view a video of the Tubes before rebuilding efforts commenced.
UPDATE, Nov 14, 2015, 10:05p:
See you on campus Saturday morning, you guys.
* * *
Dear College GameDay,
Ohio State has been featured on your show 33 times, the third most of any school in the country (Florida-36 Alabama-35). However this freshly minted generation of Buckeye fans would never know that. The last time you all hosted your show overlooking the Horse Shoe was in 2010, a long drought for one of the most prominent programs of the past two decades.
This is not a letter of anger because exogenous factors are the greatest reasons why Columbus has missed out, but next week, the 21st of November, the stage is set, the invitation is out, and all Buckeye nation needs is an RSVP.
My first live experience with your show was in 2005 ,as I was coming of age. You were all in town for the Texas-Ohio State "Showdown in the 'Shoe" that would go on to be a staple win in Vince Young's scorched earth campaign for the 2005 BCS National Championship. His Longhorns would beat the Buckeyes in an excruciating fashion (Thanks Hamby), but guys, Ohio State still provided must-watch TV.
You would all visit a few more times after 2005, for matchups with Penn State and Michigan in 2006, Penn State in 2008, USC in 2009, and Penn State again in 2010, but as the years rolled on, Columbus, Ohio became a second fiddle to the nation's southern campuses. Part of this phenomenon can be explained by the Big Ten's relative weakness in the past ten years, or perhaps Ohio State's propensity for playing their big games on the road, but times are changing.
The Ohio State University, fresh off the first ever College Football Playoff National Championship has won 23 straight games, and head coach Urban Meyer has won 48 out of 51 with the Buckeyes, which seems pretty good. The Big Ten is on an upwards trajectory as well, methodically regaining the prominence that it had misplaced for over a decade. This change of course for the pride of the Midwest is due in no small part to Michigan State's rise as a national power during the last three years. In fact, the most influential Big Ten games in recent memory has been matchups between Urban Meyer and Mark Dantonio, including the 2013 Big Ten Championship, and the 2014 classic in East Lansing that you all were lucky enough to attend.
This coming week will be a much awaited best two out of three style collision between the Spartans and the Buckeyes. Columbus will be hosting the game, and Buckeye Nation would like to cordially invite you to be witnesses. The national slate next week is fairly enticing, I get it, but I would like to present an argument as to why Columbus deserves your visit more than Norman, Stillwater, or even Salt Lake City.
Your inclination is probably to head to Stillwater next week, as the Baylor Bears will be in town to test their luck against a probable 10-0 Oklahoma State Cowboys team. But does the American television market want Baylor on your show two weeks in a row? I sure don't. Much like how your crew generally tries not to visit Alabama's games two weeks in a row (due to the need to spread the wealth), I argue that featuring two Baylor games in two weeks is a poor marketing strategy for your show. Furthermore, I think your crew wants to avoid another puppet show.
Another game next week that I am sure has drawn interest for a visit from your set is the TCU-Oklahoma game in Norman. This matchup, which also features a team that will be in this week's edition of your show (boring), is just as problematic as Baylor-Oklahoma State, because either Baylor or the Sooners will lose tonight, creating a serious buzzkill for the loser's matchup next week. An exacerbating factor to consider with this matchup is that TCU's star quarterback Trevone Boykin, left the game today quite early, leaving question as to whether he will be ready to take the field on November 21st at all. Also, TCU nearly lost to Kansas today. In football!
I would also argue that if Oklahoma wins tonight in Waco, their matchup next week with TCU is simply less important than Michigan State's trip to Columbus. There is little reason to believe that a one loss Big 12 team could even climb into the top four in the polls with one loss SEC, Pac 12, and perhaps even Big Ten teams with the luxury of conference championship games, almost certainly assured to stay ahead of them (De ja vu?). Therefore if Baylor wins tonight, you are stuck between the best empirical game (Baylor-OSU), and choosing to visit a Baylor game two weeks in a row, and if Oklahoma wins tonight, you are stuck between visiting the Sooners for a second straight week, and deciding if the TCU-Oklahoma game holds significant weight in the playoff's grand narrative as compared to the showdown in Columbus. This sounds like a total catch-22 to me, how about to you guys?
However a third choice for your set may emerge in Salt Lake City. Utah will be hosting UCLA next week and although you have been to both a UCLA away game, and a Utah home game this fall, I wouldn't put this location past you all. I admit it, the UCLA- Utah game has implications for the Pac 12 South, in fact at face value, it seems that it may likely decide who meets Stanford in the conference championship. But I caution you all from buying into this de facto line of thinking. While Utah does sit atop the Pac 12 South currently, USC is still very alive in the race for the south, even with its poor effort at Folsom Field last night in Pac 12 after dark fashion. The Trojans meet UCLA during rivalry week, and assuming Utah loses once more in the Pac 12, which it may very well do to UCLA, the USC-UCLA game would instead become the Pac 12 South championship essentially.
Now that I have helped your crew rule out those three locations for your show next week, Id appreciate if you all would listen once more to my plea as to why Columbus is the obvious choice. The Spartans, although beaten down by a disappointing loss to Nebraska, will still control their destiny in the Big Ten East, after a victory over Maryland today. Ohio State also controls its own destiny both in the Big Ten race and frankly, in the playoff race. TV ratings suggest that America loves watching the Buckeyes, and now, they finally get a chance to showcase what they can do on a big stage.
This will be senior quarterback Connor Cook's last hurrah in his effort to lead Michigan State to three straight New Year's Day bowl game wins, and I do not imagine he will concede easily. This week he struggled with shoulder injury, but his fight was apparent and the second half sidelining appeared to be almost completely precautionary due to the Spartan's large lead. Before leaving the game, Connor Cook played the whole second quarter, and although hurting, played without much apparent difference in ability, especially passing-wise. On the other side, this will be Braxton Miller's first game against Michigan State since the crushing 2013 loss in Indianapolis where many think he was asked to carry the ball a few too many times.
I get the feeling that this OSU-Michigan State game may be the last for a while to hold serious national implications as Michigan State and Ohio State are set to graduate or lose many of the Big Ten's premier players to the NFL. Although Ohio State may be quite good next fall with the probable return of JT Barrett to lead the charge, the Spartans will lose their senior leader Cook, and may not rebuild nearly as quickly; especially with the likely rise of their in state rival, Michigan, back to prominence.
While the roles has reversed since last year's matchup, the grand narrative is quite similar. One undefeated team at home, and one underdog on the road with an unexplainable loss. I would in no way rule out the Spartans from the playoff if they were to beat Ohio State this coming week, much like the Buckeyes situation entering East Lansing last fall.
I understand that you may be saving a trip to Big Ten country until "The Game" the week of Thanksgiving, but can I stress again that a visit to Columbus is what's been missing, not your crews presence holistically. You are often times with the Buckeyes on the road, in fact it is a fairly regular occurrence, but next week it is time that you show a new generation of Buckeye students and fans what it is like to wake up early and put on those symbolic orange plastic hard hats.
Kirk, my guess is that you are more than game for a homecoming. Corso, I imagine that you would sentimentally appreciate one last trip to Columbus before retirement. After all, your first ever headgear-pick was for Ohio State while in Columbus in 1996, isn't it only fitting that you put the Buckeye headgear on once more, on the same campus where sports media's most celebrated tradition was born?
Sincerely,
Buckeye Nation
Hassan Ali / Reuters Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Nayef bin Abdulaziz al-Saud speaks at a news conference about haj preparations in Mecca in this November 1, 2011 file photo.
As Saudi Arabia mourns the death of Crown Prince Nayef bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud, heir to the throne, there are likely to be as many gasps of apprehension as secret sighs of relief.
It's still not clear where Nayef, 78, was at the time of his death. Late last month he left Saudi for routine medical tests and a holiday at an unknown destination. Government officials, who said he was in good health as recently as June 3, had expected him back in the country “soon.” The death of Nayef, who was also deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior, comes just eight months after the death of his brother and former Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz, who was 86.
Nayef's appointment as crown prince last year was controversial in some circles, particularly among a younger generation of would-be leaders who perceived him to be more socially conservative and less reform minded than his brother the king. There were fears that if he were to take the throne he might overturn some of the King's reforms, such as the promise that women would be able to vote, and run, for the first time in 2015's local council elections.
(OBITUARY: Crown Prince Nayef Has Died)
But the death of a second heir to the throne in less than eight months threatens to upset the kingdom's fragile stability. King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz, who, at 87, has outlasted two heirs, will have some difficult decisions to make in the coming days as he presides over the appointment of the next crown prince. King Abdullah's third brother, former governor of Riyadh and current defense minister Prince Salman, 75 is a likely choice, though the king's half brother and Foreign Intelligence Chief Prince Muqrim, at a relatively sprightly 68, is also a contender.
With most of those directly in line to the throne hobbling about with canes, hip replacements or in wheelchairs, one could be forgiven for thinking of Saudi palaces as particularly well-appointed old age homes. The next few decades in Saudi Arabia are likely to be marked by a succession of funerals and coronations as the top position in the world's largest oil exporter cycles through a generation that had more to do with the Kingdom's foundations than it does with the country's future. As the crown passes from head to head, it is likely to slow the process of reform and progress in a kingdom that in many ways still feels mired in the last century. The ruling family's authoritarian grip on power may provide stability in the short term, but with half the population under the age of 18, and with a leadership almost entirely above the age of 70, it seems inevitable that tensions will rise.
(MORE: Why the Saudi Succession Spells Instability in the Long Term)
As I wrote in October last year, there is some speculation that the popular Mecca Governor Prince Khalid bin Faisal could also be in the running.
At 71 he may hit the mid range of the succession age spectrum, but his position of grandson to modern Saudi Arabia's founding monarch, Abdul-Aziz, as opposed to son, would represent a revolutionary change that would have repercussions not only in the uppermost ranks of the country's leadership, but could also open doors to a much younger and progressive generation in key ministries. As for the younger generation of Saudi rulers? There is certainly talent to be mined. But with more than 22,000 descendants of the founding royal family clamoring for position and recognition, it is unlikely that the succession will be smooth. As long as the sons of Abdul-Aziz are in power, the transitions will go in relatively orderly fashion, says says Gregory Gause, International Relations professor at the University of Vermont and a specialist in the opaque world of Saudi government. “But at some point it will have to go to the next generation. Some lines of the family will be privileged, and others will be sidelined. That will be tricky.” It opens up the possibility of splits in the family, political mobilization and mass politics – in short the very kind of instability that King Abdullah is currently trying to prevent. It may take a generation or two, but the Arab spring could yet bloom in the Saudi desert.
Aryn Baker is TIME's Middle East Bureau Chief, based in Beirut. Find her on Twitter at @arynebaker. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIMEWorld.
All must work in unison
None should insult the other
HYDERABAD: Leader of the House K Chandrasekhar Rao today appealed to the members to maintainA�restraint during the AssemblyA�proceedings. TheA� Chief Minister who invited theA� wrath from congress members for his absence when there was ruckus in the house on Minister Jagadish Reddya��s derogatory remarks, urged the members of all political parties to maintain decency andA� help forA� upkeep of the dignity of the house.
a�?We are playing our own roles in the house. We must work in unison for a single cause of state development and welfare of the peoplea��, he exhorted. The mike was off when congress member Chinna Reddy was speaking, while it was on when the minister was talking, he said. Indeed, the minister was wrong in saying what he did, said the chief minister. If the opposition members give emotional speech and target us,A�the ministers should rebut in the given limitations, he said. None of the members of the house shouldA�insult or belittle theA�other, KCR averred. a�?I agree with the argument of Jana Reddy and we invite his valuable suggestionsa��, he said. On behalf of Minister, I express sorry.
The ministers should not loose their cool even if the opposition members indulge in wrong talk or utter bad wordsa�� he suggested. This is not the way we have to pull up each other, but instead should complete the job without any scars, he said. a�?Let us stop personal criticism and using abusive wordsa�� KCR said. He urged the members to cooperate with the chair to send a good message to the people who are keenly watching our business in the house, the CM cautioned. (NSS)
Another season outside the Champions League spots but with plenty of reason to be optimistic about next year. It seems like an ever recurring pattern as a Liverpool fan, and even when we do qualify for the Champions League it manages to be just as painful. Last season we attracted a real top class manager, made it to two cup finals and played some exciting attacking football along the way, yet it all ended rather anticlimactically. But, as always, there are plenty of reasons to be hopeful about Liverpool's chances this season.
So how can we improve on last season?
The basic underlying metrics last season were promising:
Shots On Target For – 4th
Shots On Target Against – 4th
Shots On Target Ratio – 3rd
Shots in the Box Ratio – 3rd
Passes into the Box Ratio – 2nd
Klopp has a full preseason of preparation under his belt, so the gegenpressing should be in full swing come the start of the season. The focus on denying opponents time on the ball as both a defensive and attacking option has been noticeable in preseason, with two goals against Barcelona coming from quick breaks after a successful duel in midfield.
He's also had time to work on other tactics/player development/transfers putting Liverpool in much better stead than after the managerial takeover 9 games into last season. He'll be under less pressure than the most of the other top managers, and won't have the physical burden of European football this year. Anything other than top 4 for City, United, Arsenal, and Chelsea will be regarded as simply not good enough, whereas Liverpool and Spurs will surely be given a little more leniency from fans and directors.
But even though Klopp had Liverpool playing good football last season there seemed to be 2 main limiting factors preventing a serious challenge for the top 4:
1) Mignolet's incompetence
Using an expected saves model Mignolet conceded -4.9 more goals this than an average keeper would with the same shots. Considering you'd expect a keeper playing for a top 8 team to be better than average Mignolet cost Liverpool somewhere in the region of 5-6 goals.
If we plug this into the pythagorean formula here we can see this cost the team approximately 4 points, or the difference between placing 6th and 8th.
Considering shot stopping is apparently the best part of his game, which may unfortunately be true, this output would clearly hinder most teams in reaching the top 4.
2) Sturridge's lack of minutes
When fit, Sturridge is arguably the second best striker in the league and his goals per 90 whilst at Liverpool support that, as he's good for 2nd in Premier League history behind only Aguero at City. In the first half of the season Sturridge only managed to play 17% of possible time on the pitch, scoring 2 goals in 290 available minutes. This contributed to the Reds only scoring 22 goals in the first 19 games, level with Norwich, Bournemouth and Louis Van Gaal's army.
In the second half on the season he managed more playing time but still only 40% of available minutes, scoring 6 goals and assisting 1 in 690 minutes. Liverpool scored 4 more goals than any other team in the league in 2016, with Sturridge clearly having a positive impact even in his limited time on the pitch.
I think again we'll be heavily reliant on Sturridge's fitness although hopefully less so than last year. Origi's development has been promising and for as much negativity as he received Benteke's goal return is consistently good. All 3 strikers had very respectable seasons and given the strength/depth we have in attacking midfield have every chance to replicate these numbers again this season. Below numbers are from the Premier League and Europa League last year.
Goal Assists Mins G+A p90 Benteke 10 3 1741 0.67 Origi 7 2 1266 0.64 Sturridge 11 2 1460 0.80
I love the idea of having Benteke as an impact sub, his aerial prowess and shot numbers late in games are a serious threat, but whether we want to spend £120k a week on someone playing 30 minutes a game is obviously doubtful.
After the initially poor offensive output, Sturridge felt like had to take the burden on himself consistently shooting from range, much more often than in his best season to date in 13/14. His ExpG/shot dropped from .171 in 13/14 to just .109 last season. Hopefully Klopp can reign this in as there's only so much long range shooting a team should do and Coutinho more than fills our quota, having the most shots outside the box p90 in the league last season.
Transfers in
Loris Karius (£5m, £60k pw) –
A huge need filled fairly early on in the transfer window, Karius was bought with the intent to move straight into the first team. Unfortunately he picked up an injury in pre-season and looks like he'll miss the first 4-8 weeks of the season. His shot stopping numbers look pretty good, and as we've pointed out already Mignolet was calamitous so his value above replacement is high.
Mignolet was actually coming off a great season with Sunderland when we signed him so many fans may be worried that the same may happen with Karius. Fortunately Karius' numbers are better than Mignolet's when he joined. Using a probability method, I can calculate that an average keeper facing the same shots would have done worse about 71% of the time compared to a decent, but lesser 54% for Mignolet after his last season at Sunderland.
Goalkeeper Saves Expected Saves Saves Above Expected Average Difficulty Prob avg. keeper < X Loris Karius 327 321.3 5.66 0.271 71% Simon Mignolet 600 602.7 -2.72 0.292 40% Mignolet (Sunderland) 315 313.6 1.40 0.275 54% Mignolet (Liverpool) 285 289.1 -4.12 0.311 31%
Joël Matip (Free, £100k pw) –
First of all he made it into the Whoscored Bundesliga TOTY last season so, er… you know he's got to be good.
One of the main things that initially stands out about Matip is his experience for someone his age at centre-back
Age Apps Mins League Pos. 24 34 3060 5 23 17(4) 1546 6 22 31 2790 3 21 32 2873 4 20 30 2631 3 19 14(12) 1500 14 18 17(3) 1392 2 Total 194 15792
For perspective he has more Bundesliga minutes than Koscielny has Premier League minutes.
Since he was 18 he's been playing consistent first team minutes for a team competing for Champions League football, and considering that reliably analysing centre backs is a task that tests even the best analysts that's good enough for me.
A recent piece by Garry Gelade showed how important experience is in aiding forwards improve their rate of scoring. Although the analysis is for forwards, I like to think it also paints a broader picture of how important experience is in player development, but obviously more research would have to be done for confirmation.
Sadio Mane (£34m, £120k pw) –
Last year I had him as the attacking midfielder with the 2nd highest expected goals per 90 behind only Alexis Sanchez. He also had the second most shots in the box per 90 again behind Sanchez. He's had an impressive pre-season and shown how his pace and high shot output can add a counter attacking dimension to Liverpool's game which will help in the push for top 4. An attacking midfield trio of Coutinho, Firmino, and Mane looks very good on paper and with Lallana and Wijnaldum for depth we're looking pretty strong at this position. We can see just how impressive Mane's last season was when we look at his shot chart.
Georginio Wijnaldum (£23m, £75k pw) –
Possibly the most questionable of this season's signings. 11 goals and 5 assists is great production for someone splitting minutes between CM and AM for a relegated team, even if he did run a little hot scoring his 11 goals from only 54 shots. Will be interested to see how Klopp fits him into the team, since there's lots of competition for our 3 attacking midfield positions and Can and Henderson seem pretty set in the centre.
Transfers out
Joe Allen (£13m)
Not going to lie I am going to miss Welsh Pirlo/Xavi/Busquets but considering he was coming into the last season of his contract I've got to say this looks like a good deal. Joe always comes across pretty well whenever analysed by the analytics community and seemed to fit Klopp's system well with his impressive pressing abilities.
At the moment there is a fair amount of uncertainty in centre midfield, exacerbated by Milner picking up what seems to be a heel injury in the past week. It's probably going to lead Grujic needing to fill in some of the rotation minutes that Joe used to pick up, and we'll soon see if he's progressed enough to fill in his boots.
Jordan Ibe (£15m)
Another player I'll be sad to see leave but I think was good to value all things considering.
Judging a true value for him is clearly not an easy task. After the 14/15 season a fair amount of Liverpool fans were suggesting that out of Sterling and Ibe, the latter had the higher upside. He did slightly improve his successful dribbles (from 4.2 to 4.5 p90 ) shots in the box (from 0.7 to 1.1 p90), and key passes (from 1.1 to 1.5 p90) but it wasn't considered enough to compete with Coutinho/Firmino/Lallana and now Mane/Wijnaldum in playing as one of 3 attacking midfielders. Without him we are lacking in width a little bit though, and it looks like we'll heavily rely on our fullbacks to provide us with that attacking scope, as well as the occasional impact substitutions of Markovic and/or Ojo.
What can we expect from this season?
The hype train peaked relatively early last season when our title odds were slashed to 5/1 after a string of 2 or 3 good results late in November. This sent optimism into overload, before the very next game we lost miserably to Newcastle. This erratic form was a hallmark of the season and I'd not be surprised to see a similar amount of it this season. In fact, we've already practiced our volatility in preseason comfortably beating Barcelona 4-0 before Mainz beat us 4-0 in an equally comfortable fashion just a day later.
I do think that this season will be better, but there's a lot more strength at the top end of a league that was already very competitive and it will be tough for Liverpool to finish above two of Man City, Man Utd, Chelsea, Tottenham and Arsenal. That said, if the team can replicate some of the solid metrics from 2015-16 and get a bit of overdue luck along the way, especially with regard our goalkeeping, then it's possible that we can be in there pitching at the business end. Klopp has a ton of goodwill and the main hope for this season is to see genuine progress and for his methods to really start to bed in. If it all works, top 4 is possible, if not it could be 5th.
______________________________________
Check out our other previews here
Related
Article by Peter Owen
Ryan Fitzpatrick's lackluster career in Buffalo has come to a close. With his dismissal comes a new player in the "Who wants Geno Smith" contest. The Bills have officially just become the front runner.
If the Bills want Smith they are going to have to trade up for him because they currently draft behind the Cardinals who also are likely to be interested in Geno. The pick that is most likely to be traded for to get him is still the Raiders at number 3 so if the Bills are interested they should start by asking the Raiders what they want for their pick.
The Bills currently hold the number 8 pick in the draft, which is one slot behind the Cardinals at number 7. With the Bills now being likely to try and trade up for Geno Smith it also makes it so that if Arizona thinks Smith is the man for them then they will have to try and trade up too. They can't sit pat and allow the Bills to make a move ahead of them if they really want Geno.
This news is big for the Raiders because they would be best suited by moving down in the draft and collecting more picks for their many holes. If they can get a bidding war going between the Cardinals and the Bills that can only strengthen the Raiders compensation for their draft pick.
Ryan Fitzpatrick had just signed a contract last year with the Bills for 6 years and $62M which seemed pretty outrageous at the time to many. Now it appears to be cemented as fact as the Bills have cut him just one year later. Fitzpatrick had vastly underperformed after signing the contract which spelled doom for his time in Buffalo.
There are tons of reasons why you might want to shrink that number on the scale—to get in better shape, to boost your overall health, or even to feel fabulous on your wedding day. But if happiness is your goal, know this: losing weight won't necessarily make you happier, according to a recent survey for So Fabulous, a plus-size clothing line from the U.K.-based retailer Littlewoods.com.
The survey asked 2,000 women about their current size, happiness, and body confidence. They found that 49 percent of those whose weight had fluctuated in the past few years were happiest at a size 16 (roughly a size 12 to 14 in the U.S.). Plus, 52 percent of size 6 women (size 2-4 in the U.S.) would prefer to be curvier, while women sized 6 to 10 in U.K. sizes were more critical of their bodies than women who wore larger sizes.
The bottom line? Sure, you could get a temporary high from squeezing into your skinny jeans, but losing weight certainly isn't the key to loving life. “It's not the external achievement of some goal that's going to make us happy,” says clinical psychologist Andrea Bonior, Ph.D. “You think that will automatically change your life in some meaningful way, but it could be that your life pretty much remains the same.” That's because your happiness doesn't—and shouldn't—depend on just your weight. “A lot of times there is other stuff going on that's going to keep you unhappy,” says Bonior. Like, say, your relationships with loved ones, your work-life balance, and your overall health.
So what should you do? Make happiness a part of your get-healthy goals, not an end result, says Bonior. Find healthy recipes that you enjoy cooking, experiment with different workouts until you discover one (or more!) that you love, and buy cute gym clothes that make you feel awesome. “Yes, you can make nutrition and health goals,” says Bonior. “But don't make them about arriving at a certain size.”
More from Women's Health:
Can You Target Certain Body Parts for Weight Loss?
The New Weight-Loss Strategy: Just Don't Gain Weight
The Habit That's Costing You THOUSANDS of Calories
A day after four San Diego County cities tied or set new records for low temperatures, a heat wave is set to wash over the region beginning Friday, with the weather warming significantly throughout the weekend and into next week.
On Thursday, the temperature in El Cajon reached just 75 degrees at its peak, three degrees cooler than the previous record low for the date set in 2012, according to the National Weather Service. In Alpine, the mercury peaked at 76 on Thursday, also setting a new record low temperature for Aug. 24. The previous record low in the city on the date was 79 in 1990.
Vista and Ramona tied their previous record lows for the date. Vista reached just 74 degrees Thursday, matching the record from 2012. Ramona only got to 79, matching the record low from 1989.
Those cool temperatures were thanks in large part to a low-pressure system and deep marine layer that saw much of the county covered in clouds throughout the day. But a high-pressure system is moving over the western United States today, and with it will come extreme heat that could see temperatures in some areas jump more than 20 degrees in less than 24 hours.
In preparation for the hot weather, the NWS issued an excessive heat watch for San Diego County that will go into effect Sunday morning in most areas and Monday morning along the beaches. That heat watch will last through Tuesday evening throughout most of the county.
The hot weather is expected to last until at least Wednesday but could "carry on the entire week," the NWS said.
"It will be important to prepare for the heat and have a plan ready in case your (air conditioning) goes out or you don't have any (air conditioning)," the weather service said. "And don't physically exert yourself outdoors during the days."
The marine layer along the coast will be shallower today than it was Wednesday and Thursday, but was still expected to keep the weather relatively cool and pleasant at the beaches.
High temperatures today will be 71 to 76 degrees along the coast of San Diego but could rise as high as 88 on Monday and 90 on Tuesday, meteorologists predicted. The same warming trend will be seen throughout the county, with temperatures starting to rise today before soaring into triple digits in most areas on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
Kameron Hurley wrote a great post recently that everyone in the atheist community ought to read right about now. It's starts with an argument with a toddler.
I had the questionable delight of hanging out with a 3 year old for the last week, and at some point, when I hauled off his pants so he could go “Pee-pee in the potty” he proceeded to sit on said toilet for a solid five minutes having an argument with me because I'd said “Hey!” when he tried to hit his mother. “You YELLED at me!” he yelled. “We don't yell in this house.” “We don't hit our mom, either.” “We don't YELL. You HURT my FEELINGS.” At some point, this child will understand the difference between a feeling of guilt for being called out when he does something bad and actual hurt feelings, but today is not that day. “And you hurt your mom's feelings,” I said. “You don't hit your mom.” “We don't YELL IN THIS HOUSE.”
The post then goes on to use this framework to explain why the idea that Jonathan Ross was abused by that portion of the F&SF community that objected to his hosting this year's Hugo Awards at WorldCon is nonsense.
Because in all the rage about how fandom must be full of crazy idiots who no longer have a Great White Hope to Save their Genre From Obscurity, what nobody seems to remember is that the actual pushback on Twitter was not raised fists to hit him, but expressions of fear that Ross was going to hit their mom. It was the internet yelling, “HEY!” and asking for reassurance that they wouldn't be diminished, spat on, ridiculed, or raged at in their own house. (EDIT: for a sample of some of the “abuse” hurled at Ross, there's an abbreviated storify thread here) In fact, folks like Farah Mendlesohn spoke up pretty clearly about this early on, before the statement was made public (her post about resigning her committee position over the issue has since been made private) and Seanan McGuire bravely stated her fears point blank on Twitter, fears which, if I was a Hugo nominee and attendee, I would also share.
For doing that, for expressing their fear that Ross would do to them what he has done to others, for having a perfectly reasonable concern rooted in their history and Ross's, those women and others who expressed the same reservations were branded as “haters” and lectured for “vilify”ing Ross (or accused of “abusing” someone without a single piece of abuse in evidence). Neil Gaiman did this despite having had such reasonable fears himself at one point.
No, Gaiman's fears didn't come to pass. Ross was kind to him and to Dave McKean when they met. Those fears were still reasonable, though, given the history Gaiman cited. Ross made fun of people for a living. The fears of Charlie Stross, Patrick Nielsen Hayden, Farah Mendlesohn, and–yes–Seanan McGuire. Ross has a history of misogynistic humor. Would he have engaged in it onstage at the Hugo Awards? Maybe not. Is it a reasonable fear that he would? Absolutely.
It was with that in mind that I answered a request from a friend yesterday who was concerned that when a chunk of organized atheism reacted to Hemant giving guest post space to a crappy (really crappy, really, really crappy) pro-life “argument” by saying, “This is not up for debate”, it was somehow a worrisome, anti-intellectual position denying the possibility of any ethical questions surrounding abortion aside from bodily autonomy. I'll share with you more or less what I shared with my friend.
The problem with debating the ethics of abortion beyond the question of bodily autonomy is that the question of bodily autonomy for women is not settled yet (using “women” because for trans and genderqueer people, I'd say it's barely been raised), and it is foundational. Without that foundation clearly laid and agreed upon, no other debates can happen, because they keep reverting to that foundational question.
Obviously, the fact that this isn't a settled question is not unique to atheist and humanist communities. However, I don't think it's the fact that it's not settled “out there” is what keeps deeper discussions from happening within these communities. The problem is that women have had their nosed rubbed in the fact that they're not considered to have bodily autonomy by people within these communities for the last several years.
We're still having arguments over whether women's bodies are communal property to be commented upon and sometimes even touched by whomever, whenever. We're still arguing over whether women even get to name what happens to their bodies–or whether they're capable of being or likely to be rational and honest while doing so. Give yourself a moment to let that sink in.
We're doing this incredibly publicly. We've been doing it for more than three years. The debate goes on, in no small part, because there continues to be very little consequence to those who argue against women's bodily autonomy and rationality and a great deal of resistance to the idea that those who do so repeatedly and using poor premises are unethical.
You can't “move beyond” that fight in a community where the fight still rages. Without a general agreement that women are fully entitled to bodily autonomy, without that being a settled question, every other concern becomes an attack on that autonomy. It is both a distraction from a fight still needing to be fought for a basic right and–no matter how sincere the person who brings up the argument, no matter how much they agree that women have that right–a weapon that will get picked up and used by the opposition in that ongoing fight.
Does that mean you can't ever bring up those other ethical concerns? No, but it does limit the circumstances in which you can do so productively are severely limited. I have quibbles with how some statements have been laid out, but I'm not going to air them in a discussion of Hemant's terrible post. I'm not distracted that easily. I'm not three.
Basically, if you want to have those discussions, you have to have them in situations where bodily autonomy for women (preferably everyone) is treated as a settled question. In fact, those kinds of ethical considerations come up reasonably often in feminist spaces and even in conversations among abortion clinic escorts. Contrary to “hive-mind” stereotypes, people who have spent a long time arguing generally about the ethics of abortion think about these issues and talk about them. They just don't have those conversations with people who don't clearly respect a right to bodily autonomy.*
If you wanted to host a discussion about other ethical questions around abortion, you could probably do it on your blog, but it would be a lot of work to make it productive. For every issue you raised, you would have to flatly state that the issue did not constitute a good argument to curtail bodily autonomy but was instead an argument to do XYZ.
Additionally, if “do XYZ” amounted to “consider this factor when making the decision to have an abortion” you'd have to either provide evidence that people contemplating abortion don't make that ethical consideration now or flatly state that you assume they do but that people who haven't had to contemplate abortion may not have taken it into account. Abortion debate is nothing if not full of “You don't agree with me; therefore, you have not thought about this.”
Essentially, if you want to write or debate on ethical topics in abortion other than bodily autonomy, you have to carefully locate your thoughts in relation to the ongoing debate on that topic. Or solve it. I'd be fine with that too.
What I am not fine with is people holding a discussion of issues surrounding my rights without paying me and them the respect to have the very best, most productive discussion possible–which does not include uncritical presentation of pseudoscience, ignorance of the ramifications of their positions, emotional slight of hand, or pretending that there aren't people with basic rights surrounding the embryos and fetuses in question. If you try to have that conversation about my rights in that unacceptable fashion, I will absolutely tell you that we are not having that debate.
Beyond that, I will do my damnedest to strip you of every shred of legitimacy you claim in your attempt to host your shoddy “debate”. Not only will I be supported by others in that attempt, but I will be correct in doing so. You don't get to hold others' rights in your hands until you've demonstrated you're mature enough to handle them. And the atheist movement has done anything but prove it's that mature.
We–this movement–are not having this debate. Go clean house and put real demands on people to grow up and treat women like they have and deserve bodily autonomy, and then we'll talk, assuming you still see a reason we need to.
While I'm talking about the completely predictable knock-on effects of an atheist movement that's been hitting many of its prominent female activists for years, it's time to talk about Dave Silverman's comments about abortion at CPAC. I support Dave's decision to represent conservative nontheists to theocratic conservatives. I support his decision to do so at CPAC as part of American Atheists strategy to turn conflict into media attention, and don't assume he expected to find “his people” there. I think “fiscal conservatism” is short-sighted in someone who wants to see atheism grow, given that the top countries for atheism are mostly socialist democracies, but whatever. We all contain contradictions. I even agree with Jason's analysis that Dave's abortion message was mangled and not representative of his views.
Where Dave loses me, instantly and wholly, is when he starts lecturing others about giving him the benefit of the doubt and coming to him for clarification before reacting to his comments. He's done it in a couple of places. I'm doing him a favor by not linking them.
Here's the thing. When Dave Silverman claims that he is owed that kind of deference, his claims don't match reality. Is Silverman personally pro-choice? I'm willing to believe he is if he says so, but there's nothing about his history to tell me that he's willing to take a stand on the issue if it gets n the way of his other goals. If you look for “abortion” or even “contraception” on the American Atheists site, you'll find the Secular Coalition's Model Secular Policy Guide, which is good on abortion, but you won't find any attempt to uphold that particular section of the policy.
If it appeared that Dave was willing to embrace a cross on public land in order to grow American Atheists, I might justifiably be ridiculed for believing that, but it's not unreasonable to think he might put abortion on the table. Wrong, perhaps, but not unreasonable.
In the broader context of the attacks on women's bodily autonomy rights in the atheist movement, it is also not unreasonable to be uncertain where Dave will take his stand. Yes, American Atheists was an enthusiastic early adopter of anti-harassment policies. Yes, Dave wrote a piece for Surly Amy's series on taking a stand against harassment. Yes, he yelled at Justin Vacula in public.
However, at the same time, his walk hasn't always fully followed his talk. Dave has insisted that his tent needs to be big enough for even those people who work against anti-harassment policies. He's promoted the Twitter feed of an “Elevatorgate” blogger. His behavior has not been as “zero tolerance” as his rhetoric.
Again, we all contain contradictions. We don't always live up to our own expectations of ourselves, much less the expectations that we set for others. Dave is hardly alone in that.
However, the fact that none of us is perfect means that none of us is beyond reproach. None of us gets to demand that the people injured by our actions come to us hat in hand for explanations and clarifications before getting angry about those injuries. Not even the president of American Atheists gets to say, “How dare you yell at me not to hit you?!” Dave would do well to remember that.
For that matter, everyone over the age of three would do well to remember that. If you can't, don't be surprised if we sweep in and take away your toys until all you're left with are the child-safe ones. This last week has ignited an acute, incandescent rage that I haven't seen before in the atheist movement.
We–this movement–are not having this debate either. If you try to have this debate on top of the last few years, you will not have the same movement left when you're done.
The last three years have changed the landscape of the atheist movement, and it hasn't gone well for the people who have tried to keep women from speaking up for their rights. Those women certainly haven't had it easy, but we now have anti-harassment policies in most places. We have more activities that appeal to and are available to women. We have more women speakers and leaders. We have Women in Secularism. We have Secular Woman. We have women networked and supporting each other behind the scenes in ways you can't see until they erupt into action. We also have a bunch of men who have educated themselves on what supporting women's rights actually means.
Much of that has happened out of anger. It's happened at and after pivotal, explosive moments of collective rage. This could be another one of those moments. I can't tell you what may come out of it, but I can tell you that I'll watch for opportunities to make it a productive rage, because that energy has been and should be useful.
You're not going to get to hit us again. If you try, damned right we'll yell. Now, go prove to us that you're not three years old anymore.
*I saw yet one more of these discussions in an explicitly feminist space today. It was thoughtful. It was calm. Someone changed their opinion during it. No one questioned whether women should have the power to make their own medical decisions. Funny, that.
Jubilant Americans hail bin Laden's death
Updated
Celebrations have broken out in the United States on news Al Qaeda mastermind Osama bin Laden is dead.
US president Barack Obama announced a small team of American operatives found bin Laden in the Pakistan city of Abbottabad.
After a firefight, they killed him, in what Mr Obama described as the "most significant achievement to date in the effort to defeat Al Qaeda".
US officials said the operation that killed bin Laden lasted less than 40 minutes and also left three other men and a woman dead, including a son of the Al Qaeda chief.
Bin Laden was reportedly identified by the assault force and shot in the head.
The 54-year-old Saudi had been the most wanted man in the world since 2001 when he helped orchestrate the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
"Tonight is a testament to the greatness of our country... we are reminded that America can do whatever we set our minds to," Mr Obama said.
It is the news the United States government has been wanting to announce for years, and the country is celebrating, with huge crowds massing outside the White House in Washington and at Ground Zero in New York City.
Al Qaeda leader killed in firefight
US has custody of bin Laden's body
Obituary: Osama bin Laden
Full coverage on ABC News 24
The joyous crowds that descended on the White House spontaneously erupted with chants of "USA, USA".
Some brandishing the US flag, they punched the air and sang The Star Spangled Banner, even before the announcement of bin Laden's death by Mr Obama in a hurriedly-organised address to the nation.
Starting with just a few dozen people, the crowd quickly built to hundreds pressed against the fence outside the White House, in what rapidly became a party atmosphere as Mr Obama confirmed details of the death.
Clayton McCleskey, a journalist with The Dallas Morning News, was outside the White House shortly before Mr Obama began his announcement and says the crowd grew quickly but organically, fuelled by social media.
"There are a couple of universities that are pretty close to the White House and so it appeared that initially it was mostly students," he told ABC News Online.
"It was a very young crowd. There were a few maybe 30- or 40-somethings but a lot of 20-year-olds.
"Everybody had their phones out. Everybody was on Facebook. Everybody was texting. I heard a lot of people on their phones saying 'hey, come meet me'."
McCleskey says his immediate reaction upon seeing the crowd - which he estimated at 2,000 - was "oh gosh, this is horrible. This is just like a drunken soccer party".
"There were people who had taken out bottles of vodka and were drinking in the streets and were running around with American flags," he said.
But McCleskey says while there was definitely a euphoric mood, other quieter and less visible members of the crowd were taking the historic occasion more seriously.
"You had the sense that this was the moment of victory in the 'war on terror' that so many Americans had been waiting for. That was a very joyous, jubilant feeling," he said.
"I saw some people with tears in their eyes. Some people were singing God Bless America.
"As I went around and interviewed people in the crowd, I was really surprised by how many people said 'look, this is a jubilant occassion, but we have to remember the sacrifices that so many people have made in order for this to happen'."
Kenneth Specht, a New York firefighter on 9/11, paid tribute to the victims of the attacks in New York and Washington
"I'm proud to be an American tonight," he told CNN.
"Tonight they are first and foremost in our minds."
"It's a long time coming," hotel clerk Becky Grant, 26, at the Fairfield Inn in Ann Arbor, Michigan, said, before asking a passing guest: "Did you hear the news? Bin Laden's been killed.
Linh Do, a Melbourne resident travelling in the United States, was on a bus arriving in Washington DC when she heard Mr Obama was about to make a national security announcement.
Rumours were circulating that bin Laden was dead and Ms Do, sensing a historic opportunity, made her way straight to the White House, joining a crowd of about 100 mostly young people which quickly multiplied.
She says although the crowd was embracing of everyone there, she felt like an outsider.
"The feeling was definitely one of American patriotism. It was a bit like the fourth of July but pumped up on steroids," she told ABC News Online.
"People had made quick banners or messages with things like 'Obama's killed Osama', 'We never forget' and 'We never lose'."
Ms Do say among the sea of American flags and other patriotic paraphernalia she noticed Obama 2008 election campaign T-shirts and even some Obama 2012 material.
She says while some parts of the crowd were celebrating with abandon - she could even smelt marijuana at one point - others were more circumspect about bin Laden's death.
"From a distance, and even if you are there, it does seem like a bit of a celebration... not everyone is viewing it like that," she said.
"There are obviously still sane and sober people there."
New York celebrates
In New York, where some 3,000 people died when Al Qaeda hijackers crashed two commercial airliners into the the Twin Towers, tourists and New Yorkers descended on Times Square as well as at Ground Zero.
"It's a miracle," said New Yorker Monica King, 22.
"The attacks changed New York and now 10 years later we had our last word. Now we want to celebrate."
Gary Talafuse, visiting from Texas, said Americans "feel a lot of national pride".
"This may not change anything in Al Qaeda tactics, but after billions of dollars invested, this is a big loss for Al Qaeda, and that brings some degree of reward to our efforts," the 32-year-old said.
Even the New York Police Department, usually low key, parked a car in the middle of Times Square and started talking to people, laughing and posing for photos.
In Los Angeles, where the news was confirmed shortly before 9:00pm (local time), a roar of applause could be heard from bars with TV screens on the Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood.
"After so much time trying to get bin Laden this is a big surprise and amazing news," said Mick Pleasant, 26, at the Cabo Cantina bar.
"Terrorism is down, and Obama's speech was great."
"I'm really happy that this guy is dead because he killed so many people around the world. I'm glad that our nation is save because of this," said Cesar Guellory, 25.
Carol Morrison, 35, said she had voted for Mr Obama.
"He's showing us how strong he can be... Today we can say that we are safe. I'm proud of the United States," she said.
Websites including Twitter and Facebook were also deluged with reaction to the Al Qaeda leader's death.
- ABC/AFP/Reuters
Topics: terrorism, unrest-conflict-and-war, september-11-attacks, united-states, afghanistan, pakistan
First posted
DISCLAIMER
Rotten WiFi is a service offering a possibility to its users (the Users) to measure the quality of a Wi-Fi connection and share the results together with personal comments or other content (the Content) via social networks.
Rotten WiFi does not analyze, evaluate, change, amend, monitor or control in any way the Content posted or otherwise made available by the Users. The Users shall ensure that the Content does not: (i) contain any illegal information or content; (ii) violate or infringe upon any copyright, trademark, other property and/or non-property rights of others and/or applicable laws; (iii) contain any information or other content that may be deemed to be abusive, violent, harmful, harassing, racially, ethnically, sexually or otherwise offensive, infringing privacy of others or defamatory; (iv) create a risk of harm, loss, physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to any person; (v) violate or encourage any conduct that violates or may potentially violate any applicable laws; (vi) contain nudity, partial nudity or pornography; (vii) seek to harm or exploit children by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or otherwise; (viii) contain any virus, malware or otherwise create a risk of any loss or damage to any property (including computer systems, devices, and other hardware) of Rotten WiFi or any other persons. The User who has posted or otherwise made available the Content is solely responsible for such Content.
Rotten WiFi takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Content that any User posts or makes otherwise available on any social network or elsewhere, and shall not be liable for any loss (whether direct or indirect) resulting from or related to any conduct or Content of any User or any other third party, including, without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal Content or other conduct of the Users or any other third party.
The quality of Wi-Fi connection is determined by Rotten WiFi as it is at the moment it is measured. The results are provided, shown to the Users, as well as any rankings of Wi-Fi connections are made on the basis of such measurement. In no event shall Rotten WiFi be liable for any results of the measurement of the quality of a Wi-Fi connection, unless the measurement was incorrect due to the fault of Rotten WiFi.
Rotten WiFi takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for the results of the measurement of the quality of a Wi-Fi connection, if such results could be affected or influenced in any way without the fault of Rotten WiFi or due to reasons outside the control of Rotten WiFi, including, without limitations, acts of God, interference, disturbance or any other impact by any third party, equipment, device or phenomenon, or quality or performance of a User's device or software.
When the quality of a Wi-Fi connection is measured by Rotten WiFi, the name and other details of the Wi-Fi connection are displayed and subsequently made available to all the Users of Rotten WiFi together with the measurement results. Rotten WiFi takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for making available to others of such Wi-Fi connection data and/or any privacy or data protection infringement related to it.
Top Donald Trump spokesman Jason Miller abruptly announced Saturday that he will not take the job of White House communications director – two days after the transition team said he was joining the Trump administration in that role.
Miller, a longtime spokesman for Trump's campaign and later the transition operation, had been named communications director and assistant to the president as part of the senior White House communications team.
But he said Saturday he wants to spend more time with his family, and is passing up the job.
"After spending this past week with my family, the most amount of time I have been able to spend with them since March 2015, it is clear they need to be my top priority right now and this is not the right time to start a new job as demanding as White House Communications Director,” he said in a statement. “My wife and I are also excited about the arrival of our second daughter in January, and I need to put them in front of my career. I look forward to continuing to support the President-elect from the outside after my work on the Transition concludes.”
He said his planned responsibilities will be “handed off” to Sean Spicer, the incoming White House press secretary who “will also serve as Communications Director moving forward."
As previously announced, Trump aides Hope Hicks and Dan Scavino also are joining the White House team, as director of strategic communications and director of social media, respectively.
Fox News' Christopher Snyder and Jenny Buchholz contributed to this report.
As the deputy chief of mission for the U.S. in Libya, Gregory Hicks was on the ground at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli on September 11, 2012, when terrorists launched two attacks on American compounds in Benghazi.
Gregory Hicks
Hicks and two other government officials have been named as witnesses for a Congressional hearing Wednesday before the House Oversight Committee. The others are: Eric Nordstrom, the former lead security official for the State Department in Libya, and Mark Thompson, the acting deputy assistant secretary for counterterrorism at the State Department. Other so-called "whistleblowers" from federal agencies, including the CIA, have provided information to Congressional investigators, but are said to be unwilling - so far - to speak publicly because they aren't authorized by their agencies to do so. Some claim fear of retaliation.
It's been a remarkably long period of silence from the dozens of American survivors and eyewitnesses who were in Libya the night of the attacks. It's not publicly known what testimony the witnesses will give at this week's hearing, but in a series of interviews and communications, CBS News has obtained information about some of the areas of knowledge the witnesses can address.
Hicks was number two to Ambassador Christopher Stevens, who was killed in the attacks. With Stevens in Benghazi on September 11, Hicks was the top Foreign Service official at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli. When the first U.S. compound in Benghazi fell under attack, Hicks reportedly took the frantic call.
"Greg, we are under attack," Ambassador Stevens told Hicks on the phone. Those were the last words he heard from Stevens.
U.S. diplomat contradicts White House on Benghazi
Issa with Benghazi details from whistle-blowers: Talking points a "fatal error"
According to Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., who appeared Sunday on "Face the Nation," Hicks recently testified privately to the House Oversight Committee: "I never reported a demonstration. I reported an attack on the consulate...I thought it was a terrorist attack from the get-go. I think everyone in the mission thought it was a terrorist attack from the beginning."
Hicks was also on the receiving end of calls when Stevens went missing. Later, he was on the phone when an unidentified man called the U.S. Embassy using Stevens' own telephone to say the ambassador was at Benghazi hospital. Still later, Hicks said he was there when Stevens' body was turned over to U.S. personnel under circumstances that still remain mysterious.
Throughout the night, sources say Americans on the ground in Libya at times felt helpless and abandoned.
"We relied on Washington for dispassionate assessment," one eyewitness told CBS News. "Instead, they [Washington officials] were asking us what help we needed. We answered: 'Send reinforcements!' "
But they were told immediate help wasn't available.
Embassy personnel say they repeatedly asked the Defense Attache on site in Tripoli for military assistance.
"Isn't there anything available?" one Embassy official says he asked. "But the answer was 'no.'"
"What about Aviano?" the official pressed, referencing the NATO air base with US assets in northeastern Italy. "No," was the answer.
Two of the four Americans killed that night died hours after the first attack began.
Some have complained the Obama Administration has not explained why there were no military resources available to turbulent North Africa on the Sept. 11 attacks, even at the large Souda Bay U.S. Naval base less than an hour's flight from Libya. The State Department's independent Accountability Review Board said government officials did everything they could, considering the challenges. The Defense Department has since reported implementation of improvements to make military resources more readily available if needed.
Another witness for Wednesday's hearing, Mark Thompson, is a counterterrorism expert. He's likely to address another sore spot surrounding the night of the attacks: the fact that the Obama Administration did not convene its top interagency counterterrorism resource, the Counterterrorism Security Group (CSG). According to Rep. Issa, Thompson will testify that he was locked out of the process "even though he was the individual who was supposed to react to these kinds of things."
Counterterrorism sources and internal emails reviewed by CBS News express frustration that key responders were ready to deploy, but were not called upon to help in the attack. National Security Council Spokesman Tommy Vietor told CBS News the CSG was not needed.
"From the moment the president was briefed on the Benghazi attack, the response effort was handled by the most senior national security officials in governments. Members of the CSG were of course involved in these meetings and discussions to support their bosses," said Vietor.
"The CSG is the one group that's supposed to know what resources every agency has. They know of multiple options and have the ability to coordinate counterterrorism assets across all the agencies," a high-ranking government official told CBS News. "They were not allowed to do their job. They were not called upon."
Absent coordination from Counterterrorism Security Group, a senior U.S. counterterrorism official says the response to the crisis became more confused. "The response process was isolated at the most senior level," says an official referring to top officials in the executive branch. "My fellow counterterrorism professionals and I (were) not consulted."
Hicks and several others whose accounts are at odds with official government statements about Benghazi have reported feeling marginalized, intimidated and/or subjected to threats of retaliation.
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Dutch Ruppersberger, told Bob Schieffer on Sunday's "Face the Nation:" "Let's get the facts. This should not be a partisan issue at all. This should be to get the facts, an open issue, and to hear from everybody. And when you hear allegations that people are told not to talk, I would hope those issues would come out and if that's the case we should be held accountable."
The "Suits" Season 3 midseason finale is next week, and they're going full-steam ahead, but there are still so many loose ends to tie up at the law firm before "Suits" returns in 2014.
In this week's episode, titled "Bad Faith" (Tues., Sept. 10 at 10 p.m. ET on the USA), Louis Litt is finally getting his due -- or is he? -- as boss lady Jessica asks Louis to be her "Cooler King", and it is nothing short of Litt-tastic.
But as the partners of Pearson Darby Specter move forward with the dissolution, there are also love interests complicating things: Harvey (Gabriel Macht) and his old flame Scottie (Abigail Spencer); Mike (Patrick J. Adams) and Rachel (Meghan Markle); and, of course, Louis (Rick Hoffman) and his beloved Mikado the cat.
I caught up with Hoffman to talk about Mikado -- did you know he's deathly allergic to cats? -- and the impending return of his human love interest Sheils Sazs (Rachael Harris), and he also teased another shot at a Louis-Harvey friendship (or broship, as he put it) and posed a theory that Louis and Harvey, physical traits aside, aren't all that different. Keep reading for more from the man behind one of the best supporting characters on TV ...
First off, you are really embracing Twitter!
Yeah, I know -- I kind of turned a corner with the whole tweeting situation. I don't know what happened. Maybe like a month ago, I started just wanting to talk to a bunch of people who like the show. And, of course, at first I'm sort of answering everything the way you're "supposed to" answer, and I lost a bunch of followers ... I was like, "What the hell is this all about? What is Twitter supposed to be about? If you're not answering your fans, then what's the point?" Then I had a chip on my shoulder, and I was like, "OK, now let's have some fun." So now I don't care if anyone drops, and people ask hilarious questions and I give them hilarious answers and that's my new Twitter relationship with all these wonderful fans.
Because so many people have been media trained to give those canned answers, I think it's shocking ...
I think they're a little shocked when there's something more than "thx!" or something lame with two exclamation points!! Yeah, I'm not gonna do it all the time ... [laughs] then I think even my own boss will be like, 'Can you please stop?' [Laughs.] But every once in a while, it's fun.
Well since you're so active on Twitter, I wonder if you've noticed what I have: that, this season especially, the show is getting more love than ever.
For sure. This season, you can't escape it, on Twitter or on the streets, even up here in Canada [where we shoot]. And it's fantastic most of the time, aside from when you just wake up in the morning and you just want to go to Starbucks and get coffee. [Laughs.] It's gone up to a whole different level from where it was in the first season. And then you guys and Mo Ryan had that piece in The Huffington Post, which was so great ... it's amazing.
Glad you read that! I was happy she came around to it. What is it about this show that you think resonates with people? Because I'm very honest that I don't watch much else on the USA, but I love "Suits."
I think it's that the characters are identifiable in different ways to different people. That's a testament to the writers and [creator] Aaron Korsh, who loves TV -- but loves, I guess, good TV. That's subjective, but he likes good story and stories that are plausible. And he somehow can make it work with a heavy law trial going on, but also a cat trial that's like borderline farcical, but it's got heart in it for levity. Viewers can appreciate that hour of television getting both sides -- the light and the heavy.
Louis is a character that people really relate to because, yes, he has his smarmy moments, but really he's the underdog, the outcast, and he's just trying to get to the next level, trying to make people like him. Will Louis ever get his due?
Well, I can tell you that he does, in this next episode. I think he's turned a corner ... obviously he's forming new relationships as the seasons go on, and obviously this new one with Rachel is great because she actually softens him up. He now has an opportunity to really have another man-to-man friendship -- a broship -- with Harvey, and let's see if he doesn't screw this one up this season. He did in the first season, when Harvey told him he respected him. Something happens in this episode where he earns Harvey's respect again. Let's see what happens ... I think now, with higher stakes, let's see if Louis doesn't get in his own way like he used to. It will be an interesting test to see what happens.
People may disagree with me but, obviously aside from the physical, Harvey and Louis are very similar when it comes to their collective character traits. I feel like Mike is more stable ... Harvey and Louis have a hard time looking at themselves in the mirror. Harvey overcompensates for that with his smoothness and how sharp he is, and Louis overcompensates too, but they both run on the fuel of fear and insecurity. I think that's why Louis may be more likable or enjoyable -- they're both innocent and flawed, but the only harm they cause is to themselves, usually. All three men, there's a similarity: there's the hero, there's the mini-hero and then there's the anti-hero.
Do you consider Louis the anti-hero of the show?
Anti-hero has been used now a little more than it used to be, and I want to be clear: I'm using hero very, very lightly. [Laughs.] Louis is not a villain, that's for sure. But when his back is against the wall -- and it has been a couple of times in this show -- he's always come up heroic. Harvey is constantly heroic. Louis, like against Hardman in the elevator last year or when he's tested and it comes to his principles ... he and Harvey share that loyalty, those principles. There are similarities. People are always trying to wrap their brains around Louis, like 'How do I like this guy? He's such a douche! Why do I like him?!' The writers stay true to the human being instead of making him a cartoon.
But he has those classic cartoonish moments still, which like you said, brings the levity. Facing off with Nigel Nesbitt over Mikado ... that's seeing Louis totally vulnerable, but so much so that he's in full fighting mode.
Yeah, I think Louis is really one of the only guys who's Type A, B, C, D and Z. [Laughs.] He likes to flap his wings with certain guys, like Nigel, and even Mike or his associates. And at the same time he can become this little puppy when it comes to Harvey ... he just goes into his shell. It's the greatest job I've ever had.
You've had so many jobs, big and small, most of them with at least a hint of that douchey, smarmy thing you do. Besides "Suits," what's the role you're recognized for the most?
Oh it's amazing what people come up with. I was onscreen for maybe 10 seconds of "The Day After Tomorrow" and that's one of the most popular shout-outs aside from "Suits" now. Literally I get taken over by a tidal wave in a bus, and I say no more than three sentences. And "Hostel" ... that's always a popular one. But with "Suits," it really turned a corner. My parents are always a great litmus test. Based on the amount of shrieks my mother gives when we're out in public, her constant shock when somebody comes up and says something nice. [Laughs.]
OK, how freaking cute are your parents? Can they please be on the show again soon? They are adorable.
Let me tell you something ... if my mother and father knew that HuffPost asked about my parents ...
Oh they'll know -- this does not get deleted, Rick!
Well then print this also, because they crack up at themselves: they will get big heads, and then my dad will start pitching ideas. Right now he's been quiet, but everybody in their community has ideas for them. They think they have their own spinoff.
[Laughs.] I would watch a few episodes of the Litt Show. What would they even call it? It'd have to be a Littism ...
You know what it would be called? Canceled. [Laughs.]
Another person I'd love to see come back into Louis' life is Rachael Harris' character, Sheila. Is there a chance she might be back soon?
The answer to that question is yes, there's a good chance that Rachael Harris will come back. I'm not going to tell you what episode or if there is an episode ... let's just say that Sheila Sazs may be around again. That's all I'm saying.
[Editor's note: USA's official description for next week's midseason finale, "Stay," mentions Sheila -- yay!]
I think fans are ready to see more of Louis' outside life. Maybe his apartment, or what he does on the weekends. I imagine him being a secret paintball pro, like he has a regular game with a bunch of 12-year-old boys ...
In the first season, we did see him at the gun club -- he's apparently a marksman.
Which is why I think paintball. The gun club is practice for his true shooting passion -- with paint.
[Laughs.] Right. I mean, aside from mudding, cats, origami ... how many things can this guy do that are just outrageous? Clearly I'm open to anything. I've been butt naked on this show already, knowing it's completely for comedic purposes. Drinking milk for two and a half hours straight for a scene -- and not just milk, but half-and-half. Being on call to go to the hospital in case I get deathly allergic to the cat. You know I'm allergic to cats, right?
Are you joking me?
Oh you don't know this? Yeah. I am deathly allergic. I am not a cat lover. I am a dog lover -- but I'm only a lover of hypoallergenic dogs. I have an inhaler and an EpiPen on set ... they come over with a hose after the cat is on me to make sure there's no dander or hair. It's insane!
All for your art. So you talked a bit about this week's episode, but what can you tease about the midseason finale next week?
I'll just say that for the fans of "Suits" ... people look forward to finales of shows, and they're either happy or underwhelmed. There is absolutely no way they'll be underwhelmed with this midseason finale.
"Suits" airs Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET on the USA.
Read Mo Ryan's take on "Suits" here and tell us: Are you loving this show as much as we are?
There are many misconceptions about Spanish football, one of which is that the strikers in La Liga are small, technical players who are more likely to produce a brilliant piece of skill rather than a “bullet header”. They are thought of as less physical than those who ply their trade in England. There are many exceptions to this supposed rule, such as Jonathas, Imanol Agirretxe and Borja Bastón, but perhaps the best example other than Luis Suárez and Karim Benzema is Athletic Bilbao's Aritz Aduriz.
Aduriz' career has been an unusual one. Not making a first team appearance for Athletic until the age of 21 in 2002, it was not until his third spell at the Basque club in 2012 that he moved up a level and became a truly top class striker. In the ten years between he grew as a footballer, gradually improving his ability in all aspects and moving up through Spanish football's ranks.
Between 2005, his first return to his home club, and 2012, his second homecoming, he established himself as a reliable top flight striker. At Athletic, Mallorca and Valencia, his performances were always adequate, but at the first and last of those three clubs he found it difficult to start ahead of Fernando Llorente and Roberto Soldado respectively. In 2012-13, he displaced Llorente as the first choice striker in the side, and since then he has not looked back.
It would be easy enough only to talk about his goal scoring record since 2012 (87 goals in 161 games). It would be easy enough only to talk about his incredible current season, during which he has already scored 25 goals and has been Athletic's talisman. But there is more to football and more to being a striker than mere goal statistics.
Aduriz has all the attributes to make a great centre-forward. He is not particularly fast, but he more than makes up for this with his perfect positioning. The moment Athletic starts an attack, if he is not needed to create it he will move into the right position immediately, always finding the most difficult position for the defenders to deal with. He is very composed in front of goal; his fifteen out of eighteen penalties since 2012 is testament to this. He never gives up on a chance under any circumstances, which has helped him add to his goals tally on a number of occasions, and is intelligent, ingenious and more than willing to put his body on the line.
A great example of those latter three attributes is the first goal he scored against Getafe in La Liga this season. From a corner, he started goal side of the goalkeeper, which would have been offside had he not been standing over the goal line when the cross came in—a creative bit of brilliance. He then bustled ahead of the goalkeeper and hurled himself at the ball, jumping across a few players in the process, and managed to get enough contact on the ball to score. This is why he has so many goals to his name—he will do anything to score and can score in any way imaginable.
What makes Aduriz an “artisan” is that he is the master of a craft which is both dying out in football and not associated with La Liga—that of heading. It is unlikely that you'll find a better header of the ball in football. He is six feet tall, shorter than most goalkeepers and not particularly tall for a lone striker, but his incredible jump means that he is very difficult to beat in the air.
His heading ability has lead Athletic to build some of their play around him. They attempt a staggering 28 crosses per game, the most in La Liga. The team's wingers have a huge advantage in that Aduriz can generate huge power from his headers. This means that they can “float” their crosses into the box, since he doesn't need as much power to head the ball with pace behind, making their balls in more accurate. Not “drilling” crosses hugely increases the chances of some contact being made with the ball, and due to the power of the headers, the chances of a goal being scored are not decreased.
Perhaps the most incredible thing of all about him is that he is having by far his best season to date despite the fact that he will turn 35 next month. In today's age, footballers tend to go out of fashion once they go past the age of 30, but Aduriz has done the exact opposite. It was inevitable that his career would be able to go on for a long time as he is more reliant on intelligence than pace to score goals, but no-one could have expected that his peak would be this late.
What remains to be seen is for how long he can keep up this level. He is certainly not a “one-season wonder”—he's been Athletic's talisman for at least two years now, but considering his age he may not be able to reach these heights again. There will come a point when his legs give in and he's unable to compete at the top level, but the way he's currently playing he could be a crucial part of this team for a few more years.
There is one more area for him to conquer: international football. He has made one appearance for Spain, where he played thirteen minutes in a friendly in 2010. The national team manager, Vicente del Bosque, has hinted at calling him up before, and he has certainly been the best of the Spanish strikers this season, so a call-up is not off the cards. If he can keep up this incredible level all season, he would be very deserving of a place in the squad for the European Championship in the summer. Should he go to France, there is a serious chance that he could set the tournament alight, and his rise to the top level would be complete. A most romantic story indeed.
By David Lipton
Why have businesses in advanced economies not been investing more in machinery, equipment and plants? Business investment is the largest component of private investment, and its weakness has puzzled many of us.
Some believe that the key to more business investment is less uncertainty about fiscal policy, regulation, and structural reforms. Some believe that it is providing better financing, including for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
But analysis says these explanations are limited. The facts suggest a much simpler answer: Business investment has been weak because economic activity has been weak. Ensuring a recovery in sales and sales prospects is the key.
A study we published in the April 2015 World Economic Outlook suggests that virtually all of the weakness in business investment in advanced economies since the crisis can be explained by the weakness in the economic environment (see chart). This is in line with the "accelerator effect," where investment responds to changes in output and sales. (The study isolates the effect of weak growth on weak investment from other influences using a novel statistical approach.) Firms cut investment more severely following the crisis than in previous recessions, but the contraction in overall economic activity was also much more severe. All told the joint behavior of business investment and output has not been that unusual.
Now, as we leave the crisis behind, with faster growth in advanced economies, longer-term forces related to age and lower productivity growth continue to cloud the horizon. According to our estimates, long-term growth in advanced economies is now about ½ percentage point lower than it was before the crisis. What's more, weak banks and high levels of debt—public, corporate, or household—still weigh on spending and growth, to varying degrees. There is a risk that these longer-term forces come together and further reduce incentives to invest.
So, even as we see faster growth, policymakers need to remain focused on ensuring a sustained rise in private investment. Here, while policy advice must be country specific, some general principles apply.
With monetary policy in advanced economies having largely accomplished what it can, and borrowing costs still low, we need to look elsewhere for ways to boost growth. The case for more infrastructure investment remains. In countries where the conditions are right (e.g., Germany and the United States), such public investment can further spur demand in the short term, raise supply in the medium term, and, through the accelerator effect, give a boost to private investment today.
The message for policymakers is clear: Keep pushing the accelerator.
Queens Of The Stone Age have a new drummer. It's sort of their old drummer. You might recognize him.
His name is Dave Grohl.
Moments before Queens Of The Stone Age frontman/nucleus Joshua Homme broke the news to Zane Lowe on BBC's Radio 1 today that longtime drummer Joey Castillo had left the band, the official QOTSA Facebook account posted a portion of the following photo:
Antiquiet has since gotten confirmation that Grohl is handling drum duties on the new Queens record, which is due in early 2013. In addition to teaming with Homme for the incredible Them Crooked Vultures project, fans will remember that Grohl played on Queens' most successful and what's widely considered their best album, 2002's Songs For The Deaf.
Here's a taste of what we've been missing:
With the Foo Fighters on hiatus, there's no stopping Grohl from returning as a full fledged member of the band as Queens kicks into touring mode to support their yet-untitled new release. Developments indicate that Grohl may only be temporarily filling the position, but we'll take what we can get.
Joey Castillo is a beloved member of the QOTSA family, and while info is still scant on his departure, we enthusiastically wish him well.
Dave Grohl has never been shy about his love for Queens: “Queens Of The Stone Age are the best band I have ever been in – without question,” he said in 2005. “I usually get nervous when I go on stage, but when I was in QOTSA I never got nervous, because I knew the people in the crowd were about to witness the best thing they had ever seen live. I felt like that every single night I played with them. It's like the best lover you've ever had in your life – you don't have to talk about it, you just do it.”
Welcome back.
More details as they develop…
P.S. In case you missed it, while you're here, fans of the QOTSA family might be interested in the news that Brody Dalle has a solo album on the way.
Details of a controversial plan to make money from music piracy are beginning to emerge.
Spearheaded by Warner Music Group, the plan aims to get internet service providers to pay a few dollars per user per month into a fund that would then be divided among rights holders. The scheme would essentially give P2P users a get-out-of-jail-free card for file sharing activity.
Wired.com has learned that industry consultant Jim Griffin, hired by Warner to implement the idea, has already set up an independent company to act as a digital-rights clearinghouse. Griffin's company would be like an ASCAP for the internet, collecting fees from ISPs and divvying them up among rights holders.
In addition, BigChampagne, a company that measures digital-media consumption, would be one of the major sources supplying the necessary data to track file sharing activity.
The hoped-for result: a truce in the music wars.
"The music industry has no choice," says Bob Kohn, a music-licensing expert and CEO of RoyaltyShare, which manages digital revenues for both majors and indies. "It's significantly weaker than it was in 2000. And the longer this drags on, the more difficult it will be to succeed."
In the last 10 years, sales of CDs have plummeted as digital downloads have exploded, and the U.S. music business has shrunk from about $15 billion to $10 billion.
The idea of charging a flat fee for 'all-you-can-eat' downloads is beginning to take off.
Apple is reportedly in talks to offer unlimited access to the iTunes library in return for a premium on the iPod. Nokia and Omnifone, a British wireless carrier, will later this year offer free music plans with cellphone contracts.
On Monday, the leading telco in Denmark, TDC, went live with a variant of Griffin's plan – an unlimited-download offering from Warner, EMI, Sony BMG and a number of indie labels. Subscribers pay nothing extra; but the downloads expire if their contract isn't renewed. Other Scandinavian network operators are said to be interested in similar arrangements.
Discussions are also under way with North American universities. Both sides have ample reason to cut a deal. As a perceived file sharing hotbed, colleges are already facing – and in some cases fighting – demands to hand over students suspected of piracy. And for all their tough talk in public, the major labels would probably rather not start a fight with high-profile institutions.
So far, the rights organization Griffin heads has but one employee – Griffin himself. Most of the details, including such basic issues as how much money the ISPs will be asked to cough up per user, are still to be determined.
"What remains to be sorted out," a senior executive at Warner says, "is basically everything."
Griffin did not return calls seeking comment.
To the extent that the Warner plan has been defined at all, it is essentially a covenant not to sue. Users would be free to download music from any site they like – including Limewire, which has been sued by the music industry. ISPs would not be pressured to install expensive filtering mechanisms that might (or might not) be able to intercept illegitimate P2P traffic.
The question of whether internet providers should cover the music industry's losses from P2P has been a hot-button issue at least since Wired.com reported in mid-March that music labels were beginning to consider such a scheme. Now, news that Warner has hired Griffin to implement the idea – an open secret in the industry for months – is causing the controversy to boil over.
To many, the notion that internet service providers should pay money to rights holders – music labels, artists, songwriters and publishers – makes inherent sense. It's how songwriters and performers have long been reimbursed for radio airplay and the like, and how musicians and labels are paid for digital transmission via satellite or internet radio.
But to critics, among them influential bloggers like Michael Arrington of TechCruch, the idea smacks of a protection racket. Pay up, the music industry is telling users and ISPs, or be liable for legal action over P2P.
In fact, it's a classic example of collective licensing: Copyright holders grant a blanket license allowing use of their works in exchange for a fee. Its origins go back to 1847, when a composer named Ernest Bourget objected to his music being played for free at Les Ambassadeurs, a popular cafe in Paris. The litigation that followed led to the creation of SACEM, the first performing-rights organization and the model for ASCAP, which was established in the United States in 1914.
Complicating the issue are widespread misperceptions about what Griffin is trying to do. He is not, for example, heading a government initiative. No one anticipates laws forcing either music companies or ISPs to participate. And far from being initiated by the major labels, the idea is winning acceptance only after they resisted it for years as tantamount to legitimizing piracy.
Some wonder whether the moment has already passed. "People were excited about this idea in the last days of Napster," says Eric Garland, CEO of BigChampagne. "But the music companies were not only not receptive to it, they considered it treasonous. Now the music companies are desperate – and people are saying, 'No, we had that conversation, and you said we'll see you in court.'"
Obviously, fees that are collected from businesses tend to get passed on to consumers. Thanks to Bourget, everyone who spends money at a restaurant or a store has to pay for the background music, like it or not. Most people never notice the bite. "When you pay the tab at a restaurant, there's no line item that says this is your licensed-music fee," Garland says. "But you'd better believe that every time you eat out, you're paying for it."
Then there's the question of who gets reimbursed and how—another sure source of controversy for Griffin.
Though Griffin's outfit is being incubated and funded by Warner, it's set up an independent company – one that may ultimately be owned by rights holders collectively, as ASCAP and Broadcast Music are. Yet rather than pay artists and songwriters directly, the plan envisions the money going to music labels and publishers, which in turn will divvy up the proceeds.
This raises big questions for artists. Still to be determined, for example, is whether a download should be treated as a purchase, in which case the artists would get at most 10 percent of the proceeds, or as an audio stream, in which case they would get closer to 50 percent.
"That's a huge row that's coming up," says Peter Jenner, a longtime Griffin colleague who manages Billy Bragg and heads the International Music Managers Forum. "If we don't get our shit together soon, we'll get screwed by the record companies. I think everyone should stop whining and get on with making sure we don't get shafted like we did on the old business model."
Even if artists don't get screwed by the labels, they could still get shortchanged. How the pool of money from ISPs gets divvied up among them depends on how accurately file sharing gets reported. The long tail of all the world's recorded music is close to infinite, and that suggests that less-popular artists will almost surely get shortchanged.
Not so, Garland says. CDs have a habit of falling off trucks or coming in the back door. But online music – whether it's delivered by file sharing, streaming or legal downloads – can be tracked with precision, Garland says, because every file carries unique identifiers. "I've seen information about bands that even *I *performed in," he claims. "They must have been downloaded by my wife."
Peter Jenner has his doubts. What about bootlegs? Who owns the rights to them? "But we're trying to get money from places where nothing has been coming in," he says. "It's never going to be perfect – but to say you shouldn't do it is a really stupid thing."
If you think of the most comfortable places to relax, a hammock and a warm bath are probably near the top of the list. UK design studio Splinter Works combined the two into what might possibly be the most relaxing bathtub ever.
The Vessel is suspended from two walls via brackets and doesn't touch the ground at any point, contributing to the illusion of a hammock in the bathroom. A tall, elegant curved faucet is mounted in the floor to cascade water into the tub.
A floor drain carries away the bathwater through a drain in the tub's bottom after you're finished soaking. However, you don't have to hurry out of the tub – a foam core between the layers of carbon fiber insulates the water and keeps it warm much longer than a conventional tub.
What's it like to go from being an athlete right at the top of his game, to being paralysed from the waist down and unable even to sit up? In a blog post on the Animal website, mountain bike trials legend Martyn Ashton describes his first year as a paraplegic.
He'd always been well-known in mountain bike circles, but Ashton shot to broader fame in October 2012 with Road Bike Party, the video that opened everyone's eyes to what was possible on a road bike.
His day job at the time was as a star of Animal's bike stunt show but on September 1, 2013 a trick went badly wrong. Ashton dislocated his T9 and T10 vertebrae and over the following weeks had to come to terms the life-changing nature of his injuries,
His rehabilitation was gruelling. He writes: "At the beginning of rehab it felt like I would never sit up again, let alone bend in the middle. Actually at the time the thought of bending forward made me feel physically sick."
He likens the lack of sensation to going numb from sitting in one position all the time. Once he'd learnt to sit up, it was time to try a wheelchair, which was "really strange."
"As the winch lowered me into the seat I awaited the moment of feeling seated in the chair only to realise that the winch had stopped, I was already sat in the chair! But I felt like I was still floating above the cushion; that takes some getting used to."
Ashton is one of the most outgoing and upbeat people we know, and there's no hint of self-pity here. Once he is able to handle the chair, he started doing laps of the quarter-mile-long corridor the Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital in Oswestry.
"I couldn't do more than two lengths at the beginning but weeks later I was able to get in and out of my chair on my own and push 20 lengths."
Offered a super-light chair he writes: "I of course jumped (not literally) at the chance." But he immediately realised that the "daily purgatory" of his old chair, with its annoying wobbly wheel, was what he really needed.
He writes that he "quickly realised after one quick test up the corridor that my daily push had just become infinitely easier. I rolled straight back to the physio unit to get my old heavy chair back. Sometimes life has to be tough before it can get better – I needed my purgatory – wobbly wheel and all."
The next hurdle was going home. Ashton couldn't get upstairs, so spent three months downstairs "in a strange bedsit scenario". Bit by bit, his house was remodelled and a stairlift installed.
Nine months after his accident, Ashton was ready to return to sports. He spent a month trying a range of different activities. As well as sports, he took on 'everyday' challenges like travelling by train, using an escalator — and riding a motorbike.
"I'm a lifelong lover of motorcycles! My sporting career started on Trials Motorbikes when I was eleven and to get back on a motorbike would be a joy."
Ashton's friend and fellow motorbike fan Pete Tompkins adapted a bike with electric 'landing gear' so would stand up when stationary. helped by friends and his wife Lisa, all anxious to see him succeed, Ashton took the adapted Triumph Speed Triple for a test flight.
He writes: "The starting and stopping bit was scary, but it worked and I loved it! All four of us were very proud that day. Committing to something 100%, knowing you might fail but eventually succeeding feels great."
But Ashton still wants to get back on a regular bike.
"There is no way I can deny that a huge part of my life has gone. Riding Mountain Bikes has been what the last twenty plus years have been about for me. I love riding bicycles, so no amount of hand biking or swimming will change that desire for two wheels."
Ashton writes that he has "battled with those demons, looked for replacements in other sports, realised they don't offer me a new direction." But he doesn't want one. A man whose life has revolved around riding bikes, he says he is determined to get back on a bike.
"I know what I must do next," he writes. "I don't need to find new sports to replace bikes. I need to get back on one, I need to ride with my mates, enjoy the outdoors and the terrain that is out there for me to ride. I don't know how I will do it but I know I must because that's who I am, that is what I do. Ride."
We hope he succeeds.
Jo Hirst launches her book 'The Gender Fairy' at a primary school in 2015. Credit:Eddie Jim Greens MP Sam Hibbins pleaded with Liberal Victoria and the National Party to take a bipartisan approach to affirm and empower gender diverse people. Unfortunately the opposition appear to be resistant to a step forward. Liberal members' speeches reflected a surprising lack of knowledge about the transgender experience. The member for Ripon, Louise Staley, proclaimed her outright denial of transgender identity, describing transgender women as "men" who are "engaging in a radical form of mansplaining". There was even some confusion as to how single sex schools, sporting clubs and gyms would cope. Transgender people exist. They are already attending schools, sporting clubs and gyms. Monash Hospital Gender Services have seen an increase in demand every year and this has been reflected in the referrals to the Royal Children's Hospital Gender Service. Martin Foley, Minister for Equality, put it best when he pointed out that there would be transgender children in every single constituency in Victoria.
Single sex schools around Australia are already supporting transgender children. That's what supportive schools do. Sporting clubs and gyms are doing just fine. Many transgender and gender diverse people never undergo surgery to affirm their gender. And they shouldn't have to. Genitals do not determine a person's gender and it is no one else's business what is in a person's underwear. The case for forced sterilisation in order to change the gender marker on a birth certificate is a deeply disturbing. The only option open to transgender men in Australia to comply with this law is a full hysterectomy. As Andrew Eklund, from The Shed says, "How does having a full hysterectomy make me a man? Does that mean every woman who has had a full hysterectomy is now a man?" Children are not permitted to undergo gender-reaffirming surgery until 18 years of age. Children like my son change the things they can control. They change their name, pronouns and personal appearance. These things become vital to transgender and gender diverse children who have so little control over everything else. They revel in being able to express themselves in a way that reflects their gender.
Imagine living your entire life with everyone thinking you are a certain gender because there is an M or F written on a piece of paper. It's like life says: "Yes, go ahead, be acknowledged for who you are by your family, friends, school and community," but bureaucracy says: "Unless you go under the knife we will not acknowledge you." My son is young, he has many years ahead of him where one letter on one document will shadow almost everything he does. He lives as a boy, and will grow to live life as a man, and there will be many times where he has to verify his identity. I worry he may slowly retreat from those situations where he needs to present his birth certificate, the risk of showing it too great. His options to live a full life closing in on him. A wide array of firsts that should be celebrated become a confronting challenge when your identity document betrays you - the rites of passage open to his peers - a first job, learner's permit, university enrolment. He could forever be confronted by the magnitude and power that one letter has. Research tells us that transgender and gender diverse children have much better mental health outcomes if they are supported. While we as families and the the wider community can support transgender and gender diverse children to feel comfortable and supported as their true gender, it is also the responsibility of those in government to do the same. Sam Hibbins asked the opposition to "Do the work that is necessary to get yourselves in a position to support this Bill." That's why we elect you. Not to bring ignorance or prejudice to the table, but to take the time to become educated on the issues that have real impacts on other people's lives.
The final Halo 3 Easter Egg has been found seven years after the game's original release, according to TeamBeyond.net.
Bungie first hinted at the existence of the Easter Egg in 2012 when the company's Jon Cable confirmed he found it in the game's code, noting it only rears its head on a specific day.
Programmer Adrian Perez later revealed the Easter Egg was a loading screen dedicated to his wife as a birthday gift.
Now the process for accessing the Easter Egg has finally been worked out, according to users at TeamBeyond. According to the website, if you press down on both thumbsticks during the loading screen on Dec. 25, you will be shown a wider view of the Halo ring. Written on the ring's surface is "Happy Birthday Lauren!"
You can check it out in the video below.
"Where are all the customers?" asks an internal Walmart email published by Bloomberg last week. "And where's their money?" Another email states "In case you haven't seen a sales report these days, February [month to date] sales are a total disaster . . . the worst start to a month I have seen in my ~7 years with the company."
Brad Plumer notes that Walmart sales are often a bellwether for the rest of the economy. Should we be freaking out?
I'm all for a modified limited freakout. To be sure, Walmart is likely to be disproportionately affected by the changes we've recently made in government policy. Ending the payroll tax holiday probably cut substantially into the disposable income of Walmart's "value oriented" customers. And because the debt ceiling deal was an eleventh-hour negotiation, the IRS couldn't process tax returns as fast. Normally, they'd be starting to roll out around now, ballooning Walmart's sales with once-a-year investments in stuff like furniture and electronics.
So there's reason to hope that this effect is 1) temporary and 2) somewhat Walmart-specific. So why freak out at all?
Because of fourth quarter GDP, which was terrible. Yes, it was an initial number that will eventually be adjusted, presumably upwards. But it's still really bad, and the best we're hoping for in a revision is "lackluster". Consumer confidence isn't so hot either.
So while I wouldn't sell the stocks and hide under the bed with your canned goods and rifles, I think there's reason for concern. If Walmart sales don't recover in the next few months, we may be in for a bumpy ride.
3 Crash Bandicoot games have been confirmed for PS4
So the Sony E3 press conference is under way and a wave of games is being announced. One of those is crash bandicoot.
The image above is a screenshot from the upcoming skylanders game.
Crash Bandicoot will return to PlayStation platforms in Skylanders Imaginators this October, followed by remasters of the first three games in the Crash Bandicoot series.
The orange bandicoot first hit the scene in 1996 and was made by Naughty Dog (developers of The last of us and Uncharted) for the original Playstation. Crash became the system's mascot but over the years the game has moved from an exclusive standpoint to a multiplatform one.
Other developers continued creating Crash Bandicoot games, including Vicarious Visions, an Activision-owned studio that's spent the last several years developing Skylanders titles.
Skylanders Imaginators is scheduled for an Oct. 16 release on Playstation 3, Playstation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One and Wii U. There's no news on the original game remasters just yet. When there is, we'll let you know.
“For years, we've been asked when is Crash returning, and today that question has been answered. Activision is proud to celebrate the iconic character's 20-year anniversary by bringing him back in ways that will appeal to hardcore fans as well as introduce him to a new generation of gamers,” said Eric Hirshberg, CEO of Activision. “We can't wait for gamers to see Crash bring his unique style and quirky personality to the epic battle against Kaos in Skylanders Imaginators. And next year, we'll expand on the Crash experience for players with remastered versions of three classic games.”
Below are the 3 covers of the original crash bandicoot trilogy.
Before I start, let me just preface this by saying I am very much an idol fan and I love the whole idea of yakkai. I love mixing and tigering wherever I can. I wouldn't do it for Love Live!, but I definitely wish I could.
In recent years Love Live! and other 2.5D idol franchises have been gaining a lot of popularity by linking together both the 2D side and 3D side of the series. This is not limited to the characters and their specific seiyuu either, as many of these franchises take place in real life locations as well allowing for activities like butai meguri. Some of these groups are so popular, they have live viewings of their concerts in various countries outside Japan, and the thought of overseas performances are no longer a dream.
By linking 2D with 3D, these franchises have brought together both anisong and idol fans, which is great, but this results in a culture clash as both sides have very different cultures regarding concerts. In idol concerts, not doing mixes and calls is disruptive because it gives people around you the impression that you are not excited or enjoying the concert, while in anisong concerts, mixing and tigering is disruptive because it ruins the mood of the song and the environment. What this means is that these 2.5D concerts are littered with people from both sides, neither being aware of the other sides concert culture. With Love Live! being a series with a majority of its fans coming from the anisong side, the actions of idol fans are not well accepted, and even yield hostile reactions from the other side. You could bring up the recent rise in popularity of mixing and tigering in anisong concerts as a counter-argument, but I feel this is also a result of 2.5D idol franchises reaching the mainstream.
In regards to the recent Tigers vs ONIBE incident, some people have brought up to me that many of the “problematic” people at these DVs, who they call tigers, have been to Anisong World Matsuri and so they must have an idea of how an anisong concert works. What I speculate is that those idol fans at AWM just assumed the crowd was filled with casual NA anime fans, people unware of the very existence of calls and penlights, and did not think too much of it. They then went to the 2nd Live delayed viewings and behaved as though they were at a regular idol concert and were frustrated over their actions not being well received. These people most likely assumed that because it's a Love Live! Concert DV, most people there, unlike AWM, must be fellow idol fans, and so they must be accepting of idol culture, completely oblivious to the fact that most Love Livers are anisong fans and idol culture is completely foreign to them, thus complaining about these “yakkai” fans being disruptive and ruining the mood.
Complaining and trying to explain that these actions are disruptive is not going to help in any way whatsoever because what defines disruptive differs from person to person, especially between the average idol fan and the average anisong fan. This whole issue stems from misinformation. As an idol fan myself, I would like to say that other idol fans should understand that Love Live! lies more on the anisong side rather than the idol side, so they should be considerate and attend these concerts as though they are attending an anisong concert. At the same time, anisong fans should understand that these idol fans are not trying to be rude or disruptive, and are not out to annoy you, but rather they're trying to enjoy the live in their own way, and they should try to inform them about the differences between their concert cultures. Being violent and throwing hate towards each other will not help with anything at all, and will only cause turmoil within the fandom. The only way this issue can be resolved is to inform, and be informed.
Special thanks to link2110 for fixing up my Engrish.
EPA and DHA omega-3s reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), according to results of a new, comprehensive meta-analysis published in the Mayo Clinic Proceedings. Among randomized controlled trials (RCTs), there was a statistically significant reduction in CHD risk in higher risk populations, including:
16 percent in those with high triglycerides and 14 percent in those with high LDL cholesterol.
A non-statistically significant 6 percent risk reduction among all populations in RCTs, a finding supported by a statistically significant 18 percent reduced risk of CHD among prospective cohort studies.
"What makes this paper unique is that it looked at the effects of EPA and DHA on coronary heart disease specifically, which is an important nuance considering coronary heart disease accounts for half of all cardiovascular deaths in the U.S.," said Dr. Dominik Alexander, lead author and Principal Epidemiologist for EpidStat. "The 6 percent reduced risk among RCTs, coupled with an 18 percent risk reduction in prospective cohort studies -- which tend to include more real-life dietary scenarios over longer periods -- tell a compelling story about the importance of EPA and DHA omega-3s for cardiovascular health."
Additional study details include:
The study reviewed 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 16 prospective cohort studies, with 93,000 and 732,000 subjects, respectively.
The study examined outcomes such as myocardial infarction, sudden cardiac death and coronary death.
The study compared the results of RCTs, which explore interventions under strict clinical conditions, to those of prospective cohort studies that are observational, and followed larger populations for longer periods of time.
"There are important public health implications related to reducing the risk of coronary heart disease, and therefore we are encouraged by the results of this comprehensive analysis," said Dr. Harry Rice, Vice President of Regulatory and Scientific Affairs for the Global Organization for EPA and DHA Omega-3s (GOED), which funded the study. "It's also important that the observed risk reductions were even stronger in patient populations with elevated triglycerides and LDL cholesterol levels, two risk factors that affect more than one quarter of the American population."
"The results confirm that increasing omega-3s is a healthy lifestyle intervention that can contribute towards reductions in CHD risk," added Adam Ismail, Executive Director of GOED. "Remember that increasing omega-3 intakes is basically just improving the quality of one's diet slightly, like reducing the amount of sodium or increasing your dietary fiber. It is a simple, inexpensive, and achievable change that most consumers need to make to optimize their health."
An accompanying editorial in Mayo Clinic Proceedings also acknowledges the importance of the study. "The meta-analyses of Alexander and colleagues suggests that omega-3 fatty acid intake may reduce risk of adverse CHD events, especially among people with elevated levels of TGs or LDL-C....omega-3 fatty acid intake of at least 1 gram of EPA+DHA per day, either from seafood or supplementation (as recommended by the American Heart Association), continues to be a reasonable strategy," said the authors.
Study authors did point out that further clinical trials looking specifically at CHD outcomes may continue to provide a better understanding of the promising beneficial relationship between EPA/DHA and CHD risk. Current RCTs have varying durations, different baseline CHD status for study participants, and utilize several methods for patient selection and randomization. Future studies should:
Increase patient populations to account for dropout rates in longer trials.
Extensively detail how subjects are diagnosed to create uniform diagnostic criteria.
Be appropriately powered to detect an effect in current clinical conditions.
Measure baseline omega-3 intake or status of study participants to determine the extent to which it confounds results.
###
The study was supported by a grant from GOED, which played no role in study design; in the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data; in the writing of the report; or in the decision to submit the article for publication.
If Democrats are tired of being associated with a jackass, I have a suggestion as a new party symbol. As an aside, if anyone feels triggered by my use of the word jackass , “The words ‘donkey' and 'ass' are used interchangeably to speak of the same species of animal.”
History has a way of coming full circle. When Democrat Andrew Jackson ran for president in 1828, he was called a jackass for his populist views. Today's populist is a Republican. Yet the jackass, or donkey, has remained associated with the Democrats, and appropriately so. For confirmation, just watch Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, Adam Schiff or any of the other braying Democrats.
My suggestion is a boomerang, a hunting weapon of indigenous Australians. Designed to be thrown and returned to the thrower. Democrats are learning to throw the boomerang as well as any Aboriginal hunter in the Outback.
Democrats have always professed to be the champions of women. In every major election, we hear about the Republican “war on women”. Donald Trump as a misogynist pig. Mitt Romney with his “binders of women”. Exceptions being the women left to drown by Ted Kennedy or those raped or harassed by Bill Clinton. Those women don't count as they were only following the hundred-dollar bill James Carville dragged through the trailer park.
The last election had a “war on women” October surprise, the Access Hollywood tape. Candidate Trump talking about what famous men can do, hypothetical, not actual. His accusers, perhaps on the payroll of Lisa Bloom, or her mother Gloria Allred, were discredited by eyewitnesses and Candidate Trump became President Trump, despite the protestations of the “I'm With Her” crowd.
The boomerang was thrown. It missed its intended target but returned to the thrower. Spinning wildly, decapitating Democrats left and right. Starting with Harvey Weinstein. Kevin Spacey, Al Franken, John Conyers, and Matt Lauer, along with a bunch of other Democrats. Those throwing the boomerang for years found it returning full speed toward their own heads.
They tried again with Roy Moore. Perhaps their accusations, despite the admitted yearbook forgery, may have taken out Moore. But Moore was a mediocre candidate, uninspiring and mounting a lukewarm defense of the accusations. The Democrats got their short-term win but the returning boomerang doesn't give them the issue they hoped for, that Roy Moore is Donald Trump. And now little chance to salvage Al Franken's career.
The dam may be breaking, with other members of Congress ready to be outed. I'm sure some will have an R after their name, but I'll bet most have a D after their name. Boomerang returning to the thrower. Prominent Democrat pundits too, as MSNBC's Chris Matthews discovered this past weekend.
It won't stop with the randy men. Boomerangs are gender neutral, a “Ze” if you want to be politically correct in gender pronouns. A Kansas business executive, running for Congress as a Democrat, who happens to be a “She” was alleged to sexual harass and fire a “He” subordinate. I'm waiting for CNN to ask “Champion of Women” Senator Kristen Gillibrand, for comment. Boomerang returning to sender.
Some really horrific stuff is happening too. A state representative in Kentucky committed suicide over sexual misconduct allegations which he adamantly denied. Accusations, while politically expedient, may destroy people, their lives and families. From Salem “witches” to Joe McCarthy's “communists”, death by accusation. A modern day “j'accuse.” Boomerangs are used to kill animals. They can kill people too.
The other boomerang headed back to the Democrats is the nonsensical “Trump worked with Russia to hack the election” narrative. A scheme that Gregg Jarrett recently outlined quite clearly, “An insidious plot unprecedented in American history was hatched within the FBI and the Obama Justice Department to help elect Hillary Clinton and defeat Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.”
Only it's not working. Donald Trump is still in the White House. Hillary is still peddling her book and wearing an ankle boot. Which for a broken toe is worn for four to six weeks. She has been wearing hers for two months. Unless the boot is hiding something else.
Instead, as I and others have opined, AG Jeff Sessions may not be asleep and instead is guiding, from a politically safe arm's length distance, a massive swamp draining operation, cleaning out numerous bad players in the upper echelons of the FBI and DOJ. Deputy Rod Rosenstein may be wearing a white hat rather than a black hat, allowing Robert Mueller to chase Trump yet in actuality catch a bunch of partisans playing the dangerous game of sedition. The round trip boomerang.
Remember also that it was top Democrats that asked the DOJ to investigate FBI leaks surrounding James Comey's letter to Congress regarding Hillary Clinton's emails. A week before the election, no less. As if a proper investigation could be done before the election.
In response, along with other reasons, the DOJ launched its own investigation via their Office of Inspector General. Beginning before Trump was even inaugurated, “In response to requests from numerous Chairmen and Ranking Members of Congressional oversight committees.” Careful what you wish for.
Investigators investigating the investigators. This may be provided the great reckoning, The Big Ugly, as Sundance calls it. Boomerang thrown and returning.
Last is the media, part and parcel of the Democrat Party. Pushing fake news stories to the point that they have little credibility. Throwing the boomerang repeatedly, from ABC's Brian Ross and the Flynn plea deal to Deutsche Bank and CNN's bogus story about Donald Trump Jr. and WikiLeaks. Only to have it return, smacking news organizations hard. And possibly ensnaring the leakers. To the point of big media being a joke and not taken seriously. Serving as a punching and tweeting bag for President Trump.
The boomerang effects. Some call it blowback, or karma. Or “what goes around comes”. Democrats, in typical fashion, are over-reaching. Pushing a false narrative not because of their intrinsic goodness, but instead for political advantage. So much so that it comes back to bite them. Hard.
They don't learn from their mistakes, which reinforces the party symbol of a jackass. But given how Trump always seems to have the last laugh, and Democrats continue to shoot themselves in the foot, the boomerang may be a more appropriate symbol for the party.
Brian C Joondeph, MD, MPS, a Denver based physician and writer. Follow him on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.
Meet the Brewer: Upslope Brewing Co.
Thurs. June 12 | 7pm | Pay-per-pint
Front Range BBQ | 2330 W. Colorado Ave
Facebook Event
Upslope Brewing Company is known in Colorado for beers brewed with exceptional quality you can drink while enjoying all of our great Colorado outdoor activities.
Like many Boulder-based businesses, sustainability is key, and Upslope has never shied away from it. They have canned from the start, and recently have partnered up with Superior EcoTech to install an algae farm on the roof of their building helping reuse their emissions.
Beer-wise, it's always what's inside the can that excites us: standards like Craft Lager and Pale Ale and tallboy-canned Imperial IP, but also the wildly popular Pumpkin ale and the brand new Thai Style White IPA.
We've been working hard getting things in place for this awesome Meet the Brewer event on June 12th at Front Range BBQ.
Joining us that evening will be their brewer, Sam, who will talk about the beer that they make, Upslope's role in the craft beer industry, and any other cool happenings that Upslope is a part of.
Tap list:
Upslope/Barrels and Bottles “Stanky Leg” Sour Mash Extra Pale Ale
ABV- 4.5
SRM- 3
IBUs- 35
We brought the Barrels and Bottles crew up from Golden to collaborate on this sour mashed extra pale ale. We started with a mash of wheat and premium pils and inoculated it with Lactobacillus Delbrueckii. Hopped with Cascade, Centennial, Belma(c) and an experimental hop blend from Australia- Orbit(c). With an assertive acidic character, and floral and blueberry aromas, this beer will challenge the palate of even the most experienced craft beer connoisseurs.
Upslope Saison
ABV-6.6%
SRM- 5
IBUs- 24
Drawing from the classic and increasingly popular French style, Upslope Saison is made with premium white wheat and pilsner malt and hopped with English Fuggles. Fermented using classic saison yeast at high temperature brings unique peppery and floral notes. With a dry and acidic finish this beer provides unparalleled refreshment and taste.
Upslope Galactic Pale Ale Firkin
ABV: 5.8%
IBUs- 36
The one and only Upslope Pale Ale dry hopped with Australian Galaxy Hops. The light body of the Upslope Pale Ale will let the rich Passionfruit notes of the Galaxy hops shine.
Pumpkin Ale
Color (deep orange)
Body (medium)
Aroma (pumpkin,spice)
ABV: 7.7%
IBU: 25
Hand picked baby bear pumpkins go into each batch so you get an all out pumpkin experience. Gold medal winner at Great American Beer Festival in its category.
Belgian-Style Pale Ale
ABV: 7.5%
IBUs- 30
Color: Sun Yellow
Body: Light
Aroma: Banana, Semi-Sweet
Wonderfully deceptive, this light bodied Belgian-Style Ale is full of flavor with an alcoholic kick. Trappist Ale yeast provides fruity esters that are balanced out with coriander on the finish. Bronze medal winner at the Great American Beer Festival in the 2009 Pro/Am Competition.
Craft Lager
ABV: 4.8%
IBUs: 15
Color: Pale
Body: Light
Aroma: Crisp malt, subtle Saaz hops
100% all malt, premium American lager. The perfect companion for a fishing trip, float down the river, or whatever your day throws at you. Smooth, easy drinking, crisp finish, available in a can. 1% of all proceeds go to protecting our waterways via Colorado Trout Unlimited.
