Most 'Trailer Park Boys' fans were under the impression that Lucy and Randy's baby was retconned for Netflix, but the boys just revealed that is not the case.
If you joined the Sunnyvale crew while their adventures were already in progress, like myself, you probably have had a difficult time following the narrative between some of the specials, the movies, the original run of the TV series and the new Netflix seasons. There are certain things that don't match from one iteration to the next and the timeline between them all, to put it in Bubbles' terms, is a little f--ky. However, this isn't 'Lost.' We don't need every little story detail to be explained in a consistent way to be satisfied. We just need Ricky to keep dropping Ricky-isms, Randy to keep eating cheeseburgers and J-Roc's rhymes to be "tight as piss." On that front -- 'Trailer Park Boys' always delivers.
There is one inconsistency that has stuck out to fans more than the others though -- the unexplained disappearance of Randy and Lucy's baby between seasons 7 and 8. Granted, there was a 7-year gap between the two seasons, but in that time Baby Randy would have grown up and it would've been hilarious to see a 7 or 8-year old boy being co-raised by Randy and Ricky. Unfortunately, that was not the way the writers decided to go. Instead, Baby Randy was retconned out of existence when the boys moved to Netflix... or so we thought. Their recent Facebook post explained what really happened to Baby Randy... or at least what they came up with to appease curious fans.
Trailer Park Boys, Facebook
There you have it! Baby Randy is off living with relatives. If that makes you feel like this plot-hole has been filled in a satisfying manner, follow me this way. I have some Midi-Chlorians I'd like to sell you. #BringBackBabyRandy
Key Learnings
After every campaign the most important thing is to analyse the result. There are definitely more learnings from a failed campaign than a successful one but the successful one helps you to understand the secret to success which will help you recreate it.
Along with the tangible benefits of the campaign (number of downloads and impressions); there were far more intangable returns (connections with the influencers and amongst other things)
Content is King
The most important piece of the viral puzzle is having amazing content. The content has to be designed in such a way that people are compelled to ask their friends to check it out. While strategising the content ensure that it does not sound like a sales pitch. Even though Demo Apple Watch was customized for Pipes News and the second bit of the website did have a mention about us; it was never meant to be explicitly about Pipes. It was always about the experience. Even the established publishing houses like The Telegraph ended up putting their logo in the demo screen.
Image uploaded by The Telegraph
Hence the content and experience presented to the world should be interesting, informative and enjoyable for the consumer along with being packaged to perfection.
Timing
Timing is the linchpin of every marketing campaign. This was another thing where we hit the nail on the head. 7th of January, 9 to 5 Macs Mark Gurman leaked the delay of the launch day of Apple Watch. This was the perfect time to get their attention.
As Mike Butcher has rightly mentioned in his blog “The most solid pitches come when the startup relates what they do to a CURRENT news story of the day”.
A lot of publications wrote about this delay in the launch and ended the article at a note asking their viewers to check out this virtual interactive demo of Apple Watch instead. Timing makes or breaks your marketing strategy.
Creating demand
Even being optimistic we were estimating about 50,000 impressions for this campaign. Hence we didn't care to pump in too much money into the server. We went ahead and purchased a shared hosting with a very limited bandwidth. Due to this we were not able to support more than 12000 concurrent users.
Since we got such an amazing influx of users, a lot of users were not granted direct access. They had to hit refresh a several time and some had to even wait for 2–5 minutes to get access. This did get a few people upset; they even left bad comments on the press coverages. But, on the other hand we also had a large proportion of the highly satisfied users. Some even went one step ahead and jumped to our defense against the negative reviews.
Comments on the coverage we received from 9to5Mac
The result that this chaos had created was ‘Demand'. Since, the supply was scare demand for Demo Apple Watch went through the charts. This helped in taking the campaign to places. This also helped the campaign last longer than we had expected.
Make sharing easy
A campaign or an idea goes viral only when the people who see it share their experience with their friends asking them to try it out. Marketing is at it's best when your users do the selling for you. In order to encourage the buildup of this organic chain it is important to make it extremely easy for the users/viewers to share across different platforms. Hence, visibly integrate a share plugin with all major social media platforms.
Conclusion
There is no sure shot solution for a successful marketing campaign. You can take back some tips and learnings from the successful ones and apply it to your campaign. Having said that there is no assurance for success. But my advice to you is do not ever give up. Keep trying. Keep hustling.
You could check out our app here.
TagPro King of the Hill Sound Board a guest Feb 14th, 2015 383 Never a guest383Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.65 KB // ==UserScript== // @name Tagpro King of the Hill Sound Board // @namespace http://tagpro.gg/ // @version 0.1 // @include http://tagpro-*.koalabeast.com:* // @include http://tangent.jukejuice.com:* // @include http://*.newcompte.fr:* // @description Change some sounds to King of the Hill sounds // @author mudrat // @reference https://www.reddit.com/r/TagPro/wiki/api // ==/UserScript== tagpro.ready(function () { dropAudio = document.getElementById('drop'); //hank that boy aint right, alternate: wompwompwomp https://a.clyp.it/jfgeizbr.mp3 dropAudio.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/gxm4djnp.mp3 '; dropAudio.load(); dropAudio2 = document.getElementById('friendlydrop'); //hank dang it bobby dropAudio2.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/ucd2ymc1.mp3'; dropAudio2.load(); dropAudio3 = document.getElementById('cheering'); //peggy i can and i will dropAudio3.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/n4jhvh2l.mp3'; dropAudio3.load(); dropAudio4 = document.getElementById('sigh'); //boomhauer crying dropAudio4.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/knu2wus5.mp3'; dropAudio4.load(); dropAudio5 = document.getElementById('powerup'); //grandpa hill feisty dropAudio5.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/yarvnngh.mp3'; dropAudio5.load(); dropAudio6 = document.getElementById('friendlyalert'); //khan you go now dropAudio6.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/mjs0ev4u.mp3'; dropAudio6.load(); dropAudio7 = document.getElementById('alert'); //peggy aaaaaagh!!! dropAudio7.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/aotxeb32.mp3'; dropAudio7.load(); })
RAW Paste Data
// ==UserScript== // @name Tagpro King of the Hill Sound Board // @namespace http://tagpro.gg/ // @version 0.1 // @include http://tagpro-*.koalabeast.com:* // @include http://tangent.jukejuice.com:* // @include http://*.newcompte.fr:* // @description Change some sounds to King of the Hill sounds // @author mudrat // @reference https://www.reddit.com/r/TagPro/wiki/api // ==/UserScript== tagpro.ready(function () { dropAudio = document.getElementById('drop'); //hank that boy aint right, alternate: wompwompwomp https://a.clyp.it/jfgeizbr.mp3 dropAudio.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/gxm4djnp.mp3 '; dropAudio.load(); dropAudio2 = document.getElementById('friendlydrop'); //hank dang it bobby dropAudio2.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/ucd2ymc1.mp3'; dropAudio2.load(); dropAudio3 = document.getElementById('cheering'); //peggy i can and i will dropAudio3.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/n4jhvh2l.mp3'; dropAudio3.load(); dropAudio4 = document.getElementById('sigh'); //boomhauer crying dropAudio4.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/knu2wus5.mp3'; dropAudio4.load(); dropAudio5 = document.getElementById('powerup'); //grandpa hill feisty dropAudio5.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/yarvnngh.mp3'; dropAudio5.load(); dropAudio6 = document.getElementById('friendlyalert'); //khan you go now dropAudio6.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/mjs0ev4u.mp3'; dropAudio6.load(); dropAudio7 = document.getElementById('alert'); //peggy aaaaaagh!!! dropAudio7.src = 'https://a.clyp.it/aotxeb32.mp3'; dropAudio7.load(); })
She made her New York theater debut in 1984 in an Off Broadway evening of Beckett pieces that included “Footfalls,” a piece about a woman talking to her infirm mother, in which the character, May, is confined to pacing incessantly and with an uncomfortable gait in a tiny rectangle of light, and “Rockaby,” in which she played a woman dying in a rocking chair. The character has only one live spoken line — the word “more,” which she says a handful of times — but on tape she spills forth her anguished final thoughts. Then the rocking stops, a dim spotlight shines on the character's face, and the life in it flickers and goes out.
“During the long silence, the actress doesn't so much as twitch an eyelash,” Frank Rich wrote in The New York Times. “And yet, by the time the darkness is total, we're left with an image different from one we'd seen half a minute earlier. Somehow Miss Whitelaw has banished life from her expression; what remains are a death mask, so devoid of blood it could be a faded, crumbling photograph. And somehow, even as the face disintegrates, we realize that it has curled into a faint baby's smile. We're left not only with the horror of death but with the peace.” Mr. Rich added, “It's possible that you haven't lived until you've watched Billie Whitelaw die.”
Billie Honor Whitelaw was born to working-class parents in Coventry, England, near Birmingham, on June 6, 1932. A stutterer as a girl, when she was 9 her mother sent her to a local theater in the hope of improving her speech, and she soon began performing in radio plays. She worked in regional theaters in Britain, and in the 1950s, as the tide turned in English theater from the courtly and highbrow to the kitchen sink, her North Country accent brought her work.
Her first major stage success in London's West End came in 1959, in “Progress in the Park” a contemporary drama about an ill-fated love between a Protestant boy and a Roman Catholic girl in Liverpool. . Ms. Whitelaw's first marriage ended in divorce. She married Robert Muller, a writer, in 1967. He died in 1998. In addition to their son, she is survived by four grandchildren.
Ms. Whitelaw's last film, a crime comedy, was “Hot Fuzz,” in 2007. After Beckett died, she stopped performing his work, though she often lectured about the plays of his in which she had appeared. In an interview with The Times shortly after his death, she described their relationship with vibrant metaphors.
“I'm like the canvas who has lost the paintbrush,” she said, adding: “He needed me to complete his vision. I was the trumpet, and he blew it.”
In our last post, we examined some of the basic principles underlying the marijuana supply chain, from growing, to processing, to product design, distribution and retail sales.
Regardless of which link in the cannabusiness supply chain one chooses to undertake, as the legal cannabis industry grows and matures, one fact has become abundantly clear: the regulatory framework that states choose to adopt will have a fundamental effect on how the industry in that state will develop.
States are legislative laboratories, where different systems are implemented, examined and (hopefully) improved upon. As more and more states begin to experiment with different ways to implement legalization frameworks, we have begun to see how state regulations can influence and form supply chains.
For example, Colorado's Amendment 64 tasks state regulators with preventing black market weed from entering the supply chain. The amendment accounts for the likely eventuality that, simply because existing cannabis supply chains now have the option to operate legally and above board, not all of them will choose to do so, rather deciding to accept the risks of running afoul of state regulations and criminal laws in exchange for avoiding government taxes on their profits.
So, since we know that there will still be black-market cannabis available in legal markets, regulators had to think of a way to prevent ill-begotten cannabis from being used in legitimate cannabusiness.
By Sarah B. Boxer
While the nation remains divided on whether recreational marijuana should be legalized, an exclusive new Yahoo News/Marist Poll finds that 83 percent of American adults — even 81 percent of parents — believe that medicinal marijuana should be legalized.
But as perceptions of pot as it relates to the American family shift, a member of one of America's most prominent families is speaking out.
Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy (D-R.I.) says that lobbyists pushing for the legalization of medical marijuana are trying to sell the public on a “Trojan horse” — making the drug seem more normalized and acceptable in society, though it still has dangerous impacts on minors. “The public health doesn't stand a chance in this fight, because we're up against money that is going to continue to grow as this industry spreads,” Kennedy concedes, likening marijuana proponents to the big tobacco industry.
Through his organization Project SAM (Smart Approaches to Marijuana), Kennedy is trying to educate the public and offer other solutions available in the medical industry. He points to the FDA-approved medication Marinol, a synthetic form of cannabis, as an alternative to the real thing.
“Right now, no one knows what they're buying — that can be a hazard to public health,” Kennedy tells Yahoo News and Finance Anchor Bianna Golodryga. Referring to natural marijuana, he says, “If someone needs the beneficial effects of some component in this plant, then we know what to do. We don't eat willow bark from a tree, we buy aspirin. We have a process for doing that. It's called the FDA. The reason we do is we want to protect the public's health. We're doing nothing of the sort by just calling it, in a blanket sense, ‘medicine.'”
“Our country is susceptible to addiction,” Kennedy tells Golodryga. “I just don't know how much sense it makes to try to allow another intoxicating, addicting substance to be sold in the marketplace.”
Kennedy argues that lack of regulation in the pharmaceutical and alcohol industries is a prime example of why marijuana could be just as dangerous if legalized. “What do you say to those who argue … that alcohol has far more deadly consequences and addictive consequences than marijuana?” asks Golodryga.
“I don't disagree with that. Two wrongs don't make a right,” responds Kennedy. “Alcohol's already legal, and there's no putting that horse back in the barn. Let's stop this horse from getting out of the barn. It's a question of, what floor do they drop you from — the 10th floor or the fourth floor? You're still in trouble.”
Kennedy also bristles at the notion that there is “less to worry about” with pot than with opioids because fewer people are dying from the former. “I just don't think we should relish the thought that any American is kept from their God-given potential.”
In Rhode Island, where the district he represented in Congress is located, drug overdoses are a public health crisis. The opioid crisis is at the root of that epidemic, but Kennedy argues that marijuana usage needs to be examined just as carefully.
“What I worry about is marijuana sapping the motivation and cognition of our young people. So, they might not end up on a slab because they OD'd on fentanyl, because they were originally addicted to OxyContin, but their lives may end up becoming permanently disabled. Essentially, they're missing in action. They're not killed in action. They're missing in action.”
_____
Read more from the Yahoo Weed & the American Family series:
Official State Insect of Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania designated the firefly, Photuris pennsylvanica (De Geer), as the official state insect in 1974. A small, unremarkable beetle by day, fireflies can transform a midsummer night into a fairyland of tiny, brilliant twinkling lights - a true wonder of nature. The firefly is also a state symbol of Tennessee. All State Insects
How did the Firefly become a Symbol of Pennsylvania?
It began when elementary students in the town of Upper Darby saw an article about Maryland adopting a state insect. Pennsylvania lacked a state insect at the time, so the students entered their selection of an insect symbol to the General Assembly. On April 10, 1974, the firefly was formally adopted by the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Upper Darby Elementary School's Principal at the time, Thomas Hafner, and schoolteacher Debe Hill communicated with Governor Milton Shapp to make the effort successful. The students were presented with a bronze plaque in the shape of a keystone which now hangs in the front hall of Highland Park Elementary School (from: PA Historical & Museum Collection).
Firefly Facts
Commonly called "lightning bug" in Pennsylvania, the firefly produces light through an efficient chemical reaction using special organs, with very little heat given off as wasted energy. One or both sexes use species-specific flash patterns to attract members of the opposite sex (though not all firefly species are bio-luminescent as adults).
These flashing signals range from a continuous glow, to discrete single flashes, to "flash-trains" (composed of multi-pulsed flashes). In most North American species of firefly (including Photuris pennsylvanica), the males fly about flashing their species-specific flash pattern, while females are typically perched on vegetation near the ground. When a flashing male attracts a female, she responds at a fixed time delay after the male's last flash. A short flash dialogue may ensue between the fireflies as the male firefly locates her position and descends to mate.
A Red Cross volunteer returned home to find his son dead. He was gunned down in east Columbus late Saturday night while walking home from work.
"I have no clue, I have no idea why young people kill each other for no reason," said La Mona Marshall, as she looked at photos of her son Roberto, who was shot to death in an apartment parking lot complex on Stone Ridge Drive.
"I just don't understand, because he was a friend to everybody," said Marshall.
"You can try and better yourself every day," said Lavonna Marshall, Marshall's sister, "you never know it's your last day."
When Marshall was shot by an assailant, his mother was 1,000 miles away working as a Red Cross Volunteer helping victims of Hurricane Harvey.
"You can sympathize with people, with what they are going through, "said Marshall, “when they lose everything, you lose a loved one, I never expected to feel that, I keep expecting him to walk through the door."
Marshall tells ABC 6/FOX 28, minutes after learning her son had been murdered, her Red Cross family in Houston, went into action.
"Before I even got back into the hotel, they were there waiting for me, booking a flight," said Marshall.
Roberto followed in his mom's footsteps helping others.
"He registered people to vote, was an original member of "Voices of The Unheard', a program that targets youths who have trouble staying in school and impacted by the justice system. Marshall also worked to get a truancy bill passed last year in Ohio that offered alternatives to kids who skipped school.
"Made it so when kids got out of school, they got a good education and stayed off the streets and violence," said Shakeya Locke, Marshall's sister.
Columbus Police now tracking leads to find Marshall's killer. Anyone with information is asked to call detectives at (614) 645-4545
Republicans must follow through on their promise and pass the latest ObamaCare repeal legislation, regardless of its flaws, a top Republican said Wednesday.
According to The Des Moines Register, Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) told reporters in his home state that Republicans have been campaigning on repealing and replacing ObamaCare for years and must seize any opportunity they can.
ADVERTISEMENT
“You know, I could maybe give you 10 reasons why this bill shouldn't be considered,” Grassley said of the legislation sponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) and Bill Cassidy William (Bill) Morgan CassidyCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Ivanka Trump to meet with GOP senators to discuss paid family leave legislation Bipartisan senators ask industry for information on surprise medical bills MORE (R-La.).
“But Republicans campaigned on this so often that you have a responsibility to carry out what you said in the campaign. That's pretty much as much of a reason as the substance of the bill.”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) on Wednesday said he intends to hold a vote on the bill next week. It's not clear if he has the votes needed for it to pass.
Grassley reportedly expressed doubt that it could pass.
“No, I think we're one or two votes short, and I don't see those other one or two votes coming,” he said, according to the Register. “I hope I'm wrong.”
Republican Sens. Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (Alaska), John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (Ariz.) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (Maine) are undecided on the legislation, but have all expressed concerns with either the process or the substance of the proposal.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) has said he will oppose it.
The Graham-Cassidy bill would repeal much of ObamaCare, ending funding for Medicaid's expansion and the health-care law's subsidies that help people buy insurance. In their place, block grants would be given to states.
A statement from Grassley's office said he's not just interested in checking off a box to fulfill a campaign pledge, and that he believes repealing ObamaCare will help Iowans.
His office also noted that he was interested in a bipartisan proposal from Sens. Lamar Alexander Andrew (Lamar) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE (R-Tenn.) and Patty Murray Patricia (Patty) Lynn MurrayThis week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC, company says MORE (D-Wash.) that would address rising premiums and limited choices on the state's insurance market.
However, Alexander yesterday declared that effort dead. Democrats blamed Republican leadership for killing the bipartisan legislation to clear the way for the new repeal attempt.
You may recall our outrage over Jay-Z and Samsung's new Magna Carta Holy Grail app. It was poorly designed and requested way more digital access than it should have for an app designed simply to provide customers with a new album. As we reported earlier this month:
This app's very existence is vaguely bewildering. The number of permissions it asks for verges on parody. Its (previous) ability to spam up your social feeds is obnoxious. Its presentation is perfunctory at best. It does nothing to protect the songs from downloading and sharing—of course, this would have happened with Samsung's cooperation or not, but if the point was "exclusivity," then somebody missed a memo somewhere.
Even Jay-Z, whose real name is Sean Carter, said the fact the app requires access to so much private data was disappointing. As he wrote on Twitter: “sux must do better.” Now, a privacy advocacy group wants the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to investigate.
“Samsung failed to disclose material information about the privacy practices of the App, collected data unnecessary to the functioning of the Magna Carta App, deprived users of meaningful choice regarding the collection of their data, interfered with device functionality, and failed to implement reasonable data minimization procedures,” the Electronic Privacy Information Center said in a complaint (PDF) filed on Friday, July 12, 2013 and announced on Sunday, July 14, 2013.
Still, the Los Angeles Times wrote—citing Jeremiah Reynolds, an intellectual property lawyer based in Southern California—that the FTC probably won't launch legal action. There simply isn't any umbrella federal privacy law.
“People may believe it's intrusive, but as long as it's correctly described and as long as the people give consent, I don't see what the issue is,” he told the paper.
The prophecy for flooding in Quebec has been fulfilled. Each year, students at Bishop's University in Sherbrooke, Quebec, anticipate whether or not the annual thaw will bring the postponement of final exams. This year, as in many years before, their prayers were answered…or not.
The Massawippi River runs right alongside the campus at Bishop's, and during the spring and summer months, serves as a canal for students to float down on inflatable rafts with various refreshing beverages to keep themselves cool. In the fall however, the mighty shores of the Massawippi, are an incredibly unpredictable phenomenon.
Photo Credit: Twitter
The water levels have been known to rise by several feet in a matter of minutes in the narrow portion of the river, which runs along the west side of the campus. The tributary then runs into the St. Francois river, which as a result of snow melting and heavy rainfall in the region lately, has risen to over six meters!
The paddling started early this year as some dedicated students, already preparing for the ‘Spring School' season, were forced to inflate their rafts early in order to make it to, or from campus! With classes suspended and several streets closed in the community of Lennoxville, these years' graduating class may just be able to enjoy being a part of the ‘Purple and Silver' community, for a few extra days. Some students, are taking full advantage of their unexpected time off, by doing things that few people would even think about doing in their situation.
Not every University in Canada would see a body of water as a symbol of the times, but for these students, it is a sign of what it really takes to be a Bishop's attendee. Whether it is the flood indicating the start of Spring School, the swan song swim after the final class, or the customary return to the rapids with a vengeance at Convocation in August, the importance of the river is that it has created a culture that those who are not a part of, struggle to understand. You've got to be a Gaiter, to get it.
The river is currently flowing high and heavy around the city, carrying with it chunks of ice and broken tree branches. Public safety authorities in Sherbrooke, Que., have issued a flooding alert for part of the city, and with more rain in the forecast, it is expected that the water levels in the Saint-François River and other bodies of water in the region could climb even higher and force further evacuations. This might seem frightening and worrisome to many experiencing this from afar. The students however, embrace the challenge, and appreciate the power that the Massawippi River casts over the student body and faculty at Bishop's University each and every year.
Photo Credit: Facebook
So raise a toast, to the Canadian University students, who transform adversity into a way of life, one natural disaster at a time.
THE easiest way to squirrel electricity away in times of plenty, for use when it is scarce, is to pump water uphill with it. Such pumped storage is widely employed where local geography and hydrology permit, but it does need two basins, at different heights, to act as reservoirs, and a supply of water to fill them. At least one of the basins is likely to have to be artificial. The two must be connected by a tunnel that lets water flow between them. And the tunnel must house turbines attached to electrical devices that can do double duty—as motors to turn the turbine blades when they are pushing water from the lower reservoir to the upper one, and as generators when the blades are rotated in the opposite direction by an aqueous downrush after the upper sluices are opened.
Where geography does not favour pumped storage, though, the search is on for alternatives. These range from giant batteries, via caverns filled with compressed air, to huge flywheels made of carbon-fibre composites. But one firm looking into the matter eschews all these. It has stuck with the logic of pumped storage, which is to move large amounts of matter up and down hills. The difference is that in its case the matter is solid.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The firm in question calls itself ARES, which stands for Advanced Rail Energy Storage. A more apt figure from Greek mythology than the god of war, though, might be Sisyphus, who was condemned by the gods to push a rock to the top of a mountain, only for it to roll back down again so that he had to repeat the punishment for eternity. ARES does indeed push rocks uphill, only to let them roll down again.
The rocks stand in for the water in a pumped-storage system. They are carried up- and downhill by a train that is thus the equivalent of the turbines. The track the train runs on is equivalent to the tunnel. And the motors that drive the train act, like the electrical kit of a pumped-storage turbine, as generators when they run in reverse as the train rolls backwards downhill, pulled by gravity.
ARES built a prototype of this arrangement in 2013, near a wind farm in Tehachapi, California. Linking a storage system with an intermittent source of supply such as a wind farm is useful, because it can be employed to bolster the farm's output when the wind is not strong enough, a process called load balancing.
The prototype proved the principle, and now the company has bigger plans. In March it received approval from America's Bureau of Land Management to lease land to build a track near Pahrump, Nevada. This would run larger trains than those at Tehachapi, and these would carry their rocks in concrete boxes, rather than loose. Once at the top of the track, the boxes would be raised by jacks built into the wagons carrying them, rotated and then lowered back down onto supports on either side of the track, so that they straddled the track above the height of a train, like bridges. Freed of their burdens, the trains would then run back downhill to fetch more loads. When the time came to generate power, the process would be reversed.
The hill ARES has chosen has a gradient of about 8%. The track itself is just under 9km (about 5½ miles) long. The company estimates that its proposed system will be able to store 12.5 MWh of energy, and deliver it back to the grid at a rate of up to 50MW. That is still small compared with pumped storage (the Dinorwig facility in Britain, for example, has a capacity of 10.8GWh and a maximum output of 1.8GW), but ARES's engineers think it is enough to make commercial sense, at least in principle. And if principle turns to practice, it can be enlarged.
Such a Sisyphean solution is unlikely to beat pumped storage in places where that is possible, but in parched landscapes like Nevada's it has every chance of doing so. And, since deserts often host power stations that rely on the renewable but intermittent fuel of sunlight, this might give it quite a comfortable niche in a world where using fossil fuels to generate electricity is increasingly frowned on. At the moment, ARES's plan is simply to draw power from the grid when it is cheap and sell it back when it is expensive. But the logical end of the line for such a railway is as a load-balancer for local solar-power stations.
Survivor 2015: AJ Mass on the 13 Archetypes of Survivor Second Chance
Rob talks to ESPN's A.J. Mass, author of the books How Fantasy Sports Explains the World: What Pujols and Peyton Can Teach Us About Wookiees and Wall Street and the latest release Yes, It's Hot in Here: Adventures in the Weird, Woolly World of Sports Mascots, about the Survivor San Juan Del Sur archetypes and they do their Survivor Fantasy Draft of the final 13 players.
LISTEN TO ALL OF AJ MASS' PODCASTS ON RHAP
The 13 Second Chance Archetypes (Ranked in order of the Archetype making Final Tribal) According to AJ Mass
1. Diplomat – Kelly Wentworth
2. Marriage #1 – Tasha
3. Mad Scientist – Kass
4. X Factor – Kelly Wigglesworth
5. Captain Loophole – Stephen
6. Idiot Savant – Kimmi
7. Marriage #2 – Andrew
8. Old Reliable – Joe
9. Narcissist – Jeremy
10. Loose Cannon – Abi
12. Cheerleader – Spencer
12. Ninja – Ciera
13. Fresh Meat – Keith
Rob and AJ's Survivor Second Chance Fantasy Draft
After winning last summer's Big Brother Fantasy Draft, Rob gave the first pick in the draft to AJ in the snake draft.The scoring system awards
1 point – making it through tribal council without getting voted out
2 points – winning immunity
2 points – playing the hidden immunity idol
3 points – making final tribal council
3 points – each vote received at final tribal council
Pick 1) Rob – Jeremy
Pick 2) AJ – Stephen
Pick 3) AJ – Kelly Wentworth
Pick 4) Rob – Tasha
Pick 5) Rob – Ciera
Pick 6) AJ – Spencer
Pick 7) AJ – Joe
Pick 8) Rob – Andrew
Pick 9) Rob – Abi
Pick 10) AJ – Kass
Pick 11) AJ – Kimmi
Pick 12) Rob – Kelly Wigglesworth
Subscribe to the Podcast:
On a Sunday evening in May, ahead of the javelin throw event at the Indian Grand Prix in Patiala, few eyes would have been on Davinder Singh. Not many might have predicted that Singh would qualify for the London World Championships, as he did, with a throw of 84.57m. His mark is the seventh best in the world this season, and the second best ever by an Indian, only behind Neeraj Chopra's national record of 86.48m recorded last year.
But while Chopra, the defending youth world champion, is seen as amongst the brightest prospects in Indian athletics, Singh is relatively unknown to all but the most devoted followers of the sport in India. The 29-year old from Chak Shakur village in Punjab's Jalandhar district isn't even currently a part of the national camp.
Singh's was a mark recorded even as he wore borrowed throwing shoes because his own cleats were coming apart from the seams. In an attempt to save some money (the shoes are sold at a significant markup by the few dealers who stock the product in India), Singh had asked a friend in England to send him a pair of the specialized equipment. Unfortunately, the shipment had been held up at customs. Singh had completed his first three throws in his old shoes, sending the carbon fibre spear in the modest 77m range before eventually asking a colleague for a favour.
The javelin throw is an event that requires athletes to accelerate as hard as possible before bracing a foot just before the foul line. It's a technique known as a 'block' that transfers momentum to the spear. In his fraying shoes with spikes worn down to the nub and skin that had recently been patched up by a Patiala cobbler, this was a particularly risky attempt. "Dar dar ke phenk raha tha (I was scared while attempting the throw)," he says.
Singh would know, he had paid the penalty before.
Back in 2010, he was in line to compete at the New Delhi Commonwealth Games, when he slipped in his attempt at a block during a practice session. Singh fractured his throwing elbow and was ruled out of action for nearly a year. "Man tut gaya tha (I was heartbroken)," he remembers. His return, since then, has been slow. Apart from a few results - a gold at a Asian GP in 2015 and another at the Federation Cup, that same year - there were no stands out performances.
When I am sacrificing as much as I am, I make every moment I train count. I've learned more about my training than I did in all the previous years when I was in the camp," says Singh. Devender Singh
While he failed to qualify for the Olympics, his throw of 80.21m at the Indian Grand Prix in Bangalore, the final qualifying tournament for Rio last year, hinted at his potential. "I was disappointed at missing out on the Olympics, but I felt I would still prove myself," he says.
It was a belief that was tested as he was left out of the national camp. He had been included at first, but says he had differences over the coaching program charted by Australian coach Garry Calvert. "I have a lot of respect for Calvert sir but his training didn't suit me. His workouts were not intense enough," explains Singh. "Coach Calvert's method will work for Neeraj because he still has many years to develop. I am almost 30. I have to push myself a lot harder."
Being excluded meant that Singh wouldn't benefit from the hostel facilities and diet provided to campers by the Sports Authority of India at Netaji Subhas National Institute of Sports (NIS), Patiala. It was a serious burden that his Rs. 40,000 a month salary as an Army Naib Subedar wouldn't come close to covering. "Training as an athlete is not cheap. I have to stay outside and try to save costs by sharing a room with four other athletes. I put all my salary in my training but it still isn't enough. My father is a small farmer but he helps out where he can," he says. He also raises funds by coaching junior athletes. "One of my trainee's father gave me one lakh rupees to help me to train ahead of the Indian Grand Prix."
Singh, however, believes that the adversity has helped him improve as an athlete. "When I am sacrificing as much as I am, I make every moment I train count. I've learned more about my training than I did in all the previous years when I was in the camp," he says.
Singh says he has switched up his training program entirely. "I used to train purely for strength in the past. A lot of that was useless strength. But now I've worked on my core strength. I used to be 107kg but I'm training for speed now and I've lost nearly 20kg," says the 5'10 athlete. Over the last year, while Singh will periodically discuss technical details with former CWG bronze medalist Kashinath Naik, he is, for the most part, self-coached.
Now that he has qualified for the World Championships, Singh might be expected to feel vindicated, but he isn't done yet. He has posted a number of videos on Youtube of practice sessions where he records throws over 86m. He now wants to post those numbers in competition.
"I've got another Indian Grand Prix coming up in another week," he says. He's hoping his shoes clear customs and arrive in India by then. "Otherwise I'll just pay the extra cost as get them from one of the dealers. Regardless of the expense, I'll have to get it. I'll look to break the national record there."
*This article was originally posted in May 2017, after Davinder had qualified for the World Championships. He will be in action in the Javelin throw final on August 13, 12:45 AM IST.
Turkey summoned Russian envoy on Friday over new violation of airspace by Russian SU-34 jets, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has said in a statement on Saturday.
According to the statement, the Russian jet were warned in English and Russian before it violated Turkey's airspace for 20-25 seconds near southeastern Gaziantep province.
The Russian envoy was called to the ministry, where the incident was protested and condemned.
It added that the violation is an indicator of Russia's irresponsible actions, which led to the increase in tensions between the two countries, despite explicit warnings by Turkey and NATO.
The ministry also called on Russia to avoid violating Turkey's - and NATO's - airspace and act responsibly, while adding that any consequences of such irresponsible actions would be Russia's responsibility.
However, the Russian Defense Ministry said that no Russian aircraft had violated Turkish airspace, Sputnik reported Saturday.
"There were no violations of Turkish airspace by aircraft of the Russian air group in the Syrian Arab Republic. Turkish authorities' statements of an alleged violation of Turkish airspace by a Russian Su-34 jet are naked propaganda," the Russian Defense Ministry spokesman said.
A warplane of unknown nationality, which turned out to be a Russian-made SU-24 jet, entered Turkish airspace on November 24. It was downed by Turkish F16 fighter jets patrolling the border, upon the Russian pilot's refusal to quit Turkish airspace even after 10 warnings.
Russia later claimed responsibility for the jet which fell in Bayırbucak region in Syria bordering Yayladağı district of southern Hatay province of Turkey. NATO confirmed the validity of the information disclosed by Turkey regarding the airspace violation. In early October, Russian warplanes had also violated Turkish airspace and Russian officials apologized for the incident and said that it would not be repeated. Later on, Turkey again declared that rules of engagement including military response would be implemented.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CANTON, Ohio- A local house and woman who lived there are being investigated by the Catholic Church.
The process has begun to one day canonize Rhoda Wise as only the 4th American-born saint.
Her house in Canton could become a church-sanctioned shrine.
The West Virginia native, who settled in Ohio; got married; and raised an adopted daughter, experienced many hardships throughout her life.
During the Great Depression, she was sent home to die, but she claimed Jesus and St. Therese visited her and answered her prayers.
The deadly abdominal infection, gaping wound and severely malformed foot were all healed.
Many miraculous events have been reported at the house ever since from weeping statues to incredible cures.
Rhoda herself had the Stigmata, what many Christians believe is the spontaneous bleeding on the body corresponding with the crucifixion wounds of Jesus.
For more than 2 years she bled profusely from her head, hands and feet, but she never complained about the suffering. She accepted it gladly so that others might be healed.
**For extended coverage including an interview with a woman who claimed she was healed click here.**
*Wednesday night on FOX 8 News at 10, hear from another woman who says she was cured inside the Canton home.**
That students demonstrate no grasp of the First Amendment is nothing surprising. In a weird sense, it's not their fault. They've been told that it means whatever they feel it should mean, with a plethora of wild expectations and demands that pop into their collective heads for no particular reason. They've been indoctrinated with such simplistic fortune cookie nonsense as “rights come with responsibilities,” and those responsibilities mean “hate speech” is not protected. They just make up whatever “responsibilities” suit their feelings.
Combined with their narcissistic entitlement to inform others, like lawyers or Housemasters, of their personal vision of law, it's amusing, exasperating and, invariably, idiotic. But they're kids. You expect kids to be kids. You expect them to believe all manner of nonsense that comports with their sense of propriety. Isn't that what childishness is all about?
What is not expected, or acceptable, is for the Department of Justice to hop aboard the crazy train driven by the Queen of the Gender War, the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights rogue bureaucrat, Catherine Lhamon. Her reach beyond her limited authority under Title IX to unlawfully seize jurisdiction over every sexual (at least, sexual as perceived by the “victim”) interaction between students has been thoroughly discussed, not that anyone in Congress has shown sufficient interest in reining in the out-of-control Avenging Angel of sad sexual survivors.
In a 37-page letter, the Department of Justice, by Shaheena Simons, [Acting] Chief of the Educational Opportunities Section, Civil Rights Division, and the New Mexico United States Attorney, Damon Martinez, has taken Lhamon's micromanagement of student relations under wing, and with the prosecutorial fiat of DoJ, threatened the University of New Mexico to capitulate by violating the Constitution. This isn't a tangential suggestion, but a direct command: Violate the Constitution. Or else. Whereas the DoE's only clout is withholding federal educational funds, the DoJ's power is far more nefarious. They wield the bludgeon of prosecution.
LEGAL STANDARDS
The United States conducted this investigation and review of the University under its Title IX and Title IV authority. Title IX and its implementing regulations, 28 C.F.R. Part 54, prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex in education programs and activities operated by recipients of federal financial assistance. Title IV prohibits discrimination against students in public schools and colleges and universities based on sex, race, color, religion, and national origin. The University is a public school that receives federal financial assistance and therefore is subject to the requirements of both Title IX and Title IV. In the context of court actions for injunctive relief and administrative enforcement actions, the United States interprets Title IX and Title IV as applying the same standard to allegations of sex-based harassment. Thus, in the context of this investigation and compliance review of the University, the United States applied the same legal standards under Title Ix and Title IV to conduct its legal analysis and reach its findings.4
And what does footnote 4 say? You have to ask?
4 For consistency in federal administrative compliance reviews, (the Department follows the legal standardsestablished by the Departmentor Education's Office or Civil Rights in the RevisedSexual HarassmentGuidance: Harassment or Students by SchoolEmployees, Other Students, or Third Parties, available at: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ocr/docs/shguide.html(Jan. 19, 2001); and its subsequent interpretive documents: The Dear Colleague Letter on Sexual Violence, available at: http://www2.cd.gov/about/offices/list/ocr/letters/colleague-201104.html (Apr. 4, 2001), and “Questions and Answers on Title IX and Sexual Violence” (Apr. 29, 2014), available at: http://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/Iist/ocr/docs/oa· 20 1404-title-ix. pdf
Yup. That would be the DoE's “guidance” letters usurping authority over every aspect of student relations, given force of law under threat by the DoJ. The cancer has now metastasized, from the mind of Lhamon to the prosecutorial force of the Department of Justice. That didn't take long at all.
As Hans Bader explains at Unyielding Liberty, the command is clear:
On April 22, the Justice Department ordered the University of New Mexico adopt an unconstitutional speech code. It is demanding that the University label as “sexual harassment” all “unwelcome” sexual conduct, including “verbal” conduct (that is, speech). The university must encourage students to report it as such; and investigate it when it is reported. Thus, if a student is offended by a professor's comment in a lecture about how AIDS is transmitted through anal sex, or by another student's sexual joke, it would be deemed “sexual harassment.” So would politely asking a student out on a date, if that offends her. This definition of “sexual harassment” as including any “unwelcome” sexual speech is vastly broader than the definitions struck down as unconstitutionally overbroad by the federal appeals court rulings in DeJohn v. Temple University (2008) and Saxe v. State College Area School District (2001). Those decisions ruled that even unwelcome, “hostile or offensive” speech about sexual issues is generally protected speech unless it “objectively denies a student equal access to a school's education resources.”
The DoJ's demand that UNM act to prevent sexual harassment doesn't appear, on its face, to be such a terrible thing. There is no advocacy group dedicated to the cause of spreading sexual harassment. But the devil, as always, is in the details, that any words between students, if perceived by the recipient of the sound as “unwelcome,” can constitute sexual harassment. Except the First Amendment says otherwise, but what's the Constitution compared to Catherine Lhamon's Utopian vision?
There is a core issue here that has completely escaped review, that the DoE OCR has no jurisdiction under Title IX to micromanage individual actions between students, sexual or otherwise. Its mandate is limited to conduct that is so pervasive and severe that it “denies a student equal access to a school's education resources” based upon their “sex.”
But isn't a single act of sexual assault, whether physical or verbal, sufficiently severe? The point was driven home by Judge Gregory Woods in dismissing the suit by Paul Nungesser against Columbia University over their support of Mattress Girl, Emma Sulkowitz.
“On the basis of sex,” as used in Title IX, refers to one's status, not to whether the underlying conduct was sexual in nature. “[T]he natural meaning of the phrase ‘on the basis of sex' is on the basis of the plaintiff's sex . . . . Even within Title VII of the Civil Rights of 1964 itself, Congress used the phrase ‘on the basis of sex' as shorthand for discrimination ‘on the basis of such individual's sex.'” Thus, “[t]he mere fact that sexual harassment proceedings have as their subject sexual behavior and speech does not itself implicate sex discrimination . . . ” . Harassment, “even harassment between men and women” is not automatically considered to be gender-based discrimination “merely because the words used have sexual content or connotations.” In order to be considered gender-based harassment, the harassing conduct must “support an inference of discrimination on the basis of sex.” . . .
In other words, the basis for the DoJ, not to mention DoE, seized jurisdiction over ordinary student to student interaction is a lie, a conflation of the word “sex” as meaning “gender” in Title IX with sexual (or not, based upon the peculiar delicacy of the “survivor”) conduct. That's it. The entire foundation of this seizure of jurisdiction is a lie perpetrated so gender warriors like Lhamon can rationalize control over students on campus the law never provided.
And now, the DoJ, putting its prosecutorial weight behind Lhamon's illegal excesses, has commanded that schools violate the First Amendment or suffer the consequences. This isn't an implicit command, but a direct order to violate the Constitution handed down by the Department of Justice. Did you see that coming?
How, you might wonder, has the DoE, and now DoJ, gotten away with stealing control that Congress never gave them over the intimate speech and conduct of students in the first place? The answer, unfortunately, is pathetically obvious: the only parties to have standing to challenge the DoE OCR's usurpation of control would be schools subject to Title IX control. And there has yet to be a single school anywhere that has shown any interest in challenging Torquemada. If anything, they've been unduly solicitous, asking only how many more males they should expel before DoE OCR will leave their federal funds alone.
And lest we only dump on obsequious educational institutions, Congress may gripe a bit about the details of how the Star Chambers are managed, but it, too, has failed to act to stop Lhamon's reign of terror. Instead, they're backing a huge increase in appropriations for Lhamon:
Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand, Tim Kaine, Claire McCaskill and Mark Warner have written a letter calling for increased funding for the Department's Office for Civil Rights, which has been investigating schools for alleged violations of the anti-sex discrimination law known as Title IX. The senators are requesting a budget of $137.7 million for OCR. Last year, the office's budget was $107 million, which means the senators are asking for a nearly 30 percent increase in funding for this one department.
After all, it's not cheap to have a bureaucrat in every dorm room, just in case some student whispers unwelcomed “sweet nothings” that another student might someday find offensive.
But there is still fault to go around. Even though colleges have created their own entrenched, and very expensive (such that even Title IX apologists are appalled at the diversion of funds from education to administration), bureaucracy to administer OCR's dictates, where are the academics crying foul over OCR's demand that colleges sacrifice some students on the altar of hurt feelings of other students? For the most part, they've proven themselves too intellectually bankrupt and cowardly to risk being hated as “rape apologists” and “misogynists” by speaking out against OCR's seizure of control.
And now, the DoJ will enforce Lhamon's jihad. But don't say anything, or else.
(Washington D.C. Jan 24, 2013 — AVfM News)Today Human Rights Watch, a New York based non-profit organization whose stated mission is to “protect and defend human rights,” officially released a report outlining what it says are extreme shortcomings in the way the Washington Metropolitan Police Department handles sexual assault cases.[1] [8] [10]
During a press conference that took place at the National Press Club the report's author, Sara Darehshori, accused the MPD of mishandling 170 reports of sexual assault over a three year period and called for outside oversight of the departments sexual assault investigations.[10] Human Rights Watch covers a broad range of human rights issues on the international stage. This is the only known instance that it has turned its attention toward a large U.S. metropolitan police department.
Resistance to the report by the WMPD has been fierce, with Police Chief Cathy Lanier calling on the Department of Justice to do an independent evaluation of the report and the department's handling of sexual assault cases. The DOJ says it considering the request. [3]
Heavy sparing between MPD Chief Cathy Lanier and Darehshori began on May 30th of last year when the Darehshori announced in a letter to the department its intentions to release the report if its findings. In a brief summary of the 195 page report included in the letter Darehshori accused the MPD of failure to investigate sexual assault cases and poor treatment of victims citing “victim blaming” and “intimidating police behavior such as threatening to prosecute if the victim is found to be lying.” A prompt response to the letter was requested.
Lanier shot back with an letter dated June 8th 2012 in which the chief stated:
Thank you for the opportunity to respond to your letter. As previously communicated the Metropolitan Police Department finds it disturbing that a highly respected organization such as Human Rights Watch would ask us for feedback on a report yet not provide the entire report for review. MPD was also perplexed that Human Rights Watch (HRW) asked for feedback on a 16 month investigation within three business days. Most disturbing is that in conversations subsequent to receiving the letter, HRW has showed no interest in working cooperatively with MPD to improve sexual assault investigations.[5]
She continues later in the letter:
The department is concerned that the letter, and presumably the report, use unsupported and uncorroborated allegations as a basis for its conclusions. In many of the cases it appears that the allegation is not being made by the sexual abuse victim but by advocates and/or hospital staff. MPD does not automatically discredit the reports by advocates and hospital staff but in the letter it us unclear of the context in which these allegations were reported to these third parties. If the letter in any way resembles the full investigation, we believe the matter needs further investigation to support and/or substantiate the allegations that you have made.[5]
In the letter sent to Lanier, Darehshori cited three instances as key examples of police complacency. In all three cases the alleged victims had been severely intoxicated and remembered nothing. Furthermore, there was no evidence of penetration of any kind in all three cases. Darehshori contended that since the police dismissed the cases based on the fact that there was nothing to report they had mishandled them and treated the alleged victims poorly.[5]
The MPD set up a web page dedicated to addressing the controversy in response to the criticism of its performance.[5] On this page are copies of correspondence between MPD and Human Rights Watch. Also available on this page is an embargoed copy of the Human Rights Watch report entitled “A Capitol Offence” which the MPD posted on January 20, much to the consternation of Human Rights Watch.[9] Until that date the MPD had no access to the report despite repeated requests for a copy. Lanier has said publicly that she has shared MPD data with Human Rights Watch since the onset of the controversy in order for them to produce a more accurate report, but no indication has been given by the organization as to whether or not they used it. While Lanier said that the data shared were forthcoming, Human Rights Watch has claimed they only got access to it after a lawsuit.[1]
Human Rights Watch is a very well funded organization with a reported income in 2011 of $139,654,922, up from just $42,452,799 in 2010 according to its 990 IRS form dated April 7 of last year, an increase of $97,202,123. The overwhelming proportion of the increase was from contributions and grants which were reported to be $134,174,146 in 2011, up from $39,220,034 in 2010 according to the same document. [source: Guidestar]
Its total current assets are $212,033,446 and the CEO's salary is $800,000 a year, drawing much criticism from many of its individual contributors. They do not publish a breakdown of grants and contributions they receive.
The organizations scope of interests is wide, with topics including everything from genocide to human trafficking and political corruption. Before becoming Senior Council of the U.S. Program, Darehshori was senior counsel in Human Rights Watch's International Justice program where she worked on international justice issues relating to Darfur, Serbia and the International Criminal Court, according to their website.[7]
She now focuses on research and advocacy on issues relating to police handling of sexual assault cases in the United States, including work on the rape kit backlog.
Contrary to the impression Human Rights Watch gives in its report the MPD has an established record of improving it's handling of sexual assault cases during Lanier's time as Chief. In 2008, after a highly publicized case in which an alleged victim was not able to get a rape kit performed due to inconsistencies in evidence collection, the MPD centralized its forensic examination routine at Med Star Washington Medical Center where all those reporting a sexual assault go to have a rape kit performed according to Laniers correspondence with Darehshori.[5]
The department also shored up its Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner (SANE) program. Since last year there has been a 50% increase in reported sexual assaults which the Lanier points out as an indication victims are feeling much more comfortable coming to the police with their stories. Recently a new web based reporting instrument on the MPD website was launched where victims can critique the performance of officers responding to their reports.[4]
The Chief has stated her primary concern in the face of this controversy is that victims will loose hard earned confidence in the MPD and shy away from reporting due to the report.[4]
Lanier herself is an impressive individual. She worked her way up from being a high school dropout and unwed mother at 15, to earning multiple degrees, including a Masters in National Security — as well as moving up from foot patrolman through the ranks to Chief of Police.[6]
Concerns about the methodologies and perhaps motivation of the Human Rights Watch report may be confirmed in the reports first recommendation, which reads as follows.
Pass the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act (VAWA). While the bill never reached the President last year, separate versions of VAWA before both the Senate and House in 2012 funded training for law enforcement agencies on how to improve investigation of sexual assault cases and on how to appropriately treat victims. The bills also provided grants to help appoint victim counselors for the prosecution of sexual assault cases.[9]
This first recommendation has nothing to do with the MPD. It is national level legislation which was in full effect during the entire period covered in the HRW report. Given that, it is impossible to consider VAWA ameliorative of the problems the report purports to highlight.
Also, the timing and venue for this is hard to ignore. Washington D.C. is the focal point of national legislation like VAWA, as well as the controversies that surround it. In recent years progress has been made by organizations such as Stop Abusive and Violent Environments (SAVE) to reform domestic violence legislation, as proven by the current battle in congress to re-authorize the legislation.
It can arguably be stated that Human Rights Watch, undoubtedly a major player in the sexual grievance industry, has chosen the Washington Metropolitan Police Department as a target, not because they have a special or significant problem with the way the handle sexual assault claims, but because Washington D.C. is the focal point of the battle over VAWA, a matter unrelated to the HRW report.
However, if they can give the impression that there is a major problem with the handling of sexual assault cases in Congresses' own back yard, and create the illusion that re-authorization of VAWA would ameliorate that problem, they can influence the outcome over the Congressional battle.
In short, the whole thing stinks of VAWA politics. The Chief, however, is giving them a run for the money.
Sources:
[1] http://www.hrw.org/news/2013/01/24/us-dc-police-mishandle-sexual-assault-cases
[2] http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/in-report-human-rights-watch-accuses-dc-police-of-mishandling-rapes/2013/01/24/9b27f0ce-619c-11e2-a389-ee565c81c565_story.html
[3] http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/human-rights-watch-says-dc-police-fail-to-investigate-many-sex-assaults-chief-lanier-disputes-allegation/2013/01/17/864f3998-60c3-11e2-a389-ee565c81c565_story.html
[4] http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2012-06-14/local/35461866_1_sexual-assault-reports-number-of-sexual-assaults-human-rights-watch
[5]http://mpdc.dc.gov/page/sexual-assault-investigations-information-regarding-review-sexual-assault-investigations-human
[6] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cathy_L._Lanier
[7] http://www.hrw.org/bios/sara-darehshori
[8] http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/dc-police-dispute-watchdog-report-on-handling-of-sexual-assault-cases/2013/01/20/7a4d317a-616f-11e2-a389-ee565c81c565_story_1.html
[9] http://www.hrw.org/embargo/node/112664?signature=fe3b8941e39f264bfe5983c34a49d5df&suid=6
[10] http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/in-report-human-rights-watch-accuses-dc-police-of-mishandling-rapes/2013/01/24/9b27f0ce-619c-11e2-a389-ee565c81c565_story.html
The prospect of seeing Sir Ian McKellen, the pre-eminent male classical actor of his generation, treading the boards again is in itself enough to warrant a box-office stampede. The prospect of seeing him star in Waiting for Godot opposite Patrick Stewart, who is fast catching up with him in the theatrical titan stakes after a long sojourn in LA playing Capt Jean-Luc Picard in Star Trek , is a once-in-a-lifetime excitement.
Literally so, since – aside from briefly appearing in the 1977 premiere of Tom Stoppard's Every Good Boy Deserves Favour – the pair haven't worked together on stage, and neither has appeared in a Beckett play before. On screen, it's a different matter: they've played arch-rivals Professor Charles Xavier (Stewart) and Magneto (McKellen) in the X-Men trilogy. Once you factor in each star's additional global following for Star Trek and The Lord of the Rings respectively, the stage is set for the must-see theatrical event of the spring season.
Instead of heading straight into the West End, though, the Godot company – which includes Ronald Pickup and Simon Callow – has undertaken a regional tour prior to its residency at the Theatre Royal, Haymarket. In a tapas bar in Milton Keynes, an hour before curtain-up, I caught up with these two grand old men of British theatre – Stewart is 68, McKellen turns 70 in May – to talk about tramping around in Godot and how they bonded in a Hollywood trailer.
Dominic Cavendish: To many people this looks like casting to die for. How did this production come about? Did you both want to do it at the same time?
Ian McKellen: It nearly didn't happen because of other obligations, but we were equally keen on the idea.
Patrick Stewart: Instantly. I saw Waiting for Godot when I was 17 in rep with a then unknown actor called Peter O'Toole playing Vladimir. I remember leaving the theatre promising myself that one day I would have a go at this play and then pretty much forgot it for 50 years.
IM: It was the director Sean Mathias's idea to put us together.
DC: Was it clear from the start who would play Vladimir and who is a Estragon?
IM: We agreed to be in the play first and I said, "I don't care which part I play." But the more we read, certain qualities began to emerge. Sean Mathias, who knows me extremely well [McKellen and he were partners for 10 years], and has seen me in my whining moods, knew there was a lot of estragons in me, just under the surface. So he pushed it that way but left it up to us. In the end we agreed by email.
DC: Famously, Waiting for Godot was greeted with much incomprehension at its 1955 English premiere – "No management would ask the ordinary playgoer to face it," the Telegraph's critic declared. Even to this day some are baffled by it. Have you sensed any mystification in the audience?
IM: I found it almost impenetrable on the page. It only comes to life, like any play, on the stage. It can be daunting. On the whole, though, people who go to the theatre are not going for the first time in their lives. They know that, if they're in safe hands, they will be rewarded.
PS: I did a production of [Pinter's] The Caretaker on Broadway – which, until this play, was the most difficult I'd ever done. There you'd feel waves of incomprehension wafting across the auditorium. But I've never felt that in any performances we've done of this so far. Because, moment by moment, it's so human. We're talking about the difficulty of having a pee, or changing our boots, or the puzzle about the two thieves in the Gospels. There's nothing really very difficult about any of that. There are two chaps who know each other very well. They're having a conversation they've had many, many times.
DC: You've only acted together on stage once before – in Every Good Boy Deserves Favour. How have you managed to forge a sense of life-long camaraderie on stage here?
PS: Even though we haven't shared many stage productions, our histories have overlapped. We're both from the North of England, separated by the Pennines, born only 18 months apart. Both of us developed an early passion for classical theatre and pursued it for decades. Both have had good fortune so far as film and television is concerned. And of course, the three X-Men movies brought us together. Those roles were great fun and through playing them we have got to know each other very well.
IM: We used to sit in your trailer, didn't we? Often as not, it was bigger than mine [PS laughs]. We talked about the good old days, about the times at the RSC, as if we worked together. We never did, but we knew so many people in common, the points of reference were huge.
PS: And points of security, too. We were working thousands of miles from home with an exotic cast of international actors on movies that were costing tens of millions of dollars to make. I think we found a little haven in those trailer conversations and late-night dinners. And for me it was especially delightful because I was probably aware of Ian long before he was aware of me, because I had been a fan. It was a way of finding out what he thought of what we did. Mainly, we would laugh a great deal.
IM: We actually met somewhere in America at the time Patrick was considering whether to be in Star Trek. He hadn't made up his mind. And he said: "What would you think?" I said: "It if were me, I don't think I could cope."
PS: I know exactly what you said.
IM: Go for it.
PS: You told me not to do it. You were the only person who advised me not to do it.
IM: Well there you go! How wrong can a fellow be? I would watch his progress from afar and whenever I went over there to do those films, I felt he was much more of that world. I felt comforted by the fact that he knew the form.
DC: Do you share a similar outlook as to what you're here to do as actors?
IM: I think – and I can't help thinking it's true of Patrick too – that I've always longed for the theatre and acting to be popular. No actor wants to play to an empty house. We only do it for an audience. The more the merrier. I don't make any distinction between a popular TV series or blockbuster film and doing Shakespeare. They're different, but as long as the material is good and the intention is honourable, it's all the same to me.
PS: Yes. All I ever wanted to do was be on stage, if possible acting in Shakespeare. And to be as good as I could be. When, in 1966, the RSC finally offered me a part, I grabbed at it.
There was nowhere else I wanted to go. TV was of no interest. Films were just a fantasy. Yet I was convinced
that when we found ourselves
in that world of fantasy and
sci-fi, it was our classical background and our training that equipped us for that
larger-than life-world.
DC: Neither of you can be said to have lived life as tramps, yet one way of understanding actors I suppose is to see them as itinerants.
IM: There are a lot of actors, I'm probably one, who are most at home when they're on stage. I'm sure it's one of the reasons I became an actor. I was a shy gay man at a time when it was illegal to be gay. The world was full of difficulty and the joy of theatre is that you get to the stage where you know what's going to happen next. That's a wonderfully secure situation. Most people would think acting on stage is a brave thing to do – but for us it's safe.
DC Is that the case for you too, Patrick Stewart? You've gone on record recently talking about the shadow your father's domestic violence cast over your childhood. Was theatre an escape?
PS: Yes, at 12 years old in the dangerous world that I was in, with a very difficult home life, I found the stage was the safest place to be. It was predetermined and predictable – and furthermore you got to be someone else. All the problems only began when you left the building. I don't think the two of us have ever quite had this conversation before. I'm surprised because it's obviously resonant for you and it certainly is for me.
IM: Another thing that connects us and the parts is our ages. I warm towards Didi and Gogo [Vladimir and Estragon] because they're my age. These two have been together for half a century. It's a play about two old men, people who look old and are old. It's usually played by younger actors because it's quite tiring. There's lots to do. There's a lot of standing!
PS: And that's quite moving too. I have to listen to Pozzo describe the inevitable blackness. A world with no sight, no hearing, no voice. But it's not quite our world. Even though each one says, "I can't go on", they're still there at the end, upright. Life will go on. And it will be good. There will be something. They will survive, somehow.
If you have friends who haven't yet tried Path of Exile (perhaps they're on the fence and don't want to pay $10 when it's going to be a free game), then please encourage them to play with you this weekend!
Thanks again for your continued support - I look forward to playing with you online :) Once again, we're opening the servers up for the public to help stress-test the game this weekend. Full details are here! If you have friends who haven't yet tried Path of Exile (perhaps they're on the fence and don't want to pay $10 when it's going to be a free game), then please encourage them to play with you this weekend!Thanks again for your continued support - I look forward to playing with you online :) YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help! Posted by Chris
on Grinding Gear Games on Quote this Post
Every stress test weekend brings a bunch of new faces. Can't wait to see how this one goes! Hopefully we can break some records. Posted by pneuma
on Alpha Member on Quote this Post
" Chris " Septile
RIP one week racers.
It helps stress-test them too! It helps stress-test them too!
hahaha
What's the current record btw? hahahaWhat's the current record btw? Build of the week #9 - Breaking your face with style http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_EcQDOUN9Y
IGN: Poltun
Posted by faerwin
on Alpha Member on Quote this Post
Nice, another weekend craziness. :D Sometimes you can take the game out of the garage but you can't take the garage out of the game.
- raics, 06.08.2016
Posted by JohnNamikaze
on Valued Poster Alpha Member on Quote this Post
I DD and install the file and...
patch of exile installer 6.4 mb
installed 10.8 mb
when I click on "client.exe" that shows me
"a write operation was performed on a read only object"
o.o Posted by unknowss
on on Quote this Post
Made my week :D Posted by duolc
on Alpha Member on Quote this Post
The troika of Jimmy Haslam, Joe Banner, and Michael Lombardi seemed doomed from the beginning, and the shit finally hit the fan yesterday with the announcement that the CEO and GM are out. We'll be hearing more and more insidery stuff as the days and weeks go by, but here's one early nugget on how the relationship went south so quickly, and it involves franchise-killer Greg Schiano.
From The MMQB, Peter King reports in typical awkward, value-neutral fashion:
Bill Belichick and Urban Meyer were strong in recommendations for fired Tampa Bay coach Greg Schiano—Belichick called twice—and here's where I hear there was a major rift in the organization. Banner wanted nothing to do with Schiano. Haslam was intrigued with him after the over-the-top recommendation from Belichick. The group flew to Tampa to interview Schiano, and one source said Banner was cold to Schiano, not participating much in the interview. Banner likely thought Schiano would be a disastrous hire, given all the negatives in recent Cleveland history. He was probably right, but the owner was open to it, and when the owner's open to it, the man running football operations should at least consider it.
Schiano, you'll remember, was a late and surprise entry into the endless coaching search, where the Browns saw themselves turned down by basically all their top choices. (The Plain Dealer lists three who took themselves out of the running because they didn't want to work under Banner and/or Lombardi.) The idea that Joe Banner is unemployed because he didn't want to hire Greg Schiano is just so very Browns.
Which makes you wonder why Haslam waited so long to pull the trigger on Banner, especially since the two appear to have clashed multiple times during the coaching hunt. The Plain Dealer says that Banner was high on Seahawks DC Dan Quinn, and wanted to wait until after the Super Bowl to try and bring him aboard; the paper implies that Haslam unilaterally hired Mike Pettine, a move Banner was against.
Lombardi had to go, and the Banner-Haslam relationship seems to have been getting increasingly toxic, so maybe the Browns are in a better place now. Or maybe this is a never-ending mess, and firing a head coach after one year and a GM a month after the season ends means you end up with a seventh-choice coach and a GM who had no hand in his hiring and an owner who's already shown a proclivity for cleaning house when he doesn't get his way.
Advertisement
Free Brandon Weeden!
As I reported a few hours ago, last Sunday, October 19 — yesterday, as it was then — Mothers Against Radical Islam and Sharia (MARIAS) rallied at Speakers' Corner in London. Anne Marie Waters, who is standing for election for UKIP, was one of the featured speakers at the event.
In my post I referred to two videos of the speakers, one taken with a cell phone that had fairly good audio, while the other had better visual quality, but was very difficult to hear.
Thanks to the magic of modern video wizardry, Vlad Tepes was able to combine the two recordings of Ms. Waters, and enhanced the sound so that we can hear most of what she says.
She's a gutsy woman. This is an inspiring clip.
Warning: There is salty language in this video:
FROM: The Shroud
TO: Shroud SF-5
RE: Kuat Drive Yards
These select journal entries were logged by Shroud SF-4 in advance of the mounting situation concerning Kuat Drive Yards. I present them to you now in an effort to educate and inform.
###
21.7 // Kuat City //
Observation of embedded Imperial asset K-33 continues. Recent marriage into the Kuat family further integrates K-33 into the planet's political power structure. Appointment to Kuat Drive Yards oversight panel imminent.
Analysis: K-33 seeks influence over KDY, but not direct power. K-33 will attain the ability to funnel further Imperial assets into KDY for sabotage or seizure. Effect on Shroud interests: negligible.
24.3 // Kuat City //
Imperial asset K-33 now shuttles regularly to KDY, often gone for several days at a time. Relationship with family strained as a result. Spouse has confided deep concerns regarding K-33's ambitions to close relatives.
Analysis: K-33 has raised suspicion and created doubt. No longer viable as a recruitable Shroud asset, but further observation warranted as KDY remains one of the Galactic Republic's most important partners.
24.8 // Kuat Drive Yards //
Relocated to KDY as K-33 has taken up permanent residence in KDY Governor Quarters. K-33 insistent on heading KDY security oversight. Leveraging Kuat family ties with great regularity.
Analysis: Unsure if K-33 still on mission or thirsty for power. Too eager either way. Not a very good agent, but could prove useful as a unwitting collaborator. Will find out soon.
25.1 // Kuat Drive Yards //
Initial contact made under guise of shipyard administrator concerned with lax security. Appealed to K-33's ego. Promises to walk me through all security measures as an act of reassurance.
Analysis: Access to KDY security network should provide ample opportunity for compromise. Liberation of newly manufactured capital ships for our network likely to follow.
25.2 // Kuat Drive Yards //
Transmission between K-33 and Sith Empire successfully intercepted for the first time. Point of contact: Adm. Ranken, Forward Command. K-33 suggests a single defensive station is key to subverting all KDY security protocols.
Analysis: Imperial (covert?) attack on KDY imminent. Imperial asset underestimated. Meeting tomorrow to go over security. Will ramp up plans to liberate craft in advance of Forward Command's arrival.
25.3 // Kuat Defensive Station //
K-33 found me out. Says I was too eager to get on station. Took a Vibroknife to the back. Will encrypt and transmit logs in hopes you receive this. Data on Imperial intentions should still prove useful.
Analysis: Won't be much longer now. Sorry for failing you.
###
I've since splintered and sold the information provided by SF-4 through numerous intermediaries for the SIS to obtain--at a steep price--and piece back together. The Republic is now formulating a plan to counter the Empire's actions, deploying fleets and squadrons of fighters to strategic locales. This should keep both sides sufficiently occupied and less concerned with the affairs of those such as myself and my organization.
But let me be clear: our good fortune is in spite of Shroud SF-4's actions; NOT because of them. If I have sent you out for observation, you are to OBSERVE. Nothing more.
Assuming I have your full understanding, I am sending you to the Kuat Defensive Station where Shroud SF-4 perished. You are to find and dispose of his body and belongings, and then survey all movements on the station. I suspect it won't be long before KDY is awash with Imperial and Republic forces at one another's throats, and it would serve me well to know who comes out on top.
That is all.
S
People who forked over the money for the downloadable multiplayer maps in BioShock 2 noticed something pretty quick, that the download was instant. The file size on the Xbox 360 was a meager 108k, the bare minimum, and 24k on the PC. So, why are players being charged for content that is already on the disc? Let's let a 2K community manager try and dig his way out of this one… poorly:
“The way our engine and game structure works is that people need to have the exact same content for people to play together. One of the challenges with post launch content for MP is that it can split the player base, and we want to avoid that whenever possible. For this content, creating the DLC package the way we did allowed for us to not split the player base – so whether you purchase the new content or not, you can still play with your friends.”
Huh? Well, here is an idea. How about letting everyone have the same content they paid for that is already on the disc? You won't worry about splitting your player base then, now will you? What 2K (and other developers in the past) has done cannot even consider DLC, because it surely is not downloaded content.
Of course, anyone can quickly point out how other games, Modern Warfare for example, handle their new maps that aren't on the disc and weren't made before the game even shipped. You create a separate playlist for those with the maps, and insert them into a regular play too in case all in the room have the maps. It's not hard.
To be clear, you did not spend time “creating the DLC package the way we did” to allow everyone to play together. You designed it purposely to squeeze additional dollars out your consumers while the game was still fresh in their minds. That might seem clever in a boardroom, but not down here where people are being asked to pay for a god damn unlock code.
According to an extensive review published in the Journal of Animal Science, defatted biomass from the biofuel industry may replace some of the corn and soybean currently used for weanling pigs, broiler chicks and laying hens. This is an abstract from the report.
While feeding food-producing animals with microalgae was investigated several decades ago, this research has been reactivated by the recent exploration of microalgae as the third generation of feedstocks for biofuel production. Because the resultant defatted biomass contains high levels of protein and other nutrients, it may replace a portion of corn and soybean meal in animal diets.
Our laboratory has acquired 4 types of full-fat and defatted microalgal biomass from biofuel production research (Cellana, Kailua-Kona, HI) that contain 13.9 to 38.2% crude protein and 1.5 to 9.3% crude fat. This review summarizes the safety and efficacy of supplementing 2 types of the biomass at 7.5 to 15% in the diets of weanling pigs, broiler chicks, and laying hens. Based on their responses of growth performance, egg production and quality, plasma and tissue biochemical indicators, and/or fecal chemical composition, all 3 types of animals were able to tolerate the microalgal biomass incorporation into their diets at 7.5% (on as-fed basis).
Holistic analysis is also provided to explore the global potential of using the defatted microalgal biomass as a new feed ingredient in offsetting the biofuel production cost, reducing the dependence on staple crops such as corn and soybeans, decreasing greenhouse gas production of animal agriculture, and developing health value-added animal products.
Source: Journal of Animal Science 2014 Volume 92
Authors: S.Gatrell, K. Lum, J.Kim and X.G.Lei
A California newspaper is telling voters to write in former President Ronald Reagan instead of voting for Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in the state's GOP presidential primary.
“Today, the principles of the party of Ronald Reagan are as relevant as ever: a stable border, a strong military and economic policy focused on low taxes, less bureaucracy and limited regulation,” The San Diego Union-Tribune said in an editorial this week.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Those are not the principles of Trump, who promises to build a border wall, recommends torture and killing terrorists' families and speculates about reneging on our debts,” it added.
“[Trump] doesn't deserve the party's mandate. If you are voting in the GOP primary Tuesday, write in Ronald Reagan for president. Maybe Trump will get the message.”
The Union-Tribune said Trump should not be president because of his "belligerence, casual cruelty, incoherence on policy."
“Trump is the great excommunicator. He wants Muslims banned from the country; a wall built around our southern border, global deals ripped up and renegotiated; America made ‘great again' through isolationism."
Trump became the presumptive GOP presidential nominee when his remaining opponents dropped out last month. A few weeks later, he secured the number of delegates needed to clinch the nomination.
Trump has frequently compared his supporters to Reagan's “silent majority,” arguing last September he has given those Americans a voice.
“They mentioned a while ago about a silent majority — it's back,” he said at the time. "And it's not silent. Maybe we should call it the noisy, aggressive, wanting to win — wanting-to-win majority."
THE heavens do not lend themselves to poking and prodding. Astronomers therefore have no choice but to rely on whatever data the cosmos deigns to throw at them. And they have learnt a lot this way. Thus you can even (see article) study chemistry in space that would be impossible in a laboratory. Some astronomers, though, are dissatisfied with being passive observers. Real scientists, they think, do experiments.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
It is impossible—not to mention inadvisable—to get close enough to a star or a black hole to manipulate it experimentally. But some think it might be possible to make meaningful analogues of such things, and even of the universe itself, and experiment on those instead.
Ben Murdin of the University of Surrey, for example, has been making white dwarfs. A white dwarf is the stellar equivalent of a shrunken but feisty old-age pensioner. It has run out of fuel and is contracting and cooling as it heads towards oblivion—but taking its time about it. As they shrink white dwarfs pack a mass up to eight times the sun's into a volume the size of Earth. A consequence of stuffing so much matter into so little space is that white dwarfs have powerful magnetic fields. Many aspects of a white dwarf's mechanics, including how long it will last, are thought to depend on its magnetism. But it is hard to measure.
To make estimates, scientists examine the light a white dwarf emits for telltale patterns left by stellar ingredients like hydrogen. They then compare this spectrum with a theory, based on calculations from first principles, of how magnetic fields effect light emitted by hydrogen. The predictions agree with experiments up to the strongest fields mankind can muster—about 1,000 teslas, generated in a thermonuclear detonator. The problem is that the theory puts white dwarfs' magnetic fields at 100,000 tesla or more, well beyond humanity's reach.
Dr Murdin built his own little white dwarf to see if the theory looked good. It consists of a silicon crystal sprinkled with phosphorus atoms. A silicon atom has four electrons in its outer shell. In a crystal, all four are used to bind it to neighbouring atoms. Phosphorus has five outer electrons. Insert a phosphorus atom into the silicon lattice and you are left with an unused electron. Since phosphorus also has one more proton in its nucleus than silicon does, taken together the extra particles resemble a hydrogen atom: a single electron tethered to a single proton.
However, the extra electron is much less tightly held by the extra proton in this pseudo-hydrogen than it would be in real hydrogen. This weaker grasp means that it takes much less magnetism to make a given change in the pseudo-hydrogen's spectrum than it would for real hydrogen. So when Dr Murdin placed the crystal in a 30-tesla magnet at Radboud University in the Netherlands (his lab in Guildford lacks the necessary kit), he was mimicking the conditions in a 100,000-tesla white dwarf. And the spectrum came out looking just the way the theory predicted.
A black hole in a bath…
Creating a star in a laboratory is small beer compared with creating a black hole. This is an object that is so massive and dense that not even light can flee its gravitational field. Looking inside one is therefore, by definition, impossible. All the more reason to try, says Silke Weinfurtner of the International School for Advanced Studies, in Trieste, Italy.
Dr Weinfurtner plans to make her black hole in the bath. The bath in question, properly called a flume, is a water-filled receptacle 3 metres by 1.5 metres and 50cm deep, across which carefully crafted trains of ripples can pass. In the middle of the tank is a plug hole. If the water going down the hole rotates faster than the ripples can propagate, the ripples which stray beyond the aqueous “event horizon” (a black hole's point of no return) will not make it out. They are sucked down the drain.
Then the researchers will check whether the simulacrum affects water waves in a way analogous to that which general relativity predicts for light—itself a wave—approaching an astrophysical black hole. According to Albert Einstein's theory, a region immediately outside the event horizon of a rotating black hole will be dragged round by the rotation. Any wave that enters this region but does not stray past the event horizon should be deflected and come out with more energy than it carried on the way in. To detect this super-radiant scattering, as the effect is called, Dr Weinfurtner will add fluorescent dye to the water and illuminate the surface waves with lasers. The waves, often no bigger than one millimetre, can then be detected using high-definition cameras.
Stefano Liberati, Dr Weinfurtner's colleague in Trieste, reserves the greatest enthusiasm for another aspect of the experiment. It might, if the researchers are lucky enough, offer clues to the nature of space-time. Could the cosmic fabric be made up of discrete chunks, atoms of space if you like, rather than being continuous, as is assumed by relativity? This problem has perplexed physicists for decades. Many suspect black holes hold the answer, because they are sites where continuous relativity meets chunky quantum physics.
Waterborne holes serve as a proxy. Water is, after all, made up of just such discrete chunks: molecules of H₂O. As wavelengths fall—equivalent to rising energy—waves reach a point where the size of molecules may begin to influence how they behave. If Dr Weinfurtner and Dr Liberati observe some strange behaviour around their event horizons, theorists will be thrilled.
…and home-brewed universes
Even benchtop black holes, though, are nothing compared with the ambitions of Igor Smolyaninov of the University of Maryland. For Dr Smolyaninov wants to create entire universes.
The way light travels through the four dimensions of space-time is mathematically akin to how it moves through “metamaterial”. These are substances with features measured in nanometres, or billionths of a metre, which let them bend light in unusual ways. For example they can force light to skirt along the outside of an object, hiding it from view as if behind an invisibility cloak. Space-time, too, bends light, in ways that depend on how mass is distributed within it.
In principle, then, metamaterials ought to be able to mimic how light moves not just through the space-time scientists on Earth are familiar with, but also other possible space-times to which they do not, and never will, have access. Two years ago Dr Smolyaninov suggested an experiment with various metamaterials, corresponding to universes with different properties lashed together into a home-brewed multiverse. In a paper to be published in Optics Express, he and his colleagues report that they have succeeded.
Rather than fine-tune metamaterial to exact specifications, which is finicky and expensive, the researchers used nanoparticles of cobalt, which are relatively easy to get hold of, and suspended them in kerosene. They then applied a magnetic field which, thanks to cobalt's ferromagnetic nature, arranged the particles into thin columns. In space-time terms the length of the columns is time and the two axes perpendicular to the length represent the three spatial dimensions in a real universe.
To build his multiverse, Dr Smolyaninov added slightly less cobalt to the kerosene, about 8% by volume, than was needed to maintain stable nanocolumns. Natural fluctuations in the density of the fluid then lead to the spontaneous erection of transient nanocolumns—equivalent to space-times popping up only to fizzle and re-emerge elsewhere in the multiverse. They could be detected by their effect on polarised light shone through the material.
Whether all this ingenuity unravels any cosmic truth is uncertain. Cliff Burgess, a theorist at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Ontario, has his doubts. But he thinks that such experiments are nevertheless worth pursuing. “Like tap-dancing snakes,” he says, “the point is not that they do it well, it is that they do it at all.”
Saturday marked the opening of the Dayton area's most ambitious brewery project to date.
The Warped Wing Brewing Company, 26 Wyandot St. in downtown Dayton, opened its tasting-room doors to the public for the first time Saturday, and will be open noon to 6 p.m. Sunday, Jan. 19. It will be closed Monday and Tuesday. Its hours going forward will be 4 to 10 p.m. Wednesday through Friday, noon to 10 p.m. Saturday, and noon to 6 p.m. Sunday.
Warped Wing — located between East Third and East Fourth streets between the Oregon Historic District and Fifth Third Field — is a craft-beer production brewery, a larger-scale project than the microbreweries and brewpubs that have opened across the region in the last 18 months.
Its founders include CEO and president Joe Waizmann, who has served as chief organizer of AleFest, Dayton Beer Week and other beer-related events in the Dayton area and the region; brewmaster John Haggerty, who worked as head brewer for New Holland Brewing in Holland, Mich. for 10 years; Nick Bowman, who worked in sales and marketing positions for Anheuser-Busch; and Michael Stover, a certified public accountant.
Warped Wing hosted an invitation “sneak-peek” event Friday night at which it unveiled its first three beers: a Belgian-style cream ale, a rye IPA, and an oatmeal stout.
Later in 2014, when it begins to sell its beer at retail outlets, the brewery will package its beers in four-packs of 16-ounce cans, in part to pay homage to Ermal Fraze, who invented the pop-top can in Dayton. The brewery itself is named for the technology invented by the Wright Brothers that made controlled flight possible.
Warped Wing is one of about a dozen breweries, brewpubs and microbreweries in various stages of development in the Dayton area, including three that have opened in recent months: Hairless Hare Brewery in Vandalia, Eudora Brewing Company in Kettering and Star City Brewing Company in Miamisburg.
For more information, call (937) 222-7003 or check out the Warped Wing Brewing Company Facebook page.
Angelology is a first novel by Danielle Trussoni. It was published by Viking Press in March 2010.
Plot [ edit ]
The story follows a nun in New York who unwittingly reignites an ancient war between Angelologists, a group who study angels, and a race of descendants of angels and humans called the Nephilim. The story blends ancient biblical pericopes, the myth of Orpheus, and the fall of rebel angels.[1]
Characters [ edit ]
Dr. Raphael Valko : A French professor who coordinates an extraction of a body of a fallen angel from a cave in the Rhodope Mountains in 1943. Seraphina Valko is Dr. Valko's wife. The excavation of the fallen angel's body is located in an area that has historical ties to Orpheus and Greek mythology. [2]
: A French professor who coordinates an extraction of a body of a fallen angel from a cave in the Rhodope Mountains in 1943. Seraphina Valko is Dr. Valko's wife. The excavation of the fallen angel's body is located in an area that has historical ties to Orpheus and Greek mythology. Evangeline : Her father gave her to Franciscan nuns to raise. After she has taken vows, she starts to doubt her religion and starts investigating her parents, who were angelologists. [2]
: Her father gave her to Franciscan nuns to raise. After she has taken vows, she starts to doubt her religion and starts investigating her parents, who were angelologists. Percival Grigori : A Nephilim villain. [2]
: A Nephilim villain. Verlaine : An art student, who is smitten with Sister Evangeline, and assists her in finding artifacts related to angels and stands beside her in the fight against the Nephilim.
: An art student, who is smitten with Sister Evangeline, and assists her in finding artifacts related to angels and stands beside her in the fight against the Nephilim. Gabriella Lévi-Franche Valko: An angelogist, whose activities as a teenage girl directed the course of history.
Publishing and film interest [ edit ]
Eric Simonoff, then at Janklow & Nesbit, agented the book. In early 2009, seven different publishing houses vied for the manuscript. It eventually went to Viking Press for an undisclosed amount. According to Publishers Weekly, a reputable industry publication, the final offer was "well into six figures".[3]
Apart from publishing industry interest, two motion picture studios, Columbia Pictures and Universal Pictures, bid against each other for the film rights, with Columbia winning.[4]
Andrea Gianetti and DeVon Franklin (Columbia's executive producers on The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons)[5] are currently overseeing the project.[1] Will Smith and James Lassiter's Overbrook Entertainment will co-produce with director Marc Forster.[6] Marc Forster will be directing the film.[7]
5 Steps to Finding Your Joy As a Working Mom-Life can get hectic when you are trying to balance it all. Taking care of kids while managing families and a job can be overwhelming for mothers! Find your happiness and joy again by embracing these 5 truths.
Today I ran out the door after my typical and very long weekday morning routine feeling a little sad and slightly more overwhelmed than usual. I did everything I needed to do before heading to work, but the last thing I felt on my commute was a sense of accomplishment of any sort. I was already mentally exhausted, and not gonna lie, I felt a little sorry for myself.
Sorry I couldn't stay home and clean the house. Sorry I wasn't going to be home when the kids got there after school. Sorry that I wouldn't be able to volunteer in my 2nd grader's class today. Sorry that I had to give my precious time to an organization that although it values my contributions, is a business and naturally will not stop running because my kids miss me. On my way to work I asked myself several times,”where is my joy?”.
In order to manage everything in my life I have to plan ahead vigorously. From afterschool activities, and school events, housework, exercise, family days, meals, date nights, and more. Basically, because I'm a working mom, every single thing that I am responsible for needs to be coordinated ahead of time in order to make sure our lives run as smoothly as possible. This can be exasperating. Obviously I am not the only mom on the planet that has so much to manage, and like many working moms, I sometimes struggle to find the joy in the daily grind. Spending 80% of my day away from my family was not my ideal plan for my life, but it is the season I'm in right now. With that said, and like many others, I don't have a choice but to keep truckin' along.
Many of us aren't just physically overwhelmed, but can become emotionally drained by the whole thing. Though when put into perspective this is only for a short time, the ‘mom guilt' is real. We simply cannot give everyone 100%, and that is a hard pill to swallow. After my self-imposed ‘pity party' this morning, I gave way to prayer.
Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you; he will never let the righteous be shaken. Psalm 55:22
What can working moms do to live a joyful life?
I've asked myself this question about a zillion times, and I keep coming up with only one conclusion; the only way to find joy as a working mom is to CREATE IT.
5 Steps to Finding Your Joy As a Working Mom
Listen up mamas:
Your Kids Love You No Matter What
They may seem oblivious to how hard you work for them, but they do know that Mom takes care of them and because of that, they have everything they need. 99.9% of my struggle has been the thought that the kids don't see me enough, compared to other families (more on that later). In my case they spend their afterschool time with my husband, so knowing that I can only be physically present for 2-3 hours before bedtime can be hard. But I have to ask myself, are their needs being met by Dad or another caregiver? If so, then they're just fine! Do make sure to spend time to talk to them about their days, and let them in on your day. Crack jokes and have some ‘hang out' time with them. Play a game or take time to help with homework. Every little bit counts, and when looking back they'll care more about the quality of time spent with mom than the quantity.
Focus On the Big Picture
Someday the kids will recognize the sacrifices made to give them a good life by the grace of God. They will also learn that in life they too may have to put other's needs before themselves. You are helping them learn that truth. Whether you work outside the home, at home, or are a hardworking stay at home mom, do it to the best of your ability. Show them that you are grateful for your job and are blessed to have it. My kids know that I would much rather be a Stay-At-Home Mom, but they also know that God has blessed me with a good job that helps to provide for our family. Paul writes to the Corinthians:
So whether you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God. 1 Corinthians 10:31
Remember that throughout your day and let that fill you with joy!
Stop Comparing Yourself To Other Moms
Raise your hand if you have done this before. I don't know any mom that hasn't. We women compare homes, figures, wrinkles or lack thereof, families, just about everything! Don't fall into the comparison trap! So your neighbor next door is a SAHM. She takes homemade pies to the PTA meetings, has dinner on the table by 5:30 sharp every night, and keeps her house immaculate. Those are all great things, and rather than envy, you should be happy for her. Yes–rejoice with her! This is her season of life, and you never know what her circumstances are. Just know that God has you both where you are for a specific reason, so keep that in mind as you're pulling out of your driveway on your way to work, while your neighbor tends to her beautiful garden.
For everything there is a season, a time for every activity under heaven. Ecclesiastes 3:1
Get Organized
This is solid advice for any human, but especially for us working mom types. I said earlier that I plan ahead to manage my family. Yes this can be time consuming and often tiring, but it's imperative to my mental health. See, if I am at the office and my family is in need because I am not there, I can go into a mini panic attack. Ok I am exaggerating, but truth is, I get stressed! If I forgot to set my son's baseball uniform out and he's late for his game, immediately the “working mom guilt” kicks in. This is why I take a few minutes on Sunday afternoons to figure out who needs what in the upcoming week. Do they need to take a treat to school? Did I sign everything in their homework? Does my husband have clean shirts for work? What's for dinner this week? Working on these things ahead of time is well worth the peace of mind later. What does the bible say about planning ahead?
Good planning and hard work lead to prosperity, but hasty shortcuts lead to poverty. Proverbs 21:5
Cut Yourself Some Slack
You are doing everything on this list and you are still feeling harried and agitated. You love your job but feel regret for not being home. Or you hate your job, but see no possibility to be home with your kids. Whatever the circumstance, it's ok to lose it from time to time. Give yourself a break, the Proverbs 31 woman you aim to be is a tough goal to attain. Not impossible, but it isn't going to happen overnight. You aren't perfect, and that is a-ok! Jesus said:
Then Jesus said, “Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest. Matthew 11:28
That's right, you have an ‘out'. You can call out to your heavenly father and He will give you the joy you are seeking, even when you can't see a way. That's what I did this morning (and do quite often actually). I prayed through my frustration, He heard me and comforted me. Did he give me a bunch of cash and send me back home? No. He did better, he reminded me that my role is to count it all as joy:
Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness. And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing. James 1:2-4
Being a mom and wife is the best gift! To me, the ability to work hard whether in the home or out, or both, is also a gift. Hard as it may be to balance it all, I am embracing this season of life I'm in, and trusting in God to carry me through.
Are you a working mom? Can you relate to trying to balance it all? How do you go about finding joy?
Image caption Jayden Parkinson was last seen at Didcot railway station on 3 December
Police say a body found in a disturbed grave is believed to be missing teenager Jayden Parkinson.
A Thames Valley Police statement said the body was found "in a recently disturbed grave" in the cemetery of All Saints Church, Didcot.
Formal identification has yet to take place.
"Officers and forensic scientists will continue to work at the cemetery throughout the night and into the next day," the statement added.
"Jayden's family has been informed and is being supported by specially trained officers."
Murder charge
The 17-year-old disappeared on 3 December having last been seen leaving the town's railway station at about 16:30 GMT.
Jayden's ex-boyfriend Ben Blakeley, 22, of Christchurch Road, Reading, has been charged with her murder and with perverting the course of justice.
Image caption A blue tent and screening was erected by police during the search of the grave
Police said there have been suggestions Jayden may have been pregnant, but they have been unable to confirm this.
A 17-year-old boy, from Didcot, who has been charged with perverting the course of justice, has also appeared in court and is due back on 17 March.
He is accused of assisting in the disposal of Jayden's body and other evidence.
More than 100 officers and detectives are working on the case, backed up by specialists from the National Crime Agency.
As well as the graveyard at All Saints' Church, a semi-detached house in Great Western Drive was also searched in the hunt for Jayden.
The house was just a few hundred yards away from the cemetery,
A cordon was also put up in a park which links Great Western Drive to an alleyway running behind the cemetery.
Forensic officers have been examining both areas.
While doing the rounds for his latest blockbuster Interstellar [read our review here], director Christopher Nolan shared his thoughts on Ben Affleck's casting in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Nolan told The Daily Beast, “I'm only involved in that project in an advisory capacity as an executive producer, so I'm not involved in the day-to-day. When they told me that Ben was interested in doing it, I thought, ‘How thrilling!'”
Nolan went on to comment, “This is the guy who just won Best Picture as a director and as an actor, and I thought it would be a great thing that he'd be willing to do this. I think the guy is incredibly talented and I'm very excited to see what Zack and Ben do together.”
The initial backlash on Affleck's casting has appeared to have died down, possibly helped by his recent strong turn in Gone Girl. With Nolan backing Affleck, it can only strengthen the buzz surrounding this film.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice hits theaters on March 25th, 2016 with Zack Snyder directing a cast that includes returning Man of Steel stars Henry Cavill (Superman), Amy Adams (Lois Lane), Diane Lane (Martha Kent), Laurence Fishburne (Perry White) and Harry Lennix (General Swanwick) alongside Ben Affleck (Argo) as Batman, Gal Gadot (Fast & Furious 6) as Wonder Woman, Jason Momoa (Game of Thrones) as Aquaman, Ray Fisher as Cyborg, Jesse Eisenberg (Now You See Me) as Lex Luthor, Jeremy Irons (The Borgias) as Alfred Pennyworth and Jena Malone (Sucker Punch), Holly Hunter (The Piano), Callan Mulvey (300: Rise of an Empire), Tao Okamoto (The Wolverine) and Scoot McNairy (Argo) in as-yet-unrevealed roles.
Publican restaurants executive chef Cosmo Goss fired
Publican restaurants executive chef Cosmo Goss was fired Monday by the restaurant's parent company One Off Hospitality, amid allegations that Goss “failed to take disciplinary action when a ‘personal' and ‘inappropriate' photo of a female employee was shared among staff without her permission,” several media outlets are reporting today.
In addition, Antonio Molina, the general manager of Publican Anker was also fired.
According to Eater.com: One Off Hospitality Group, said “Goss should have reported this instance of harassment to human resources or fired the employee who shared the photograph. One Off hired a legal firm to investigate the matter before firing Goss and a second employee — Antonio Molina — the general manager of Wicker Park's Publican Anker.”
“The two were fired for helping foster an atmosphere where women felt uncomfortable working at the restaurant, according to One Off,” the story goes on to say.
“It's our responsibility to address instances of inappropriate workplace conduct thoroughly and with zero tolerance,” One Off said, according to DNAinfo.com. The story goes on to say: “Goss said he was shown the photo ‘without warning or invitation,' but acknowledged that the ‘seemingly fleeting moment was wholly unprofessional and unacceptable.' I regret not doing enough to address the issue. When this incident happened, I was in a position to make a difference, and did not rise to the occasion.”
One Off Hospitality restaurant group is also the team behind such tony Chicago eateries as Violet Hour, Avec, Blackbird, the new Publican Tavern O'Hare and Nico Osteria. Partners in One Off include Donnia Madia, Kimberly Galban, Eduard Seitan, Rick Diarmit and Peter Garfield.
An official statement, signed by all the partners and released Monday, stated in part: “Recently, we found out about a situation in one of our restaurants that violated a staff member's privacy and respect. We acted quickly, and after uncovering the specifics, we chose to terminate the employment of the individuals responsible for this inappropriate workplace conduct. We based that decision on an unwavering commitment to protect every person on our team. But this incident isn't the heart of the problem – it's a symptom of something much larger in our society that we need to address, which is that any degree of disrespect or misconduct is unacceptable to us, regardless of your position within the group.”
In another instance of inappropriate workplace behavior in the culinary industry, Associated Press Monday reported that New Orleans celebrity chef John Besh stepped down from management of the restaurant group that bears his name after a newspaper reported that 25 women who are current or former employees of the business said they were victims of sexual harassment by male co-workers and bosses. New Orleans media outlets said Besh's departure from the business he co-owns was announced to employees Monday.
The story further states: “John has decided to step down from all aspects of operations and to provide his full focus on his family,” Shannon White, the woman who is stepping in as CEO, said in an email to staff.
Special forces police officers stand guard at the scene of a bomb blast in Istanbul January 6, 2015. A Turkish police officer died of injuries sustained in an attack by a suicide bomber on a police station in the heart of Istanbul's historic Sultanahmet district on Tuesday, Turkish media reported. A female assailant entered the police station, across the square from the Aya Sofya museum and Blue Mosque, and blew herself up shortly after 5 p.m. (1500 GMT), the city's governor said earlier. REUTERS/Osman Orsal (TURKEY - Tags: CIVIL UNREST)
By Ayla Jean Yackley
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A female suicide bomber blew herself up at a police station in Istanbul's historic Sultanahmet district on Tuesday, killing one officer and wounding another.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility; but the bombing comes less than a week after far-left group DHKP-C said it was behind a grenade attack on police near the prime minister's office in Istanbul.
Turkey also faces possible threat from Islamist militants moving across the border from Syria and Iraq and, despite a truce in a 30-year-old insurrection, from Kurdish rebels.
Police sealed off the street where Tuesday's attack happened, across the square from the Aya Sofya museum and the Blue Mosque and near the Basilica Cistern, which are among the main sites for millions of visitors to Istanbul each year.
"We were shaken by a very loud blast. There were customers and everyone dropped to the floor," Kaan Koc, who works just across from the station, told broadcaster CNN Turk.
"A police officer came out of the station and fired into the air saying 'disperse, there is a suicide bomber, go inside'. Then we heard gun fire but we weren't sure who was shooting."
Windows were shattered and shutters hung unhinged from the yellow, three-storey tourist police station.
The woman entered the police station saying in English that she had lost her purse and then blew herself up, Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin told reporters at the scene. Her nationality and identity were unknown.
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said one of the officers had died. It was not immediately clear whether the bomber had links to any particular group.
ATTACKS ON POLICE
The DHKP-C (Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front) had warned of further strikes after last Thursday's attack, in which a man carrying an automatic weapon was detained near the Ottoman-era Dolmabahce Palace.
The group was also behind a suicide bombing at the U.S. Embassy last year and numerous attacks on police stations. Most were in outlying Istanbul suburbs, apparent vendettas against particular police officers.
It said Thursday's attack was over the killing of 15-year-old boy who died last March after nine months in a coma from a head wound sustained during an anti-government protest. It blamed President Tayyip Erdoğan for the death.
Turkey faces other security threats.
Some of the thousands of foreign fighters who have joined the ranks of Islamic State in Syria and Iraq have entered via Turkey, raising concern that they could return and strike on Turkish soil.
(Additional reporting by Humeyra Pamuk and Osman Orsal in Istanbul, Tulay Karadeniz and Asli Kandemir in Ankara; Writing by Nick Tattersall; Editing by Jonny Hogg and Ralph Boulton)
A satellite image of a green swath of tropical forest does not tell the whole story. About half the world's tropical forests are relatively young. Unless protected, they are unlikely to last more than a human generation before falling to bulldozers and chainsaws. These ephemeral secondary forests may contribute little to tree-biodiversity conservation, according to a new report by scientists at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama.
"Secondary forests in the tropics are normally cut within a few decades and very often in less than 10 years," said Michiel van Breugel, post-doctoral fellow at STRI and lead author of the study published Dec. 11 in PLOS ONE. "From the perspective of conserving tree species, this doesn't work." Even 30-year-old forests have a very low percentage of the reproductive trees essential to long-term species survival.
Perhaps the most extensive of its kind in the tropics, van Breugel's study suggests that forests subjected to regular human disturbance may undergo profound, long-lasting tree biodiversity loss. Whereas fallow forests can have a surprisingly high tree-biodiversity, a large proportion of tree species only occur as seedlings and saplings. They do not reproduce before the forests are cleared again.
"A tree only contributes to the conservation of its species when it arrives at a site, establishes, grows and reproduces," said van Breugel.
The research was conducted on the Smithsonian's 700-hectare Panama Canal Watershed Experiment, a long-term research site designed to quantify ecosystem services provided by different land uses.
Van Breugel and colleagues had two questions in mind: First can secondary forests recover their original diversity through natural succession in the long-term? And to what extent can short-lived secondary forests in dynamic agricultural landscapes contribute to the conservation of a high diversity of tree species? They randomly selected 45 secondary forest plots ranging from two to 32 years of age in which they counted more than 52,000 trees, palms and lianas. To the authors' knowledge, this was the first metacommunity study of its kind ever conducted in the tropics.
In the study plots, researchers found 324 tree and shrub species, about 55 percent of Agua Salud's suite of approximately 600 tree species. They estimated relative reproductive size thresholds and determined that in forests between 18 and 34 years of age, 51 percent (137 of 268 species) reached reproductive size. In forests between two and seven years of age, the figure fell to 36 percent (79 of 220 species). Importantly, these included few large-canopy species, slow-growing shade-tolerant understory species and species that depend on forest-dependent animals for seed dispersal.
If left undisturbed, secondary forests may regain levels of tree diversity similar to those of mature forests--but only when the surrounding landscape includes natural seed sources like protected parkland, patches of old forest and remnant trees as it did in this case. The research underscores the importance of protecting old forests to maintain the tree diversity for which the tropics are famous.
"In the long term, we might see a distinct shift in the functional composition of human-altered landscapes," said van Breugel. "This kind of landscape becomes more and more dominated by a small group of species with specific traits like the ability to survive grazing and fire, high fecundity, good dispersal and the ability to grow to a reproductive age in a short period of time. On the other hand, many shade-tolerant trees are poorly dispersed, grow slowly and depend on forest-bound species for pollination and dispersal. Their conservation will depend on our ability to protect large areas of old-growth forests."
###
This research was supported by the Smithsonian Institution Forest Global Earth Observatory, ForestGEO; the Panama Canal Authority, ACP; the National Environmental Authority of Panama, ANAM; the HSBC Climate Partnership; the Hoch family; Frank Levinson and the Fundación Alberto Motta.
The Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, headquartered in Panama City, Panama, is a unit of the Smithsonian Institution. The Institute furthers the understanding of tropical nature and its importance to human welfare, trains students to conduct research in the tropics and promotes conservation by increasing public awareness of the beauty and importance of tropical ecosystems. Website: http://www. stri. si. edu .
Van Breugel, M., Hall, J.S., Craven, D., Bailon, M., Hernandez, A., Abbene M., van Breugel, P. 2013 Succession of ephemeral secondary forests and their limited role for the conservation of floristic diversity in a human-modified tropical landscape. PLOS ONE.
Long live the public library! It's not dead yet. The internet hasn't rendered physical reference centers obsolete, thanks to millennials.
According to a new analysis of Pew Research Center data on US library attendance, millennials more than other generations appear to have a use for physical libraries. They may not always come for the books, but the country's youngest adults show up. That works out well because librarians have been designing with them in mind.
Pew researchers surveyed a nationally representative population of 1,600 Americans in 2016. It found that millennials—arguably the first generation to grow up online—use public libraries more than other, older adults. More than half—53%—of survey respondents ages 18-35 visited a public library or bookmobile within the previous year. That's not bad for a tech-obsessed bunch deemed lost to the screen.
It's notable too that the results did not include attendance at academic libraries. That means millennials answering affirmatively weren't college students referring to campus institutions, which would naturally skew the outcome.
By comparison, only 45% of disaffected gen-Xers (36-51 years old) and 43% of enthusiastic baby boomers (52-70 years old) visited a public reference center in the 12 months prior to being surveyed.
Behind the numbers
There are a few reasons for the strong millennial attendance record, says librarian Rachel Clarke, an assistant professor at Syracuse University's School of Information Studies in New York. She points out that millennials are old enough to have kids now and parents love public libraries. Pew's research supports this claim—56% of parents with children under 18 years old visited a library in the previous year while only 43% of non-parents did.
Younger adults may also have fewer financial resources and be more likely to live in small or shared spaces they long to escape. Having somewhere to go that is both free and safe is valuable under those circumstances.
Additionally, Clarke believes, the survey results reflect the wisdom and effort of librarians planning for the future. She says that in recent years the profession has obsessed over “emerging adults” and how to best serve their needs. “The results highlight an evolution in public libraries. There's a lot more stuff going on at the library now and librarians are excited about trying new things,” she says.
Library of the future
“Library as place has always been important, historically,” Clarke explains. Still, things have changed in recent years. Many public reference centers have shifted their focus from offering things to browse and borrow to providing services and being a social space.
While classes at the library aren't an entirely new concept, librarians are now doing much more than showing kids how to use a card catalogue. Many public reference centers offer targeted classes for emerging adults in particular, teaching everything from car repair and financial literacy to job hunting and general adulting. “Things that used to be taught in schools,” Clarke notes.
The survey shows librarians' efforts to accommodate millennials' needs are succeeding, she says. Pew agrees, providing this analysis:
[R]elatively high library use by millennials might be related to changes that many public libraries have undergone in the past 20 years. Previous…surveys have documented how extensively people use computers and internet connections at libraries, as well as how interested they are in extra services…[and] meeting spaces for community groups, and technology “petting zoos” that provide opportunities to explore 3-D printers and other tech gadgetry.
The stodgy old library seems to be turning into a party animal. Beer and book nights or afternoon coffee klatches are common, says Clarke.
The library may not seem like the best place for these sorts of functions, given the existence of bars and cafes, but for a key distinction: money. The library is the rare place where there's no pressure to pay for anything (except the occasional fine on an overdue book). “Not everyone can go to a book club meeting at Starbucks and pay $5 for a coffee but public libraries are open to everyone and always will be,” Clarke says with justifiable pride.
Change is the only constant
To the extent that you lament the way libraries are changing, and long for a more perfect past when visitors wandered the stacks in love with books rather than gathering to chat, don't. The libraries of the 20th century for which you may be pining didn't resemble those of the 19th century, and it makes sense for 21st century libraries to evolve too.
In the 1800s, most public-library patrons didn't get to walk through the stacks and take books off the shelf themselves. Most visitors got what they needed from the librarian and books were organized on the inaccessible shelves by characteristics like size, author name, acquisition date, or some combination of these.
Melvil Dewey completely changed library science in the late 1800s, when he was a young student librarian at Amherst College in Massachusetts. In 1876, Dewey published the first version of his system, Dewey Decimal Classification. Rather than just placing books on shelves based on superficial characteristics like size or the date it was acquired, Dewey's system organized books by topics, which were assigned number ranges (for example, religious texts all fall between 200 and 300); this allowed anyone familiar with the system to navigate any library governed by it and find anything.
Eventually, a refined and standardized version of the system was widely adopted and open stacks became the norm. This required librarians to become information scientists classifying books, as well as educators teaching people how to find and use information. No longer was the librarian a person who knew where a text was because they happen to work in a particular library. In fact, Dewey is responsible for turning librarianship into a social science instead of just a job for bookish people. He founded the first American school for professional librarianship at Columbia University in 1889 and developed a curriculum for librarians.
Now, some librarians say it's time for the next phase of evolution. In the 21st century, the buzzword is “design,” not science. Proponents of design thinking for libraries argue that institutions must adopt an approach that considers what people really want. The point isn't to preserve libraries as they were but to evolve with communities. “It's about creating better experiences so people keep finding reasons to come to the library,” Clarke explains.
As for losing whatever legitimacy a scientific orientation may have lent librarians, Clarke isn't concerned. “Dewey was hoping to put the profession on par with doctors or lawyers. But that never happened,” she laughs. “The keys now are creativity and continual reflection, thinking like designers.”
Transforming the space
In Libraries Designed for Users: A 21st Century Guide, Nolan Lushington explains that the new, relatively rock n' roll approach to reference centers actually just extends a century-long trend toward user-friendliness. Ancient libraries had a heavy, serious spirit and were meant to instill a feeling of awe about knowledge. Then came the open stacks that followed Dewey's classification system, then reading rooms, and eventually areas for computers had to be added. At each turn, the library reconceived itself conceptually and physically—each change influenced layout and use and lead to new problems to solve.
Design thinking advocates a creative and thoughtful approach to how a 21st century library looks and feels outside and inside (from signage to parking lots to bathroom location) based on how it will be used, as well as to the substantive programs it offers. Librarians and designers are thinking about the emotions they hope to evoke, the things people will do, and the ultimate goal of the library. Today, libraries are light and fun, aesthetically pleasing and inviting, ergonomic and flexible, environmentally friendly, with spaces ranging from open and intimate, all of which accommodate technology.
Wakely/AIA/ALA Berkeley Public Library West Branch.
Today's library is a location of exchange and illumination, not somber contemplation, and it reflects a community's values. In Berkeley, California that means being green—the Berkeley Public Library's West Branch has won numerous awards for its zero-net-energy construction that's efficient, aesthetic, and sunlit—an illuminated design, literally and figuratively. Gloomy, quiet rooms with tall stacks of shelves packed with books are unfashionable. The hip library is bright and cheery, with open areas where talk is encouraged and groups can exchange freely, sometimes called “learning commons.”
The American Institute of Architecture and the American Library Association (AIA/ALA) honors forward-thinking public libraries across the US with an annual Best in Library Design award, recognizing buildings designed to serve their communities. Among eight libraries to win in 2017 was the new East Boston branch of the Boston Public Library, which has an open plan designed to enable “families to visit together and not be corralled into separate rooms, while clear sightlines maximize staffing efficiency,” according to the AIA/ALA.
AIA/ALA East Boston Branch-Boston Public Library.
The AIA/ALA Best in Library Design also looks abroad. This year the judges recognized the National Library of Latvia in Riga for a new structure that balances past and future, a futuristic design that refers to a traditional local symbol of wisdom, a castle of light. Now, the symbol is physical and the national collection, previously spread out over six buildings and housed in 30 different locations during the last century, is stored in one, single, bright space.
AIA/ALA National Library of Latvia.
Insider knowledge
Clarke shared a professional secret: “It's always been a library tradition to try to hook people in how we can.” Previously, when there wasn't so much to read and see for free online, a great library had to get the latest books, periodicals, and movies; stay on top of what was hot; and act as a community's window to culture at large.
The internet era is no different—people still need free places to go to gather ideas. First patrons come for a fun event, to see new tech gadgetry perhaps, or to spend an hour in an award-winning architectural space. Then they may return to attend a lecture, take classes, borrow books, or hang out. Why doesn't so much matter.
What are your rights when recording police? Copyright by WSPA - All rights reserved Video
GREER, S.C. (WSPA) - The video has garnered almost 30,000 views on YouTube, and sparking debate on social media.
Greer Police questioned and arrested a man - identified as Diante Valentine - recording video outside the city's municipal court and police department.
"I think this could've been handled better on both sides," said Carolina Law Group attorney Monty Desai.
Attorney Monty Desai says even though South Carolina doesn't have a stop and identify law, that doesn't mean people should be resistant. "Are you required? Not necessarily. Can you be detained until your identity if verified? Yes," he said.
As for recording that video, Desai says the first amendment doesn't always protect you.
"If the question is, is it your first amendment right to record police, the answer to that according to a court recently in February of 2016, the answer is no you do not, unless you're challenging a particular conduct of police," said Desai, who added people would be within their right to record a traffic stop they deem unwarranted. "Now you are challenging a particular conduct, you area saying that the officer did not have probable cause or any reason to pull me over. Thus, I'm recording it."
He says in the era of mass shootings and domestic terrorism, recording in any public area can be deemed suspicious.
"I don't think that's unusual or it's crazy to think that with what's been going on around the world."
Greer police released a statement defending the arrest, and say they'll use the incident as a teaching opportunity for their officers.
<span style="color: #ff0000;">ff0000;" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utMO_NnQR7c">CLICK HERE TO WATCH VIDEO IF YOU ARE ON APP
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 1
Annamaria Capozzi per www.gossip.it
Belen Rodriguez a Le Iene grazie a l'inviata Mary Sarnatano ha un faccia a faccia con l'hater, una dei tanti che la insultano incessantemente sul web.
La Sarnatano prima va a trovare la showgirl a casa e le chiede: "Perché sei tra le più attaccate?" . "Non lo so", risponde Belen Rodriguez. La incalza: "Perchè sei fi*a?". "Questo non lo dico io", replica la 32enne. "Alcuni ti attaccano anche sul ruolo di madre...", le fa notare l'inviata di Le Iene. "Si...Penso che non sia sono una reazione a un comportamento sbagliato. E' un modo per sentirsi meglio, non lo so". E sui baci in bocca a Santiago tanto criticati: "Io lo bacio in bocca tutto il giorno e mi va bene così".
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 7
"Ti dicono spesso tro*a", le fa notare Mary Sarnatano. "Devo giustificarmi? Che cosa vuol dire tro*a? Parliamo di essere tro*a con il proprio fidanzato? Sì, sono tro*a", afferma sorridente Belen Rodriguez, che osserva i tanti insulti sul social.
L'inviata di Le Iene le domanda ancora: "Tu un po' di nomi li hai letti, conosci queste persone?". "No, io non ho mai ricevuto un insulto così in faccia tra l'altro", le sottolinea l'argentina. "E se andassimo a prenderli uno a uno, ti direbbero le stesse cose?", le propone Mary. "Bisogna capire il livello di malattia mentale, ma credo di no", risponde. "Allora facciamo questo tentativo...", dice ancora l'inviata. E parte la caccia all'hater.
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 6
La showgirl accetta e in un bar vicino casa ha un faccia a faccia con Mary
Dopo varie ricerche, risale a Mary, che ha inventato per Belen il soprannome di 'Belacchia'. Ha anche creato le pagine social "Associazione contro Belen" e "Belen Rodriguez non mi piace". Mary Sarnatano onganizza un incontro con la donna nel bar vicino casa della showgirl. Chiaramente arriva all'appuntamento con lei...
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 5
La donna che arriva con il marito espone le ragioni dei suoi insulti all'argentina
"Mi devi rimproverare?", dice subito l'hater. "No, rimproverare no, ti volevo solo chiedere per quale motivo mi scrivi: ''Sta schifosa... Tanto non c'è più nulla da stupirsi su 'Belacchia'... L'ha data a cani e porci...'". ribatte Belen. "Tanto non sono l'unica che dice 'ste cose, cara", replica la donna. "Ma questa ti sembra una giustificazione?", le fa notare la 32enne.
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 8
La showgirl replica e alla fine l'hater le chiede scusa: c'è l'abbraccio
Quando le si chiede perché scriva tanti insulti, precisa: "Lei è un personaggio famoso, quindi deve accettare la critica come altro". Poi aggiunge: "Ti posso dire una cosa, ora che sei qua e ti sto conoscendo magari mi stai più simpatica, però in televisione, nelle foto che ti fai mi stai sulle pal*le". "E perché? Ma tu ti rendi conto che questi messaggi rimangono e mio figlio li potrebbe leggere?", sottolinea la Rodriguez. "Beh ma tuo figlio può anche vedere le foto osè...", risponde l'hater. "Ma io sono anche una modella. Non sono mica una tro*a a pagamento!", dice ancora Belen.
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 2
La donna bacia la 32enne e si fa un selfie con lei
"Puoi piacere come non puoi piacere", continua l'hater. "Questo assolutamente", replica Belen. E cerca di spiegare: "Un conto è dire mi piaci o non mi piaci, un conto è dire brutta tro*a schifosa". L'hater fa mea culpa: "Mi dispiace se ti ho offeso, veramente. Non commento più, sto già evitando di commentare". Poi all'inviata di Le Iene precisa: "Lei così vestita mi piace, è nuda che non mi piace". "E' il mio lavoro, giuro che non faccio la prostituta... Mi vuoi abbracciare?", dice Belen. Parte così l'abbraccio conciliatorio.
Poi la promessa: "Io Mary prometto qui davanti a Belen Rodriguez che non insulto più nessuno soprattutto lei perché ci sono andata pesante". Sul finale selfie per tutti.
belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 3 belen e mary sarnataro gli hater 4
Silicon Valley's leading drinking-water provider, which collects millions of dollars from the public to provide clean water, is under investigation for violating state water-pollution laws after repeatedly spilling hydraulic oil into its reservoirs.
Prosecutors from the Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office have notified the Santa Clara Valley Water District that the agency is facing fines of up to $25,000 in connection with the most recent spill, in early January at Coyote Reservoir.
“Due to the serious nature of the violations and the potential impact on the environment, the District Attorney's Office has decided that a civil prosecution is appropriate in this case, with the goals being threefold — punishment, deterrence and compliance,” deputy district attorney Tina Nunes Ober wrote in a March 29 letter to water district CEO Beau Goldie.
The district, a government agency based in San Jose, is the primary water wholesaler for Santa Clara County. It provides drinking water and flood protection to 1.8 million people.
Sensitive time
The looming civil prosecution comes at a particularly sensitive time for the agency, which is preparing a November ballot measure asking voters to renew a $52-per-year parcel tax to continue for another 15 years water-quality programs and flood control work under its Clean, Safe Creeks program.
The water district's legal problems began Jan. 12, with a 20-gallon spill that day at Coyote Reservoir. State Fish and Game Warden Tyson Quintal wrote the district a citation.
Quintal had warned district officials less than two months earlier, after a 5-gallon spill at Lexington Reservoir on Nov. 29, that the agency had a chronic problem and that unless it stopped the pollution, he would turn the case over for prosecution.
Water district officials said the spills have been minimal and the result of mechanical failures in often-aging hydraulic systems that open and close the valves to let water out of dams into streams. No fish died, they said, and tests at water treatment plants didn't show elevated levels of petroleum products in drinking water.
“Every once in a while this does happen,” said Frank Maitski, a deputy operating officer who supervises dams at the district. “These are fairly small spills, and there are billions of gallons in the reservoirs. We've never seen any environmental damage at all.”
Repairing the leaky hydraulic systems, which can cost $5 million or more at each reservoir, will be done methodically over the next decade as the district does seismic upgrades at many of its 10 dams around Santa Clara County, water district officials said.
The hydraulic repair work won't be done sooner, they said, because it would require draining most of the water out of each reservoir — and they don't want to drain them twice.
“People understand the big picture,” said water board Chairwoman Linda LeZotte. “We are going to monitor and keep an eye on this. If there is an easy fix to be done, we'll look at it. But it makes no sense to spend millions of dollars to replace old equipment when we are going to be retrofitting the dams for seismic safety anyway.”
District records show that since 2001, the water district has had eight spills of hydraulic oil — ranging in size from 5 gallons to 35 gallons — at six of the 10 reservoirs it operates: Almaden, Calero, Coyote, Guadalupe, Lexington and Stevens Creek.
Environmentalists say while the spills are small, there have been too many.
“I think they are just making excuses,” said Roger Castillo, executive director of the Salmon and Steelhead Restoration Group, a San Jose nonprofit.
“It's ironic. Their job is to keep our water system clean,” Castillo said. “But they are saying we'll take care of it later. It's an injustice for the agency that keeps asking us for more money.”
Herman Garcia, who runs a nonprofit creek restoration group in Gilroy called CHEER, agreed.
“I have to wonder how our tax dollars and water fees are being spent,” Garcia said. “Why isn't this equipment upgraded or maintained? What is all the money being spent on?”
Raising rates
On Tuesday, the water district board voted to raise water rates by 9 percent.
The agency, which holds $267 million in financial reserves, has raised $293 million in parcel taxes under its original Clean, Safe Creeks program, approved by county voters in 2000. But that money was committed in ballot language to maintaining flood channels, building hiking trails and cleaning pollution from streams — not replacing aging dam equipment.
Yen Dang, supervising deputy district attorney for the office's environmental unit, said prosecutors were contacted by the state Department of Fish and Game about the pollution. The office has not filed a civil case in court, Dang said, adding that while her office is reviewing the matter, it would have no additional comment.
In her letter March 29, however, prosecutor Nunes Ober suggested that the water district “arrive at a mutually satisfactory resolution to the case,” which would be filed in court as a judgment with a complaint.
Water district officials said the product that spilled is “Chevron Clarity,” a mineral oil that partially biodegrades within 28 days. The fluid “is considered a hazardous waste because of its hydrocarbon content,” the district wrote in a maintenance report this year.
The district could have faced criminal prosecution for failing to report the Jan. 12 spill immediately, as state law requires. But prosecutors said in their letter that because it was small — and cleaned up — they would pursue only civil penalties.
Paul Rogers covers resources and environmental issues. Contact him at 408-920-5045.
NASHVILLE — At least since Martin Luther nailed his theses to the church door in 1517, Christians have disagreed on what Jesus calls them to do in the name of faith. There are nearly 34,000 Christian denominations worldwide, a number that doesn't account for American Christians — nearly one in six, according to a Gallup poll last summer — who belong to no denomination at all.
But as lively as Christian debate can be, the special Senate election in Alabama has exposed how closely conservative Christianity is now in lock step with the Republican Party. I grew up in Alabama, and I don't doubt the sincerity of my fellow believers on the other side of the political aisle, but when faithful Christians vote for a man credibly accused of child molesting, something is terribly wrong with Christianity. (With white Christianity, that is: Black Christians overwhelmingly supported the Democratic candidate, Doug Jones.) Eighty percent of white born-again Christians voting in Alabama backed Roy Moore, and there is no skirting the damage they've done to their own moral standing.
The day of the election, the editor-in-chief of Christianity Today, Mark Galli, identified the biggest loser in Alabama: Christian faith itself. From now on, Mr. Galli wrote, “When it comes to either matters of life and death or personal commitments of the human heart, no one will believe a word we say, perhaps for a generation.”
Christianity presents a conundrum for evangelicals considering a monstrous political candidate who is also a Christian. The very foundation of our faith lies in the infinite mercy of a loving God, and it's hard for an ordinary sinner to cast the first stone. Last year I asked an evangelical friend how she could bring herself to support a presidential candidate like Donald Trump, whose behavior is so at odds with her own. “He says he's changed,” she said, “and I believe in God's redemption. If I didn't, how could I get out of bed in the morning?”
When did our industry turn into this charade?
Big agencies indoctrinating us on what is right and what is wrong.
Is that good? Is that bad? I don't know, but do we need it? We should be focusing more on what's right for our clients and their business.
Is that good? Is that bad? I don't know, but do we need it? We should be focusing more on what's right for our clients and their business. Small agencies stealing valuable information from their competitors and shamelessly outranking them with a copycat website.
Suddenly, protecting ourselves against negative SEO is a thing . When you search for “negative SEO” the first result is a YouTube video on how to harm competitors websites. Sick. In addition to that, there are tons of agencies offering negative SEO services. Double sick.
Suddenly, protecting ourselves against negative SEO is . When you search for “negative SEO” the first result is a YouTube video on how to harm competitors websites. Sick. In addition to that, there are tons of agencies offering negative SEO services. Double sick. Writers who have clearly no experience in online marketing sharing their nonsense on popular newspapers for everyone to read.
No need to explain how difficult it might be to deal with a client who's read stuff like “SEO is dead. Long live social media optimisation” on The Guardian and wants to halt all SEO processes. How did we get there? Of course, many freelance journalists will write about anything, but could it be that we are to blame for promoting this “X is dead” bovine excrement?
And right in the middle of all that, a bunch of marketers actually doing their job -Thank [insert deity here] for that…
Yesterday I woke up to Donnie Strompf's response to a series of “X is dead” kind of articles and it got me thinking about our industry –you should definitely read his article, by the way. It looks like we've come to a point in which we're constantly looking for a shortcut that will solve all of our problems and, in the never-ending search for that divine solution, we spend a great deal of time reading blogs and reaching out to influencers on social media.
Is this really the smartest way we could improve our processes?
Pseudo-disclaimer: As an active social media user and avid reader of industry blogs, I won't separate myself from the group that I'm criticizing.
Why don't we take a look at ourselves instead of feeding The Gurus?
I know of agencies who will start selling a new service to their clients (*cough cough* content marketing *cough*) the minute they read about it on Search Engine Land, without even testing their own ability to carry on with such techniques. What is more, they might not even think about their clients' needs before readjusting the sails on their online marketing ships for them. I don't know about you but I think that's pretty insane, immoral and unfair on their clients.
Blindly following “The Gurus” will make you forget about what you're doing here. How can they know what your client needs if they don't even know your client exists? And how can you put your clients' future into their hands? Weren't YOU the one who was supposed to help these businesses grow? Consider that.
It's hard for me to think of myself as a marketer because I have no formal training in marketing but even I know that if you don't spend time working with your client, you won't get anywhere nor will their business. And yet here we are, fostering our relationship with big names that might land us some more clients we will later ignore.
We're in love with the idea of someday becoming influencers
Having a blog is a great way of connecting with your clients, if you don't believe me check out Mack Web Solutions' blog. Yet we're too busy trying to impress our peers blog post after blog post. Why do we do that? What is the point?
A couple of days ago @Jennita started this discussion on Inbound.org asking female marketers why they weren't participating in the community. Most responses included the fact that they didn't have the time to actively engage with other members. There were several comments about sexism in the industry but I believe that it's not about that at all, most of us are just too busy. In my case, being an active member of Inbound.org is not a priority during work hours. I do consume content and share articles with the community but I don't stay around to discuss, possibly because I normally discuss within blog comments or on social media. Could it be that men are fiercer competitors who instinctively have the need to prove that they are experts in what they do? Who knows…
SEO conferences are a great example of how we are moving away from knowledge on our hunt to connect with industry leaders for the sake of networking. That was a big problem for me when I attended BrightonSEO because there was a point in which people were talking so loudly that it was hard to listen to what the speaker was saying.
Back to the roots (or the power of actually doing your job)
It's time to refocus our energy on providing an outstanding service to our clients and spend less time showing off.
Modesto Siotos once told me that “too much focus on clients runs the risk of remaining anonymous” and I agree. Actually, that's exactly my problem. I bet most of you don't know what is it that I do for a living, especially now that I've quit my job at the agency and switched to “freelance mode”. Without a doubt that's my fault for not sharing more with the community but I'm working on it.
Sharing with others and participating with our peers has many benefits but sometimes I feel like we're overdoing it. In the same discussion on Inbound.org, Caroline Phillips mentioned something that it's worth repeating:
“The SEO community is very supportive, but it's also very insular. People tend to invite the same speakers, share the same people's articles, reply to the same tweets and reinforce the same ideas and people.”
In addition to that, we're now dealing with a huge amount of self-promoters who see every social channel/community as a mere promotional tool. This is not a problem associated exclusively to Inbound.org, I feel the same way about SEO subreddits. As a result, instead of building bridges, we're burning them down one share at a time.
I'm not saying we should ditch the networking and go back to the caves. But let's shift our attention to contributing over networking, and we'll achieve so much more. Contributing with our community is a way of giving back and sharing knowledge that could be useful to others. Max Minzer's Hangouts are a living proof of that. There's a time and a place for business networking and personal brand building.
Our job is to grow our clients' businesses but many of us are too focused on getting our name out there to realize that. We need to stop this.
Advertisements
If you're an LDS seminary teacher, it has been a strange couple of days.
On Thursday you woke up to a world in which the “Prophets and Revelation” lesson of the seminary curriculum was fairly predictable.* Somewhat disturbing, sure, but predictable. Disturbing because it contained a few questionable elements:
A section in which students are taught that “as the Chief Cornerstone, Jesus Christ continues to lead and direct His Church through His prophets and apostles. He reveals laws for all of God's children and guides His Church through these ordained servants. God's laws include doctrine, principles, commandments, ordinances, and covenants, as well as Church policies and practices He reveals through His prophets.” It's the “as well as Church policies and practices” phrase that has been the major sticking point as people have complained about the new curriculum over the summer—namely, that it seems to uphold Mormonism's racial ban on African Americans from holding the priesthood and attending the temple as a policy that was personally revealed by Jesus Christ. This statement was followed by an activity in which students were told to sort various examples of eternal laws (which do not change) from Church management and policy (which may change, but only by “the Lord's prophets” as they “counsel together and seek guidance from the Lord”).
A recent statement from President Russell M. Nelson that declares last year's leaked policy barring children of same-sex marriage from baptism to have been a full-on revelation from the Lord, received through President Thomas S. Monson and confirmed spiritually by every member of the Quorum of the Twelve. (See here for a post about Elder Nelson's speech from January of this year.)
A role-playing scenario in which a seminary student was asked to defend prophetic revelation from a pesky leftist uncle at a family meal who says that examples such as blacks receiving the priesthood or polygamy being abandoned demonstrate that the Church has sometimes caved to social pressure when its previous stance has put it too far out of the mainstream. (To be fair, the curriculum did not explicitly tell the students how to tell the uncle off; it instead pointed them toward the original texts of those official declarations and, quite helpfully, invited them to make up their own minds.)
So if you were a seminary teacher, that's where you were on Thursday: trying to figure out whether the lesson was suggesting that the racial priesthood/temple ban was actually God's will, and wondering how to teach sixteen-year-olds to guard against the mealtime encroachments of secular humanism.
Then yesterday, on Friday morning, it all changed. An altered version of the lesson replaced the one from June. The sorting exercise was gone. The mention of blacks and the priesthood was gone. The quote from Russell M. Nelson entrenching the LGBT policy as revelation was gone. And the uncle? History. The lesson was cut from nine pages to about five, and people started buzzing online about what great news this was. I was thrilled to hear about it too.
And then it changed again yesterday afternoon. The next iteration was an eight-page hybrid, but mostly like the first version in that it restored Elder Nelson's long quote, brought back the “Is it an eternal law or is it a policy?” game show, and reinstated the uncle at the dinner table.
The Church curriculum giveth, the Church curriculum taketh away.
But there was still one very good change from the original. What was not there was all seven policy-or-eternal-law choices for the activity. The part about blacks and the priesthood had been deleted entirely:
So even though yesterday afternoon's version brought back some troubling items, especially the quote from Elder Nelson, at least it didn't perpetuate the idea that the racial ban was divinely inspired. That was something.
But wait . . . there's more!
It appears as though last night or this morning, Version 4.0 was quietly posted up on the HTML site. It's identical to yesterday morning's version, the five-page lesson with all the controversial parts removed. So again: no blacks and the priesthood, no Elder Nelson, no weird uncle.
Is this a series of ordinary human errors — posting the wrong version, then trying to correct it? Is it reflective of serious internal discussions about whether the priesthood/temple ban was inspired by God or the byproduct of a very human racism?
And that's where we are as of Saturday evening — with more questions than answers. I can only imagine the conversations that have occurred at Church HQ in the last 36 hours. I would speculate that there were numerous spontaneous exclamations of “Holy fetch!”
For a church that has for so long relied on an entirely obscure, anonymous process of curriculum creation, it must have felt like a PR nightmare to see these changes being played out and analyzed in real time.
Moreover, the changes appeared to be at least partly in response to social pressure and close public scrutiny. Maybe that uncle was right after all. But I hope, at least, that the fourth time was the charm.
Compare all four (well, three, really) versions by downloading them here:
* My thanks to a wonderful source who sent cached copies of all four versions to date and helped me ferret out the confusing timeline—much appreciated.
Uruguay's President José “Pepe” Mujica has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for the second year in a row — for legalizing marijuana.
Mujica argued that legalization, with government regulation, was the only way to end the criminal activities around the drug in Uruguay. The president was nominated by members of his party, the Frente Amplio, a German non-governmental organization and the Drugs Peace Institute, based in the Netherlands. The Institute also praised his decision to embrace democracy after spending 14 years in prison for armed guerrilla activities, as The Huffington Post reports.
Take the luge to Central Park
The New York TImes imagines with illustrations how New York City might handle the winter Olympics if it had the "hubris" to apply for the games, instead of the Summer Olympics that it tried and failed to get.
It would take an Alpine events hill in the middle of Central Park — twice as tall as the Empire State Building and stretching from 59th Street to 101st Street. Or how about a luge that weaves between skyscrapers before finishing in Times Square? New York may have a lot of things, but the Winter Olympics probably won't be one of them.
That's some kind of beach discovery
12-year-old Xavier Lim was hunting for seashells with his father on a beach in South Tasmania, Australia, when they came upon a giant, quivering mass. It measured about five feet across.
It turned out to be a new species of giant jellyfish. Although it's not completely unknown — several had been sighted in the ocean in the past — it had never been named and classified, so it is new to science, according to the Australian Broadcasting Company.
Some of the best food in Tokyo that you will never taste
Walk down Kappabashi Street in Tokyo and you'll be surrounded by mouth-watering displays of sushi and noodle dishes. Unfortunately, you can't eat any of it. The street is the center of the fake food industry in Japan.
More than a dozen shops sell replicas of food, from ingredients to complete chef-created dishes. The imitation foods are used to advertise the different dishes offered by restaurants to foreigners who can't read Japanese. The tradition dates back to World War II, as PRI's The World reports.
Cheesemaking returns to the Democratic Republic of Congo
The former Belgian colony, once known as the Congo, then Zaire and now the Democractic Republic of Congo (DRC), used to make its own cheeses, including camembert and mozzarella. But the craft disappeared during the country's recent civil war.
In 1975, Belgian priests set up cheesemaking factories in the eastern part of the country, as well as in Uganda and Rwanda. In the 1990s, the cheesemakers fled as the area became engulfed in conflict. Now, Andre Ndekezi has returned and is making a local cheese in bathtubs. The BBC went to meet him and describes the production of his Goma cheese, named for the biggest town in eastern DRC.
There's design behind those Sochi signs pointing you to games, and restrooms
The Olympics provide a rare challenge to those who design signs. They have to come up with universal symbols that are beyond any single culture or language. And it helps if the symbols have a bit of flair.
PRI's The World tells the story of the man considered the "grandfather" of Olympic pictograms. He's a German that worked hard on the 1972 Olympics in Munich to erase the images, and any hint of propaganda, left over from Hitler's Olympics in 1936. You'll find his pictograms and a video showing those inspiring the 2016 summer Olympics in Brazil.
What we're seeing on social
Dear Internet, We, as people from Turkey, had a great time with you. But we have to say goodbye. https://t.co/K3V2t0Z7DI — Merlinka (@Meralink) February 6, 2014
Weather around the world
Japan is bracing for as much as two feet of snow this weekend. A foot of snow is forecast for Tokyo. All that snow, and rain in lower and warmer latitudes, is expected to bring flooding, according to AccuWeather, especially in the area of Osaka.
Prepare for take-off
Placer SPCA's 13th Annual Funny Bones Comedy Show and Awards Presentation takes on place April 25, 2014 in Roseville from 5:30pm – 9:30pm.
The evening will include a comedy show by Kellen Erskine, competitor on NBC's “America's Got Talent,” a silent and live auction, full dinner, and Hero Awards presentations honoring human and animal heroes.
Tickets are $75 each if purchased by March 31. Ticket price increases to $100 each on April 1. Those interested in attending are encouraged to act now, as this event sells out quickly. Tickets must be purchased in advance.
Timber Creek Ballroom
Sun City Roseville
7050 Del Webb Blvd.
Roseville, CA 95747
The Placer SPCA is an independent local nonprofit organization. Proceeds from Funny Bones will help the Placer SPCA continue its work in enhancing the lives of companion animals and people through its programs and services.
Event sponsorships are available. For more information, please contact the Fund Development department at (916) 782-7722 or (530) 885-7387 Ext. 102 or visit www.placerspca.org/funnybones2014.
*Placer SPCA
Former advisers boast of securing more than $100m for ‘Bill Clinton Inc' after being questioned about their own conflicts of interest
Donald Trump's campaign has seized on embarrassing revelations of blurred lines between the Clinton Foundation and the family's business interests, as fresh WikiLeaks emails cause their biggest political stir yet.
The new disclosures detail the extent of what was dubbed “Bill Clinton Inc” by advisers who boasted of securing more than $100m for the former president when challenged about their own conflicts of interest.
One email discussing an internal investigation into whether the foundation's charitable status was at risk reveals Chelsea Clinton warning that her father would be “horrified” to hear that comparisons were being made between his activities and “Tony Blair's profit motivations”.
Now the affair threatens to cast a cloud over Hillary Clinton's campaign as demands are made for the full internal audit to be made public rather than just the snapshots provided via WikiLeaks.
Clinton campaign fends off questions about WikiLeaks 'speech excerpts' Read more
“The revelation that the Clinton Foundation undertook an in-depth investigation into whether they were violating IRS charity rules because of the money-making efforts of the Clintons is deeply concerning,” said Trump spokesman Jason Miller on Thursday. “In the matter of transparency, the Clintons must release all the internal documents related to the investigation of the Foundation, including interview notes and other supporting documentation as well as all initial and preliminary reports.”
WikiLeaks has been releasing embarrassing and sometimes revelatory emails from Hillary Clinton and key figures in her party since July, giving an unprecedented insight into the workings of her campaign and foundation and raising hopes on the right that the group may publish something truly damaging before election day.
The Clinton campaign has largely shrugged off the apparent release of emails sent to its chairman John Podesta, pointing out that US intelligence believes the hacking was carried out by Russia in an attempt to manipulate the presidential election. It did not respond to a request for comment on the latest claims.
But the disclosures reveal undeniable concerns even within the family that those around the Clintons were seeking to profit from their political connections in inappropriate ways.
“It makes me very sad,” wrote Chelsea Clinton, who alleged, in one case, that British members of parliament had been called by advisers claiming to speak for her father but instead acting for commercial clients such as Dow Chemical. “[This] without my father's knowledge, and inelegantly and ineffectually at best, and at worse ... now precipitating people in London [to] make comparisons between my father and Tony Blair's profit motivations, which would horrify my father.”
WikiLeaks: Clinton avoided criticism of Wall Street in Goldman Sachs speeches Read more
Nonetheless, attempts to blame Clinton advisers for exploiting their political ties provoked a fierce response from one who claimed the former president “and his family” also benefitted from “personal travel, hospitality and vacations” as a result of their string-pulling.
“How then do we go through an exercise like this [the internal review] and WJC [William Jefferson Clinton] doesn't as he is far more conflicted every single day in what he does? Why not apply the structure you set up for him to this situation?” wrote Doug Band, a former personal aide or “body man” to the former president who went on to set up a highly successful business consultancy called Teneo.
“Oddly, WJC does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by three [Clinton Global Initiative] sponsors, [and] gets many expensive gifts from them, some that are at home,” added Band, in reference to recommendations form the review.
In a report defending his role, Band also points out that he and another close aide personally secured “$50m in for-profit activity” and “$66m in future contracts” for president Clinton, including an estimated $20m in paid speeches.
The report details how clients of Teneo such as Coca-Cola, Dow, UBS and BHP Billiton were encouraged to make donations to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for personal meetings with the former president, sometimes at the family homes in Washington and Chappaqua.
One email also reveals how Podesta was persuaded to meet with BHP while he was a senior adviser to Barack Obama, writing to Band: “For you, I'll try.”
Band acknowledged that both he and Teneo partner Declan Kelly – a former chairman of London public relations giant Financial Dynamics and US economic envoy to Northern Ireland – “appreciate the unorthodox nature of our roles”, but felt it was appropriate to steer clients into making donations to the Clinton Foundation.
“As the memo demonstrates, Teneo worked to encourage clients, where appropriate, to support the Clinton Foundation because of the good work that it does around the world,” said their company in a statement released to the Guardian. “It also clearly shows that Teneo never received any financial benefit or benefit of any kind from doing so.”
Nonetheless the law firm hired by the Foundation to review its relationships warned that some corporate donors “may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gift”, according to one report revealed by WikiLeaks.
“Mr Band called the arrangement ‘unorthodox', the rest of us call it outright corruption,” claimed Trump in a statement on Thursday. “If the Clintons were willing to play this fast and loose with their enterprise when they weren't in the White House, just imagine what they will do if they are given the chance to control the Oval Office.”
For years, Italy was the slowest growing economy in the G7, by some distance. But a revision to the country's first-quarter GDP growth today has pushed it up the rankings. In terms of annualized growth in the first quarter of this year, the bottom spots now belong to the US and UK:
The UK recently revised down its first-quarter growth estimate, as the economy is hit by inflation, slow consumer spending, and uncertainty about Brexit and a suddenly unpredictable general election. The US has also fallen behind in the growth rankings thanks to sluggish consumer spending, while investors worry that president Trump will ever deliver on promised fiscal and tax reforms.
Canada's economy, meanwhile, expanded at a brisk 3.7% pace in the first quarter, and even that disappointed some analysts expecting more. Japan, a perennial G7 bottom-dweller, also jumped in the rankings recently, and will probably rise even higher than buoyant business investment is expected to lead to an upward revision of first-quarter growth next week.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British expat living in Taiwan angered his wife when he made the drunken decision to tattoo the island's name on his forehead in huge Chinese characters.
Paul, 32, admits he would have not gone through with it had he not been drunk.
Doctors in Taiwan said it may take 10 painful sessions and 200,000 TWD (£5,000) to have the tattoo lightened via laser treatment, and it will take much more than that to have it fully removed.
Paul is said to be an avid supporter of Taiwan's sovereignty and independence movement.
But he shocked his Taiwanese wife when he came home with the words "tai wan" inked on his head and a Taiwan independence flag tattooed on his chin.
The Brit, who met his wife during a working-holiday trip in Australia in the mid-2000s, has been living in Taiwan for over a decade and now lives in the south-western city of Kaohsiung.
(Image: AsiaWire)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He even had the same green, alternative Taiwan independence flag - made by the World Taiwanese Congress - tattooed on his right arm a year ago.
By Paul's own admission, the rash decision to ink the name of Taiwan on his forehead came during a night of heavy drinking and after a passionate discussion about Taiwan's independence.
He is said to have picked out the nearest tattoo parlour and then demanded the words and green flag be inked on his face.
Tattoo artist Wei Cheng, who has been accused of taking advantage of his drunk client, argues that he questioned Paul's decision numerous times before proceeding with the session.
"Are you sure you want to tattoo this on your face?" Wei said he asked Paul, who replied: "I love Taiwan. Tattoo it on my face."
(Image: AsiaWire)
Wei said: "I told him he could even be pulled over by the police, but he said he would change his passport photo."
Wei noted that his enthusiastic client even shaved his beard himself before the session and was "very pleased" with the end result, uploading photos of his new tattoo online.
The Brit's wife, however, was not pleased with the "artwork".
(Image: AsiaWire)
"My wife doesn't like it. She's very angry," Paul told local media.
"I'm stupid," he added.
"I love Taiwan. That's why I did this," Paul said, adding: "But I wouldn't have done this had I not been drunk."
When asked what he plans to do about the tattoo, he said: "I don't know."
Over the years, Marvel has earned a reputation for perhaps not being the most director-friendly studio in the industry. Edgar Wright left Ant-Man after eight years on the project, due to differences in vision. Joss Whedon walked away from the Avengers franchise after finding the creative compromises on Age of Ultron too difficult. And Patty Jenkins left Thor: The Dark World for similar reasons — and then went on to direct Wonder Woman. Along the way, filmmakers like Ava DuVernay have been invited to direct Marvel movies, and have declined to jump on board in the first place.
But somewhat quietly, Marvel Studios has been evolving. In recent years, some of the company's most exciting films have stood out precisely because of their directors' oddball sensibilities. The Guardians of the Galaxy films are in many ways James Gunn movies more than they're Marvel movies, and Scott Derrickson's genre instincts turned Doctor Strange into a visually sumptuous phantasmagoria. But no film in the studio's canon has seemingly owed so much to its director as Taika Waititi's Thor: Ragnarok.
Waititi is the New Zealand-based filmmaker and comedian behind movies like Hunt for the Wilderpeople and the vampire mockumentary What We Do in the Shadows. Thor: Ragnarok is his first Hollywood feature, but what he's done with Ragnarok doesn't just boil down to adding new characters or throwing in extra comedy. Instead, it's an enthusiastic, hilarious reboot of the idea of what a Marvel movie can actually be, resulting in an effervescent, delightfully self-aware ride that was the most fun I'd had in a superhero movie in years.
Warning: Mild spoilers for Thor: Ragnarok ahead.
In Age of Ultron, Chris Hemsworth's Thor left the rest of The Avengers to investigate an apocalyptic vision he'd been having. Waititi's film picks up sometime thereafter. It turns out that apocalypse Thor is seeing is Ragnarok, the prophesied end of his homeworld of Asgard. When Thor's father Odin dies, Thor and his brother Loki (Tom Hiddleston, oily and charming as ever) discover that their long-lost sister Hela — a gleefully evil Cate Blanchett — has escaped from a prison she was trapped in eons ago. Her goal: to take her rightful place as the new ruler of Asgard. Thor tries in vain to stop her, but instead ends up trapped on the planet of Sakaar. He'll have to win a gladiatorial contest if he wants to escape, but first, he'll need to defeat the Hulk himself.
It's like ‘Deadpool' without the nihilism
That reads like a lot of plots, capped with the usual end-of-the-world stakes Marvel films have become infamous for. But from the very first scenes, it is clear this isn't a standard-issue Marvel flick. Chris Hemsworth opens up the comedic range of the character from the moment he appears on-screen. He really embraces the idea of Thor as a good-intentioned meathead, always trying to do the right things for the right reasons, but never quite as clever as he so clearly fancies himself. There's always been humor in the Marvel films, and in Thor in particular, but this reimagined version of the character serves up a knowing nod and wink for practically the entire film's running time. Thor: Ragnarok is like Deadpool, only charming and light, rather than R-rated and nihilistic. Yes, these characters can get a little silly at times, Waititi seems to be saying, but that doesn't have to stop us from having a good time.
That sentiment fuels every facet of Ragnarok. Sakaar's design is aggressively retro-futuristic, calling to mind Heavy Metal magazine covers (with the Led Zeppelin music cues to match), and the score from Devo frontman Mark Mothersbaugh drenches everything in lush, prog-rock synthesizers. And while a lot happens in the movie, characters like Jeff Goldblum's Grandmaster — the entity that oversees the Sakaar gaming matches — are given the space to hang out and just be weird. Given how many small details and setups any given expanded universe film has to cram in these days, it's a testament to Waititi's resolve that Thor: Ragnarok is able to spend so much of its running time on small character beats and funny asides. From Korg, a soft-spoken creature made of rocks (played by Waititi himself) to the Odd Couple dynamic that eventually develops between Thor and Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo), the movie constantly feels more like an improv-heavy indie film than the tentpole behemoth it actually is.
That said, it is most certainly still a Marvel movie. There are massive battles, world-ending stakes, and massive computer-generated creatures. They're arguably some of the weakest parts of the movie, but not because Waititi can't deliver on the spectacle. He does so incredibly well, injecting real visual flair into the proceedings as he toys with a budget and sense of scale he's never had access to as a filmmaker. But when the film shifts gears into traditional Marvel mode, it prompts a twinge of regret, because no fight sequence can live up to the eccentricity that runs through the rest of the film.
Cate Blanchett plays Hela as if she's trying to one-up every villain in the universe
Still, even those moments are grounded in the performances of the film's three leads — most notably, Cate Blanchett as Hela. The Oscar-winner brings a tremendous amount of gravitas to any role she takes on, but here she adds a delicious sense of scene-chewing malevolence to the mix. Hela is an incredibly powerful villain, capable of separating Thor from his hammer — but she also takes obvious, compelling delight in being as evil as she can at any given moment. In a different film, her attitude might come off as cheesy posturing. But given Ragnarok's overall tone, it plays as a celebration, as if Hela is intentionally trying to one-up every villain in the universe.
It all comes together to create a film that's simply a joy to watch, with a personality that's wholly its own. That's no small feat, particularly given how saturated we are with superhero movies. And it is also worth noting that the quirks of Thor: Ragnarok may not be for everyone. There are no sacred cows in Waititi's movie, and fans who prefer their superheroes straight-faced and without meta-commentary might chafe at its irreverence. But the willingness to play with genre tropes is one of the most exciting things about Thor: Ragnarok. Marvel felt comfortable letting Waititi bring his sensibilities to bear on the material, even if it might go a step too far for some viewers. That's the kind of creative flexibility that has always seemed difficult for the studio to embrace. But with filmmakers like Waititi, Gunn, and Black Panther director Ryan Coogler all making their marks on the universe, perhaps we're entering a phase where Marvel is embracing its directors' individualistic voices instead of trying to beat them down.
Updated 11/3/17: This review has been reposted to coincide with the film's release.
United States Supreme Court case
Plyler v. Doe, 457 U.S. 202 (1982), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States struck down both a state statute denying funding for education to undocumented immigrant children in the United States and a municipal school district's attempt to charge an annual $1,000 tuition fee for each student to compensate for lost state funding.[1] The Court found that any state restriction imposed on the rights afforded to children based on their immigration status must be examined under an intermediate scrutiny standard to determine whether it furthers a "substantial" government interest.
The application of Plyler v. Doe has been limited to K-12 schooling. Other court cases and legislation such as Toll v. Moreno 441 U.S. 458 (1979) and the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996[2] have allowed some states to pass statutes that deny illegal alien students eligibility for in-state tuition, scholarships, or enrollment at public colleges and universities.[3][4][5]
Summary [ edit ]
Revisions to education laws in Texas in 1975 withheld state funds for educating children who had not been legally admitted to the United States and authorized local school districts to deny enrollment to such students. A 5-to-4 majority of the Supreme Court found that this policy was in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment, as illegal alien children are people "in any ordinary sense of the term," and therefore had protection from discrimination unless a substantial state interest could be shown to justify it.
The court majority found that the Texas law was "directed against children, and impose[d] its discriminatory burden on the basis of a legal characteristic over which children can have little control"—namely, the fact of their having been brought illegally into the United States by their parents. The majority also observed that denying the children in question a proper education would likely contribute to "the creation and perpetuation of a subclass of illiterates within our boundaries, surely adding to the problems and costs of unemployment, welfare, and crime." The majority refused to accept that any substantial state interest would be served by discrimination on this basis, and it struck down the Texas law.
Texas officials had argued that illegal aliens were not "within the jurisdiction" of the state and thus could not claim protections under the Fourteenth Amendment. The court majority rejected this claim, finding instead that "no plausible distinction with respect to Fourteenth Amendment 'jurisdiction' can be drawn between resident immigrants whose entry into the United States was lawful, and resident immigrants whose entry was unlawful." The dissenting opinion also rejected this claim, agreeing with the Court that "the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment applies to immigrants who, after their illegal entry into this country, are indeed physically 'within the jurisdiction' of a state." The dissent simply concluded that the distinction the statute drew should survive an equal protection attack.
Dissent [ edit ]
The dissent agreed in principle that it was unwise for illegal alien children to be denied a public education, but the four dissenting justices argued that the Texas law was not so objectionable as to be unconstitutional; that this issue ought to be dealt with through the legislative process; that "[t]he Constitution does not provide a cure for every social ill, nor does it vest judges with a mandate to try to remedy every social problem"; and that the majority was overstepping its bounds by seeking "to do Congress' job for it, compensating for congressional inaction".
This case was decided together with Texas v. Certain Named and Unnamed Alien Children.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
UPDATE: Thank you! We reached our goal and our first three books are funded. Now we're working on our stretch goal: if we can hit the $9,000 mark, we can complete a fourth book in our series. You can help us by sharing our campaign! (Read more about our stretch goal in the 'updates' tab.)
It's often the teen or preteen years when girls get their first exposure to STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) and begin to see the exciting possibilities. We think that's too late, especially considering the research that tells us young girls may already begin doubting their own intelligence by the age of six!
By supporting our campaign, you're going to help us change that. STEM Girls Books are picture books designed to plant the seeds of possibilities EARLY – starting with the preschool years – long before stereotypes and self doubt begin to set in. As little girls dream of being a dancer, princess, teacher or doctor, we also want to open their minds to additional possibilities like engineer, scientist or computer programmer.
STEM Girls Books are inspired by real women in STEM who are sharing their stories and helping us learn about traits that children possess that may indicate early interest and aptitude in STEM. We then use this knowledge to develop the spunky characters in our stories – curious girls who set out to find answers or solve problems.
Each book explores a specific STEM field. At the end of every story, young readers will meet a role model - a real woman in STEM working in that field who shares encouragement, advice and insight into her exciting career.
We already have three finalized stories going through illustration and are turning to the awesome Kickstarter community to help us complete these books and get them into the hands of little girls everywhere. With your support, the first three books in our series will be ready by the end of summer!
The video below - set to our catchy theme song - describes everything we strive to accomplish in our books.
Who are we? We're a team that knows how to get things done! Within ten days of the original idea for STEM Girls Books, the website was launched, the first ten interviews were conducted, and the first four stories were written. Within seven months of that first idea, three books will be published.
Author and founder: Kristi Grigsby is an award-winning marketer and writer with 20+ years of experience in the corporate world. The STEM Girls Books series will be her first children's books published (with a dozen more stories written and waiting for their turn).
Illustrators:
Sara Lynn Kuba, illustrating Sophie and the Airplane - a book on aerospace
Brian Maikisch, illustrating Zelda the Curious - a book on engineering
Kayla Irizarry, illustrating Chelsea Discovers Chemistry - a book on...you guessed it...chemistry
Sara and Kayla are currently illustration students. Brian is currently using his artistic talents in the corporate world. ALL have dreamed of this moment and are hungry to make their mark in the world of children's books. Support our campaign and you'll also be supporting the start of what is sure to be amazing futures.
Creative intern: Dayna Grigsby is lending her creative talents to the completion and promotion of this campaign, including photography, videography and social media. She started her first Etsy store long before adulthood and dreams of her future tech startup. We're thankful for the impact she is making on STEM Girls Books before she heads off to college.
We've got a good start but we need your help. Your support is helping us to get our first THREE books published by the end of summer, 2017!
8x10 paperback and digital formats
paperback and digital formats 32 beautifully illustrated pages in full color; bonus pages with STEM overview, career possibilities, and interview with a role model.
in full color; bonus pages with STEM overview, career possibilities, and interview with a role model. Inspirational role models featured at the end of every story - a real woman in STEM who shares her story, encouragement and insight into her exciting career.
- a real woman in STEM who shares her story, encouragement and insight into her exciting career. Books will be self-published on Amazon - we feel this is the quickest, most cost effective way to get the STEM Girls Books into the hands of little girls everywhere. The print-on-demand model eliminates the cost of carrying inventory and upfront printing costs. We will continue exploring additional distribution networks, along with the possibility of introducing a hardcover option.
- we feel this is the quickest, most cost effective way to get the STEM Girls Books into the hands of little girls everywhere. The print-on-demand model eliminates the cost of carrying inventory and upfront printing costs. We will continue exploring additional distribution networks, along with the possibility of introducing a hardcover option. First three books available by end of summer - with successful funding of this campaign, our first three books (summarized below) are on schedule to be completed, published and available for purchase on Amazon by the end of summer 2017.
Here's a peek at the first three books currently in illustration:
Aerospace - Sophie's a dreamer who loves airplanes and doesn't take no for an answer. Readers will adore her spunk and share in her world of wonder and excitement in Sophie and the Airplane .
- Sophie's a dreamer who loves airplanes and doesn't take no for an answer. Readers will adore her spunk and share in her world of wonder and excitement in . Engineering - Zelda is always curious, questioning and exploring. In Zelda the Curious , this precocious, lovable character will have readers eager to know what Zelda will think of next.
- Zelda is always curious, questioning and exploring. In , this precocious, lovable character will have readers eager to know what Zelda will think of next. Chemistry - Chelsea goes on a problem-solving adventure in Chelsea Discovers Chemistry. Along the way she teaches girls that, from baking to playing with makeup, it's all about chemistry.
Remember, folks, this campaign is all or nothing! We believe in the power of our stories to influence the next generation of STEM dreamers and hope you will join us on this journey. Quite simply – we can't do it without you!
Our campaign is not about a single book. Our supporters are going to enable us to get THREE BOOKS published – the first three books in our series.
We have covered a lot of the upfront costs to produce these books and are seeking backers on Kickstarter to help us with the remaining $3,500 budget, which includes:
Remaining illustration fees
ISBNs and barcodes for the three books
Copyright registrations
Website and promotion expenses (we are able to keep these costs to a minimum since our founder/author has a marketing background)
Costs of fulfilling shipped rewards to backers
Kickstarter and payment processing fees
When we EXCEED our goal
When we exceed our goal (Yay! Positive vibes here!), there is no limit to the number of books we can publish in this series. With additional funding for illustrations and fees, we have more fun stories ready to go on topics including technology, biology, space adventures, and civil engineering, just to name a few. So please keep sharing our campaign.
With the help of our awesome backers on Kickstarter, there is unlimited potential to ignite interest in STEM among the next generation of girls!
As we developed this business model, we thought it was important to create additional value along the way. In addition to the rewards we've established for our generous supporters...
An added bonus on our website is the ever-growing stories shared by women in STEM. We publish these interviews on our site so that parents, educators and advisors can learn from these stories too. This FREE CONTENT will expand your knowledge and stimulate discussions with the children in your life.
While we're focused on our initial goals, we also have an exciting longer term vision. ‘Dream big' is not just part of our slogan, it's what we do every day. This vision includes opportunities to give back, expand distribution networks through smart partnerships, and much more. We're sure our Kickstarter backers have many more ideas and we are thrilled to take this journey with you!
Thank you from the STEM Girls Books team!
CIA agent who publicly opposed waterboarding charged with leaking classified secrets to journalists
A high profile CIA agent made famous by his public opposition to waterboarding has been indicted by a grand jury for leaking government secrets to reporters.
John C. Kiriakou is accused of telling journalists the name of another operative and his role in the capture of al-Qaida financier Abu Zybaydah shortly after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
The indictment of Kiriakou, returned by a federal grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, is part of an aggressive Justice Department crackdown on leakers and is one of a half-dozen such cases opened during the Obama administration.
Prison time: CIA operative John C. Kiriakou, left, faces up to 45 years in prison. His indictment was part of a crackdown on people who leak government secrets
The five-count indictment charges Kiriakou, 47, who was arrested in January, with divulging to journalists - including a New York Times reporter - the role of an associate who participated in the capture of suspected al-Qaida financier Abu Zubaydah in the months after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. The officer's participation in that mission was classified.
The indictment also accuses Kiriakou of separately disclosing a covert officer's name to an unidentified journalist. The government began investigating after information about that officer appeared in a sealed legal brief submitted by lawyers representing a detainee at Guantanamo Bay. Authorities say the journalist passed on the officer's name to a defense team investigator. The defense lawyers are not alleged to have done anything illegal .
Kiriakou, who is free on bond, is scheduled to be arraigned April 13 in US District Court in Alexandria.
Authorities say Kiriakou denied to FBI agents that he had leaked the information and answered 'Heavens, no' when asked if he had provided Zubaydah's name to a reporter. They say he lied about his actions in an effort to convince the CIA to let him publish a book, 'The Reluctant Spy: My Secret Life in the CIA's War on Terror.'
The indictment includes one charge of making false statements, which carries a maximum five-year prison sentence, and four counts of violating either the Intelligence Identities Protection Act or the Espionage Act - each punishable by up to 10 years.
Captured: Al-Qaida financier Abu Zubaydah was waterboarded 86 times after his capture
Kiriakou received public attention for his statements on waterboarding, which he called an 'unnecessary' form of interrogation during a 2007 interview with ABC. Kiriakou said the technique had been used effectively to break down Zubaydah, who was waterboarded 83 times, and had been justified in the months after September 11. But he also appeared to express misgivings about whether the harsh interrogation method was still appropriate.
'(W)e were really trying to do anything that we could to stop another major attack from happening,' Kiriakou said.
'I don't think we're in that mindset right now. ... And, as a result, waterboarding, at least right now, is unnecessary.'
He has since acknowledged that much of what he said turned out to be wrong. An FBI interrogator, for instance, has testified to the Senate that Zubaydah's waterboarding did not yield important intelligence, contrary to claims by the CIA and the Bush administration. And he has acknowledged that he was not present for the interrogations and instead relied on what he'd heard and read.
Robert Trout, one of Kiriakou's lawyers, declined to comment Thursday. But another of his lawyers, Plato Cacheris, said in January that the charges criminalized routine conduct between journalists and their government sources.
The Government Accountability Project, a whistleblower protection organization, blasted the indictment -- the sixth criminal leak case opened under the Obama administration
Jesselyn Radack, the organization's national security and human rights director, said the Justice Department was punishing a whistleblower under a law intended to prosecute spies and that Kiriakou was being targeted partly because of his public statements questioning the use of waterboarding.
I went with an old friend to Hvar Island, Croatia for a three-week stay. Times have changed since we were prowling clubs in Washington DC, many of which have closed. Back then a phone number had a reasonable chance of leading to a date and not every club was built around table service. Flaking and cockblocking weren't yet nationwide epidemics. The decline for my hometown seemed to accelerate when Obama won, sending in a wave of pasty Midwesterners who thought they would change the world with their hope. The only thing that changed was how much fatter the DC population became.
There aren't a lot of nightlife options in Hvar. Before 2am you have about four or five bars where you can actually approach women and then after 2am you only have two clubs. The most popular bar and club combo is Carpe Diem. Most people start at Carpe Diem Bar around midnight or so to warm up for Carpe Diem Club, which is a ten minute taxi boat away. I quickly found out that if you don't have any prospects before going to the club at 2am, you're in for a tough night. There are simply too many aggressive guys at the club trying to make something happen.
The only issue at the bar was the seating. There is a ring of elevated benches around the patio that girls like to sit at, making them elevated and tall, like they are relaxing on a throne. I tried a couple approaches but the girls had too much positional power. The queens didn't put one scrap of energy into the conversation.
On our fifth night in Hvar, we went to the bar early so we could get a seat on the elevated bench. We picked a prime spot with a view of both the crowd and the Mediterranean Sea, soaking in the air and reminiscing on old times. Now married with a kid, my friend spent more time remembering those old times than continuing them, while I never stopped living that life.
I was starting to feel a bit of pressure because in Hvar I had yet to bang a girl, even though I didn't care much for the mostly Anglo women on display. It took a while for my mind to get used to the idea of capturing an Anglo flag instead of a new Eastern European one.
It didn't take long for three British girls to stand in front of us. They asked us if the seats around us were taken. Two of the girls gravitated to my friend, eventually sitting on his right side, while the third, a tanned brunette, sat to my left.
“This is a good seat,” I said, “you can see everything from here.”
“Have you been on the island long?” she asked, defaulting to a standard hostel conversation.
“This is our fifth night here. We have two more weeks left.”
“Only in Hvar?”
“Yes. When planning the trip we wanted to pick one place where we could relax without having to hop around. I know a lot of people want to see as many Croatian islands as possible, but for us it's just about hanging out. We haven't seen each other in 18 months.”
“Why haven't you seen your friend in 18 months?”
“I've been living in Europe during that time while he's still back in the States. I convinced him to come and visit me. You're from England right?”
“Yes, London.”
“You guys can take a 30 euro flight on Easy Jet to come here, but for us it's at least a $1,000 round trip, sometimes more. A lot of Americans stick to the Caribbean or Latin America when it comes time to take a vacation. How long are you in Hvar for?”
“Five days and then I go back.”
“Go back to work?”
“I'm kind of in between jobs right now.” She put her head down slightly. “What do you do?”
For a split second I paused, debating if I should give her the playful answer or real answer. “I'm a writer.”
“Oh cool. What kind?”
“I do mostly travel writing right now. I stay in a country for a few months and put out a small guide, mostly on the nightlife and other things.”
“What is the name of your guides?”
“You don't want to know. They're very offensive and crude. I don't let me sister read it.”
“Umm, okay. But you make money from it?” Almost every girl asks that. They find it hard to believe that you can make a living from writing.
“No. My parents send me $10,000 every month to fund my lifestyle.”
She gave me a confused look, not sure whether to take me seriously or not.
“I'm just kidding,” I added. “My job pays the bills.”
During the conversation I caught glimpses of her petite body. She was wearing sandals, a summer skirt that went to the middle of her thighs, and a blue tanktop. She had not much in the way of a chest so I was curious about her ass and if it was big enough for my needs. Her father is Israeli and there was a hint of it in her face, with a strong chin, large almond eyes and long eyelashes. Her black hair was slightly curly and pulled back with a fastener. She told me she was 24 but looked maybe a year older.
“Do you have any stereotypes about America?” I asked. She paused. Knowing what she was thinking, I added, “And it's okay if they're negative. I'm not a sensitive American.”
“Well, Americans are loud. I see them on the tube and they are always the loudest ones.”
“What do they talk about?”
“Just random stuff. They seem to get excited about the smallest things. The girls also have a weird way of talking, almost nasal like.” She imitated the speech, which I quickly identified as the Valley Girl accent.
“Yeah that gets annoying even for me. I don't say ‘like' or ‘really' to foreign people because it makes it harder for them to understand what I'm saying. I like to think I speak the Queen's English, all proper and grammatically correct.” She laughed and I took that as a cue to move two inches closer to her. I looked over to my friend, who was doing fine holding court with her two friends.
“Also, the American humor is a little obvious,” she said. “It's not sarcastic like the British. Your humor is more dry actually, it's not typical of Americans.”
“I get that a lot. In America we like to announce jokes by implying, ‘Okay here comes a joke so get ready to laugh!' I think that takes a lot of fun out of it. Sometimes it's okay to make a joke that the other person doesn't get.” My drink was empty but I was still holding onto the glass.
“How about the American accent?” I asked.
“It feels slower.”
“Yes because we enunciate our vowels. We like vowels. British people hate vowels I think.” She wanted to interject but I continued: “This is why when British people sing, they sound American, because when you sing, you stress the vowels. If singing is beautiful, and British people sound American when they sing, that means that the American accent is beautiful.” She squinted her eyes and smiled, like I just pulled a trick on her.
“What do you think of British people?” she asked.
“I don't like British guys. You say Americans are loud but they are worse. They also get semi-violent when they drink. I haven't had much experience with the girls. They seem American at first glance.”
“We're definitely more reserved than American girls. Right away they start telling you everything about themselves even if you didn't ask.”
“It's only with an American where you can know about their sex lives within only a couple minutes of meeting them. We're also self-absorbed. We love talking about ourselves. If you're in a group of American people, no one will listen. It becomes a competition to talk. It's sad, really, like they didn't get enough attention as a kid or something.”
I looked at my friend and asked him how he was doing. He didn't seem interested in the girls so I knew he was keeping them entertained for me. The bar was filling up with guys, mostly from Norway and Sweden, and it seemed like the British girls wanted to go somewhere else to sample the island's nightlife. I felt I had built enough rapport with my girl, Tanya, to let her know I had some interest in her. If she didn't recoil, it would be a good prospect to pursue for the rest of the night.
“So did you meet the man of your dreams on the island yet?” I asked.
She gave a long pause, debating how she should answer.
“I met a guy last night.”
CONTINUED: PART 2
A seal was seen coming to the aid of a drowning dog and pushing it to the safety of a river bank.
Chris Hinds, a court warrants officer, was out walking his own dogs when he saw the alsatian-cross injured and whimpering at the water's edge. As he approached, it panicked and plunged into the River Tees only to be swept away by the fast-flowing tide on Tuesday evening. Mr Hinds, 43, sent his son Raymond, 18, to call the fire brigade and RSPCA from his mobile phone in his car parked nearby.
He stayed on the bank beneath Newport Bridge, Middlesbrough, to follow the path of the dog. As the dog yelped 30ft out and he shouted, a seal popped up and began to circle the stricken animal. Then to Mr Hind's amazement it swam up behind the dog and used its nose to push it by the backside on to mudflats.
"I just couldn't believe what was happening in front of my eyes, it was a truly amazing experience I will never forget," said Mr Hinds, of Middlesbrough, who had been out walking his own two dogs. I thought the dog would die because there was nothing I could do to get to it. When the seal suddenly appeared from nowhere I wondered what it would do. It took a matter of seconds to save the dog. I don't know why the seal did what it did. I can't explain it."
The rescued dog, thought to be aged between five and eight, had a gashed head and an injured rear leg. It had no collar and police are now trying to trace the owner. Sub-officer Mark Baxter of Stockton fire station said: "It is one of the strangest things I have ever heard. By the time we arrived the dog was on dry land and there were three common seals bobbing in the water keeping an eye on him."
In mammals, said Dr. Jayaraman, the brain cells involved in angular path integration are not all in one place. He expected the same to be true of the fly. So the discovery of all the cells in the fly in one place and arranged in a circular compass was a surprise and a delight.
The researchers published their findings in Nature last month.
Dr. Jayaraman had narrowed down the likely location of directional tracking based on other research. So he expected to find activity in the ellipsoid body, a very small region of a very small brain. Dr. Jayaraman and Dr. Seelig, at the Janelia Research Campus of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Virginia, engineered neurons there to light up when they were active, and they recorded the activity with a microscopic technique called two-photon calcium imaging that gives a real-time visual picture of the brain in action in a living animal.
In the experiment, a fly glued to a tether walked on a tiny free-rolling ball that was supported by air flow. As the fly walked, as if it were changing directions in response to a visual display, the microscope picked up the activity of neurons engineered to emit light. Just as with a person wearing a headset and walking through a virtual landscape, the fly's brain registered movement, using what the fly could see and the sense of its legs in motion.
The neurons that so surprised the researchers were arranged in a circle, and as the fly moved, they showed changes in direction by lighting up in a clockwise or counterclockwise direction. They kept track of the fly's direction with visual cues, but also in the dark, based only on the movement of its body. Most impressively, Dr. Jayaraman said, when the fly stopped, it would start up again with the compass neurons showing the same direction.
The fly, he said, is “able to maintain a memory of its position.” He added, with traditional scientific understatement, “I would say it's a form of cognition that is quite nontrivial.”
Outrage in Canada as moment police officer fatally shot knifeman nine times in 13 seconds is caught on video
A Toronto police officer fired nine shots in 13 seconds at a young man wielding a knife in an empty streetcar killing him on the spot, police said Monday.
Hundreds in Canada's largest city protested the shooting that was caught on video and posted on YouTube.
Some protesters called it unnecessary police force, and a former Toronto police detective who saw the video said it appeared that ‘excessive' force had been used.
Scroll down for video (Warning: explicit content)
Suspension: A Toronto police officer has been suspended with pay after he shot dead a young man wielding a knife in an empty streetcar, police said Monday Shot dead: The video shows 18-year-old Sammy Yatim holding a knife inside the streetcar early Saturday, with police outside. Yatim goads police while officers yell, ‘Drop your knife!'
High-tension moment: Two police officers draw their guns on Yatim
Investigators were looking into the circumstances surrounding the shooting, the city's police chief said.
The video shows 18-year-old Sammy Yatim holding a knife inside the streetcar early Saturday, with police outside. Yatim goads police while officers yell, ‘Drop your knife!'
Shortly after, three shots are fired. After a pause, six more shots are fired. A Taser is later used on Yatim.
Ontario's Special Investigations Unit, which is charged with carrying out independent investigations of police shootings, is examining the shooting. The SIU says Yatim died from multiple gunshot wounds.
Toronto police spokesman Tony Vella confirmed the officer involved has been suspended with pay.
Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair said he's seen the video and is conducting a parallel investigation. He said he understands the public's concern.
‘I recognize there is a need for answers,' Blair said.
Tearful sister: Sarah Yatim, left, cries in the arms of her mother, Sahar Bahadi, at a vigil on Monday, July 29, 2013 at the spot where her brother, Sammy Yatim, 18, was shot nine times
Brief pause: Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair pauses during a news conference regarding the fatal shooting of 18-year-old Sammy Yatim, in Toronto on Monday, July 29, 2013 Addressing the concern: Blair said he's seen the video and is conducting a parallel investigation. He said he understands the public's concern
Mark Mendelson, a former Toronto police detective, said investigators have the benefit of the video, which ‘doesn't lie.'
'If you look at it on its face value at this point, it's not hard to come to the conclusion that excessive force was used,' Mendelson said.
Mendelson also noted there are numerous civilian witnesses and at least two video angles of the shooting, including security camera footage.
Hundreds took part in a march Monday evening that called for justice for Yatim and an end to police violence.
Toronto Police Association president Mike McCormack, who leads the police union, said the officer involved in the shooting is ‘devastated.'
‘He's just overwhelmed by the magnitude of everything,' he said. McCormack added that the public shouldn't jump to conclusions before investigators collect all the facts.
Backup: Several more police officers surround the streetcar after the officer in question finished firing
Jacques Chapdelaine will stay on in the dual role of head coach and offensive co-ordinator and Noel Thorpe will be back for a fourth year as defensive co-ordinator, the Montreal Alouettes announced Tuesday.
But the Alouettes are still seeking a special teams co-ordinator to replace Kavis Reed, who took over from Jim Popp as general manager in December.
Anwar Stewart will not return as defensive line coach and offensive line coach Kris Sweet is also gone.
Anthony Calvillo, who began last season as offensive co-ordinator but who was bumped from those duties when Chapdelaine was named head coach in September, stays on as quarterbacks coach.
Andre Bolduc, who was a special teams assistant and later the receivers coach, is the new running backs coach while the man formerly charged with the backs, Paul Charbonneau, takes over the offensive line. Chapdelaine's 25-year-old son Justin Chapdelaine, who worked with his father in Saskatchewan in 2015 and at the University of Calgary last season, was named receivers coach.
On defence, specific positions have been left off job titles as former linebackers coach Greg Quick was named Thorpe's senior assistant while Jason Hogan and Billy Parker, a top defensive back the last eight years in Montreal, were named defensive assistants. Hogan was offensive quality control coach last year.
The defence was the Alouettes' lone strong point last season when it allowed a league-low 32 touchdowns on a 7-11 team.
Sepp Blatter didn't do much right in his time as the president of the world's primary football body, FIFA. Filled with controversies, corruption and lie after lie, he tarnished the image of the beautiful game to an unneeded level and often didn't see eye to eye with the rest of the footballing world. But, in 17 years of holding his post in FIFA's offices in Zürich, he let one rightful phrase slip out of his unreliable mouth – labelling India as the “sleeping giant” of world football.
In a country of more than 1.2 billion people and a history to tantalise the imagination of one, India has rarely produced internationally acclaimed footballers. Baichung Bhutia and Sunil Chettri are the only two that come to mind in recent memory but have barely set the world alight in footballing metaphors. However, a country that big does have one bright spark, a city well renowned around the world and very well synonymous with the British – Kolkata.
Kolkata is India's best reply when asked about their football heritage. The country's best players have played there and have gone on to become national heroes with their performances in that esteemed city. Surrounded by vast poverty and bungling facilities, they've still accomplished in making something with very little of what they possess, and rather surprisingly, are considered as one of world football's most well-honed cities.
The Birth Of A Rivalry
The essence of the city's footballing tradition lies in its greatest and most intense rivalry. Mohun Bagan play East Bengal under arguably the most powerful crowd in Asian football with thousands and thousands flocking into the historical Salt Lake Stadium to create a fine atmosphere, with banners, flares and sadly, violence, being familiar when the two giants meet.
Most rivalries are born out of internal rift, and so was this one. Mohun Bagan is Asia's oldest football club, formed in 1889 in Kolkata, then known as Calcutta, while under the British rule. They were set to square off against local side Jora Bagan in 1920, who decided against fielding their star centre-half Sailesh Bose for reasons unknown, much to the displeasure of vice-president and industrialist Suresh Chaudhuri, who decided to leave the club imminently and form a new club along with Raja Manmatha Nath Chaudhuri, Ramesh Chandra Sen, and Aurobinda Ghosh, named simply as East Bengal.
East Bengal were formed with players from lesser socio-economic groups and that financial schism still exists between the two clubs. The locale of the club is now essentially modern-day Bangladesh and many of their players and fans from back in the day are migrants and immigrants from the country following Bangladesh's advance towards independence in the 1970s.
Before East Bengal were born, Mohun Bagan were the darlings of Indian football as they aimed towards seeking independence from the British rule in the 20th Century. Calcutta, then the capital of the British Raj, was playing host to the IFA Shield in 1911, where the all-Indian team overcame East Yorkshire Regiment in the final of the competition at the Calcutta Maidan Stadium under a crowd of more than 60,000. The audience consisted of shabbily dressed Indians and finely dressed Englishmen, a picture that painted the state of the times in the region. Winning by a score of two goals to one, Mohun Bagan etched their names in history and proved that their British superiors were no more human than they were.
The English publication, Reuters, noted a rare sight that day: “The Bengalees tearing off their shirts and waving them. The members of the Muslim Sporting Club were almost mad and rolling on the ground with joyous excitement on the victory of their Hindu brethren.” The 29th of July is officially declared as Mohun Bagan Day in modern Kolkata, and there's even a movie based on their illustrious heroes, directed by Bengal-native Arup Roy, named Egaro – The Immortal Eleven, released in 2011.
The Twelth Men
Despite India not being as well-renowned as their other Asian counterparts for their passion for the game, the Kolkata Derby has seen the best, and chief form of bizarre, the Indian fans have to offer. An imperious 5-0 win for East Bengal in 1975 over their rivals saw one of their fans get a heart attack in ecstasy following his side's fourth goal. The same evening, something even more dubious occurred when a 25-year-old Mohun Bagan fan Umakanto Palodhi committed suicide leaving behind a suicide note that showed every bit of his love for his club: “I wish to take revenge for this defeat in my next birth by returning as a better Mohun Bagan footballer.”
A suicide by poising in 1977 and a stampede in 1980 are just some of the cases to prove how far the Kolkata fans would go to represent their colours, while there was a wave of violence in a game as recently as 2012, where one of Mohun Bagan's players suffered a fracture between his jaw and right ear after a stone was pelted at him in the derby in December that year. That, game in particular, showed everything the derby was about and had more than 40 fans injured after Mohun Bagan's star player Odafa Okolie was sent off and commenced the rioting that included objects such as bottles to window panes being thrown onto the pitch.
Kolkata's Salt Lake Stadium is India's largest football ground, being able to accommodate more than 120,000 fans at one point. But recent redevelopments have taken place and have seen its capacity decreased to just less than 70,000. Nevertheless, the stadium is exactly what a rivalry of this magnitude deserves and in one game, had a record crowd of 131,000 people crammed up for a Federation Cup semi-final in 1997, in which Indian legend Baichung Bhutia scored a hat-trick for East Bengal. Bhutia also happens to be the derby's highest-ever goal scorer and arguably, India's greatest ever footballer.
The Salt Lake Stadium is a home away from home, with Bayern Munich being frequent visitors in recent years during the Bundesliga's winter break. Their most recent arrival at the stadium came in 2012, where they beat the Indian National Team 4-0 in Sunil Chettri's farewell game. New York Cosmos, spearheaded by Pelé, were visitors in 1977, while the Argentinean National Team, featuring Lionel Messi, once contested a friendly against South American rivals Venezuela at the stadium.
Kolkata defines Indian football's legacy and is country's greatest representative of the sport on an international level. The Gold and Red of East Bengal and the Green and Red of Mohun Bagan adds the spice to Kolkata's footballing inheritance and if you ever visit India, make sure you check out what pride these two clubs bring to the country.
Image caption Dr Gao has won international awards for her work in treating HIV/Aids patients and raising awareness of the problem in China
A year-and-a-half ago, Gao Yaojie, a celebrated doctor, would have been greeting a steady stream of desperate HIV patients at her old home in central China.
Now she passes her days holed up in a flat in the New York melting pot neighbourhood of West Harlem, writing about China's blood-selling epidemic in three books that she considers her legacy.
"I never go out. All I do, from day to night, is work on my books. I go over pages and pages every day," she says in Mandarin, loudly, in the way those hard of hearing often do.
"I am 84 years old. My goal is to publish them before I die."
Dr Gao is one of China's oldest and most famous dissidents. Fearing for her freedom, she fled the country in 2009, crying all the way.
Home is now a massive public housing complex, where the language spoken is often Spanish.
"If I consider only my living standards, this place is a lot better than my old place in Zhengzhou," she says, gesturing to her newly renovated one-bedroom flat.
"There is even heat when it gets cold! Life is more comfortable here. But I miss my old life and the work I used to do."
The apartment, paid for by charities, seems spacious because it is sparsely furnished.
When Dr Gao left China, she boarded the plane with a few Mao jackets and manuscripts of three books, the culmination of her life's work.
Scandal exposed
For more than a decade, the country doctor, a gynaecologist by training, was at the forefront of Aids activism in China.
Image caption Officials say more than 700,000 people are living with HIV in China, but others put the number higher
Known as Grandma Gao, she travelled across the country treating patients, often at her own expense.
But Dr Gao refused to keep quiet about what she found. She believes the vast majority of people infected with HIV in China caught the virus as a result of selling their blood for money.
"You know how many people were infected? Ten million. That includes the number of people who have already died. It's not less than that," she says, her voice rising in anger.
That is far greater than Beijing's official figure of 740,000 people living with HIV. For years, the country denied having such patients.
China's Henan province, where Dr Gao lived, was the centre of a tainted blood scandal in the 1990s. With a huge population and limited industry, Henan residents sold themselves to make a living.
They sold their blood, which was then pooled with blood from other donors into a central collection. The valuable plasma was then separated.
The remainder of the blood, now contaminated with HIV and other viruses, was given back to donors to speed up their recovery so they could give again.
'Underground'
Government officials initially covered up the practice. Many profited directly. As a result, entire villages were devastated by illness.
All I think about is that before I die, I am able to leave these painful questions and records with the next generation Dr Gao Yaojie
Dr Gao believes the problem still exists: "It's bigger. It's nationwide, everywhere. I have seen everything with my own eyes. Blood selling is illegal. In the past, it was open and public. Now, it's underground."
Dr Gao treated her first HIV patient in 1996. She also led a campaign for greater openness and transparency. As a result of her efforts, she was recognised at home and abroad for her work.
But in May 2009, after the detention and trial of two other prominent activists, she concluded that her freedom was in danger.
"I got a call from the French embassy, telling me I had won an award," she recalled. "Then my phone line was cut. The last time that happened, I was under house arrest for two weeks.
"I later got information that the government planned to stop me from collecting my award and telling the world what was happening. So, without eating my lunch, I got on a bus to Beijing."
Dr Gao then made her way to the southern province of Guangdong, where she enjoyed the warm weather and company of supporters, before leaving for America and a life in exile.
"When I was young, I could work to the fullest of my ability to serve China. Now that I am old, America is supporting me," she said.
Health worries
Dr Gao spent several months with a Chinese family in small-town America, before being enticed to New York with a visiting fellowship at Columbia University, and a $40,000 (£25,000) annual stipend, courtesy of two charities.
Shortly after her arrival in New York, the problems of old age caught up with the frail, yet feisty, grandmother.
Hearing loss in both ears worsened. She also discovered a blood clot in her leg, restricting her movement.
"There is so much I can't do now," she says, crying at times in frustration over her declining health.
"In the past, I treated patients. I was also teaching, nine classes in one day. It pains me that I am not healthy enough to work like I used to."
Dr Gao receives few visitors. Due to her outspoken activism, she is estranged from her children. Her husband of several decades passed away in 2006.
Mortality is constantly on her mind. "All I think about is that before I die, I am able to leave these painful questions and records with the next generation.
"If I don't, then what has happened to so many people would just be stories. My work is not done. It will never be completed. But I can't do any more."
Rebels join hunt for kidnapped Australian
Updated
Muslim rebels engaged in peace talks with the Philippine government say they are involved in the search for an Australian man kidnapped last month.
A spokesman for the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) says the group is working with the government to establish the location of Warren Rodwell, who was kidnapped last month on the island of Mindanao.
"We are working on it and all (the information) we gather we will feed to the ad-hoc joint action group," rebel spokesman Vol Al-Haq said.
The 53-year-old expat from Sydney was living on the island in the troubled south of the country with his Filipina wife.
He was kidnapped at gunpoint and may have been taken to the island of Basilan by smaller rebel group Abu Sayyaf.
There are unconfirmed local reports that the group has released photographs to prove he is alive and is demanding a ransom.
Philippine police have declined to comment on the reports, as has Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT).
"It would be unhelpful to comment in detail on developments in the investigation," a DFAT spokeswoman said.
Abu Sayyaf is not part of peace talks between the MILF and the government.
The small band of Islamic militants was formed with seed money from Al Qaeda in the 1990s.
It has carried out numerous kidnappings for ransom, often targeting foreigners and Christians and a spate of high-profile bombings over the past two decades.
ABC/wires
Topics: crime, unrest-conflict-and-war, law-crime-and-justice, philippines, australia
First posted
After citing numerous ahaadeeth regarding the excellence of knowledge and its benefits in both the life of this world and in the Hereafter; Ibn Al-Qayyim (rahimahullaah) said:
“For indeed; we have mentioned two hundred proofs regarding the excellence of knowledge and of its people in a singular work.
Oh what it has by way of degree! – there is none higher than it; and it is a virtue – beyond which there is nothing more outstanding.
And its brightest gleam in radiance; is that during his lifetime; a person should be busied in some preoccupation of it.
Or that which is in his grave has become a fragmented remnant of a corpse and limb joints that are strewn. This; whilst the pages of his good deeds are continuously added to with good deeds; recorded in them at all times. Along with the good actions which are conferred to him – from where he could not have perceived.
Those – by Allaah – are noble deeds/qualities and are riches! And for this let those who aspire then compete.
That is the bounty of Allaah which He bestows on whom He wills. And Allaah is the possessor of great bounty.”
(Taken from: Tareequl Hijratain vol 2 p.770-771)
We're almost at the weekly mock draft stage on the 2018 NFL Draft pathway. While we're not quite there yet, we did get a new mock today from Mocking the Draft's Dan Kadar just two weeks from his last mock.
Last time, Kadar had the Los Angeles Rams picking up Colorado Buffaloes CB Isaiah Oliver, the second mock in 10 days that had us taking Oliver after the Sporting News had done so no long prior.
So today's mock from Kadar has the Rams locked in at the cornerback position albeit to a new name from a familiar program:
26. Los Angeles Rams - Joshua Jackson, CB, Iowa The Rams, the NFL's best story in 2017, are in a unique draft position after having top 10 picks for several years. Even in the back of the first round, Los Angeles can find a starting-quality player at cornerback. Jackson has had an incredible season at Iowa with five interceptions and 17 pass breakups.
What's perhaps interesting here is the unavoidable emphasis on the cornerback position.
Given how clearly the position depth impacted the Rams' regular season fortunes two weeks ago in the 7-24 loss to the Minnesota Vikings in Week 11, it's not hard to see it as a crucial position that obviously feels perilously thin. What makes it more interesting is the contractual timeline that's being sync'ed up for this next offseason.
Both CB Trumaine Johnson and CB Nickell Robey-Coleman are scheduled to be unrestricted free agents with Tru unable to be tagged yet again after two successive franchise tags while CB Troy Hill and CB Kevin Peterson will be exclusive rights free agents. CB Kayvon Webster is only under contract through 2019, so there's very little long-term certainty at the position, something that would obviously change with a first-round draft pick.
It's just another reminder that the sheer scope of decisions coming on the roster front to players who are currently on the Rams will determine the roster needs to a much more severe degree than in recent years, this in the best season in more than a decade.
It's going to be a wild, wild next six months for the Rams regardless of how it plays out...
As of this month, the U.S. economy's recovery from the Great Recession is five years old. But given how most Americans rate it, they can be forgiven for not feeling much in the mood for cake and ice cream.
In a Pew Research Center survey from April, only 6% of Americans said the economy was recovering strongly. Two-thirds (66%) said the economy was recovering, but not very strongly; about a quarter (26%) said it wasn't recovering at all. The same survey found that Americans' financial self-assessment had barely budged since June 2009, when the recession officially ended: 37% rated their financial situation “excellent” or “good,” 39% “only fair,” and 23% “poor.”
That persistent economic pessimism is warranted. By several measures — gross domestic product, personal income, job growth and employment ratio — the current recovery is among the weakest on record, particularly given its duration. Unless the economy's official scorekeepers change their minds, the recovery already has lasted 60 months — the fifth-longest expansion since the end of World War II. (Economists divide economic cycles into two phases: expansion (or recovery) and recession. The current recovery is considered to have begun in June 2009, the trough of the recession that started when the economy peaked in December 2007.)
We compared the current recovery's performance on several metrics against the first five years of the other longest-running expansions — those of 1961-69, 1982-90, 1991-2001 and 2001-07. By almost every measure, the current recovery has lagged well behind those of the past.
Consider the broadest measure of economic activity, gross domestic product. Since the second quarter of 2009 (GDP is measured quarterly, not monthly), inflation-adjusted GDP has risen just 10.8% — the slowest growth of any of the five-year periods examined. In fact, as far as GDP goes each recovery since the 1960s has been weaker than the last (see chart).
This recovery is also dogging it on putting people back to work. Since June 2009, the number of nonfarm payroll jobs in the U.S. has grown by just 5.7% — lower job growth than all but one of the prior lengthy expansions. In the first five years of the 1960s recovery, for instance, payrolls grew 17.3%. They grew 16.4% during the first five years of the 1980s “Reagan recovery,” and 9.6% during the first five years of the tech-fueled boom of the 1990s.
In every previous recovery before this one, the employment-population ratio — the share of the total civilian population who are employed — has risen (though often not right away, as the jobs cycle typically lags the economic cycle). But this time around, the ratio, which stood at 62% just before the late-2008 financial panic, has bounced between 58% and 59% since September 2009. (Some of that, along with the related decline in the labor force participation rate, likely is due to the impact of Baby Boomers retiring, though analysts disagree on just how much.)
Given the torpid jobs performance, it comes as little surprise that personal income also has lagged. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, per-capita disposable income (after adjusting for inflation) has grown just 3.2% since mid-2009, to $37,038 as of the first quarter of 2014. In previous recoveries, it was much higher: 11.6% in the first five years of the 2001-07 recovery, and 8.7% in the first five years of the 1990s tech boom.
One metric about the current recovery, however, jumps out: the stock market. The benchmark S&P 500 index has more than doubled over the course of the recovery, by far its largest gain of any of the periods we looked at. The index surpassed its pre-crash high in March 2013, and has gone on since to a series of new record highs. (Of course, that's not much comfort to the 44% of Americans who say they don't own stocks.) On another closely tracked measure, the economy regained all of its lost payroll jobs just last month. But even that measure doesn't take into account the population growth during that period. What the chart doesn't show is that there are about 15 million more working-age people now than there were in January 2008, but essentially the same number of jobs.
Americans today are slightly more optimistic about the job market than they were near the start of the recovery, but not much: In the April Pew Research survey, 27% said there were plenty of jobs available in their local area (up from 11% in October 2009), but 65% said jobs were still hard to find, versus 79% in the 2009 survey.
Topics: Economic Recession, Economic and Business News, Economics and Personal Finances, National Economy
GOMBAK, June 3, 2015:
PAS central Ulama council today approved an emergency motion to decide on severing ties with the DAP.
The motion was passed unanimously at the Ulama Council's muktamar today.
Mokhtar Senik, a delegate at the muktamar tabled the motion and was supported by all 644 attendees.
“I suggested to the Syura Ulama council and also to the Central PAS committee to terminate the political cooperation with DAP, and also for PAS to stay with Pakatan Rakyat (PR),” he said, citing DAP's actions which had contradicted PAS' decisions.
Mokhtar further explained that he proposed the motion following DAP's action which he labeled as going overboard apart from creating provocation with regards to PAS president Datuk Seri Abdul Hadi Awang.
He also slammed DAP for trying to meddle in PAS' internal affairs, claiming that there had been attempts to meddle in the Islamist party's elections throughout this current muktamar.
The PAS muktamar kicked off yesterday with its Youth wing, with the Ulama' council's muktamar taking place today and the main muktamar set to begin in Kuala Selangor tomorrow.
“It is as though they (DAP) control PAS, like PAS has no president,” were among the things mentioned by Mokhtar in justifying the reason for him proposing the emergency motion.
However Mokhtar reiterated that the motion only involved PAS' ties with DAP and does not involve PKR or the Opposition coalition as a whole.
“The motion is to sever ties with DAP, and not PR or PKR. PR is not DAP and DAP is not necessarily PR,” Mokhtar insisted.
The Krishna Janmasthan Temple Complex is a group of Hindu temples in Mallapura, Mathura, Uttar Pradesh, India. These temples are built around the place where major Hindu deity Krishna is said to have been born.[1][2] The place holds religious significance since the 6th century BC. The temples were destroyed multiple times throughout history, latest by Mughal emperor Aurangzeb in 1670 who erected Eidgah there. In 20th century, the new temple complex was built with financial help from industrialists containing the Keshavdeva temple, the Garbha Griha temple at the birthplace and the Bhagavata Bhavan.
History [ edit ]
Ogee arches and balconies containing human figures, rear view, circa 2nd century BCE, found from archeological excavation of Katra Keshavdeva. Now in Government Museum, Mathura
The Shahi Eidgah in 1949 which was constructed on the raised plinth of the original temple destroyed by Aurangzeb
According to Hindu traditions, Krishna was born to Devaki and Vasudeva in a prison cell where they were confined by his maternal uncle Kansa, a king of Mathura, due to prophecy of his death by the child of Devaki.[3][4] According to tradition, a temple dedicated to Krishna was built the birthplace by his great grandson Vajranabh.[3][2] The present site known as Krishna Janmasthan ( lit. birthplace of Krishna) was known as Katra ( lit. marketplace) Keshavdeva.[5] The archeological excavations of the site had revealed pottery and terracotta from 6th century BC.[5] It also produced some Jain sculptures as well as a large Buddhist complex including Yasha Vihara, a monastery, belonging to Gupta period ( c. 400).[5] Cunningham opined that Hindus may have occupied the former Buddhist site.[3] The Vaishnava temple may have erected on the place as early as the first century.[5] Some late 8th century inscriptions mentions donations to the sie by the Rashtrakutas.[3] In 1017 or 1018, Mahmud of Ghazni attacked and plundered Mahaban. Ghazni's scribe, though not accompanying him on the expedition, Al Utbi describes in his Tarikh-i-Yamini neighbouring holy town which is identified as Mathura. He wrote, "In the centre of the city there was a huge and magnificent temple, which the people believed wasn't built by men but by the angels... Any description of the temple, either in words or in pictures, would fall short and fail to convey its beauty." Mahmud of Ghazni wrote, "if any one wished to construct a building equal to it, he would not be able to do so without spending a hundred million dinars, and the work would occupy two hundred years, even though the most able and experienced workmen were employed." He ordered to burn all the temples and demolish them. He plundered gold and silver idols and carried away a load of hundred camels.[6][7] A stone inscription in Sanskrit found from the site mentions that in Vikrama Samvat 1207 (1150) a person named Jajja who may have been a vassal of Gahadavala king built a Vishnu temple which was 'brilliantly white and touching the clouds'.[4][5] Vaishnava saints Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and Vallabhacharya visited Mathura in early 16th century.[8][4]
Abdullah, in the reign of Mughal emperor Jehangir, mentions in Tarikh-i-Daudi the destruction of Mathura and its temples by Delhi Sultan Sikandar Lodi in 16th century. Lodi had prohibited Hindus from bathing in the river and shaving of heads on the banks as well.[6][4] In the reign of Jehangir, in 1618, Raja Veer Singh Deva Bundela of Orchha had built a temple at the cost of thirty-three lakhs.[6][9][10] A French traveller Tavernier visited Mathura in 1650 and had described the octagonal temple built in red sand stone.[11][12][10] Italian traveller Niccolao Manucci who worked in Mughal court has also described the temple.[12] Mughal prince Dara Shikoh had patronised the temple and donated a railing to the temple.[9] The railing was removed Mathura governor Abdun Nabi Khan on the order of Mughal emperor Aurangzeb and he built Jama mosque on the ruins of the Hindu temples. During the Jat rebellion in Mathura, Abdul Nabi Khan was killed in 1669.[13] Aurangzeb attacked Mathura and destroyed that Keshavdeva temple in 1670 and built Shahi Eidgah in its place.[9][5]
Since 19th century [ edit ]
The site celebrated as the birthplace of Krishna who, as tradition goes, was born in a prison and the prison is said to have existed on the plot marked by a stone plate. To the right of it is the Shahi Eidgah. The image is taken in 1949 before the modern temple complex was built.
Garbha Griha shrine (left) behind the Eidgah (centre) and entrance of the Keshavdeva temple (right), 1988.
Mathura fell under British control in 1803. The East India Company auctioned the land of Katra and it was purchased by Raja Patnimal, a wealthy banker[14] of Banaras.[3][15][16] Raja Patnimal wanted to build the temple but could not do so. His descendants inherited the land of Katra. His descendant Raj Krishna Das was challenged, for the ownership of 13.37 acres of land on which the shrine and the Eidgah is situated, in two civil suits by the Muslims of Mathura but the Allahabad High Court ruled in favour of Raj Krishna Das in both suits in 1935.[15][16] Kailashnath Katju and Madanmohan Chaturvedi had helped in lawsuits. Politician and educationist Madan Mohan Malaviya acquired the land from Raj Krishna Das on 7 February 1944 at the cost of Rs. 13000 with financial help of Industrialist Jugal Kishore Birla.[3][15][16] Following death of Malaviya, Jugal Kishore Birla formed a trust named Shri Krishna Janmabhoomi Trust, later registered as the Shri Krishna Janmasthan Seva Sansthan, on 21 February 1951 and acquired the land.[15][16] Jugal Kishore Birla entrusted the construction of the new temple with another industrialist and philanthropist Jaidayal Dalmia. The construction of the temple complex was started in October 1953 with leveling of lands and completed in February 1982. His eldest son Vishnu Hari Dalmia succeeded him and served on the Trust until his death. His grandson Anurag Dalmia is Joint Managing Trustee on the Trust.[3][15] The construction was funded by other business families including Ramnath Goenka.[3] In 1968, the Trust and the Shahi Eidgah committee reached an agreement which granted the temple land to the Trust and the management of the Eidgah to the Eidgah committee as well no legal claim of the Trust on the Eidgah.[16][17] Following the demolition of the Babri Mosque in 1992, Manohar Lal Sharma, a resident of Vrindavan, has filed a petition in the Mathura District Court challenging the 1968 agreement as well as a petition to quash the Places of Religious Worship Act of 1991 which preserves the status quo as on 15 August 1947 for all places of worship.[16][18]
Ganesh Vasudev Mavalankar was the first chairman of the Trust. He was succeeded by M. A. Ayyangar, followed by Akhandananda Saraswati and Ramdev Maharaj. Nrityagopaldas is the present chairman.[15]
Temples and monuments [ edit ]
Entrance of the temple complex
Keshavdeva idol in the Keshavdeva temple
Potra Kund
The temple complex contains Keshavdeva temple, Garbha Griha shrine and Bhagavata Bhavan.[2]
Location of temples and nearby water tank.
Keshavdeva Temple [ edit ]
The Keshavdeva Temple was built by Ramkrishna Dalmia in memory of his mother Jadiadevi Dalmia. The construction of the temple started on 29 June 1957 and inaugurated on 6 September 1958 by Hanuman Prasad Poddar.[19] It is located south of the Shahi Eidgah.
Garbha Griha shrine [ edit ]
It is said that Shahi Eidgah was constructed on the sabhamandapa (assembly hall) of the original temple and the garbha griha (sanctum sactorum) was left. It is considered as the place of the prison cell where Krishna is believed to have born. A marble pavilion and an underground prison cell were built on the place with spacious veranda. There is shrine near it dedicated to eight-handed goddess Yogmaya.[20][15][2] It is located against the rear wall of the Shahi Eidgah.[3]
Bhagavata Bhavan [ edit ]
The construction of the temple dedicated to Shrimad Bhagavata was started on 11 February 1965 and the installation ceremony of the deities were held on 12 February 1982. It includes five shrines: the main shrine having six-feet tall couple of Radha and Krishna; the shrine of Balarama, Subhadra and Jagannatha on right; the temple of Rama, Lakshmana and Sita on left; Garuda Stambha (pillar) and Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in front of Jagannatha shrine and Hanuman in front of Ram shrine; the temple of Durga and the temple with Shivalinga. The ceiling, walls and pillars of the assembly hall are adorned with frescoes depicting life events of Krishna and his associates and devotees. The text of Bhagavad Gita engraved on copper-plates adorn the walls of the parikrama (circumambulation) of the main temple.[21][2][3] There are statues of Malaviya and Birla in the complex.[3]
Other constructions include the Ayurveda Bhavan, International Guest House, shops, library and open space for performances.[3]
Potra Kund [ edit ]
There is a large and deep stepped water tank, Potra Kund or Pavitra Kund, in south-east of the Janmasthan temple which is said to be used for the first bath of child Krishna after his birth.[22][2] The steps of the tank were built by Mahadji Scindia in 1782. They were restored by his descendants in 1850.[3]
Culture [ edit ]
The temple is one of the most visited temple of India. Janmashtami, Diwali and Holi are the major festival celebrated at the temple.[2]
Image: Geekbench, Primate Labs
Apple's A11 Bionic system on chip (SoC) makes the iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, and iPhone X by far the highest-performing smartphones available today, according to Geekbench results.
As Apple boasted when unveiling its 64-bit, six-core A11 Bionic, the new SoC would blow away the performance of the A10, which powers the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
That claim has now been confirmed in official results for the A11's performance on Primate Labs' Geekbench iOS benchmarks, which were updated today with official measurements for the iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X, which were probably submitted by reviewers.
There's a minor difference in single-core and multicore performance between the three new iPhones, but all three have a massive lead over top-performing Android phones, which are led by Samsung's Galaxy S8 with either its own Exynos octa-core chip or Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835, and Huawei's Honor V9 with its HiSilicon Kirin 960.
Image: Geekbench, Primate Labs
The iOS single-core benchmark shows that the iPhone X, iPhone 8, and iPhone 8 Plus, have scores between 4,204 and 4,181.
The iPhone 8 Plus leads on the multicore benchmark with a score of 10,078, followed closely by the iPhone 8 and iPhone X with scores of 10,065 and 9,955, respectively.
As noted by Apple Insider, a fair comparison is between the A10-powered iPhone 7 and A-11 powered iPhone 8, which share similar specs besides the chip.
The results indicate that the A11 is about 25 percent faster on the single-core test and 80 percent faster in a multicore comparison. And these benchmarks don't even account for the iPhone 8's new Apple-designed GPU, which Apple suggests gives the new iPhone a 30-percent performance lead in graphics over the A10's GPU.
Android benchmarks meanwhile top out at 1965 on a measure of single-core performance, while multicore scores don't exceed 6,494. The Galaxy S8 with Samsung's Exynos 8895 octa-core chip lead on both measures.
On single-core performance, the lowly iPhone SE with an A9 chip outranks Samsung's Galaxy S8 on Geekbench.
While Apple has carved out a long lead in performance with its chips, Samsung has focused on display technologies, such as the OLED screens in the Galaxy S8 and Note 8.
Screen benchmarking firm DisplayMate gave both devices an A+ in its tests, and recently found the Note 8's display to be the brightest on the market.
Previous and related coverage
iPhone X vs Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Which has better business specs?
The specifications for the new iPhones and Samsung's latest Galaxy devices are now official. Based on those specs, how do these phones compare for business buyers?
10 best smartphones: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 still trumps Apple iPhone X
Apple recently announced the new 2017 iPhone lineup, but even its best can't surpass Samsung's latest Galaxy Note.
More on Apple iPhone
The Premium Times of Nigeria reports that Iran is stepping forward to offer assistance to the African Union against the savage caliphate spilling out of northern Nigeria into Cameroon and menacing the entire region:
Iran on Saturday announced plans to assist in the fight against the Islamist group, Boko Haram, as part of its contribution for global peace.
The country's Deputy Foreign Affairs Minister, Amir Hossein Abdollohian, made the announcement while addressing the press on Saturday on the sideline of the ongoing 24th Assembly of the African Union (AU) Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
Mr. Abdollohian said the activities of the Boko Haram militants and that of Al-Shabaab in the Somalia were similar to that of Al-Qaeda and the ISIS and other terrorist groups in the Middle East.
“Boko Haram in Nigeria and Al-Shabaab in the Horn of Africa are similar with Al-Qaeda and ISIS in parts of the Middle East using similar methods of operations to cause havoc to the people of the two regions. Iran is therefore willing to use its experience in dealing with terror groups to assist in combatting these groups in Africa.“
He said Iran was willing to share its experiences on terrorist activities it gathered over the years in Iraq, Lebanon, Syria and other parts of the Middle East with Africa, particularly Nigeria and Somalia, as part of efforts to ensure global peace.
According to him, Iran has opened consultation with the African Union to offer its contribution to the affected countries in the coming days.
Iran is attending the AU Summit as an observer with interest in bilateral and multilateral cooperation with some of the AU member states.
Using a Bic ballpoint pen, Jerry Seinfeld composes all his jokes on sheets of yellow legal paper, as he's done since 1975 when he first tried his hand at stand-up comedy. He kept every joke, organized alphabetically, but never intended for anyone to see the pages.
“I don't want to say embarrassed, but they were a very private thing for me,” Mr. Seinfeld says. “I don't want people to know how much work I put into it. I just think it's more fun when it seems off the cuff.”
The 63-year-old comedian opened up his archives when he made a one-hour special for Netflix . It's the first result of a deal he struck with the streaming service that includes a future special and his interview series “Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee,” which previously ran on Sony 's streaming site Crackle.
Scroll down to see how Jerry Seinfeld breaks down a cereal joke.
“Jerry Before Seinfeld,” released on Netflix last week, is a stand-up set that doubles as his oral history of an initiation into the comedy life. The show was shot in a tiny club in Manhattan, the Comic Strip, where Mr. Seinfeld sharpened his skills nightly but hadn't performed in 30 years. He tells stories of that incubation phase and delivers jokes written in the years leading up to his first appearance on Johnny Carson's “Tonight Show” in 1981, eight years before the premiere of “Seinfeld.”
Though music stars routinely play hits from their back catalog, it's rare for stand-ups to resurrect vintage material. The observations in some of Mr. Seinfeld's old jokes defy aging—his free-range childhood in the 1960s, socks escaping from the laundry, the improbable power of the Notary Public—but it was challenging to get that material back into shape for the new special, he says.
Advertisement
“When a bit is your act and your act is your life, you know every letter of every word. Every note of inflection and timing. And I had forgotten it all. I had to re-learn it.”
In a recent interview, Mr. Seinfeld broke down elements of a joke written in his formative years that resurfaced in “Jerry Before Seinfeld.”
Breaking Down ‘Cookie Crisp'
1. Long before “Seinfeld” showed a lineup of cereal boxes in Jerry's kitchen, the comedian was tickled by breakfast foods, especially the sugary brands. “Cereal. It's just one of the funnest things. It's candy masquerading as food. What a racket,” he says.
2. On stage, he ticks off these cereal brands like a mantra. “You want things that are just fun to say. It's fun to say Cocoa Crisp and Fruity Pebbles. It's not fun to say Oat Bran.” He hits a sort of high note on the last word, which comes out as a strangled shriek. “Pops has a consonant strength that Froot Loops does not have. Frosted Flakes? Soft. Sugar Pops is on the end and not by coincidence. I plan that out.”
3. Of his cursive handwriting, he says, “I love penmanship. I love writing with a pen. I feel like I'm painting.”
4. Crossed out lines will sometimes survive in performance (this line pops up in the “Jerry Before Seinfeld” version) but such edits illustrate a painstaking part of the creative process. “You're always trying to trim everything down to absolute rock, solid rock. I will sit there for 15 minutes to make it one syllable shorter.”
Advertisement
5. The whole bit hinges on this line—“It's not like cookies, it is cookies,” Mr. Seinfeld says. “There's a brevity and a rhythm and an insanity to that. When you're writing stand-up, you're looking for something that you can wield like a syntactical weapon.” There's also an element of surprise: “You make it a little shorter than the audience thinks it's going to be. When I say, ‘It's not like cookies,' they don't think this joke is going to end in three more words.”
6. Mr. Seinfeld initially got excited about featuring a 19th century German existentialist in his bit. “If I can get a joke that refers to Nietzsche, it's like shooting an arrow into the sun.” However, the average audience member's sketchy knowledge of the philosopher made the set-up wobbly, so the comedian spiked it. “There are a lot of places you can use that joke, but in a nightclub it's not going to cut it. I love that [juxtaposition]—you're talking about Cookie Crisp and using Nietzsche—but that was a dream that died on the page.
Cookie Crisp We rolled out of bed right into a bowl of Cocoa Puffs, Frosted Flakes, Cap'N Crunch, Lucky Charms, Froot Loops, Sugar Pops. I got to stop, I'm feeling a little light headed. Life cereal. Named after the exact opposite of what it was offering you. How about the balls on these people “Lets call it LIFE.” “Oh no, this is much bigger than that” What else did they kick around? “How about ‘Almighty God?' Or new Almighty God with Raisins? and if you don't like it, you can go to hell.” Our parents had no clue there was no food in any of these products. Until the Cookie Crisp people came along and blew the lid off the whole racket. Cookie Crisp should have been called “The Hell with Everything.” If you don't know what this is, this is a cereal that, it's not like cookies, it IS cookies. This is your breakfast, a bowl of chocolate chip cookies. Ice cream for lunch, cake for dinner, bacon and cigarettes in between. This is the Cookie Crisp Total Health Plan. I think Nietzsche said after a bowl of Cookie Crisp “If it doesn't kill you, it makes you stronger.” He loved Cookie Crisp, and it almost killed him.
Write to John Jurgensen at john.jurgensen@wsj.com
Of all the ways of generating power from renewable sources, using the ocean has got to have more variations than any other power source. One new method being investigated by Queen's University Belfast and Aquamarine Power Limited has been dubbed the Oyster. The research collaboration is scheduled to last for the next five years, with the first prototype of the Oyster being deployed off the coast of Orkney in the summer of 2009. This is how it works:Water Pumped to Shore to Turn Turbine
As Aquamarine Power describes it,
The system consists of a simple steel Oscillating Wave Surge Converter, or pump, fitted with double acting water pistons, deployed near-shore in depths around 10-12m. Each passing wave activates the pump; which delivers high pressure water via a sub-sea pipeline to the shore. Onshore, high-pressure water is converted to electrical power using proven, conventional hydro-electric generators. The nearshore location is easy to access; and the most complex part of the system is onshore, so it is accessible 365 days a year.
Aquamarine says that the peak power generated by the Oyster is 300-600 kw, depending on configuration and location. If multiple Oyster units are deployed in an array, they would be configured to pump into a single onshore hydroelectric generator.
via: Renewable Energy World
images: Aquamarine Power Ltd
Wave Power
New Wave Power Device Will Attach to Offshore Wind Turbine
The Tide's Rising for Wave Power: Power Buoys Installed Off the Spanish Coast
Wave Power With a Twist: Searaser Pumps Water Into Storage Ponds for On-Demand Ocean Hydropower
But just 29% of women feel the same
First dates are notoriously awkward – filled with stilted small talk and the inherent tension of being so close to a stranger. Even when the date goes unexpectedly well, free of long silences or desire to hide in the restroom, there is still one lingering question at the end of the night: who pays?
When presented with a list of possible options to solve this classic end-of-date conundrum, respondents to a recent YouGov Omnibus survey were most likely to say that, when a man and a woman are on a date, the man should always take care of the check (35%). Interestingly, more men than women felt this way -- 40% to 29%, respectively. Coming in close second, nearly a third of respondents (32%) felt that whoever initiated the date should be the one paying. This was, however, the most popular answer for women, with 37% saying this is their preferred structure for deciding who foots the bill.
Other answers included splitting the bill evenly (15%), and paying only for what you ordered (9%). Only 1% of US adults think that women should cover the check on a first date.
Given that so few Americans are onboard with splitting the check on a first date, it follows that 37% say they'd be offended if their date asked them to pay for half of the bill. Women in particular feel this way, with nearly half (49%) agreeing they'd be offended, in comparison to just a quarter of men (24%).
Similarly, the large majority of women (76%) would be offended if, while on a first date, their date assumed they'd be paying the whole bill, while just 28% of men say they'd be offended.
While research shows the average amount men spend on a first date is $80, it turns out, people would prefer to be spending slightly less. Looking at YouGov data, the average amount individuals would ideally like to shell out on a first date is closer to $64.
This lower number might relate to the fact that, when asked their ideal first date location, only 3% would want to dine at an expensive restaurant, while 50% of US adults like the idea of getting to know their date while enjoying food at a casual restaurant.
Full survey results available here
Learn more about YouGov Omnibus
Image: Getty
Champions League play-off round, first-leg
Venue: Astana Arena Date: Tuesday, 20 August Kick-off: 16:00 BST Coverage: BBC Radio Scotland and live text commentary on BBC Sport website.
Head coach Viktor Kumykov says Shakhter Karagandy are huge underdogs against Celtic in the final round of Champions League qualifying.
No team from Kazakhstan has ever reached the group stages, while Celtic made it to the final 16 last season.
"We are students and they are teachers," said Kumykov.
"We recognise that Celtic are more experienced and stronger than us. But football is illogical and you cannot be sure about anything."
The Russian manager also thinks the whole of Kazakhstan will behind his team for Tuesday's first-leg at the Astana Arena.
Celtic play aggressively so we expect it to be a very tough game Viktor Kumykov Head coach Shakhter Karagandy
"We believe the supporters are very important in this game," he said.
"We think there will be many supporters there, not only from Karaganda and Astana but from other parts of the country and we believe and hope the whole nation will be behind us."
Shakhter disposed of Belarusian side BATE Borisov in the second qualifying round before knocking out Skenderbeu of Albania.
Kumykov, who rested most of his key players at the weekend, has studied Celtic and anticipates a physical encounter on the artificial pitch, which is 114 miles away from their home stadium.
"Celtic play aggressively so we expect it to be a very tough game," he added.
"In football, the strongest side does not always win and there are many examples of that, even in the Champions League," he added.
"We have watched all their European games, the game against Aberdeen and the friendly against Liverpool.
"They are a very good side, with very good players.
"We are newcomers to the Champions League, Celtic is a very experienced club and are former champions of Europe."
The visiting media were taken aback by the revelation that the Kazakhstan club had again killed a sheep in order to bring them good luck.
The sacrifice took place at the stadium before the players trained but Kumykov played it down.
"This is a play-off round and we decided not to break this tradition," he explained.
"It is quite important for us. I would not like to disclose in detail."
Three months after Trump's brutal inauguration crowd size loss to Barack Obama—and his subsequent denial of any evidence to the contrary—Trump just took another loss to Obama on crowd size, this time from the New England Patriots.
Patriots' turnout for President Obama in 2015 vs. Patriots' turnout for President Trump today: https://t.co/OxMEOqZonI pic.twitter.com/pLmJWhOw1j — NYT Sports (@NYTSports) April 19, 2017
It's not even close! Here are some more angles.
2017
2015
This was expected after a massive group—almost half—of Patriots players said they would not be attending, many because they did not “feel welcome” in the Trump White House. Even Trump's friend, Tom Brady, didn't show up, citing “personal family matters.” Given that the Patriots are considered one of the most Trump-supporting sports teams, that might not bode well for Trump's future team visits.
We'll update after Sean Spicer's rationalizing and Trump's inevitable angry 4 a.m. tweet.
JERUSALEM — Dozens of Palestinians set fire at dawn on Friday to a holy site known as Joseph's Tomb, in the Palestinian Authority-controlled city of Nablus in the West Bank, damaging the tiny stone compound that many Jews believe is the burial place of the son of the biblical patriarch Jacob.
The fire punctuated another day of anti-Israel protests by Palestinians in parts of the occupied West Bank and in Gaza that left at least four dead and dozens injured.
The violence drew the increasing concern of the United States, with President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry calling for restraint on both sides but also defending Israel's right to protect its citizens.
Mr. Kerry spoke by telephone with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, the State Department said. It also said Mr. Kerry would probably meet with Mr. Netanyahu in Europe in the coming days. The date and location have not been set.
As a Canucks fan, I think I'm supposed to be cackling with churlish glee at the recent struggles of the Chicago Blackhawks, who extended their losing streak to eight games after Friday's 5-3 loss to the San Jose Sharks and (UPDATED)Saturday's 3-0 downer against the Phoenix Coyotes.
After the Sharks game, Blackhawks' blog Indian Head Nation wrote, "The Hawks win that one with Emery in net." That should make me laugh out loud.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Chicago's Daily Herald columnist Barry Rozner Tweeted, "Thornton legendary for disappearing when things get rough but suddenly he's tough against little Jonathan Toews." The notion that the incredibly tough Jonathan Toews is suddenly some shrinking violet should have made me howl.
After all, for two years, the Blackhawks' goaltending and captain have been praised for their warriorism and their clutchiness, but over this panic-inducing stretch, the sheen has come off of both -- suddenly, Ray Emery has become the answer and Toews has shrunk. I should be relishing this.
But my heart, like a bland hot dog, is without relish. This just sucks.
With every loss, everything that makes the Blackhawks awesome comes into question -- their clutch goaltending and their clutch captain are just the beginning. Soon, someone will come for their identity.
The Blackhawks are one of only six teams averaging three goals per game. They play a high-octane system, more concerned with scoring than preventing. The problem: they're also one of only five teams in the NHL that averages three or more goals against per game. The other four: Carolina, Ottawa, Columbus, and Tampa Bay. That's bad company, and bad company can only reflect poorly on you, a lesson Sir Ben Kingsley learned when he joined the cast of BloodRayne.
Story continues
If the Blackhawks don't right the ship soon, someone is bound to come for that sexy, high-octane offense.
We're already seeing the signs of it, as Chicago worked on their defensive positioning prior to the game in San Jose. From the Chicago Sun-Times:
"We probably let it slide a little when we were scoring many goals and weren't looking to prevent them at a regular rate," Quenneville said. "Especially on the road, we want to play tight, and we want to be responsible. An awareness of our positioning is what we're talking about." On Wednesday, it was accompanied by more chalkboard instruction as the Hawks worked in the neutral zone with a variation of the 1-2-2 trap for their game against the San Jose Sharks on Friday.
I have bolded the word that makes my heart weep. GOD NO.
Of course, Quenneville has to try battening down the hatches somewhat. When you surrender 27 goals over six consecutive losses, not to mention turn Sam Gagner into the second coming of Wayne Gretzky, you're doing it wrong. The fact that nothing changed versus San Jose only makes things worse.
Some are already pointing the finger at Quenneville and GM Stan Bowman, the men who constructed this team's identity. Here's Al Cimaglia from My Fox Chicago on Quenneville's decision to bench Viktor Stalberg in the third period Friday versus the Sharks:
Quenneville has been slow to react and has been reluctant to change this season. His message to Stalberg and others has fallen on deaf ears. Quenneville has been more a part of the Hawks problems than a solution. Although Coach Q. was correct in thinking a message must be sent to Stalberg it was the wrong time to do so. Having a shallow lineup because of injury and the flu makes it a punishment for the whole team to play short a forward. So Quenneville was caught delivering the right message at the wrong time. Quenneville can't be held blameless this season nor should GM Bowman.
The Blackhawks are one of the last bastions of the high-octane offense, and if they continue to struggle, or worse, miss the playoffs, you have to believe that Quenneville's system will be marked for demolition, especially after what happened to Bruce Boudreau in Washington.
It seems a far-fetched notion to suggest that the Hawks could miss the playoffs this season, regardless of how bad things get, but their schedule won't help. From the same article:
Speaking of playoff hopes slipping away, the Hawks aren't at that point yet, but don't think it would be impossible to miss the post season. It has been reported the Hawks have the most difficult schedule remaining of any Western Conference club except for Nashville. The Hawks can't rely on any scheduling favors from here on out.
The highly-entertaining identity of the Blackhawks may rest in the balance this season. A playoff berth and they may stay as they are. A playoff miss and they may be due for a lobotomy.
Regardless of where your allegiances lie, that's a scary thought. I've seen my fair share of cyberpunk films, but a future without the high-octane Chicago Blackhawks as we know them is the worst future imaginable.
GREAT
POWERFUL TRIXIE
I am going to buy 300 Glows in the Dark Zecoras, seriously.
Our prayers have finally been answered! Hasbro has officially unveiled a white Celestia! As some of you may have gathered from the giant Pinkie Pie invading New York, the 2012 Toy Fair is currently in it's setup stages. But because we have been begging for a correctly colored sun princess for such a long time, Hasbro actually sent this to us directly - as an exclusive - way before the unveiling. That's right guys, they DO love us bronies.A few more new toys are up at the Little Pony Facebook Page , including a DJ pony, Zebra, and Nightmare Princess that I'm sure you will all appreciate more than anything! CHARGE!Holy Twilight Sparkle, I didn't even see the. That's it, my goals in this fandom are over. I'm buying 30 and moving to Alaska to live off penguins and brush manes for the rest of my life.These are all going to be Toys R' Us exclusives, so I hope you guys live near one! Maybe we can bombard their website and run them out of stock for a few months like the blindbag set?
The Jack Adams Award, presented to the NHL coach who is “adjudged to have contributed the most to his team's success” has been won by a New Jersey Devils head coach only once. In 1993-94, after guiding the Devils to the Eastern Conference Finals, Jacques Lemaire received the honor. In doing so, Lemaire edged out several other strong candidates, including Mike Keenan, who coached the Rangers to their first Stanley Cup Championship in 54 years that spring.
This season, there is no shortage of names that deserve consideration. There are the ‘usual suspects': the Pittsburgh Penguins' Dan Bylsma, the Boston Bruins' Claude Julien, and the Rangers' John Tortorella have each won the award before and have their current teams playing at an elite level. Other mentions include Detroit's Mike Babcock, Ottawa's Paul MacLean, Florida's Kevin Dineen, and the Blues' Ken Hitchcock, who took over a struggling team just 13 games into this season and currently has them in the fourth position in the powerful Western Conference.
No discussion regarding the Jack Adams would be complete, however, without also mentioning New Jersey's Pete DeBoer. The head coach took over a Devils team last summer that had missed the playoffs for the first time in more than a decade. Entering his first season in Newark, there were questions about who would be named team captain, whether star winger Zach Parise would return to form after a devastating knee injury, and whether the signing of sniper Ilya Kovalchuk to a $100 million deal was a mistake. And that was just during the offseason.
All DeBoer has done since October is won, while managing the team with a calming, professional demeanor that has brought stability to the Devils bench.
“All the guys want to play for Pete,” Parise said. “The mode and atmosphere around the locker room is great. He has done an awesome job.”
It's not just the professional atmosphere that makes DeBoer a success, though. The skill he's shown with juggling a Devils roster that has been peppered with injuries to key players has been masterful, as the team seems to not miss a beat when players like Adam Larsson and Travis Zajac miss significant time. He's also been praised by veteran Martin Brodeur for his handling of ice time, a sensitive issue.
“He understands the ups and downs of a season and is good about taking care of guys by giving them days off,” said the goaltender, who will be 40 years old in May.
General Manager Lou Lamoriello, architect of the Devils three Stanley Cup Championships, passed on hiring several other candidates last summer, including the aforementioned Ken Hitchcock, for the lower profile DeBoer. Lamoriello received some criticism for the decision to hire DeBoer last summer, but claimed that it's all gone according to plan.
“This is certainly what we had hoped for,” Lamoriello said. “I felt extremely comfortable with the conversations Pete and I had prior to hiring him. We felt Pete was the right person and he has done an excellent job.”
The fact that DeBoer has the Devils on a meteoric rise to the top of the Eastern Conference, in which they currently have the second best point total, is testament to his skill as a leader and coach. Expect his name to be mentioned in the Adams Award discussions throughout the Spring.
Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann serves on the House Intelligence Committee, so her comments on Pakistan's nuclear program represent either a news-making leak of previously unknown classified information or another in her recent series of seemingly-random, and highly inaccurate, public comments. During the CNN debate, Bachmann said that 15 Pakistani nuclear sites were vulnerable to jihadist attacks, and that six of the sites had previously come under some form of Islamist attack. U.S. intelligence and military officials believe that Pakistan has 15 nuclear sites, but no U.S. official has publicly said that all of the sites were vulnerable to militant attack or confirmed that any of them had previously come under any form of jihadist attack.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
ICOs, or initial coin offerings, are now old news. Just months ago, the novelty of crowdfunding via the blockchain and a booming cryptocurrency market was enough to attract new investors, but things have changed. Previously, startups with little to offer the marketplace but a decentralized spin on an old concept could generate millions of dollars in minutes, but investors are now intensifying their scrutiny. Their motivation used to be quick profit, though as markets wise up to new trends, they must invest (and not speculate) based on merit.
Anyone can write a white paper, generate a smart contract and publish their wallet address. Would-be investors must now all but ignore the blockchain aspect of a potential investment, and instead look at factors like the team, product, and timeline – like they did before ICOs were even an option. However, there are still great opportunities out there for those willing to do research.
1. Energi Mine
This upcoming ICO is courtesy of a UK-based company called Energi Mine, founded in 2016. That they've waited over a year to launch their ICO is encouraging, especially given the complexity and potential of their product. The company employs artificial intelligence and the blockchain to manage the energy usage of large clients, and incentivizes energy conservation through its ETK token.
The global energy market is worth $2 trillion, and capturing a piece of it could be a lucrative opportunity. A decentralized platform for using energy will allow peers to trade energy between themselves, and will reward participants who display energy-efficient behavior.
2. Gladius
A unique offering in the world of blockchain, Gladius aims to help users increase the security and speed of their websites. Participants can “rent” their computers' spare bandwidth and processing power in exchange for tokens, and then use these tokens to pay for a private, decentralized hosting solution using the network's collective power. This solution will render DDoS attacks and other threats harmless, and create a fast, safe environment for people to operate online.
Keep an eye out for the public sale, which starts November 1st, 2017. The white paper and team composition are impressive, making this ICO one that the market is likely to jump on.
3. Dether
Dether has an answer to one of cryptocurrency's biggest questions: how do we get regular people to use it? There are many who understand the importance of finding real world applications for cryptocurrency, but Dether is one of the few to offer a realistic solution. The company makes it possible for people to purchase Ethereum with cash, either online or from anyone on the street who already has it. The application turns Ethereum holders into PTMs (people teller machines), who can transact with others and with retail shops using their smartphones.
The Dether application's powerful, yet simple functionality make it a likely candidate for those looking to add a new ICO to their portfolio.
4. EOS
While EOS has already raised a significant amount of funding, their ICO doesn't officially end until June of 2018. The system allows smart contract blockchains to process transactions much more efficiently, through a proprietary process called parallel execution. By separating the authentication from the execution processes, generating role-based permission and more, EOS provides a smart contract infrastructure that can process over 100,000 transactions per second.
This type of solution is largely B2B, which is a good sign for investors. As blockchain moves from the consumer realm to benefit large companies and institutions, investors in ICOs like EOS gain value with increased adoption.
5. CanYa
CanYa uses the power of cryptocurrency to run their platform where people can list services and hire others, all with CanYa Coins. To push wider adoption of crypto, companies must provide pre-built marketplaces and literally deliver a functional use case to the average consumer. This is a notion that CanYa understands well, and it's evident when reading their blog, whitepaper, and even communicating with them on Slack. It's also encouraging that the company has such a well-rounded team.
The first stage of the ICO begins in mid-October, and though there will be only 60,000,000 coins released, those who participate during the presale get an extra 400% on their investment. Whether to see the value of the coin increase as its popularity does, or simply to get a discount on the coins you'll use to hire someone to mow your lawn, smart crypto fans will get in as soon as they can.
6. Privatix
In a world where Russia and China are banning VPNs, a decentralized solution based on blockchain has obvious value. Privatix has built an Ethereum-powered peer-to-peer product that takes spare power from its users and gives them access to powerful, distributed proxy software. Whether to get past China's “Great Firewall” or simply to watch Netflix in a foreign country, the benefits of such a system are immense.
Users who help run the network for others are paid in tokens, which in turn can be utilized to use the Privatix VPN. If not for return on investment, one should contribute to this October 19th ICO for the product itself.
Finding Blockchain's Killer App
Got a scoop request? An anonymous tip you're dying to share? Send any/all of the above to askausiello@tvline.com
Question: Thrilled about Tatiana Maslany's Critics Choice win! Any chance you coaxed some Orphan Black scoop out of her (and don't tell me you didn't speak to her — I'm armed with evidence that says you did.) —Missy
Ausiello: Oh, Tat and I had a nice long talk Monday night (yes, we're at the stage in our relationship where she lets me call her Tat. Deal with it.) Our chat mostly consisted of me gushing about her work and finalizing details of our cross-country road trip in August. I left the scoop–hoarding to TVLine's Vlada Gelman, who grilled the native Canadian on the red carpet about one of Orphan Black‘s most enduring mysteries: Why the heck did Sarah abandon Kira in the first place? “I think she left because she didn't know how to be a mother,” explains Maslany. “She just can't handle that responsibility. For her, she's always hustled and manipulated. That's what she knows. And to have a little baby who's reliant on her is the scariest thing that could ever happen to Sarah. I think she was in a relationship that led her down a road she wanted to get away from.” Speaking of which, who's the daddy? Teases the actress: “[That] is a mystery still to be solved.”
VIDEO | Watch Tatiana Maslany Accept Her Critics Choice Award
Question: Thoughts on Showtime's Masters of Sex? Really looking forward to it.—Carol
Ausiello: Loved it. Best pilot since Mad Men. I didn't want it to end. Michael Sheen and Lizzy Caplan are sensational. Set aside the evening of Sunday, Sept. 29 now. Trust me. I've never led you astray.
Question: Please tell me Bunheads will be back for a second season. The pins and needles are starting to hurt. —Amanda
Ausiello: Breaking news directly from consulting producer Dan Palladino: The show's still on the bubble. “There's no official word,” AS-P's other half tells me. “But if Bunheads is not renewed, Amy and I are going to force Sutton Foster to work with us again, at gunpoint if necessary.”
RELATED | TVLine's Cable Renewal Scorecard: What's Cancelled? What's Coming Back?
Question: Considering Vanessa Lengies' ABC pilot Mixology got picked up, safe to assume we've seen the last of Sugar on Glee? —Kendall
Ausiello: You know what they say about people who assume, Kendall — they're usually right. Except in this instance. “Glee‘s going to start back at the end of July and Mixology starts filming the end of August, so there's a window where Sugar can come back for a bit,” Lengies tells TVLine. “Who knows what the schedule will look like later? It's really not up to me. But if it was, I would love to do both. I love Glee so much. It's such a fun opportunity for me to be crazy and weird.”
Question: Is there anything concrete yet about Hilarie Burton returning to White Collar? Not that I don't love the idea of Bridget Regan wooing Neal, too! —Lanie
Ausiello: A White Collar source tells me “there's discussion about bringing Sara back” but nothing is 100 percent official just yet. My gut says there will be something official in the next couple weeks.
Question: Any plans for Jack McBrayer's Dr. Goodwin to return to The Middle next season? —Dave
Ausiello: Yes, indeed. Exec producer Eileen Heisler says the 30 Rock vet will be back for “four episodes at least” as Frankie's new boss. Heisler also assures us that even though Axl is going off to college, Charlie McDermott will “still be around” in Season 5. “It gives us a lot of fun storylines with how Brick and Mike deal with [his absence], with how Axl deals with it.”
Question: Do you have anything on next season of Parenthood? I'm dying to know what's going to happen next for the Bravermans. – Austin
Ausiello: Critics Choice victor Monica Potter suspects Season 5 will find a cancer-free Kristina in a much happier place. “I'm going to try to cry a lot less,” she says with a laugh. “[EP Jason Katims] and I talked a little bit. All he said was that it's going to be another exciting year for Kristina. So that's a good thing.”
RELATED | NBC Renews Parenthood — But There's a (Good) Twist
Question: I'm addicted to Mistresses, primarily because the cast is so nice to look at. Please tell me Karen's psychiatrist colleague Jacob will rear his handsome head again. —Dennis
Ausiello: ABC brass would need their heads examined — though maybe not by the increasingly unhinged Karen — to waste an actor with a jaw as square and eyes as penetrating as Matthew Del Negro (Rizzoli & Isles, United States of Tara) on a throwaway role. Lucky for you (and everyone else), Jacob returns next week to party with three of our four central ladies. And would it shock you to hear that after a cocktail or two, he winds up uttering the line, “Let's spend the night together”?
Question: How long will April freeze out Savi on Mistresses? I really dig the female camaraderie more than any other aspect of the show, so I'm hoping the fight doesn't drag on too long. —Jasmine
Ausiello: First, the bad news: That baby-mama drama involving April's late hubby isn't going away, and her potential romance with hot dad Richard is about to hit another snag. The good news: When life hands you lemons, sometimes you need to get together with your BFF and make a batch of very strong lemon drops (or, OK, if it's getting too close to bedtime, a nice pot of tea with fresh lemon). In other words, expect an April-Savi truce before the credits roll on Episode 3. Question: Klaroline shipper here. Please assure me that we're not going to be forced to endure a full-fledged Klaus-Hayley romance on The Originals. —Kim
Ausiello: Why don't I let exec producer Julie Plec assure you instead: “Hayley is, by no means, the Cinderella in the Klaus love story. Hayley is a girl who's pretty tough, fiery, independent … a survivor in her own right who got drunk, had sex and got knocked up. She's going to have her own journey. She's not really meant to be a threat to Klaus' love life.” Question: Switched at Birth! Scoop! Go! —Val
Ausiello: Sounds like Daphne's new love interest, Barista Jace, is going to be a bit of a slow burn. “They start off a little hesitant,” Katie Leclerc tells us. “We haven't fully developed our relationship yet. There's just been sort of a, ‘Oh, you're cute.' ‘Oh, you're cute.' Sparks fly.” As for Noah, he hasn't popped up in the summer vacation episodes yet, but as Vanessa Marano points out, “He still goes to [Carlton High],” so a return is possible once class is back in session. Question: I'd love anything you have on Pretty Little Liars. —Estee
Ausiello: Expect to see a lot more of the ‘rents this season. As exec producer Marlene King previews, “‘A' decides that he or she has not been able to divide and conquer the Liars as desired. So, in addition to targeting them, ‘A' is really going to put targets on the backs of their parents. They're all under A's thumb because of it. A big part of the mystery revolves around the Marin family.” Bonus PLL Scoop: The show is casting the recurring role of Travis, a high school-aged gas station employee who possesses a “reserved and rugged” quality and a “solid and moral” center. Which gal do you think will ding his bell? RELATED | Pretty Little Liars Season Premiere Recap: ‘A' Takes Aim Question: So I've been diggin' The Goodwin Games. But it's DOA, right? Fox has buried it in between repeats. I'm disappointed. —Jill
Ausiello: Yep, totally dead. And I agree with you Jill, it's an amusing little show. It's certainly not as bad as the pre-debut buzz seemed to suggest. (Note to Fox: Feel free to use that quote in commercials when promoting the final episodes.) Question: What's this I hear about Community not being on the Emmy ballot for best comedy series? Get to the bottom of this, Aus! —Greg
Ausiello: A Sony rep assures me that the omission was just “a little tech glitch,” one that has now been corrected — the show's back on the ballot. (Spoiler Alert: This will prove to be a moot point come July 18.) Question: I'm a diehard fan of True Blood and I have one very burning question: Is this in fact going to be the final season of the show? ‘Cause all the promotion seems to suggest it will be. —Kenn
Ausiello: It's absolutely, positively not the final season of the show. It's got one, maybe two more seasons left in it. Question: Any scoop on The Americans? I know it's early, so I will literally take anything you have. —Jessica
Ausiello: Elizabeth and Phillip will face a major homegrown threat in Season 2 — as in literally inside their home. “There's going to be a lot of Paige in Season 2,” teases exec producer Joe Weisberg of the couple's teen daughter, who was last seen closing in on her parents' secret. “That [moment] was not just a one-off. It's not just ‘Paige got suspicious and looked in the basement.' There's going to be a lot of Paige thinking about her parents, and parents thinking about Paige.” And in case there was any question, Elizabeth and Phillip will once again be living under the same roof when the show returns. “He's moving back in,” Weisberg confirms. “Elizabeth said in the finale, ‘Come home.' And he's been waiting for her.”
That's a wrap! Please send questions, comments, and anonymous tips to askausiello@tvline.com. (Additional reporting by Vlada Gelman, Megan Masters and Michael Slezak)
A Winnipeg woman is "bewildered" after the city turned the water off at her River Heights home because of an unpaid bill at another residence — one at which she's never lived.
"My name is not on the bill, I've never lived at that other house, I don't even know the address of the other house," said Marilyn Simon.
Simon had just returned from a doctor's appointment with her two children Thursday morning when she discovered the water wasn't working.
"I checked my mail slot and [a notice] said it had been turned off because of non-bill payment," she said.
"Curious, I checked my banking records and discovered, yes, in fact I did pay my bill last month, so I wasn't quite sure what was happening." Marilyn Simon's water was turned off on Thursday morning because of an unpaid bill at a property where her husband used to live. The couple have been separated for three years. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
Simon says she contacted the city and was finally connected with someone at the water and waste department.
"He said, 'Well, the reason your water is turned off is because of an outstanding bill at a different address, at a different property,' and I was completely bewildered at this point because I don't have another property," she said.
After inquiring further, Simon found out it was an outstanding bill for a property her ex-husband had rented, but no longer lived at. Simon and her husband are separated and he hasn't lived at the River Heights home for three years, but his name is still on the title.
Simon asked why she wasn't notified earlier that her water would be turned off because of the unpaid bill. She says she was told that the city did its due diligence in trying to contact the person with the outstanding bill.
"They said that they had done their due diligence, they were very good at repeating that," she said.
At this point I was absolutely bewildered by the institutional madness that I was encountering. - Marilyn Simon
Simon told the person on the phone she didn't recall getting any letter, but if a letter did come and was addressed to her husband, she would have probably just passed it along to him.
"If mail isn't addressed to me, I can't legally open it. You're not allowed to open mail that isn't yours," she said.
Simon said she asked what she needed to do to get her water turned back on and was told she'd need to pay the bill in full, plus a $107 re-hookup fee.
"I said 'Well, OK, what is owing?' And he said 'I cannot tell you that because the bill isn't in your name,'" said Simon.
"At this point I was absolutely bewildered by the institutional madness that I was encountering," said Simon. Simon's water was shut off Thursday morning. She had to pay $751 to have it turned back on later that night. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
The City of Winnipeg said it cannot discuss specific account details due to privacy regulations regarding customer accounts.
"In cases of disconnection, the property owner will receive at least three notices. In addition, the City attempts to call customers to advise them of the possibility of disconnection," a city spokesperson said in an email.
"The City may turn off water to a property if an owner of the property has unpaid debts from another address. This type of disconnection makes up a very low percentage of the City's overall utility disconnections," the spokesperson said.
'I broke down in tears'
Simon says she was eventually told the outstanding amount was $644, plus the $107 fee to turn it back on.
"It was $751 and I sort of gasped. I don't have that much money," she said.
Simon said throughout the course of the day Thursday, she arranged to borrow the money from family but still didn't know how to pay the bill.
"Here I am, I have two kids and we need to be able to flush toilets and wash hands and cook," said Simon.
When she inquired with the city about how to pay, they told her she could go to a post office and send a money order, but again, couldn't give her the account number or the address the bill was connected with because of privacy restrictions.
Simon decided to go down to City Hall and sort the matter out in person. She told them she was trying to pay the bill to get her water turned on and was once again told that because she didn't know the account number or the address, they couldn't take her money.
"I [was] running into the same institutional logic," she said.
She says she was instructed to call someone at water and waste.
"And I'm just, at this point, sobbing in the main hallway of City Hall. I broke down in tears," she said.
Held 'hostage' over outstanding bill
Simon was eventually allowed to pay the bill and had her water turned on just before midnight Thursday. She says the whole ordeal has left her frustrated.
"All of [the city staff] repeated basically the same script, that is, 'Well, we understand this is very frustrating for you, but we have done our due diligence of sending out notifications, we are operating within the guidelines of the city bylaws," she said.
"It was worse than talking to an automated computer system at that point, because these are real human beings that should on some levels know that this is wrong, what they've done to a family of three," said Simon.
She doesn't accept the city's "due diligence" defence.
Marilyn Simon and her two daughters were happy to have their water restored just before midnight Thursday. Simon says she'd like an apology from the city for how the matter was handled. (Wendy Buelow/CBC)
"Look, you guys didn't do your due diligence here. I am the resident of this property, I do pay my water bill at this property, and you guys shut off my water without any notification to me," said Simon.
She's also upset the city wouldn't allow her any time to gather the money and wouldn't let her pay a portion upfront and the rest later.
"How can you hold a person hostage this way for $751?" she said.
"How was I supposed to live without water? Imagine what a toilet looks like after five days if it hasn't been flushed with a family of three living there."
The single mother of two says she spent everything she had, on top of borrowing money she needs to pay back in order to settle the bill.
"I paid the money. Now how am I supposed to feed my kids until my next paycheque comes in next week?"
Simon said she contacted her city councillor, John Orlikow, but hasn't heard back from him yet.
Orlikow told CBC he would look into her file and see what happened.
Bank of America struck a nerve this week when it announced it would charge many debit card users a $5 monthly fee when they shop. The company's stock price fell. Customers complained. One cable business anchor sliced up her debit card live on air.
Why such a public backlash over a few extra bucks a month?
Perhaps the bank's decision simply reminded us all over again that we are living increasingly in a fee-littered world, where companies continually seek out new ways to nibble away at our wallets by charging for the smallest of once-free services, leaving many customers feeling nickel-and-dimed.
“The proliferation of a la carte fees has inundated the economy,” said Ed Mierzwinski, consumer program director for the U.S. Public Interest Research Group. Companies “are inventing new fees; they are making it harder to avoid fees; they are increasing the fees. . . . It's much more complicated to be a consumer.”
Bank of America's new debit card fee, which also has been tested or implemented by other banks, joins a long and growing list of similar charges that consumers now encounter in the course of daily life. Among them: airline baggage fees, hotel Internet fees, “convenience charges” for concert and sporting tickets, ATM fees, bank teller fees, paper statement fees, fees hidden in phone and cable bills, taxicab fuel surcharges and exorbitant shipping and handling costs.
As many businesses find themselves squeezed by new regulations, rising fuel prices or the generally sluggish economy, they have sought new ways to extract more money from customers, despite the public relations hit that often results, said John Ulzheimer, president of consumer education at SmartCredit.com.
“If it's a meaningful amount of money, any organization is going to be willing to bite the bullet from a PR perspective,” Ulzheimer said. “These fees are not just randomly picked out of thin air.”
Rather, he said, companies often try to hit a pricing “sweet spot” in which the majority of customers will swallow their exasperation and pay up rather than enduring the hassle of switching their accounts and taking their business elsewhere. Most times, it works.
“It's absolutely a math equation: How many people am I going to lose?” Ulzheimer said. “I don't know that companies care so much about being loved; they care more that people continue to use them. What's important is the bottom line.”
That doesn't mean the tactic can't backfire.
In early September, the chief executive of Netflix issued an apology to customers after a substantial price increase that resulted in a a tidal wave of subscription cancellations.
It's little surprise that consumers feel slighted when something that used to be free — be it airline pretzels or hotel gyms — suddenly costs money. But the businesses behind those fees often argue that they simply are covering their costs.
Fox Business Network's Gerri Willis cut up her debit card on air last night to show her dissatisfaction with Bank of America's new policy.
Issuing and managing debit cards costs banks money. Hotels have to pay for the infrastructure for wireless Internet. Airlines constantly battle fuel costs. The New York Times has to pay reporters for the stories that used to be free but now reside behind a Web paywall.
Bank of America's debit card fee marks just one of the ways banks are modifying consumers' accounts in the wake of the financial crisis, which resulted in a regulatory overhaul for the banking system and a fundamental shift in the industry business model. Beginning Saturday, banks, for instance, will now get far less money each time a shopper swipes a debit card.
The need for new revenue sources is especially acute for Bank of America, the country's largest bank by assets. The company's stock price has been battered this year, as Bank of America faces a barrage of mortgage-related lawsuits and lingering doubts about its ability to managed its portfolio of troubled loans. The company has aggressively sought to cut costs and in recent weeks announced its plans to lay off 30,000 employees.
Even so, many customers have shown little sympathy for the bank's woes in the wake of news about the new monthly debit card fee.
“It's not fair,” Elizabeth Romero of the District said Friday outside a Bank of America branch in Capitol Heights. “I started looking into changing banks.”
Another local customer, Jacob Newman, expressed similar frustration. “Working people aren't getting any bailouts,” he said. “It seems like a tough measure to put on working people.”
Staff writers Sarah Halzack and Erica W. Morrison contributed to this report.
Matt Damon's Struggle To Stay Alive In The Martian's CinemaCon Footage Is Riveting By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
Kicking off the final day of
The footage began with a montage of shots featuring a giant NASA facility, the movie's all-star cast, as well as a few shots of what appears to be the surface of Mars, all with a voice over narration from Matt Damon's character, Mark Watney. The star explains that it is part of human nature to help each other out, be it forming search parties to find a hiker lost in the woods, or raising money for earthquake relief. He says that this is done in every country around the world "without exception."
From there, the reel launched into the plot of The Martian, with Jeff Daniels' Teddy Sanders stepping in front of a microphone during a press conference held in the aforementioned NASA facility. He explains that the organization has been tracking a giant storm about to hit a settlement on Mars, and that as a result they have been forced to abort their mission. Unfortunately, while most of the crew – including
Returning to the settlement, Watney (looking more than a little worse for wear) then begins to record a video message laying out all of the extreme challenges that he faces. After all, he has no way to communicate with NASA, is running out of supplies, and understands that knows that it would take about four years for a rescue mission to be planned and performed. Not willing to just roll over and die, though, he proclaims, "I'm left with only one option: I'm gonna need to science the shit out of this." (Despite the very dramatic material, the humor is what really surprised me the most about what was shown).
Starting his survival mission, he realizes that one of the first things he's going to need to do is cultivate four years-worth of food… albeit on a planet where absolutely nothing grows (this is paired with shots of Watney setting up a growth area, tilling land, and watering the dirt). Of course, he must also find some way to get in contact with NASA and alert them that he's alive and that they need to come back for him. Luckily, in this task he finds himself successful, as we see Chastain's character, Melissa Lewis, receiving what appears to be a video message from the surface of Mars featuring a sign reading "Are you receiving me?" Watney is clearly able to register this received message on his end, as he lets out an excited yell and says, "In your face, Neil Armstrong!"
From there the footage featured clips going back and forth from the events on Earth and on Mars, with Lewis bringing her team together and explaining that they are basically going to commit mutiny, and that the rescue mission will be one filled with peril and a high possibility of death. Watney, meanwhile, marks the days he's been stuck on a wall, and contemplates the very real possibility that he will not survive. The reel ended with a reporter at the press conference asking Teddy Sanders if there is a chance that Mark Watney is still alive – which leaves Sanders silent and averting his gaze.
Thanks to both the actors in the cast and the plot driving the movie, in recent months many people have made comparisons between The Martian, Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity, and Christopher Nolan's Interstellar, but the CinemaCon footage definitely made the upcoming feature look like it is its own thing, and a project to anticipate in the final months of 2015. We'll see if Ridley Scott can deliver something cool and new when the film hits theaters on November 25th. As many great films as Ridley Scott has made in a wide variety of genres, he will arguably be forever known for his contributions to science-fiction. After all, the guy did make both Alien and Blade Runner , unquestionably two of the most influential and iconic sci-fi stories ever told in cinema. Later this year, the filmmaker will once again try an leave an indelible mark on the genre with the release of The Martian - an adaptation of the book of the same name by Andy Wier - and earlier today we got a look at the movie's very first footage.Kicking off the final day of CinemaCon – the annual Las Vegas-based expo for theater owners – 20th Century Fox held their big studio presentation this morning in The Colosseum at Caesar's Palace, and a debut sizzle reel from Ridley Scott's next film was screened as a special treat at the end of the event. It was introduced by a video from Matt Damon , and while we got to see maybe only three minutes of actual clips from the movie, the feature looks like it could wind up being one of 2015's finest.The footage began with a montage of shots featuring a giant NASA facility, the movie's all-star cast, as well as a few shots of what appears to be the surface of Mars, all with a voice over narration from Matt Damon's character, Mark Watney. The star explains that it is part of human nature to help each other out, be it forming search parties to find a hiker lost in the woods, or raising money for earthquake relief. He says that this is done in every country around the world "without exception."From there, the reel launched into the plot of The Martian, with Jeff Daniels' Teddy Sanders stepping in front of a microphone during a press conference held in the aforementioned NASA facility. He explains that the organization has been tracking a giant storm about to hit a settlement on Mars, and that as a result they have been forced to abort their mission. Unfortunately, while most of the crew – including Jessica Chastain , Sebastian Stan, Kate Mara, and Michael Pena – were successfully able to reach an escape vehicle, the same could not be said for Mark Watney, who Sanders said died on the surface of Mars. This is not actually true, however, as we then see Watney waking up from being unconscious on the surface of the Red Planet.Returning to the settlement, Watney (looking more than a little worse for wear) then begins to record a video message laying out all of the extreme challenges that he faces. After all, he has no way to communicate with NASA, is running out of supplies, and understands that knows that it would take about four years for a rescue mission to be planned and performed. Not willing to just roll over and die, though, he proclaims, "I'm left with only one option: I'm gonna need to science the shit out of this." (Despite the very dramatic material, the humor is what really surprised me the most about what was shown).Starting his survival mission, he realizes that one of the first things he's going to need to do is cultivate four years-worth of food… albeit on a planet where absolutely nothing grows (this is paired with shots of Watney setting up a growth area, tilling land, and watering the dirt). Of course, he must also find some way to get in contact with NASA and alert them that he's alive and that they need to come back for him. Luckily, in this task he finds himself successful, as we see Chastain's character, Melissa Lewis, receiving what appears to be a video message from the surface of Mars featuring a sign reading "Are you receiving me?" Watney is clearly able to register this received message on his end, as he lets out an excited yell and says, "In your face, Neil Armstrong!"From there the footage featured clips going back and forth from the events on Earth and on Mars, with Lewis bringing her team together and explaining that they are basically going to commit mutiny, and that the rescue mission will be one filled with peril and a high possibility of death. Watney, meanwhile, marks the days he's been stuck on a wall, and contemplates the very real possibility that he will not survive. The reel ended with a reporter at the press conference asking Teddy Sanders if there is a chance that Mark Watney is still alive – which leaves Sanders silent and averting his gaze.Thanks to both the actors in the cast and the plot driving the movie, in recent months many people have made comparisons between The Martian, Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity, and Christopher Nolan's Interstellar, but the CinemaCon footage definitely made the upcoming feature look like it is its own thing, and a project to anticipate in the final months of 2015. We'll see if Ridley Scott can deliver something cool and new when the film hits theaters on November 25th. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
v-curious The case for imperfect veganism
On the night of Donald Trump's election, I was eating guacamole directly out of a Tupperware, conveying it to my mouth via the scrappy tortilla chips from the bottom of the bag.
“This is very good guac,” I announced to my increasingly somber date as Wolf Blitzer declared Florida red. “Lots of lime!”
All of the food on the buffet table at the party had some sort of election-themed pun name. There was definitely something about Nasty Women and The Wall, and probably something Bigly. I couldn't eat pretty much any of it, except the guacamole — its punny name lost to the sands of time and my numbed brain — because exactly 27 days before the Worst Day of 2016, I had decided to go vegan for a month.
When Pennsylvania, my home state, went for Trump, the question of whether to forego the joys of scrambled eggs seemed like the most meaningless thing in the world. But also, suddenly, it was one of the more stable things in my life.
Hmmm, I thought the next morning, after plowing through 50 Kleenex, Where should I get my breakfast smoothie today?
Maybe I will get Chipotle for lunch! Sofritas?! I pondered, trying not to meet the puffy eyes of everyone else who had clearly spent the morning weeping.
By the time I got into bed on Nov. 9, I was a damp shell. But I realized that I had made it through the day without eating a single animal product or even thinking about eating an animal product.
Well. That's something. And then I slept for 11 hours.
I launched my month of veganism on Yom Kippur, the Jewish Day of Atonement. The date was an intentionally ironic choice to atone for the sins of my eating past.
What sins does veganism address? In a nutshell, cruelty to animals and carboning up the climate via emissions-heavy animal agriculture — both of which are, in fact, Jewish sins.
Did I succeed in eliminating any and all animal products during my 30 days of veganism? (Actually, it was 35, but who's counting!) Almost, but not quite — mostly due to mistake. Early on, I honestly believed that “vanilla milk” in a smoothie was a product of the bean itself, like its almond brethren. It's not. A piece of fancy toast was advertised as being sweetened solely with jam but was absolutely slathered with butter, too. I had a strict “don't ask, don't tell” policy vis-à-vis any fish sauce in my takeout tofu eggplant stir-fry.
There are a couple of “on-the-fence” vegan foods, which include honey and oysters. I read the arguments for and against them and decided I could occasionally eat both. The idea of living through cold and cough season without honey was too torturous for me to fathom.
The Vegan Bros, who promote veganism as a means to better fitness, advocate a similar tactic. Though Matt and Phil Letten are brothers, they are also, in the spirit of bros everywhere, human endorphins. When speaking with them, it is hard not to think: If this lacrosse locker-room ebullience is the product of a plant-based diet, I want in. Which is, of course, their goal.
To the Bros, Americans' love of animals and hatred of animal cruelty will usher in “the age of the new vegan.” When I ask them what that means, the answer is a verbal relay race — they finish each other's sentences so quickly, it's basically impossible to tell who's talking:
“The [vegan] stereotype of the past was maybe someone more hippie, feminine —”
“— you know, scrawny, that kind of —”
“But nowadays, it's a cross-section of society where you have police officers, military, investment bankers, pilots —”
“— grandparents —”
“— people who go to church every single Sunday! Now it fits everyone.”
The Bros take an inclusive approach to veganism: “We cast a big tent, and the goal is to bring people in. [We don't] define vegan in this very stringent, hardcore way that is inaccessible to people.”
They're definitely onto something. In November, Quartz chronicled the transition that the animal welfare lobbying group The Humane Society made in its messaging: Less emphasis on no animal-derived products under any circumstances, and more on fewer, better-raised animal products. The idea is that by getting consumers to demand more responsibly raised meat, as opposed to no meat at all, more animals would be saved in the long run.
This isn't a new idea — you may have seen meat-reductionist philosophies show up in the form of such dietary terms as “reducetarian,” “climatarian,” and even “vegavore.” But its growing dominance among vegans — and those who have advocated veganism — is pretty new.
The best way to achieve vegan goals, it turns out, might not be to push perfect veganism at all.
The majority of my family and friends — largely of the climate-minded, Big Mac-abstaining persuasion — were semi-horrified to learn of my experiment. Their responses ranged from: “Oh my god, you're going to be so hungry,” to “How can we go out to eat together?” to “Is this going to make you less hot?” Pressing concerns, as you can see.
The day before the election, I had a conversation with Peter Singer, famed ethicist and author of the vegan bible Animal Liberation. His assessment of those reactions: “I think probably they feel threatened by it. They don't want to change. If other people around them, their peers, are changing, then that points a finger at them.”
Get Grist in your inbox Always free, always fresh. The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you. See our privacy policy
Vegans have a reputation for finger pointing, illustrated by a recent angry backlash against a couple of vegan restaurant owners who were revealed to raise and slaughter cows for personal use.
“The reason we're so upset is that veganism is a belief system,” said one protester. “You are patronizing a restaurant that you think has that philosophy, and it turns out it doesn't.”
But perhaps the idea of veganism as a philosophy, as opposed to a practice, is what's working against it. A practice is something that you will occasionally screw up, but that's fine, because you're working on it every day. If you screw up a philosophy — like a religion — you have exhibited some form of moral failing. A slip-up becomes a sin. And if one has to be perfect in veganism, why try it at all? Perfect, after all, is impossible.
That's how Singer describes it: “It starts to approximate to a religious attitude toward what you eat. It's reminiscent to laws about kosher eating, or something like that — where any little lapse is as big as a much larger lapse, and I think that's not what this is about. What I see it as about is reducing your impact on climate change, reducing your support for industries based on cruelty to animals.”
I asked if he sees that as a more helpful tack in converting people to veganism.
“Converting sounds a little too religious,” he countered. “It's just persuading people to reduce or eliminate meat from their diets.”
Meredith Leigh is an advocate for sustainable food with a focus on ethically produced meat. She's an author, a farmer, a butcher — and an ex-vegan. In November, Leigh found herself on the end of a vegan harassment campaign that included doxxing her personal email address and phone number. The Let Live Coalition, an animal welfare organization, successfully opposed a butchering workshop that Leigh was set to lead.
Leigh continues to support the vegan cause because she says their goal is the same: to do away with the current, conventional model of animal agriculture. But there are a select few — a radical fringe minority, she emphasizes — within the movement that ascribe to a form of “dietary fundamentalism.”
“I think for the vegan fundamentalists, their dietary fundamentalism is tied to their moral fundamentalism — that no beings should die in service of your food,” she says. “And there are a million ways to argue with the practicality of that claim.
“But we have this culture where all of a sudden, if I disagree with you, I'm automatically undermining you. And we're seeing it everywhere, you know.”
Leigh describes conversations she had with both vegans and ethical meat advocates after the election in which both were similarly distraught by the Trump victory. And yet, she still finds herself in the crosshairs of a group that ultimately wants the same things that she does.
In one month of veganism, I didn't learn the great secret to self-discipline or reinventing oneself or even butterless, eggless banana bread.
I did, however, try something that could have a big impact if it felt more accessible — and less dogmatic — to more people. I truly do not know if this approach can universally extend to the newer, scarier parts of my life — and every American's life — but it's probably worth a shot.
Food is so personal, such a visceral need, that it can elicit near-uncontrollable levels of emotion. Talk to me six hours past my last meal, and that will be abundantly clear. But there is something to be said for applying reason, restraint, and an open mind to the parts of your life within your very own sphere of control — like, you know, eating — right now, in a world when everything else feels so far beyond it.
Watch this video for tips and tricks for eating a more plant-based diet:
Illustrations by Amelia Bates.
Once, as many as 2 million lesser prairie chickens occupied the grass and shrublands of the midwestern and southwestern United States. Today, however, just some 22,000 birds remain as a result of habitat loss and other threats. They occupy about 16% of the species' historic range. In 2012 and 2013, a punishing drought hit the heart of the bird's territory, resulting in a decision to list it as threatened under the federal Endangered Species Act. The decision has fueled an urgent $5 million effort, stretching across five states and involving nearly 100 researchers, to learn more about this relatively mysterious bird and save it from extinction. More is at stake than the fate of a single showy bird, whose home range coincides with the heartland of American agriculture and the epicenter of an energy boom. The research effort could help generate tens of millions of dollars to protect prairie habitats—and determine how lucrative industries that employ thousands of people will operate in prairie chicken country. It will test the scientific, political, and economic feasibility of a controversial Obama administration plan to give state governments and private landowners a bigger voice in endangered species management. And it could provide a valuable template for resolving a much bigger looming battle over the fate of another rangeland bird: the sage grouse. "That's the scary and exciting part about doing this work right now," says ecologist Andrew Gregory of Bowling Green State University in Ohio. "We're doing work that matters [and is] going to feed directly into management recommendations." The effort is surrounded by controversy. Some members of Congress are trying to block the conservation effort, and at least a dozen industry groups, four states, and three environmental groups are challenging it in federal court. Not surprisingly, industry groups and states generally argue it goes too far; environmentalists say it doesn't go far enough. "The federal government is giving responsibility for managing the bird to the same industries that are pushing it to extinction," says one critic, biologist Jay Lininger of the Center for Biological Diversity in Ashland, Oregon.
To read the full story, see the 19 June issue of Science.
Research on inequality usually looks at fairly static social structures like schools, transport, healthcare, or jobs. But sometimes glaring inequality can be quite fleeting, as researchers Katherine DeCelles and Michael Norton argue in a recent PNAS article. Their example? Coming face to face with just how awful airplane economy class is in comparison to first class.
DeCelles and Norton wanted to study whether exposure to this kind of inequality could prompt people to behave badly. They looked at records of “air rage” incidents, where “abusive or unruly” passengers threaten staff or fellow travelers. “Popular explanations for air rage include crowded planes, frustrating delays, and shrinking seats,” they write—but they suspected these explanations are missing something.
They suggest that when people fly in economy class, their position in the social hierarchy becomes glaringly obvious. This fact is especially so if they have to walk through the first class section of the plane to get to their assigned space in a cramped hell.
It's this reminder of occupying a low place in the pecking order that makes people act out, they write: “Exposure to these forms of inequality can trigger antisocial behavior." The researchers think it's likely to cause a problem for first class passengers, too. Previous research has suggested that downward social comparisons can bring out nasty behavior in advantaged individuals, so they propose that first class passengers who watch economy class passengers traipse through the cabin might also be more prone to obnoxious behavior.
When DeCelles and Norton looked at all the air rage incidents reported by an anonymous airline over millions of flights, they found evidence for both of these hypotheses—along with indications of how factors like flight delays increase the risk of air rage. On flights with a first class cabin, the chance of an air rage incident was 3.84 times greater than on a flight without one. That's about the same increase in risk as a flight with a 9.5-hour delay.
If the passengers boarded from the front of the plane and walked through first class rather than directly into economy class, the chance of an economy class incident was 2.18 times greater. But this pales in comparison to the rage that having the riff-raff wander through their cabin apparently causes first class passengers: the chance of a first class air rage incident on front-boarding flights was 11.86 times greater.
This research might have bearing on bigger questions. If DeCelles and Norton are right, it would mean that researchers need to include a new factor in their thinking about inequality. For instance, criminologists who study the impact of social class on violent crime rates might also need to look at how visible inequality is made in different contexts.
As always, the results will need to be replicated in other research. However, even if it does replicate with data from other airlines, the explanation offered by the authors needs a lot more evidence. What the research shows is that something to do with first class—whether just having a first class cabin on board or actually walking through it—is related to a higher rate of air rage. But there's a black box in between that apparent cause and the extra rage that still needs to be explained. A reminder of social inequality is one possibility for what's in the box, but there are other options.
For instance, the discomfort of crowds, delays, and cramped conditions (not to mention screaming children, tinny music leaking from headphones, and interesting smells) could also become more salient after witnessing the calm and luxury of first class. Becoming aware of how comfortable flying could be might make those discomforts harder to ignore. To really settle on an explanation, it's necessary to manipulate the possibilities so that we can tease apart the effects of inequality from pure physical discomfort.
PNAS, 2016. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1521727113 (About DOIs).
Can't we have it all? A cool city, vibrant economy and affordable housing? Evidence from 100 metros says it's tough.
Sometimes I hear people fed up with Seattle's housing prices wondering where they could move. There's always someplace such as Youngstown, Ohio. Housing is cheap but say goodbye to a vibrant economy, especially in tech, one of the few sectors to see real growth in this recovery. You get what you pay for.
But consider Oklahoma City, Omaha, Neb., and Des Moines, Iowa. The three metros offer affordability, economic strength and quality of life.
Joshua Lehner, an economist in the Oregon Office of Economic Analysis, lays out the challenge in his ingenious Venn diagram above on the “housing trilemma.” The bottom line is that unless you want to live in these cities of the plains, it's difficult to have these three qualities intersect in a metro today.
“The reason these tradeoffs exist is mostly, but not entirely, due to market forces,” Lehner writes. “People want to live in cities with a strong economy and high quality of life. Increased demand for housing leads to higher prices and lower affordability. Nice places to live get their housing costs bid up due to strong demand. The opposite is true as well. Regions with underperforming economies and a lower quality of life do have better affordability.”
Seattle performs well in two of the three (you know where we fall short). Interestingly, Portland falls even further out of the affordability circle, below even San Francisco. All in the “cool city” profile. Of course policy, such as a resistance to building and density, plays a role, too.
You can read Lehner's entire post and download the Excel data for individual metros here.
The U.S. State Department and Pentagon ordered the families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel Tuesday to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country.
SEE ALSO: The dark forces behind the attack in Turkey
The two agencies said dependents of American staffers at the U.S. consulate in Adana, the Incirlik air base and two other locations must leave. The so-called "ordered departure" notice means the relocation costs will be covered by the government.
In a statement, the military's European Command said the step "allows for the deliberate, safe return of family members from these areas due to continued security concerns in the region."
.BREAKING NEWS: SECDEF authorized the ordered departure of all #military dependents from #Turkey. Learn more at https://t.co/QCqBJR70OD — U.S European Command (@US_EUCOM) March 29, 2016
The orders cover the Adana consulate, U.S. military dependents in Incirlik, Ismir and Mugla as well as family of U.S. government civilians at Ismir and Mugla. The State Department also restricted official travel to that which it considers "mission critical."
The move comes amid heightened security concerns throughout Turkey due to the ongoing fight against Islamic State militants in neighboring Syria and Iraq and was accompanied by an updated travel warning advising U.S. citizens of an increased threat of attacks. It also comes as Turkey's president is set to arrive in Washington to attend President Barack Obama's nuclear security summit.
"We understand this is disruptive to our military families, but we must keep them safe and ensure the combat effectiveness of our forces to support our strong ally Turkey in the fight against terrorism," the European Command statement said.
Incirlik is a critical base in the fight by the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State group, and includes strike aircraft, drones and refueling planes.
NEW: U.S. State Dept. issues travel warning for Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups." pic.twitter.com/K6W35OhGyw — ABC News (@ABC) March 29, 2016
Turkey's decision last year to allow the coalition to conduct airstrikes with aircraft based at Incirlik shortened the time and distance required to conduct airstrikes in Syria and Iraq, compared with strikes flown from bases in the Persian Gulf area. And it increased the number of U.S. personnel at the base.
NATO's Allied Land Command is based at Ismir and there is a Turkish base at Mugla where some U.S. military personnel go for training and other missions.
It was not immediately clear how many family members would be affected in total. The Pentagon said the order would affect about 680 military family members and roughly 270 pets. The State Department and Pentagon had begun a voluntary drawdown of staff at the two posts last September after Turkey announced it would take a greater role in the fight against Islamic State militants.
US issues travel warning for Americans in #Turkey: USG staff restricted to "mission critical" activities in Izmir. pic.twitter.com/YrsJWOC5vE — Jon Williams (@WilliamsJon) March 29, 2016
At the time, military officials said they had recommended the voluntary departure from Incirlik because of specific calls by militants for lone wolf attacks against the air base.
On Monday, Secretary of State John Kerry met with Turkish Foreign Mevlut Cavusoglu. State Department spokesman John Kirby said the two discussed measures to secure the Turkey-Syria border and disrupt extremist networks.
According to a U.S. official, the decision to order families to leave stemmed from the ongoing assessment of security threats in Turkey. The official was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly so spoke on condition of anonymity.
The decision comes a day after Israel issued a new travel advisory for Turkey, warning its citizens to leave the country as soon as possible and avoid any traveling there.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Segawa Tatsuya aka Deeptuber was previously heavily involved with the legendary Japanese label Hydeout Productions as the touring DJ and opening act for the late great Nujabes (RIP). Nowadays, Tatsuya has begun to release his own style of jazz hop through newly formed label Roph Recordings, formed by himself and Takumi Koizimi (former manager of Hydeout) and closely linked with Uyama Hiroto.
This guest mix from Deeptuber is an eclectic selection ranging from Detroit house and neo soul to progressive jazz hop beats and straight jazz. Though Nujabes may have left this universe, his legacy lives on not only through the artists he influenced around the world, but also directly through his close friends and collaborators, who continue making evocative jazz and hip hop fusion experiments through labels Roph Recordings and Rockwell Product Shop. Hip Hop is forever.
My day has been almost completely consumed today by my morbid fascination with a Disney related tweet that has just gone viral. It has left me with so many questions. How can something like this happen at the happiest place on Earth? Last night @thedisneychef was kind enough to share with the internet something she witnessed at Walt Disney World in Florida. Brace yourselves, this story is just awful.
After a great day watching Fantasmic and enjoying some rides at Disney's Hollywood Studios (I'm going to assume multiple re-rides of Aerosmith's Rock 'n' Roller Coaster for my own amusement), @thedisneychef headed out front to catch one of the Disney buses and kick back in her hotel room. Whilst queuing, she noticed a 20 something girl sobbing (described as "ugly crying") and walking along with a guy trailing a few feet behind her, occasionally making feeble efforts to comfort her. We'll call her Disney Girl. The presumably kind-hearted gentleman makes a further few attempts to comfort Disney Girl before she explodes with "I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU FLEW ME TO DISNEY WORLD JUST TO BREAK UP WITH ME!" Wait for it... "ON MY BIRTHDAY!". And it gets worse...
Above: The original Twitter story shared by @thedisneychef (page 1 of 3)
The tragedy unfolds as our damsel in distress goes on to say "I thought you were going to propose". Evidently not. After the commotion calms down and our gentleman-turned-douchebag makes more of an effort to console Disney Girl, he then breaks away from the queue for their bus to one of Disney's All-Star resort hotels. She asks him in confusion where he is going and his reply is... "Well... Baby... I got my own room..."
I'll let that sink in for a moment.
"WHAT?" She quite rightly screams. Sir Douchebag (I've decided he deserves a knighthood for outstanding services to douchebaggery) then goes on to offer to pay for the rest of her trip and explains he has booked his OWN room at the Grand Floridian Resort & Spa! Now let me put this into context for you U.K readers. Disney's All-Star resorts, whilst being fantastic Disney hotels in and of themselves, are the Disney equivalent of a Premier Inn. The Grand Floridian, however, is the Disney equivalent of a Hilton. It is Disney's deluxe hotel and one of the top resorts in the Orlando area for that matter.
Photo I took of Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa main lobby in March 2017. Note: Grand. Freaking. Piano.
Anyway, after more tears are shed, IT GETS WORSE. Yes my friends, marvel as Sir Douchebag is escalated to GRAND INQUISITOR, LORD OF ALL DOUCHEBAGS. As she begs and pleads with him for an explanation to all of this madness, douchebag explains that he'd brought her to Walt Disney World as he knows it's her favourite place in the whole wide world and he felt it would cushion the blow... It is getting REALLY ugly at this point. Disney Girl then proceeds to call for a taxi and states she is staying at the Grand Floridian and demands douchebag leaves her alone. He then goes on to beg her NOT to stay at the Floridian because "people are waiting there for him." At this point, thankfully, some Disney cast members arrive to take control of the situation.
Now public opinion appears to be divided on the last part, but the majority of people are going with the theory that douchebag had another female friend waiting for him back at the Floridian. However this entire story leaves me with so many questions!
- What happened to Disney Girl, is she okay?
- Who exactly was waiting for Sir Douchebag?
- What did the cast members do to resolve the situation?
- Who was she? How long had they been together?
- Did he plan this entire thing in advance?
- Did she continue her week at Disney World?
- Why ON HER BIRTHDAY of all days?
It then got me thinking of another question. How many other tragic stories are there that took place on Disney property? You know, the happiest place on Earth. I put a tweet out and scoured @thedisneychef's feed as more and more came to light. Do you need a hug yet? You will do.
First there was this.
Then this came to light.
Then this reared it's ugly head.
At this point the internet's dark side started emerging from the depths, so I had to stop reading. I can't imagine all of this fits in with Walt's dream too well either. I like to think that Disney worked their magic and were able to pull out all the stops to either give Disney Girl an amazing time by herself e.g a backstage tour or something, or get her home safe and well. I, like you, am I begging to know what happened to Disney Girl just so I can sleep at night. I am also (like you presumably?) semi-shocked by all the tragic things a select few people have experienced there. Fortunately, the good far outweighs the bad and I'll be around soon to share some happy experiences of mine and my wife's from Disney World.
Here's a picture of me and my friends on Splash Mountain just so you know it's not all that bad. Except for those two at the front, maybe they have a story to share?
If you're reading this Disney Girl (probably not) or if anyone reading this knows who this mystery girl is, please, please put her in touch with me cptnmingo@gmail.com . She is out there somewhere and I just have to know, as does the rest of those affected by this heartbreaking tale, did it end okay? Since the post had gone viral there was a heart-warming out-pouring of love for mysterious Disney Girl. Some offering to take her on upcoming trips to Disney parks, others offering her the chance to hang out with their group instead of Sir Douchebag in future. I think Disney Girl deserves a chance to tell her side of the story. We're all behind you Disney Girl. And we all love you, wherever you may be, whoever you are.
I'd like to thank @thedisneychef for sharing this story and fully encourage you to check out her website www.thedisneychef.com for some awesome Disney recipes, some of which we'll be trying to make very soon!
If you enjoyed this blog then be sure to subscribe over on the left hand sidebar and be the first to know when the next post is online for your enjoyment. Also, come say hello to me on Twitter! I'm @cptnmingo and I'd love some company.
Enlarge By Seth Perlman, AP Attorney Ed Genson, representing Gov. Rod Blagojevich, dismisses transcripts. Lawyer: Ill. governor wiretaps illegally obtained SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP)  A lawyer for Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich told state lawmakers Thursday that the federal wiretaps at the heart of the pay-to-play allegations against his client were illegally obtained, and therefore should be kept out of any impeachment proceedings. The wiretaps are crucial to the federal charges filed against Blagojevich last week. Prosecutors say they caught the Democratic governor discussing efforts to auction off Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat and pressure a hospital executive for campaign donations. ILLINOIS LATEST: Court rejects attempts to remove governor Genson told the impeachment committee that it shouldn't consider any material from the wiretaps, saying the evidence was "illegally obtained." Earlier on MSNBC, Genson said the governor maintains his innocence: "He's telling me that he's not guilty, he's telling me that he wants to fight." The panel was expected to hear later Thursday from the state's top internal watchdog, who says his own past probes of the Blagojevich administration have turned up improper contracts, incomplete records and sloppy handling of tax money. Meanwhile, Attorney General Lisa Madigan denied a request by Genson to have the state pay for Blagojevich's impeachment defense. The move was all the more significant because Genson said federal officials are seeking to freeze the governor's campaign fund — $3.6 million as of June — a source Blagojevich could tap to pay his legal bills. Madigan's office said the impeachment review is a case against Blagojevich's capacity as governor and isn't a court action — a classification that doesn't entitle the governor to taxpayer-funded legal representation. Genson also appeared before the House panel Wednesday and challenged it on multiple fronts. He said three members should be removed, the committee's rules should be changed and it should not consider accusations in a criminal complaint against the governor. Blagojevich, who left his home Thursday morning without speaking to reporters, has been under siege since his arrest last week. He got some good news Wednesday when the court rejected Madigan's claim that the governor's legal troubles made him unfit to serve. The court's decision renewed calls from Republicans for a special election to choose Obama's successor in the Senate. They argue that neither Blagojevich nor Lt. Gov. Patrick Quinn — who would take over if Blagojevich goes — should be allowed to make the appointment. Genson said he doesn't expect Blagojevich will make an appointment. "Harry Reid said that they're not going to accept anybody he picks," said Genson, referring to the Senate majority leader. "Why would he do that?" Blagojevich spokesman Lucio Guerrero said he didn't know if Genson was correct about the governor's intentions. The Illinois House has appointed a 21-member committee to review the possibility of impeachment. The panel, divided 12-9 between Democrats and Republicans, will recommend whether the full House should move to impeach Blagojevich. If that happened, the state Senate would then decide whether the governor is guilty. Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Nearing its 100-day mark, the Trump administration is embroiled in battles on several fronts: how to replace the Affordable Care Act, overhaul the tax code and fund a wall along the Mexico border.
Now, President Trump and Republican leaders in Congress are opening another potentially explosive door: gutting Obama-era Wall Street regulations.
On Wednesday, the House Financial Services Committee is scheduled to take up legislation that would slash many of the rules put in place by 2010's Dodd-Frank Act to rein in banks after the financial crisis. Trump has ordered three reviews of banking rules, including two last week. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is scheduled to deliver a report to Trump in June on which industry rules should be rolled back.
For Republicans, the effort could lead to a bit of redemption. Dodd-Frank became law with almost no Republican support, and conservative lawmakers say it has fallen short of Obama administration promises that it would discourage risky behavior by big banks and prevent another taxpayer bailout of failing institutions.
Yet their efforts to undo the law have already hit some speed bumps. With Congress tied up with complex efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, make significant changes to the tax code and pass a budget resolution to avoid a government shutdown, efforts to roll back Dodd-Frank have taken a back seat.
Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Tex.), chair of the Financial Services Committee, is pushing forward with legislation to effectively replace the 2010 law, and the bill is expected to come up for a House vote by mid-May. But Senate leaders have not indicated when they would take up the bill if it does pass, and many industry lobbyists say the measure could languish until late in the year or 2018.
Hensarling faces opposition from not only Democrats and consumer groups but also big-bank CEOs. Several industry leaders have said they do not support gutting the law, despite complaining for years about the regulatory burden.
“We have redesigned the way in which large financial institutions in this country function,” and reworking those regulations would add new uncertainty, Morgan Stanley chief executive James Gorman said recently . “I would not start again. That's a terrifying thought to start again, because what's going to replace it?”
Hensarling initially introduced the Financial Choice Act in 2016, a time when even supporters said it had little chance of passing while a Democrat held the White House. That changed after Trump's election. Industry lobbyists descended on Hensarling's Dallas office as the longtime lawmaker crafted his revisions.
At its core, the proposed legislation offers the country's nearly 6,000 banks a choice: If they want to avoid many of the regulatory burdens imposed by Dodd-Frank, they must significantly increase their emergency financial cushion. That way, even if they ran into financial trouble, the banks would have enough money to survive without taxpayers' help, Hensarling has said.
Hensarling's bill would also weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and repeal the “Volcker rule,” which restricts big banks' ability to make risky financial bets. And it would subject big banks less often to “stress tests” to prove they could survive economic turmoil.
Lawrence J. White, an economics professor at New York University's Stern School of Business, dubbed such proposals “outrageous.”
“Banks can change their portfolios relatively rapidly, which means they can get into trouble relatively rapidly,” he said. There should be more stress tests, not less, White argued. “The whole point is that these guys are big and systemic,” White said. “If they found themselves in an adverse scenario, the consequences are substantial.”
Another sticking point may be the “Durbin amendment,” which caps the fee banks charge retailers for processing debit-card transactions. Hensarling's bill would eliminate the provision, setting up a potential battle between the banking and retail industries.
Dozens of members of the major retail industry groups, the Retail Industry Leaders Association and National Retail Federation, plan Wednesday to descend on Capitol Hill to talk to lawmakers about the issue while the Financial Services Committee holds a hearing on Hensarling's bill. The industry is betting lawmakers will recoil at the prospect of the repeat of the bloody battle that took place in the Senate when the Dodd-Frank provision was originally debated years ago.
“The goal is to stop it in House,” said Austen Jensen, vice president for government affairs for the Retail Industry Leaders Association. “We want to be able to avoid that vote.”
It is unclear how wedded Hensarling is to repealing the provision, which the banking industry has complained has cost the industry — and its customers — billions. “I believe repeal of the Durbin Amendment belongs in the Financial CHOICE Act, but I recognize many Members of Congress are studying this issue and are listening to both sides,” Hensarling said in a statement.
Seven Public Speaking Tips from Presence and Persuasion Coach Gina Barnett
By Susan Cain
One of the steps in my Year of Speaking Dangerously was to make an appointment with the lovely Gina Barnett, a respected consultant who works with many CEOs and TED speakers. Gina is a former actor and playwright, whose goal is to teach non-actors what actors know about the body and voice. I found my first session with Gina to be surprisingly fun. Here's what I learned:
1) It's not about you. As a public speaker, you're in a service position: a teacher, a giver, an enlightener. Your job is to take care of the audience, not to be judged by it or even to entertain it. Young actors often make the same mistake as nervous public speakers: they want approval, they want to be loved. “The minute they get into that headspace,” warns graceful, doe-eyed Gina, “they're fucked.”
2) Why do some TED talks work better than others? The speakers who connect with the audience (1) are comfortable in their own skin, (2) are so present that they feel moment-to-moment shifts in the audience, and (3) delight in sharing what they have to offer. Great stage presence is the simple alignment of voice, body, and intention. Not so easy? Go to Point 3.
3) Change your point of view about yourself. Adopt new points of view outside your usual comfort zone that feel outrageous yet appealing. Gina gave me the example of one of her clients, a successful executive who came from an impoverished background and suffers from “impostor syndrome”—the disabling feeling that she's faking it and doesn't deserve her posh corner office. Gina asked her to shift her point of view by thinking of herself, if only for a little while, as imperious and queenly.
My own customary point of view is: “I love connecting with people through one-on-one conversations, but being up on stage feels inauthentic.”
So my new view, according to Gina, should be:
“I LOVE being on stage.” “Piece of cake.” “This is fun!”
“But what if these things aren't true?” I say.
“What's truth?” Gina answers, narrowing her eyes at me playfully. “Who knows what truth you're capable of? I suspect it's far more than you think.”
4) Your body can change your thoughts and feelings. If you relax your body, your head will follow suit. Here's how to do it yourself. Before you speak, try these exercises:
–Shake out every limb in your body. Wiggle it, shake it, dance it. This gets your blood flowing and makes you tingle all over.
–Stand up straight. Shift back and forth, putting your weight first on your heels, then on the balls of your feet. Find the place that's evenly distributed between both, then gently press your toes on the floor. This will give you the sensation of forward momentum.
–Yawn.
–Talk with your tongue out. You'll sound ridiculous, but it will loosen you up vocally.
5) Breathe correctly. When you inhale, your belly is supposed to expand like a balloon, and when you exhale, the balloon should deflate. Apparently I do the reverse, which is unusual and seemed to startle Gina.
If you think you might do the same, notice how you breathe while you're lying in bed at night, just before you fall asleep. Guaranteed, you'll be breathing correctly then. That's the relaxed you.
6) If your voice is soft or high, try this exercise. Inhale. Open your mouth dentist-wide, and say ah in a low tone, holding your belly as if you expect it to vibrate (it won't). Gina has to keep reminding me to keep my mouth wide open. I have trouble doing it because it feels impolite to me. All of Gina's exercises feel impolite, come to think of it, which is no doubt why I'm sitting in her office in the first place.
As I type this, I'm listening to Fiona Apple's “Criminal” (Fiona's an introvert too) and am struck by how unapologetically deep and low her voice is even as she sings a song whose lyrics are one big apology.
7) Notwithstanding Point 3, this is not about training yourself away from your true self. It's about letting your true self speak. It's about seeing your voice as an instrument—your own personal, idiosyncratic instrument—and learning to play it right. It's an empowering viewpoint. Working with Gina, I feel like a promising musician training to be a maestro. An introverted maestro!
How much time will it take to get to Carnegie Hall? I don't know. It doesn't matter. As with all such things, the fun is in the attempt.
*The above post previously appeared on Susan Cain's former blog, The Power of Introverts.
A daily chronicle of creativity in film, TV, music, arts and entertainment produced by Southern California Public Radio. Host John Horn leads the conversation, accompanied by the nation's most plugged-in cultural journalists.
Composing for film and video games wasn't Austin Wintory's first career choice. "I wanted to be a novelist," Wintory says. "Storytelling has always been at the forefront of my thinking."
Austin Wintory is the composer for the PlayStation game "ABZÛ." PlayStation
Wintory was inspired by composers and old film scores when he was younger, which ultimately led him to study music at University of Southern California. It was there that he met video game designer Jenova Chen. The two worked on a game called "Flow" for Chen's college thesis, which eventually was released on the PlayStation platform and launched both Chen and Wintory's career in the video game world.
Since then, Wintory has scored many films and video games. And he received a Grammy Award nomination for his work on "Journey," which was also designed by Chen. Wintory was the first composer to be nominated for a Grammy in the Visual Media category for a video game score.
This year, he scored two video games, one of which is the underwater indie game "ABZÛ." There are no bad guys, no missions to solve, and players don't die in the game. It's simply a game where you explore the ocean and all the animals and treasures it has to offer. Wintory describes it as a game "about the dream of scuba-diving more than the realities of scuba diving."
The Frame's James Kim spoke with Austin Wintory about how he went about writing the score for "ABZÛ," his instrumentation for the score, and why he constantly pushes himself musically and creatively.
INTERVIEW HIGHLIGHTS:
On the music inspiring the gameplay in "ABZÛ":
There's a moment in the game where you see the diver swimming in this diagonal alongside these giant blue whales. That was completely and totally designed around the music. I wrote it first based on what Matt Nava, our creative director, said he was envisioning for the scene, but just purely a verbal description. So I wrote this grand waltz because I was picturing this glorious scene of dancing with these incredible and majestic blue whales.
On going big and composing for seven harps in the game's score:
I'm a fan of unique and interesting colors. I'm also a fan of taking seemingly very normal colors and blowing them out into absurd proportion. For example, on "ABZÛ," I knew I wanted the rolling texting of the harp in the score. There's a thing they do that's called a bisbigliando, which is this continuous rustling of their strings that is a very attractive sound. But I thought, What if it's not one or two, but it's like a crowd of harps doing those kinds of gestures? So I had seven harps on "ABZÛ" that we recorded in London. It's a very normal sound, but seven of them is a little bit of a different animal.
Austin Wintory is a film and video game composer. Austin Wintory
On constantly striving to push himself:
I tend to beat up on myself really hard when I'm working because I ask myself questions like, Does this music have to exist? I know this sounds extremely lofty and probably cheesy, but I ask myself, Does this music actually contribute to the world being better? Because if it doesn't, then it's probably some form of masturbation, and who needs that? The point is that, if I'm just writing music as a form of self-aggrandizing, it's not doing anybody any good. For me, the inspiration to push myself is always in the form of, Is this worth having written? Meaning, is it worth someone's time to listen to?
"ABZÛ" is currently available on PlayStation 4 and Steam.
UPDATE: i remastered this vector with and without a background, so this is where i replace the old version, as well as my "au naturel apples" vectorfirst of all, i owe this vector to for giving me the applejack and applebloom references i needed to make iti told him hes one of the best helpers i ever had on DA, not to mention, the screencaps he uploads give me all kinds of ideas for my future vectorshe also helped me make my GIF series like i mentioned earlierso , i thank you for all you have been helping me with latelyso as for the vector, i had an epic idea like thisthe apple family wear each others headwear and neckweari had this idea long ago, but it took forever for me to get the references i needed to make the vector itselfand just thought i'd tell you this, i can make them all naked too, but of course, i wanted to make this more appropriate for apple family fansso how does this look?my little pony (c) hasbro and lauren faust
A recent survey from Gallup shows that Jeb Bush is the only candidate with a net unfavorable rating — even after he's aired millions of dollars of ads to promote his candidacy.
Since July, Bush's net favorable rating has gone from 27 points in to negative one point, according to the survey of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents.
https://twitter.com/charliespiering/status/695992284932800512/photo/1
That's even lower than Donald Trump, widely considered to be the most controversial candidate in the Republican field.
Forty-five percent of voters have an unfavorable view of Bush, ten points more than Trump. Ted Cruz has the lowest unfavorable ratings with 16 percent.
The Right to Rise Super PAC backing Bush raised more than $100 million last year and has spent about $60 million on ads so far tearing down Bush's opponents and promoting Bush – but with little to show for it.
Bush's team struggled after Donald Trump branded him as “low energy” early in the campaign season.
Trump has additionally mocked Bush for wasting millions running for president.
“Low energy candidate Jeb Bush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign,” Trump said in January. “Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!”
When I started out in my career, I was a good software developer and could write code and work with many complicated pieces of technology. But I didn't become good at influencing people until I began consulting a decade later.
The Circles of Influence
Stephen Covey's famous book “The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People”, introduces many powerful concepts for better work. I'd like to mention his concept of circles of influence, which is important for thinking about how to build consensus.
The first circle is the circle of control, and typically only includes yourself. If you have children, or subordinates, you may consider them within this circle. In most cases however, there is little you can actually control.
The second circle is the circle of influence, and is comprised usually of people on your software team who you already have good relationships with. These are people who will take your advice seriously, and expect you to influence them.
Get Your FREE Software Development Coaching Session
The last circle is the circle of concern, and includes people that we have no direct control over OR influence with. Influencing these people usually takes indirect influence through another person.
Who Can I Influence Already?
It makes sense, especially within the context of Stephen Covey's book and recommendations himself, that we focus on those we can influence first. If we already have great relationships, those should be the first people we bring over to our side with a decision.
Identifying Stakeholders of Your Circle of Influence
Because it often takes getting agreement from people outside our circle of influence, we next need to identify who these people are. We can typically influence them indirectly through the relationships we already have. If not, we can look to someone else we know, that knows this person already, to open a door to a conversation.
You May Need to Influence “Up the Ladder”
Many software companies can grow into a structure with multiple levels of people. Even when using agile development methods, communication across people continues to be a challenge. In addition to building consensus across our circle of influence at our level, we may need to get agreement UP the “ladder” of people in the company so we can reach consensus.
Beware of Team Dysfunctions
While attempting to influence others, it's common that due to past failures or trust issues, you may run into politics. The book by Patrick Lencioni, “The 5 Dysfunctions of a Team”, is a great resource to help you win back the support of difficult people and get everyone talking honestly again.
Related Resources and Videos
Watch/Listen/Read: How To Win Trust For Software Ideas
Buy 7 Habits of Highly Effective People
Buy The 5 Dysfunctions of a Team
Not to be confused with Sauropoda
Saurischia ( saw-RIS-kee-ə, meaning "reptile-hipped" from the Greek sauros (σαῦρος) meaning 'lizard' and ischion (ἴσχιον) meaning 'hip joint')[1] is one of the two basic divisions of dinosaurs (the other being Ornithischia). ‘Saurischia' translates to lizard-hipped. In 1888, Harry Seeley classified dinosaurs into two orders, based on their hip structure,[2] though today most paleontologists classify Saurischia as an unranked clade rather than an order.[3]
Description [ edit ]
All carnivorous dinosaurs (certain types of theropods) are traditionally classified as saurischians, as are all of the birds and one of the two primary lineages of herbivorous dinosaurs, the sauropodomorphs. At the end of the Cretaceous Period, all saurischians except the birds became extinct in the course of the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. Birds, as direct descendants of one group of theropod dinosaurs, are a sub-clade of saurischian dinosaurs in phylogenetic classification.[4]
Saurischian dinosaurs are traditionally distinguished from ornithischian dinosaurs by their three-pronged pelvic structure, with the pubis pointed forward. The ornithischians' pelvis is arranged with the pubis rotated backward, parallel with the ischium, often also with a forward-pointing process, giving a four-pronged structure. The saurischian hip structure led Seeley to name them "lizard-hipped" dinosaurs, because they retained the ancestral hip anatomy also found in modern lizards and other reptiles. He named ornithischians "bird-hipped" dinosaurs because their hip arrangement was superficially similar to that of birds, though he did not propose any specific relationship between ornithischians and birds. However, in the view which has long been held, this "bird-hipped" arrangement evolved several times independently in dinosaurs, first in the ornithischians, then in the lineage of saurischians including birds (Avialae), and lastly in the therizinosaurians. This would then be an example of convergent evolution, avialans, therizinosaurians, and ornithischian dinosaurs all developed a similar hip anatomy independently of each other, possibly as an adaptation to their herbivorous or omnivorous diets.[5]
Classification [ edit ]
Saurischian pelvis structure (left side)
Tyrannosaurus pelvis (showing saurischian structure – left side)
Ornithischian pelvis structure (left side)
Edmontosaurus pelvis (showing ornithischian structure – left side)
In his paper naming the two groups, Seeley reviewed previous classification schemes put forth by other paleontologists to divide up the traditional order Dinosauria. He preferred one that had been put forward by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1878, which divided dinosaurs into four orders: Sauropoda, Theropoda, Ornithopoda, and Stegosauria (these names are still used today in much the same way to refer to suborders or clades within Saurischia and Ornithischia).[2]
Seeley, however, wanted to formulate a classification that would take into account a single primary difference between major dinosaurian groups based on a characteristic that also differentiated them from other reptiles. He found this in the configuration of the hip bones, and found that all four of Marsh's orders could be divided neatly into two major groups based on this feature. He placed the Stegosauria and Ornithopoda in the Ornithischia, and the Theropoda and Sauropoda in the Saurischia. Furthermore, Seeley used this major difference in the hip bones, along with many other noted differences between the two groups, to argue that "dinosaurs" were not a natural grouping at all, but rather two distinct orders that had arisen independently from more primitive archosaurs.[2] This concept that "dinosaur" was an outdated term for two distinct orders lasted many decades in the scientific and popular literature, and it was not until the 1960s that scientists began to again consider the possibility that saurischians and ornithischians were more closely related to each other than they were to other archosaurs.
Although his concept of a polyphyletic Dinosauria is no longer accepted by most paleontologists, Seeley's basic division of the two dinosaurian groups has stood the test of time, and has been supported by modern cladistic analysis of relationships among dinosaurs.[6] One alternative hypothesis challenging Seeley's classification was proposed by Robert T. Bakker in his 1986 book The Dinosaur Heresies. Bakker's classification separated the theropods into their own group and placed the two groups of herbivorous dinosaurs (the sauropodomorphs and ornithischians) together in a separate group he named the Phytodinosauria ("plant dinosaurs").[7] The Phytodinosauria hypothesis was based partly on the supposed link between ornithischians and prosauropods, and the idea that the former had evolved directly from the latter, possibly by way of an enigmatic family that seemed to possess characters of both groups, the segnosaurs.[8] However, it was later found that segnosaurs were an unusual type of herbivorous theropod saurischian closely related to birds, and the Phytodinosauria hypothesis fell out of favor.
A 2017 study by Dr Matthew Grant Baron, Dr David B. Norman and Prof. Paul M. Barrett did not find support for a monophyletic Saurischia, according to its traditional definition. Instead, the group was found to be paraphyletic, with Theropoda removed from the group and placed as the sister group to the Ornithischia in the newly defined clade Ornithoscelida. As a result, the authors redefined Saurischia as "the most inclusive clade that contains D. carnegii, but not T. horridus", resulting in a clade containing only the Sauropodomorpha and Herrerasauridae. [9][10]
Owner Chander Malik (far right) and the Chapati House crew Khahlidra Levister Hadhazy
NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ–Daytime dwellers of downtown New Brunswick are no strangers to a quick grab-and-go lunch.
With options ranging from made-to-order subs to brick oven pizza, the lunch crowd can now add quick service Indian cuisine to their dining rotation.
Chapati House, a favorite on New York City's Upper West Side, recently opened its second outpost at 349 George Street in New Brunswick.
In a spirit similar to fellow George Street eateries Chipotle and The Counter, Chapati House offers guests a highly-customizable meal with speed and efficiency.
The menu guides patrons through an easy to follow pick-your-prep/protein/toppings process, with the end result taking no more than five minutes from start to cash register.
A variety of spiced chicken, lamb and vegetables can be had in a chewy fresh pressed Chapati wrap, atop rice, or salad.
From there, any number of combinations can be concocted thanks to an assortment of toppings and sauces. One could eat there every day for a month and not have the same thing twice, but the menu is not overbearing.
Considering the enormous repertoire of traditional Indian dishes, owner Chander Malik decided to focus on only nine.
“I chose the favorite dishes, good dishes, which I thought would work,” says Malik.
“This way my kitchen concentrates on those dishes only.”
“The concept is pretty simple actually,” explains Malik.
“I like to have [a place] where people can go out everyday to eat, where you get good food without much pretention. More and more people have less time, so my goal was to cook slow and serve quick.”
Traditional slow-cooking methods are utilized to produce such full-flavored entrees as lamb bhuna and daal maharani. However, the most significant inspiration for the Chapati House menu comes from Malik's own mother.
“The idea of the toppings pretty much is from my mother's dining table,” he says.
“She would always have pickled ginger, pickled radish, some others condiments so everybody can choose whatever. It's the same concept. That's how we eat, and that is how I [thought] we should put it together. The little variations make a huge difference.”
In addition to the wraps and bowls, Chapati House also offers a selection of snacks – although the word ‘snack' is an understatement.
Crispy shrimp popcorn are fried to potato chip crispness and liberally dusted with a proprietary blend of spices.
The only proper way to indulge is by dipping each tasty morsel into the sweet ginger sauce generously stationed at each table.
Papri chaat ia another not-to-miss snack that combines housemade fritters, potatoes, chickpeas, onion, tomato, and chat masala spice in a sauce of whipped yogurt, coriander, and tamarind.
As with most menu items, the level of spice can be dialed up or down.
To cool your palate, mango lassi and bottled mango nectar are on standby.
By far, the perfect punctuation to your meal will be the individually-portioned desserts and masala chai tea.
Catering and delivery are on the horizon, as are daily specials and online ordering.
Chapati House
349A George Street
732-416-8787
chapatihouseNJ.com
facebook.com/ChapatiHouseNJ
twitter.com/chapatihousenj
Chapati House is open Sunday through Thursday from 11:00 AM until 10:00 PM, and Friday and Saturday until 11:00 PM.
South Africa's Taste Holdings, which recently licenced global pizza giant, Domino's in the country, has signed an exclusive deal with Starbucks Coffee.
“For the first time in sub-Saharan Africa, Starbucks will open full-format stores bringing the entire range of its food and beverages, including its ethically-sourced Arabica coffee, to South African consumers,” Taste said in a trading statement on Tuesday (14 July).
According to the group, it will bring the brand to local shores from 2016.
Taste acquired the licence for Domino's in South Africa in 2014, and officially opened up several branches in the country with the aim of having 100 branches by 2016.
The group has since announced that it will be converting all of its Scooters Pizza and St Elmo's Pizza outlets into Domino's stores over time.
Starbucks is the latest US brand to be coming to South Africa, following the announcement that a local consortium, KK Doughnuts SA, would be bringing Krispy Kream doughnuts into the country.
More on South Africa
Krispy Kreme doughnuts to launch in South Africa
How much it costs to open a fast food franchise in South Africa
Biggest fast food chains in South Africa
The most fattening fast-food meals in SA
Videogames, Sensory Deletion, and The Shadow Government
Videogames have been in the mainstream for over 30 years now, yet it seems we still can't get through a year without the news media telling us “Those dadgum Intendo tapes are ruinin' the chillin's minds.”
Well, what if they're right? What if there's a game whose purpose is to burn away any capacity for dissent within you and transform you into a complaisant drone, devoid of any dreams, goals, or ambition, satisfied with whatever life hands you like a good do-bee?
The story of the mysterious arcade game Polybius suggests that this could be the case.
The Story
In 1981, a mysterious arcade cabinet suddenly started popping up around the suburbs of Portland, OR. The cabinet was solid black with one button, one joystick, and a marquee that read “Polybius.” Soon after it appeared, people started playing the machines and were immediately hooked. Word spread quickly, and lines constantly formed around the machines with people eager to play again. Owners of establishments which had these machines reported visits from mysterious men in black who would not collect marketing information or even quarters from the machines—they would only collect unknown data and leave. People who played Polybius reported that they experienced night terrors, amnesia, insomnia, memory loss, and even an inability to feel sadness1. The game is said to even be directly responsible for a few cases of suicide. Then, as suddenly as the machines appeared, they were gone. Many people who played the games eventually developed an aversion to videogames, and one even became an anti-videogame activist.
The first pieces of evidence for Polybius‘s existence were limited to this screenshot of the main screen:
And this black-and-white photo of a Polybius cabinet:
The cabinet picture corroborates reports that it was an all-black cabinet with simplistic controls. The screenshot gives little information except for introducing the game's designer, Sinnesloschen Inc. (which translates from German as “Sensory Delete”).
The Internet Has Their Say…
The story spread across the Internet in the early 2000s and, though its origins are not certain, the legend is thought to originate from a Usenet post. Eventually the story gained such notoriety that it even enjoyed a brief reference in an episode of The Simpsons.
The Internet being as it is, rumors started flying fast and furious with leads on Polybius‘s origins and where it is now.
Many people claimed to have a copy of the original Polybius ROM, but all of them refused to release it, most saying that, the budding philanthropists that they are, they were afraid of the adverse health effects they may loose upon the world. How thoughtful. (Though, a recreation of how people thought the game would play is available at http://www.sinnesloschen.com/, a Polybius tribute site.)
The game was said to have been developed by Ed Rotberg (Battlezone), though stories have surfaced that Atari and possibly Sega were also involved. Some claimed that Polybius's gameplay was similar to Atari's Tempest, except that it utilized strobe effects, and instead of you moving your character directly, it was the entire maze around it that moved, creating an optical tunnel effect.
One piece of information that was uncovered and has been largely accepted as part of the Polybius mythos comes from a 2006 comment that appeared on CoinOp.com's Polybius entry that purported to be written by Steven Roach, who identified himself as part-owner of Sinnesloschen. To summarize his post, Sinnesloschen was allegedly contracted by an unnamed company from the southern United States to develop a game they had an idea for. A story is told with great detail to attention about working environments, contracts, etc. Skip ahead a bit and the writer discusses a story about a kid who suffered an epileptic fit due to Polybius. However, they settled out of court, so no documentation exists. The “men in black” described in the story were explained as being company directors assessing the machines. If you want to read the full post, it's on the coinop.com listing for Polybius in the comments on this page.
Coinop.org reported in 2009 that they were going to Ukraine to research a lead they got about Polybius, and that they would report on their findings once they got back. Three years later nothing has been posted. I've contacted Coinop.org but have not received a response as of the time of publishing. If they get back to me afterward I will update this article with any information they give me.
…And Nothing of Value Was Gained
All this information is great and all, and it's a cool story—but does it hold water? First thing's first, we have to separate the wheat from the chaff and figure out, of the information provided after the story was posted, how much is legit.
Let's take a look at the two pictures that were originally released—the cabinet and the screenshot. Considering how easy these would be to Photoshop, it's hard to call them evidence at all, so those are out.
But what of Ed Rotberg of Battlezone fame's involvement? Well, it turns out he's been interviewed about this before, so take it from the man himself:
“…I can state with confidence that I never saw or heard of, and certainly never worked on any game called Polybius. I understand that my name has somehow gotten connected to this game (if it ever existed), and have even seen some sites that purport to show the screen display, ‘game play', etc. I have had nothing to do with any of those.” – Ed Rotberg2
So there goes Ed. We're almost back to where we started, except for one thing: Steven Roach. If you read the story, it's very detailed—but that's what I think tarnishes its credibility. The story is too detailed, like the author was really trying to anchor himself into the Polybius story and win over skeptics with a glut of facts. The fact that they worked in portacabins, details on what district of Portland the kid who had an epileptic fit lived in, the fact that playtesting figures were collated—are these the details you'd include if you were telling the story? Ones you'd consider important? Hell, after 25 years are these even details you'd remember?
Coinop.org seems to agree.
“Quick update, we just wanted to go on record here that Steven Roach is full of himself, and knows nothing about this game. We have it on good authority. No, Polybius is not a Tempest prototype. No, Polybius is not a vector game. Does the title screen look vector? No, it does not.”– coinop.org May 16, 2009.3
These, however, are just opinions, not proof. I searched around the Internet for proof of Steven Roach's identity and finally found it at the Retrogamer.net forums4.
It was a 150-post discussion, so I'll give you the play-by-play:
Steven Roach (Stevenroach) posts the same “I want to clear things up” spiel.
User, Space_Ace and others reply that they are skeptical.
Stevenroach answers some questions and says he may have more proof, but he will have to dig it up/get legal clearances.
Users ask what the game was about.
Stevenroach evades that “What's the game about?” question for about three posts. After being grilled a bit, he divulges the info. It was action based but with number puzzles.
Stevenroach gives the full backstory on the Sinneslöschen name—it was blurted out at the last minute by a co-worker when they were on the phone with their lawyer and needed to quickly come up with a business name.
name—it was blurted out at the last minute by a co-worker when they were on the phone with their lawyer and needed to quickly come up with a business name. Enter Porkpie, a user that immediately defends Stevenroach and demands people being skeptical of him to apologize.
Enter Baxter, a man with a background in the game industry who discusses why Polybius is very plausible and compliments Stevenroach's writing.
The conversation died for a few months at this point, so I feel this is a good time for me to comment on something I thought was very strange. If you buy this story, then this means that the company, Sinnesloschen, which means “Sensory Delete” in German, accidentally made a videogame that allegedly deletes senses. If that's the case, I'm going to start a company with this Steven Roach guy and we're going to name it after the German words for “Blow Jobs and Ice-Cream Sundaes,” and see what happens.
Also, if you look at the conversation, people really had to grill him to get any information out of him about the game. Even very vague information—people were saying “just tell me if it was puzzle or action,” and it took quite a while for him to come out with it. That's suspicious for someone who wanted to “set the record straight.”
Anyway, skip ahead a few months; the thread is revived and someone notices something important: that Stevenroach, Space_ace, Porkpie and Baxter—the most active commenters in the thread—have a suspiciously similar writing style. (And they do. Stevenroach, Space_ace and Porkpie, for example, all double space at the end of their post and sign their name. That's uncommon in forums.) A mod researches and verifies that Stevenroach, Space_ace, Porkpie and Baxter are all coming from the same IP.
I'd say this pretty well debunks the whole Steven Roach story, but I'm nothing if not a good skeptic, so I'll entertain the idea that it's possible that the Stevenroach commenting on those forums isn't the same as the original one from the Coinop.com messages. This seems a bit unlikely, though—the writing styles between the retrogamer.net and coinop.org personalities are very similar. His writing is reasonably eloquent, but a giveaway is that it's overly descriptive, a desperate attempt to make his story seem anchored in reality. However, I think the case-closer here is the more damning fact that the retrogamer.net user Space_Ace, who was later found to be Stevenroach, registered his handle on March 17, 2006, three days before the Steven Roach post appeared on CoinOp.com. This soundly puts to bed the notion that Steven Roach plays a part in this story any greater than tacking a hoax backstory onto the original legend.
The Shadow Government: Malicious, Cunning, but Not Too Bright
A hobbyist's recreated Polybius cabinet.
The biggest problem with the Polybius story itself and the data-harvesting G-men is one that is common to many the-government-is-evil-and-out-to-get-me conspiracy theories—it postulates the existence of an incredibly sly, technologically-advanced shadow government that is at the same time an evil genius capable of launching a mind-control device right under the public's nose without their knowledge, and a bumbling moron so stupid that it achieved exactly zero of its goals. Add to this the fact that they supposedly have these amazing resources, yet they somehow didn't have anyone talented enough to code the game in-house, so they had to outsource it to Sinneslöschen. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure that rule number one in the Secret Evil Organization Handbook is “be self-contained.” Since they purportedly weren't self-contained, this means they had no real control over the code of the game, so they would have had to actually explain to the coders at Sinneslöschen “Yes, we want it to be similar to Tempest, except this one erases all senses and life goals from the person playing it and gives them a feeling of lobotomized contentedness for the rest of their lives. Oh, and a love for toil, if you can fit it in.” Also, I'm no military strategist, but I'm pretty certain that the CIA almost certainly wouldn't want other countries to know how our super-advanced mind-control devices work—that just seems like national security 101.
This brings me to the fact that Sinnesloschen means “sensory deleting,” which I've touched upon a bit already. Now the U.S. may be a pretty unilingual country on the whole, but if people were lining up to play this game at multiple locations for several weeks, then simple probability dictates that AT LEAST one person would know enough German to know what that says. They might not think anything of it at the time outside of “what a weird name for a company,” but later when they're waking up screaming, having forgotten their childhood, unable to feel normal emotions, they might look back at that and think “You know, that might have been more literal than I initially thought.”
Also, regarding the men in black not taking the quarters—of course they wouldn't. Generally, the game company doesn't collect the quarters; the owners of the establishment the machine is in does. Then they usually write a check to the game company for the licensing/rental fees.
The Verdict
Some people say that the Polybius legend came about from a seed of truth: that a game in the 1980s (possibly a prototype of Tempest itself) caused epileptic seizures in those who played it, and the mystique of “men in black” and more creepy symptoms eventually were added to the story. Though that may have happened, frankly, I don't believe that the Polybius myth is based on any truth at all. I will, however, admit that I believe something is missing in the story. If it began on Usenet, I think it's been retold so much that a crucial piece was left out in the re-tellings—something tied to the game's namesake, Polybius, an ancient Greek historian. You see, Polybius wasn't just a historian; he was also a budding cryptographer, inventing a decoding tool named for him called the Polybius square.
A normal Polybius square, used for deciphering codes.
Maybe I'm just reading too deep into it, but this fact seems too good to be coincidence. Why choose Polybius, an obscure Greek historian, to name the game in your story after? Even Sinnesloschen means something related to the story, so it seems out of place for the game itself to be a completely randomly chosen name. I think there was a big punchline/scare at the end of the story that required the reader to recognize a code and decode it. However, even with that addition, since all the evidence crumbles upon any kind of inquiry, the story is still 100% fiction.
Some people ask “If the story is fake, why would someone just make it up?” Just a passing glance at YouTube will show what some people are willing to do for the chance at a soupçon of fame. Create a creepy enough story on Usenet or wherever, and you can take pride every time you hear about it online, in the news, or even in The Simpsons.
But even if somebody did dig up a legitimate ROM, I highly doubt that any videogame could have such a profound effect on one's psyche that–
ALL GLORY TO POLYBIUS.
ALL GLORY TO POLYBIUS.
ALL GLORY TO POLYBIUS.
The founding fathers recognized that Congress could become a choke point of progress. Much like many of the states have methods for citizens to bypass the legislative branch, our constitution provides a method for the states to bypass the federal government.
Article V of the current US Constitution:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate."
To summarize: a constitutional convention MUST be called by Congress when two-thirds of the state legislatures apply to (petition) the US Congress for a convention. Some read this to imply that the legislatures must sponsor a specific amendment. Since Article V says "shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments" (note the plural "Amendments"), I read this to mean that two-thirds of the state legislatures (34 or more, currently) must simply request a convention to consider any and all proposed amendments.
As a practical matter, it is unlikely that a state legislature would petition for a convention without a considered reason - a specific amendment, not a general "we need to fix the Constitution" concept. However, once the convention is called, whatever brought the state to the meeting must be considered by the group.
How would such a convention be organized? This is not at all clear. Most probably like the original convention - each state would send a team of representatives to be certain that their reason for being at the meeting was handled appropriately. I view this to imply that the states' representatives would prepare a set of proposed amendments which would be presented to each of the states. If three-fourths of the state legislatures (or - if Congress decides as provided by Article V - conventions from within the states convened for the purpose of reviewing the proposals) approve the proposed amendment, it becomes part of the Constitution.
A concise review of this process can be read at:
http://www.lessonplanspage.com/SSInfoDiscAct-DoWeNeedANewConstConvention912.htm
22 people found this useful
Who knew you could use a bra as a shield?
The third promotional video for DLE's upcoming anime project called Henkei Shoujo (Transformation Girls) is out and like the previous videos this one introduces us to another high school girl with the ability to transform into a ‘sexy' machine.
Following on the heels of the videos for the first “transformtion girl” Haru, and the second girl Rin,this latest video introduces us to Itsuki, a shy 17-year-old high school girl, who for the most part seems pretty normal. According to her profile she lives with her mother, father and grandmother. In school she's good at home economics because she likes cooking and sewing. Her grandmother teaches calligraphy so she also enjoys calligraphy. Her favorite kanji is kokoro (心), which means heart/mind. She's 163 cm tall, her body measurements are 85-62-85 and her birthday is July 5th. In other words, she's a fairly typical Japanese high school girl. That is, except for her ability to transform into what can only be descried as a bra-shield wielding robot.
The latest video is perhaps the most bizarre of the three that have been released so far. It starts out with Itsuki in a Japanese-style house, being filmed by someone. Then the person filming her appears to tell her to do something. Whether the person asks her to take her clothes off is unclear but that is what at first seems to be implied, since Itsuki, after a moment of hesitation, reaches for a zipper located in the front ot her dress (seems like a slightly strange place for a zipper) and begins to pull it down as if she was about to undress.
However, she never quite gets the dress off. Instead, she begins an utterly ridiculous transformation sequence, which in true Transformation Girls fashion gives viewers a peek at her blue and white panties.
You also get a peek a bit of her cleavage shortly after her bra flies off of her chest and into the sky.
After flying off of her chest and into the sky the bra turns into two shields and attach themselves to her mecha arms, all while she yells “Brassiere Rolling Cutter!”
Check it out for yourself below.
So who was the guy recording her? Why was she in that house in the first place? Much like the previous two videos this one leaves viewers with more questions than answers.
What we do know for sure though, is that Itsuki is voiced by the voice actress and singer Kana Hanazawa (see below), who is known in part for being the voice of Akane Tsunemori in Psycho-Pass and Mayuri Shiina in Steins;Gate.
As for the next, “transformation girl” she is named Nana and her “introduction” video will likely be released later this month. Although we do not know yet what she will be transforming into, or in what creative way she will be showing people her underwear, we do know that she will be voiced by the very popular former Japanese adult film (JAV) actress Sora Aoi (see below).
For more Henkei Shoujo ridiculousness, make sure to check out the articles below.
High School Girl Turns Into Panty Flashing Fighter Jet In Mysterious Anime Video (Video)
Gasoline Guzzling High School Girl Turns Into Panty Flashing Sports Car In 2nd Henkei Shojo Short (Video)
Source: Henkei Shoujo Official Website
Images: 変形少女 #03（衣月篇）-Henkei Shoujo(Transforming Girls) #03 “Itsuki” (DLE YouTube Channel)
BigThink.com was founded in 2007 and Larry Summers and Peter Thiel were among the initial financial and intellectual investors in the project. I am confident that it used to interview many exceptionally intelligent people and they were talking about nontrivial topics and arguments. Five years ago, I mentioned an interview with Lisa Randall about string theory.
If you look at the recent videos at the BigThink YouTube channel, they look like rather lame pop scientific and pseudoscientific topics that you find everywhere on the Internet. You don't need a pedigree of famous founders for such a website.
The 4-minute monologue of Bill Nye is a great example of the intellectual deterioration of BigThink.com in recent years. The diatribe seems to be a response to a Fox News exchange between Tucker Carlson and Bill Nye. Recall that Carlson mainly wanted Nye to say to what extent the humans have driven climate change. Nye wasn't capable to say a damn thing that would be relevant in that 9-minute-long Fox News interview. He had weeks to "think big" about these matters and now, when he added a 4-minute monologue, he still failed to say anything that would be relevant or at least intelligent.
At the beginning, we learn that Tucker Carlson used to wear a nicer tie (I didn't understand what was wrong with the ties that Carlson has now) and he was more "affable". Does it mean that Carlson was never asking hard questions to guests who make far-reaching claims and propose ambitious plans? Since the 1980s (I didn't understand why Nye chose the 1980s), there was a polarization to two camps. Nye spends about a minute by explaining what it means to polarize things to two camps. For example, dear kids, you have males and females (progressive comrades will surely kindly remind Nye that there are at least 10 sexes). Or you have boys and girls (they are male and female, too, but it's too advanced stuff).
Most famously, you have fruit flies and dandelions. His unusual choice of these insects and these plants really suggest that he had to be drunk while he was recording the video.
And yes, there are competing camps behind sports teams. Great. The only problem is that we haven't learned a damn thing about the climate.
We don't learn a damn thing about the climate in the rest of the monologue, either. In that leftover, Nye only tells us that 97% of climate scientists are concerned with climate change and everyone should be. It's a reference to a would-be authority. Can we at least learn where he got the number 97%? Well, sort of. He tells us that 97 is a "number he picked because he likes it". That's nice and very Nye-style "scientific". I like the number 12 more than I like 97. But this numerological preference isn't the actual reason why I am going to pick the answer that people concerned with climate change are at most mediocre and/or corrupt scientists, and mostly clowns, complete charlatans, or brainwashed morons.
No sensible person should be concerned about the climate change.
Aside from the 97% cliché, we learn that he wanted to make a bet that 2016 would be the warmest year on record and he wants to bet $10,000 that 2010-2019 will be the hottest decade on record. Well, I think that the decade probably will be although I am far from being certain. But this implies nothing important and is no reason to worry. Sometimes temperatures go up, sometimes they go down. This holds for the comparison of the decades 2000-2009 and 2010-2019, too. The probabilities of both signs can't be too different from 50-50 because the short-term evolution of the temperatures isn't too far from a random walk. Moreover, over 70% of the decade 2010-2019 is already "known" and it indeed looks a bit warmer than the previous one, so it's not a "bold prediction" that the whole decade could indeed be a bit warmer.
Concerning the record-breaking single year 2016, well, if he based his bets on the satellite records, he would have lost the previous 17 similar annual bets (1999-2015) and he would win in 2016 only because of a statistically insignificant 0.02 °C difference between 1998 and 2016. At any rate, he would have lost $150,000 in those unwise bets.
He wants the mankind to waste tens of trillions of dollars in an upsized version of the same bet.
Incidentally, I would eagerly bet $10,000 that 2017 won't be the warmest year on record. Will Bill Nye accept this bet? I don't think so. Will I make a big deal out of the fact that someone doesn't accept a bet that I invented in order to be the likely winner? I won't because I am not a Nye-style demagogue.
Many Americans who were kids 20 years ago still associate Bill Nye with the "cool scientist" who must be smart. The confusing fact is that actors – pretty much by definition – are capable of pretending to be something that they are not. Bill Nye has co-created the Bill Nye the Science Guy show but he had several people – especially James McKenna and Erren Gottlieb – who did it with him. It was a team work with some fact-checking. And Nye and his colleagues could have chosen the topics they understood. For example, it is easier to mix two substances and impress children with an explosion than to perform an accurate analysis of the uncertainty of the climate sensitivity and its effect on temperatures up to the year 2100.
And as kids, we thought that many people were smart – even though decades later, we may see that those "smart people" were just pretty much average grownups.
Sheldon Cooper is an excellent example of a TV character who is much smarter than the scientist who stars as him. Sheldon's IQ is 187 and he really knows a lot and approaches most problems scientifically. What about Jim Parsons? Well, it's not quite the same. I recently saw Prof David Saltzberg, the UCLA astroparticle physicist and the science adviser of the TBBT show, as he visited Sheldon in his apartment.
Around 2:05 in the video above, Jim Parsons asked Saltzberg: What is this? Saltzberg said that the balls were made of plastic. "Is every physicist working with this?" Parsons asked, pointing his finger at the plastic model of the DNA molecule. "It's biology, not physics," Saltzberg patiently explained to his much famous colleague. Maybe it was staged but I still think that the real Jim Parsons is intellectually closer to the man talking to Saltzberg in this video than to Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon Cooper is really, really smart. But Jim Parsons often seems as dumb as Sheldon's sister Missy, as a doorknob, or as Zack, the right man for Penny. ;-) Here I must point out that there are also several opposite examples. Mayim Bialik who stars as Sheldon's GF Amy is a PhD in pretty much the same field as on the show. Jewish genes (and intellectual traditions) make it simpler for her.
Well, the case of Bill Nye is more similar to Jim Parson's than to Mayim Bialik's. He may star as a scientist but someone else has to lead him. There should be an adult in the room – a favorite phrase of Larry Summers', a co-founder of BigThink.com. Larry and those who determine the content of BigThink.com, shouldn't you try to return to roots, make sure that there are some adults in the room, and encourage them to think big?
Thank you very much.
iphys said: . . . and don't forget the $478 cost to buy those 30 cartridges if you don't already own them, lol. Click to expand...
This is the thing everyone chooses to ignore. "I can just download all those on my phone/in a ROM bundle/on my Pi/whatever," but none of that stuff is. Here you have a very cheap, very legal option, and the response given is like "Well, I wastempted." Maybe it's not a lost sale because there's no realistic circumstance you would've actually paid for the games legitimately, but maybe that says more about you than whether the product is a good purchase. Because compared to finding those old game carts, this is a smash-and-grab kind of deal.Also, I've learned recently that the average person just doesn't know that Super C is the allegedly superior Contra 2. I think Nintendo needs to let Konami romhack that killer "get stuck" point out of Contra 1 and let it onto the VC and/or the NES Classics Mini version 2 (if it comes). I think they just need to remove that one upper platform where the power-up is and let the power-up float there, or at least shorten it so it's not right up against the wall (such that the player can drop down to the right even when the screen is scrolled forward a way).
White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Tuesday defended Hillary Clinton and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who made a racist joke during a comedy skit over the weekend.
“I can't speak to any misguided attempts at humor,” Earnest, who has not seen video of the controversial comedy skit, told reporters during a daily press briefing. “I can only speak to their commitment that they've shown over the course of their career to justice and civil rights.”
Clinton and de Blasio, who has endorsed the former first lady, came under fire for a comedy skit they performed during a charity event held at the New York Hilton on Saturday.
The skit included lines about “CP time,” a reference to “colored people's time” — the stereotype that black people are chronically late for events. (RELATED: Hillary Clinton And Bill De Blasio Invoke Black Stereotypes In Comedy Skit)
“I just have to say thanks for the endorsement, Bill. Took you long enough,” Clinton said after being introduced to the stage by de Blasio.
“Sorry, Hillary, I was running on CP Time,” de Blasio said, eliciting groans from the audience.
“Cautious politician time…,” Clinton joked.
The Internet erupted in outrage over the remarks. Clinton and her campaign have not answered for the comments. De Blasio dismissed complaints during an interview on Monday, saying that the skit was a joke and that critics are “missing the point.”
In defending the skit, Earnest said that Clinton's and de Blasio's actions over the course of their career speak louder than their scripted words.
“Certainly Mayor de Blasio and Secretary Clinton have over the course of their career demonstrated a genuine commitment to the pursuit of equality and justice and civil rights,” Earnest said.
“That's not just a talking point that they include on their campaign materials. That is something to which they have dedicated their careers in public service.”
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Part one: "How the War of 1812 Eroded U.S. Liberalism"
As the War of 1812 with Great Britain approached during the Republican administration of James Madison, the War Hawks saw silver linings everywhere. "Republicans even came to see the war as a necessary regenerative act—as a means of purging Americans of their pecuniary greed and their seemingly insatiable love of commerce and money-making," historian Gordon S. Wood writes in Empire of Liberty. "They hoped that war with England might refresh the national character, lessen the overweening selfishness of people, and revitalize republicanism." The money cost of war was dismissed as insignificant compared to national honor and sovereignty. Indeed, the war was called the "Second War of Independence." Wood quotes the newspaper editors of the Richmond Enquirer: "Forget self and think of America."
Republicans, of course, had previously warned of the dangers of war, including high taxes, debt, corruption, a big military, and centralized power. Madison himself famously said that war contained the "germ" of "all the enemies to public liberty." So now the party set out to prosecute a war while avoiding the evils they held were intrinsic to it. Republicans in Congress talked about cutting military spending even as war loomed. But it didn't quite work out that way. In early 1812 Congress built up the army, though it—initially—decided a navy was not needed against the greatest naval power on earth. (The strengthened U.S. navy later did very well against Britain.)
The Republican Congress also raised taxes, including dreaded internal taxes, conditioned on war actually breaking out. Madison, Wood writes, "was relieved that at last the Republicans in Congress had 'got down the dose of taxes.'" Still, the government would have to borrow money to finance the war. The proliferation of government securities and new note-issuing banks followed, of course. On the connections among the war, public debt, Madison's Second Bank of the United States, inflation, government-sanctioned suspension of specie payments, government bankruptcy, and subsequent economic turmoil, see Murray Rothbard's A History of Money and Banking in the United States and his earlier The Panic of 1819.
Wood notes that Americans hoped the war would deal a blow to the Indians in the Northwest, who had the support of Britain and whose land was much coveted. Indian removal (extermination) was a popular government program. Moreover, "with the development of Canada freeing the British Empire from its vulnerability to American economic restrictions, President Madison was bound to be concerned about Canada."
Although Madison's government always denied that it intended to annex Canada, it had no doubt, as Secretary of State [James] Monroe told the British government in June 1812, that once the United States forces occupied the British provinces, it would be "difficult to relinquish territory which had been conquered."
Interest in Canada was not just material. A belief in "Manifest Destiny," though the term wouldn't be coined until 1845, was a driving force. (Acquisition of Spain's Floridas was also on the agenda.) America was the rising "Empire of Liberty," fated by providence to rule North America (at least) and displace the worn-out empires of the Old World.
Even though the war had no formal victor and produced no boundary adjustments (U.S. forces were repulsed in Canada after burning its capital, for which Britain retaliated by burning Washington, D.C.), Americans were generally delighted with the outcome, mistakenly thinking that Madison had dictated terms at Ghent. (Wood notes that a record 57 towns and counties bear Madison's name.) Wood writes that a group calling itself the "republican citizens of Baltimore" expressed "a common refrain throughout much of the country" in April 1815 when it declared that the war
has revived, with added luster the renown which brightened the morning of our independence: it has called forth and organized the dormant resources of the empire: it has tried and vindicated our republican institutions: it has given us that moral strength, which consists in the well earned respect of the world, and in a just respect for ourselves. It has raised up and consolidated a national character, dear to the hearts of the people, as an object of honest pride and a pledge of future union, tranquility, and greatness.
The anti-Hamiltonian Albert Gallatin, secretary of the Treasury from 1801 to 1814, said that because of the war, the people "are more American; they feel and act more as a nation." Arthur A. Ekirch Jr. reports in The Decline of American Liberalism that Gallatin admitted that (Gallatin's words) "the war has laid the foundation of permanent taxes and military establishments, which the Republicans had deemed unfavorable to the happiness and free institutions of the country."
Madison's restraint, however it is to be explained, ought to be acknowledged. He was an advocate of centralized government and implied powers, yet "he knew that a republican leader should not become a Napoleon or even a Hamilton," the sympathetic Woods writes. He quotes an earlier admirer of Madison as saying, the president conducted the war "without one trial for treason, or even one prosecution for libel." (Some Republicans viewed Federalists who were openly sympathetic to the British as traitors.) A more ambitious politician might not have kept the "sword of war" "within its proper restraints." However, imperial chickens eventually come home to roost, and Madison indisputably reinforced the imperial course of his predecessors. (See my "The Boomerang Effect: How Foreign Policy Changes Domestic Policy.") Moreover, Jeffrey Rogers Hummel writes, Madison proposed conscription—only the war's end prevented this from happening—and later a peacetime standing army to the Congress.
How the war dramatically changed America, the people, and the government is discussed at length in Dangerous Nation by Robert Kagan—the historian and prominent neoconservative thinker who advises President Barack Obama on foreign policy—and John Quincy Adams and American Global Empire by William Earl Weeks. (Unlike Weeks, Kagan approves of the war's effects and the American empire in general; his book is marred by his wish to justify current American intervention in Europe and beyond.)
Kagan notes that the war boosted efforts to expand America westward. "Indian tribes north of the Ohio River, deprived of British support, gave up vast stretches of land in the years immediately following the war," Kagan writes, "permitting a huge westward migration of the American population.… Trying to contain American continental aspirations after the war with Great Britain, John Quincy Adams observed, would be like 'opposing a feather to a torrent.'"
Kagan notes that:
The requirements of fighting the war expanded the role of the federal government and exposed deficiencies in the operation of federal power under the old Jeffersonian Republican scheme—much as the Revolutionary War had pointed up the deficiencies of the Articles of Confederation. The end of the war in 1815 brought calls for augmented national powers even from Republicans.… Madison, Jefferson's staunch colleague in the struggle against Hamiltonian policies in the 1790s, now all but embraced the Hamiltonian system.
Attitudes toward the military also changed for reasons of national and economic security. When Monroe succeeded Madison as president, Weeks writes, a
Corning Unveils Corning® Gorilla® Glass 5
New flagship cover glass takes tough to new heights , while maintaining leadership in optical clarity, touch sensitivity, and damage resistance
CORNING, N.Y., July 20, 2016 — Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW) today unveiled its latest breakthrough innovation – Corning® Gorilla® Glass 5. Responding to consumers' No. 1 issue with mobile devices, the new cover glass is designed to provide further protection against breakage from everyday drops. Rigorous lab tests show that Gorilla Glass 5 survives drops onto rough, unforgiving surfaces up to four times better than competitive glass designs.
The unique attributes of Gorilla Glass 5 build on the best-in-class performance of previous generations of Corning Gorilla Glass. Mobile devices are the primary tools consumers use to capture, view, create, send and consume digital content, and the cover glass is the interface for touching, typing and swiping that content. Consumers count on their cover glass to deliver damage resistance, optical clarity, touch sensitivity, and protection from drops.
Gorilla Glass 5 Delivers
According to a recent global study*, over 85% of smartphone owners have dropped their phones at least once per year and 55% have dropped their phones three times or more. Additionally, more than 60% of smartphone owners reported dropping their devices between shoulder and waist height.
“With each successive generation of Corning Gorilla Glass, we have taken cover glass technology to new levels. Gorilla Glass 5 is no exception, extending Corning's advantage in drop performance over competitive glasses,” said John Bayne, vice president and general manager, Corning Gorilla Glass. “With many real-world drops occurring from between waist and shoulder height, we knew improving drop performance would be an important and necessary advancement.”
In lab tests, CorningGorillaGlass 5 survives up to 80 percent of the time when dropped face-down from 1.6 meters onto rough surfaces, far outperforming competitive glass designs.
Leveraging its strengths in glass science and fusion manufacturing, Corning leads the cover glass industry it created nearly 10 years ago. Corning Gorilla Glass has been used on more than 4.5 billion devices worldwide, including more than 1,800 product models across 40 major brands. Gorilla Glass 5 will allow manufacturers to provide the ultimate in high-resolution, touch-enabled devices.
“Corning has a 165-year history of delivering life-changing innovations,” Bayne said. “Gorilla Glass 5 is the latest example of Corning applying its material-science expertise to solve tough consumer challenges in a way that impacts people's everyday lives.
Corning Gorilla Glass 5 is commercially available and is expected to be on product models from leading global brands later this year.
* Numbers noted are averages of an 11-country study of global smartphone users, based on Toluna's Quicksurvey panel. Countries included the U.S., Brazil, the U.K., France, Germany, Italy, Turkey, India, Russia, China, and Indonesia. Collectively, these countries represent 3.9 billion people, or 54% of the world's population.
FILE - In this April 16, 2014 file photo, Nikko Jenkins is led to court by a Douglas County deputy in Omaha, Neb. Jenkins, convicted of killing four people in and around Omaha in 2013. A three-judge panel sentenced Jenkins to death, Tuesday, May 30, 2017. The panel had the option of sentencing Jenkins to death or life in prison. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik, File)
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — A man convicted of killing four people in Omaha in 2013 has been given Nebraska's first death sentence since the state's voters reinstated the punishment in November.
A three-judge panel issued its ruling Tuesday in the case of Nikko Jenkins, who was convicted of four counts of first-degree murder for the August 2013 shooting deaths.
The judicial panel had the option of sentencing Jenkins to death or life in prison. The judges cited the heinous nature of the killings in their decision and said they believed state psychiatrists who testified that while Jenkins does have narcissistic and anti-social personality disorders, he knew right from wrong when he committed the crimes.
“Each one of these murders was a planned and deliberate act,” Douglas County District Judge Peter Bataillon said Tuesday during the hearing.
Jenkins, who was visibly thinner than when he was first arrested, showed no emotion as he was sentenced. The only words he said loud enough to be heard from the gallery were directed at his public defender, when he refused to sign paperwork to file an appeal.
“You're not doing my appeal,” Jenkins said to Douglas County Public Defender Thomas Riley.
Appeals are automatically filed in death penalty cases in Nebraska. The judicial panel ordered Riley to handle the appeal, despite Jenkins' objection.
In addition to death for each of the four counts of murder, Jenkins also was sentenced to at least 450 years for a dozen weapons counts in the case.
Jenkins pleaded no contest in 2014, but his sentencing has been delayed for years because of concerns about his mental competency. His defense psychiatrist said Jenkins suffers from schizophrenia and perhaps a bipolar disorder. Defense lawyers have noted Jenkins' habit of tattooing his face and self-mutilation while in prison, as well as his ramblings in court, as proof of a deteriorating mental state.
State psychiatrists, however, have repeatedly declared that Jenkins is sane and testified during the case that he is faking psychosis.
Just 11 days after his release from prison, where he had been for 10 years for two carjackings, Jenkins shot and killed Juan Uribe-Pena and Jorge Cajiga-Ruizon on Aug. 11, 2013.
Prosecutors say eight days later, Jenkins and his sister killed Curtis Bradford, a one-time prison acquaintance. Then, on Aug. 21, police say, Jenkins pulled Andrea Kruger from her SUV as she drove home from work and shot her four times before speeding off in her vehicle.
Prosecutors argued that Jenkins planned the killings to cover up robberies of the victims or to keep them from identifying him, but Jenkins insisted an Egyptian god ordered him in a foreign language to kill the four as human sacrifices.
Jenkins was ultimately found competent to stand trial and allowed to represent himself for much of it. He was then allowed in 2014 to plead no contest to the murder charges. A no-contest plea acknowledges there is sufficient evidence to convict, but is not an admittance of guilt.
Nebraska lawmakers abolished capital punishment in 2015, but death penalty supporters responded with a statewide ballot campaign that prevented the law from going into effect until voters decided whether to overturn the Legislature's decision. Nearly 61 percent of voters last November opted to reinstate the penalty.
The last execution in Nebraska was carried out in 1997, when Robert Williams died in the state's now-defunct electric chair for killing two women in 1977.
The mother of one of Jenkins' victims cried quietly as she left the courtroom.
Velita Glasgow, the mother of Curtis Bradford, said Tuesday's sentence brought much-needed closure for her.
“It's time for me to heal,” she said. “I'm ready to put this behind me.”
The city of Chelyabinsk is situated to the south-east of the Urals, close to Kazakhstan and serves as a gateway to Russia's vast Asian expanses. It lies on the Trans-Siberian Railway and is one of a string of railway towns that grew to service this immense trans-continental corridor.
It was this geographic location that ensured Chelyabinsk would grow to become a town of 45,000 by 1913. But it was its strategic position far from European Russia that ensured it would burgeon into a city under Stalin's 1930s industrial drive and into wartime production.
Put simply, the 1,750 kilometres of Russian territory between Chelyabinsk and Moscow ensured the former's future as one of the Soviet Union's key armaments centres. The city was far from the encroaching German forces, safe from the ravages of the Luftwaffe and protected by unimaginable stretches of the Russian Steppes, raging rivers and the looming Ural Mountains.
Very soon, the small railway town was buzzing with new development. Vast factory complexes and uniform housing units bordered the city's long, wide and straight boulevards. The population swelled as tens and then hundreds of thousands of people were brought to work for the motherland.
In just a few years, Chelyabinsk was transformed from a staging post into an industrial behemoth. The city became Tankograd, hosting factories for the legendary T-34 tank and a centre for the production of the Katyusha rocket launcher. Whole factories and industrial districts were relocated – Leningrad's S.M. Kirov Factory no. 185 was sent east before German forces reached the city.
What wasn't relocated was built from scratch – the vast Chelyabinsk Tractor Plant and Chelyabinsk Metallurgical Plant would soon be put to war work churning out the tanks that were matching German panzers. Soon, the city's T-34s would be amongst the columns repulsing the German advance and would roll into Europe.
In 1998, after a year-long study on the subject, McKinsey researchers declared that a “war for talent” was underway. In the years ahead, they said, organizations' future success would depend on how well they could attract, develop, and retain talented employees–an ever more valuable asset in ever higher demand.
Instead of winning a war for talent, organizations appear to be waging a war on talent, repelling and alienating employees more successfully than harnessing their skills.
Today, in a world full of many more Chief People and Chief Happiness Officers, that war nevertheless appears to have been lost on all sides. Of course, many workers excel in their jobs and make pivotal contributions to their organizations. But for every one employee who does, there are many more who are underemployed, underperforming, and just plain miserable at work.
What went wrong?
More people than ever are dissatisfied enough with their current jobs to want to consider other opportunities. Over the past few years, LinkedIn has estimated that figure at anywhere between 45% and 60% of its more than 400 million users. Some recruiters believe these so-called “passive jobseekers” now comprise up to 75% of the overall workforce. Just imagine if three out of four people in long-term relationships were still holding out for a better option to come along.
With so many people holding their current jobs in low esteem, it's no surprise that many dreams of ditching them to go work for themselves–even in countries where job opportunities abound. In the U.S., many people who dabble in freelancing say they'd love to quit their day jobs to work for themselves full-time, if it weren't for income instability and other factors.
But it's clear that the flexibility and freedom to pursue more meaningful work is pretty alluring. Interestingly, self-employed people tend to work longer hours only to earn less, suggesting that traditional jobs are under-delivering on what employees want to such a degree that many are willing to take pay cuts in order to get them.
The latest version of Google Chrome (version 60, if you're counting) is now available for Windows, Linux, and Mac, but the most interesting update for Mac is the addition of Touch Bar support for the newest models of MacBooks, as spotted by 9to5Mac. Chrome 60 now allows Touch Bar users to customize Chrome shortcuts by adding, removing, or rearranging buttons as they please.
You can find this setting by making sure your Chrome version is updated, then heading to View > Customize Touch Bar from the Menu bar. Of course, you can combine laptop controls, such as brightness and volume settings, with the Chrome shortcuts and stack them as you feel comfortable.
You can also opt to disable typing suggestions if you don't want Chrome to autocomplete your keywords. In addition to Touch Bar support, Chrome 60 contains other non consumer-facing additions such as Payment Request and Credential Management APIs to help developers create apps that speed up the payment checkout and login processes, respectively.
Chrome 60 is available now.
Fedora 25: Wayland vs Xorg
Updated: February 10, 2017
Almost as good as Alien vs Predator only much better. Anyhow, as you probably know, I have recently tested Fedora 25. It was an okay experience. Overall, the distro behaved reasonably well. Not the fastest, but stable enough, usable enough, with some neat improvements here and there. Most importantly, apart from some performance and responsiveness loss, Wayland did not cause my system to melt. But that's just a beginning.
Wayland is in its infancy as a consumer technology, or at least that thing that people take for granted when they do desktop stuff. Therefore, I must continue testing. Never surrender. In the past few weeks of actively using Fedora 25, I did come across a few other issues and problems, some less worrying, some quite disturbing, some odd, some meaningless. Let us elaborate.
Note: Image taken from Wikimedia and modified, licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0.
Wayland does not support everything
Nope. 'Tis a fact. If you go about a Web, doing some reading, you will have learned that all sorts of things are not yet Wayland-ready. Still, we all know Fedora is the state-of-art bleeding-edge distro, and so it's a testbed for pain and discovery. Fair enough. For a while, things were quite all right, no fuss, no errors, but then, I suddenly needed to use GParted. I was in a hurry, troubleshooting a big issue, and now I had to sidetrack myself with pointless extra work. GParted would just not launch under Wayland. Exploring in a bit more detail, I learned that this partitioning software was not supported yet.
And the thing is, I do not really know what other applications do not work under Wayland, and I am not really keen to discover that in a moment of true reckoning. Searching online, I wasn't able to find a quick, easy list that details the current incompatibilities. Maybe it's me, and I suck at searching, but something as trivial as "Wayland + compatibility" should be obvious.
What I did find is a self-argument telling us why Wayland is good, a list of Gnome applications currently supported under this new thingie, several nerdy pages on ArchWiki, a super-nerdy slit-my-wrists topic on Nvidia devtalk, and a few other ambiguous discussions.
Performance, again
On the Fedora 25 box, I changed the login session from Gnome (Wayland) to Gnome Xorg, to see how this affects the system. I did previously mention the performance benchmarks and comparison to Fedora 24 on the same laptop - Lenovo G50, but this should give us even more accurate results.
Wayland (screenshot 1) gives us 1.4GB memory use without anything else running, and the CPU averages about 4-5%. Xorg (screenshot 2) tolls the same amount of RAM, and the processor eats 3-4% of its full power. Marginally less in sheer numbers. But then, the experience in the Xorg session is just so much better. It's milliseconds alright, but you can feel it. The legacy session seems to be ever so slightly sprightlier, faster, fresher. The lag is less noticeable. If you are sensitive as to how your desktop responds, you will not be happy with this penalty. Sure, this may only be a bit of sub-optimized beginner's luck, and Wayland may improve over time. But it's also something we cannot ignore.
Let's rant
I am not happy with this. Not massively angry, but I don't like that I actually need to login into the classic X session to be able to fully enjoy my desktop experience. Because X gives me 100%. Wayland does not. That means, at the end of the day, I will not be using Wayland. I like exploring technology, but I am not a zealot on some holy big-endian pilgrimage. I just want to use my desktop, and sometimes, I might even need things fast. Logging out and back in can be an annoying hassle in a moment of need. And the reason why we have this issue is because Wayland is not there to make life easier for Linux desktop users. Quite the opposite. Quote:
Wayland is intended as a simpler replacement for X, easier to develop and maintain. GNOME and KDE are expected to be ported to it.
And you see, that's part of the problem. Stuff should not be designed to be easier to developer or maintain. That can be a beneficial by-product provided all other customer requirements are met. But if they are not, then it does not matter how hard or simple it is for programmers to hammer code. That's their job. The whole purpose of technology is to support the end state - in this case, a seamless and smooth user experience.
Unfortunately, a large number of products today are being re-invented and re-developed for the sake of making it easier for software people and not for the users. To a large extent, Gnome 3, PulseAudio, Systemd, and Wayland, they all serve no higher user experience purpose. They are quite intrusive in that sense, and they do not contribute to the stability and simplicity of the Linux desktop ecosystem.
This is one of primary reasons why Linux desktop is a relatively immature product - it is designed to self-support the people developing it, almost like a living organism. It's not there to be the slave to the whims and wishes of the user. And that's how great things are done. You satisfy the primary need, and only then worry about the details. Great user experience does not depend - and should never depend - on the choice of programming language, compiler or any nonsense like that. If it does, that whoever designed the product has not done the abstraction piece well enough, and we have a failed thing that needs to be removed from existence.
And so, from my perspective, I don't care if it takes 10 liters of blood to compile one version of X or whatever. I'm a user. All I care is that my desktop works as robustly as did it yesterday or 5 years ago. If that's not happening, I'm not interested in macros, classes, variables, declarations, structs, or any other geeky CS technobabble. That's irrelevant. And a product that advertises itself as being created to be convenient for the people developing it is a paradox. Don't develop it, then. Makes things even easier.
Now, the reality is, Wayland is largely ok - but it is still not as good as X, and as such it should not be offered as a production-ready item on any desktop. Once it can replace the old technology so seamlessly no one ever knows about it, only then will it have succeeded in what it needs to achieve, and then, it can be written in C or D or K language, and it can have anything the developers want. Until then, it's a parasite that eats on the resources and peoples' nerves.
Don't get me wrong. We need progress. We need change. But it has to serve an evolutionary purpose. Does X handle the user needs well today? Can it do graphics support for 3rd party blobs? Can it support HD and UHD and DPI and whatnot? Can you play the latest games on it? Yes? No? If not, then it needs to be fixed. Those are the evolutionary drivers. Not the difficulty of writing and compiling code. Software developers are the coal miners of the digital industry, and they need to work hard to make users happy. As a phrase 'easier to develop' should be outlawed, and people who like it need to be electrocuted by old radio batteries and then exiled to Mars in non-A/C spaceships. If you can't write smart code, it's your problem. The user should not suffer because developers think they're princesses.
Conclusion
Here we are. In general, Wayland is not bad. It's okay. But that's like saying you are earning 83% today compared to 100% yesterday only because someone decided to change the layout of your payslip. Not acceptable in that sense, even if Wayland works fairly well. It's the stuff that does not work that makes all the difference. Ignoring the whole rant side of it, Wayland introduced reduced usability, performance and app wise, and this is something Fedora will have to sort out fast.
Other distros will follow, and we will be seeing a recurring pattern. The same happened with Gnome 3. The same happened with Systemd. Less than fully ready technologies are unleashed into the open, and then we spend a year or two fixing things that needed no fixing, and eventually, we will have the same functionality we already have, only created in a different programming language. Not interested. CS used to be all glamor in 1999, when Excel users were making USD50/hour. Today, programming is the undeserving oar galley, and people don't care for the sweat and blister under the deck.
Performance is probably less of an issue, because you can give up on 1-2% change, especially since it can randomly come from any which factor. You will know this if you've used Linux for more than a year or two. But not being able to launch programs is a big deal. At the very least, Fedora graciously offers the legacy platform, too. But then, it may be gone before Wayland reaches 100% maturity. Here we go again. So no, there's no disaster. My original Fedora 25 claim stands in this regard. What we have is annoyance. Unnecessary annoyance. Ah well. The story of Linux, part 9000.
And so, at the end of the day, with everything said and done, what we learned here is: KNEEL BEFORE XORG! OMG. That's so good, I will now fade into the background while the chuckles off your merriment carry off into the frosty night. So long.
Cheers.
Last fall, Andrew Miller pitched 19.1 innings in 15 postseason games. Extrapolated out to a full 162-game season, that would equal 209 innings. That is basically an impossible load for the modern reliever. Consider, for context, that the only relief pitcher since World War II to top 170 innings is Mike Marshall, who did it twice, including 208.1 innings in 1974. The last major-league reliever to top 150 innings was Mark Eichhorn in 1986. Since the strike in 1994, Scott Sullivan's 113.2 reliever innings in 1999 represents the majors' highest mark. No reliever has crossed the 100-inning threshold in the last decade.
All indications suggest that, if a bullpen revolution is really to occur in baseball, it isn't simply going to be a matter of a single pitcher recording a ton of innings. Exhibit A in an argument against the reality of an Andrew Miller Revolution is that Andrew Miller himself is only on pace for around 88 innings this season. What Miller did in the postseason last year is likely to remain a product of the postseason.
There might be a different sort of bullpen revolution occurring in Ohio, though. Only, this one isn't happening in Cleveland. Rather, it's unfolding about four hours southwest on I-71. If there is a bullpen revolution brewing, it's happening in Cincinnati.
Consider: if a team were starting a bullpen from scratch and trying to create an ideal bullpen, they would likely abide by three basic principles.
Put the best pitchers in the most important situations. Ignore the save statistic. Use the best pitchers for multiple innings.
Let's evaluate the Reds' bullpen usage this season so far by each of these three principles.
1.Put the best pitchers in the most important situations.
The reasoning behind this one should be pretty obvious. It's best to put a club's best pitchers in the situations where they'll have the biggest influence on the game. The Reds likely don't have a great bullpen. Here's what our Depth Charts say about the Reds' bullpen for the rest of the season.
Raisel Iglesias is clearly the best reliever the Reds. After that, Drew Storen and Michael Lorenzen are close, but their performances last season and the early part of 2017 suggest Lorenzen is the better pitcher, with his projections potentially suppressed by a poor starting line. After that, the remainder of the relief corps is pretty much a mess. Here's the average leverage index so far this season for the moments when Cincinnati's relievers have entered games (minimum two appearances).
Reds Relievers, Leverage Index Name G IP SV FIP WPA gmLI Michael Lorenzen 4 6.0 0 1.15 0.46 1.58 Raisel Iglesias 4 5.2 3 1.92 0.38 1.41 Tony Cingrani 3 3.0 0 1.32 0.17 1.03 Cody Reed 2 5.0 0 3.38 0.19 0.82 Drew Storen 4 4.0 1 4.98 -0.06 0.68 Wandy Peralta 4 4.1 0 1.37 0.14 0.63 Blake Wood 5 4.2 0 0.84 -0.01 0.54 Robert Stephenson 2 3.2 0 4.35 -0.01 0.10
Yes, we're just a little over a week into the season. Still, the Reds' two best relievers have entered games at the most important times. Their importance is even more pronounced than this chart suggests, as both Iglesias and Lorenzen pitched on Opening Day in low-leverage situations, presumably to get their feet wet.
Since Opening Day, here's how the important reliever opportunities have manifested themselves.
Reds Relievers, High-Leverage Situations Date Inning gmLI Pitcher 4/10/2017 4 2.68 Lorenzen 4/7/2017 8 2.47 Iglesias 4/7/2017 7 1.91 Lorenzen 4/11/2017 7 1.91 Peralta 4/6/2017 6 1.73 Cingrani 4/11/2017 6 1.54 Storen 4/5/2017 9 1.53 Iglesias 4/11/2017 8 1.50 Iglesias 4/5/2017 8 1.47 Lorenzen 4/11/2017 5 1.36 Cingrani 4/6/2017 5 1.19 Reed
Lorenzen and Iglesias are responsible for six of the nine most important reliever situations this season for the Reds. Two of the three situations that didn't involve Iglesias and Lorenzen occurred on April 11, when Lorenzen was unable to pitch after going three innings the day before in the highest-leverage situation of the season. Lorenzen came in with the bases loaded and no outs with a four-run lead. On average, at least one run is scored in that situation 86% of the time; on average, more than two runs are scored. The three batters Lorenzen faced that inning were the three highest-leverage plate appearances of the game for Reds pitchers. He got out of the inning, and the Reds cruised to victory (Hat tip to C. Trent Rosencrans who dared anyone else to notice, and has been paying close attention to the Reds' bullpen shakeup for a while. Brian Kenny did notice).
So Lorenzen was unavailable on the 11th and Wandy Peralta and Drew Storen came in at important moments, but when Iglesias eventually came in, the leverage index was pretty close to the mark at which those other two had entered. When there are important outs to get, Reds manager Bryan Price chose to go with his best relievers.
2. Ignore the save statistic.
This one can be incredibly difficult for managers. If there's a three-run lead in the ninth, a closer comes in. That's just the way it's done. Pitchers get paid for saves — especially in arbitration — so they want those saves. Generally speaking, a manager isn't going to be way off base in using his best relievers in save situations. Getting the final outs of a close game will generally be pretty high-leverage situations. If you look at the leaderboards for leverage from last season, you will find a whole lot of closers near the top of the list. The Reds will likely best served by pitching Iglesias at the end of games when the team has a close lead.
However, not every save situation is the same. Take April 6, for example. Tony Cingrani got three important outs in the seventh inning, when the team was ahead 5-4 (on a Michael Lorenzen homer), but the Reds scored two more runs to make it 7-4 and had a three-run lead and a save situation headed into the top of the ninth. Raisel Iglesias had pitched the day before, but probably could have come in. The save situation wasn't as demanding as many others, though. The Reds possessed a 96.6% win expectancy. The leverage index was just 0.77.
That seemingly minor decision had a positive ripple effect: benefiting from an extra day of rest, Iglesias was then able to come in during the eighth inning the following day, protecting a 1-0 lead and pitching two innings to close out a win. Raisel Iglesias is going to get a lot of saves this season, but he doesn't need to get all of them to be most valuable to the Reds.
3. Use the best pitchers for multiple innings.
This strategy isn't going to work for every team. Many veteran relievers have long become accustomed to one-inning outings, and their arms might not react well to going more than one inning. That isn't the case in Cincinnati. Raisel Iglesias isn't in the bullpen because he couldn't go two innings. He's there because he couldn't go six. He started games last year, though. Lorenzen started games in 2015, and Cody Reed started games last season. If Robert Stephenson improves, he could go multiple innings, as well. Iglesias has gone more than one inning in his last two appearances; perhaps Lorenzen's three-inning outing will lead to longer appearances, as well.
This aspect of the bullpen — and ignoring the save, as well — are both less important than point No. 1 above, but they serve to maximize the important innings relievers receive without overworking them. This situation might not work as well for all teams. Many teams have more reliable relievers than the Reds and it isn't as necessary. If some sort of bullpen revolution is coming, it's not coming in the form of Andrew Miller. It's going to look a lot like what the Reds are doing right now by letting their best relievers get the most important outs. It doesn't seem that revolutionary, perhaps, but strict roles and the save statistic have made usage rigid. Cincinnati is doing something different, and so far this season, they have gotten positive results. The Reds aren't expected to be in contention, but Bryan Price, the pitchers involved and the rest of the organization deserve a lot of credit for moving forward against the more traditional model.
A journalist at the Telegraph (U.K.) has some grim news for the Middle Class. Although Edmund Conway focuses on Britain in Middle class families face a triple threat, his remarks apply mutatis mutandis to the United States as well. I'll present his arguments with some brief commentary. Let's start at the top—
You don't usually expect radical neo-Marxism from the International Monetary Fund – the last great bastion of capitalism, spreading the gospel about the free market to the furthest reaches of the world... The claim made by the IMF's Financial Stability Report in 2005, in a seemingly throwaway remark, was that households had become the financial system's "shock absorber of last resort". In other words, whereas in previous eras, much of the pain of recession and financial crisis was borne by businesses or governments, with families afforded some degree of protection by the pensions system or welfare state, it was now households who were far more likely to face the music...
Here in the United States, it is quite clear that households are facing the music. How does it feel to be a shock absorber? Does it feel like somebody's jumping up and down on you all the time?
Let's get the details—
The problem is that families face a threefold threat to their prosperity. The first issue – the one that the IMF was originally focusing on – is pensions. Not so long ago, households were lucky enough to receive gold-plated pensions that would guarantee a certain pay-out upon retirement...
Private pensions disappeared in a puff of smoke years ago. And as Mish points out just about everyday, extravagant public pension programs are also unaffordable. Most Baby Boomers are completely unprepared for retirement, and many of them have debt up the wazoo. What should households do now?
Suddenly households have gone from being able to rely on a constant stream of legally protected income from their employer to having to manage their own investments... This would be fine if one could be assured that most people would have either the time or the inclination to understand these new responsibilities. But every piece of evidence – academic and anecdotal – suggests that they do not. The result is that the majority of households are heading blindly towards a future of relative poverty.
Actually, having to "manage" your investments to earn your retirement income, assuming there is some money to invest, is much worse than Conway says. First, it's now expected that you've got to gamble (or learn how to) in a sea full of sharks. And worse, even many of the professional gamblers have no idea how to make money in the markets anymore. Low-yield Treasuries, anyone?
The second issue is that the welfare state has become unaffordable...
This became obvious recently when Congress failed to pass extensions of benefits for the long-term unemployed.
And it is not merely that the middle class and the poorest have found themselves squeezed so hard: it is that so much of the extra cash generated during the boom years (and even after them) has been actively funnelled towards the most wealthy. The median wage in the US, adjusted for inflation, has been stagnant for pretty much three decades. But the figures at the high end of the scale have soared; whereas in 1970 the average US chief executive made $25 for every dollar of their typical employee's salary, today the figure is more like $90.
Well, yes, although this is hardly ever discussed in the United States. I write about wealth & income inequality in America all the time (e.g. see Trickle Down Economics). Let's get to the bottom line—
Moreover, there is good reason to suspect, as Raghuram Rajan points out in his new book, Fault Lines, that policy-makers have only been able to persuade people to live with this manifestly unfair situation by pumping up ever bigger booms in the property and stock markets to give them the impression that they are actually making money. Now that the bubble has burst and debt is harder to procure, that illusion has evaporated. All this before one even takes into account the third problem for households – that they are having to bear the costs of the clean-up for the financial crisis... So I have one simple question: when do the politicians intend to let the public know about the fate that awaits them? The longer they put it off, the nastier the reaction, the bigger the strikes and the greater the chance that governments will fall.
Don't say you weren't warned.
Perhaps you have the same question—When do the politicians intend to let the public know about the fate that awaits them?
I think we know the answer—Never. At least if you read DOTE, you can no longer say you weren't warned.
Everybody faces this problem; looking good in one picture while looking ugly in a picture taken from a different angle. Well, if you have faced this, Stephen Eastwood explains the magic of the camera lens that can make one picture the best and the other worst.
This phenomenon probably happens mostly on social networking or some dating websites. The person looks great in the pictures on his/her profile but when you look that person in-person you say …………! (Enough said)
The problem occurs mainly due to lens distortion. Lenses, no matter how advanced they are, are not like our eyes. They bend light rays and capture a two dimensional picture in a limited field. The picture then distort itself depending on the focal length of the lens, due to which its content gets affected and hence some faces also become uglier or more beautiful.
You can clearly see in the above photographs, how the field of view increases inversely by decreasing focal length of the lens used. (The portraits above are pictures of the same subject in one position.)
As you can see with the 19mm lens, the picture is the most distorted and as the focal lens goes up distortion becomes lesser. The distortion in some cases acts in the favour of the subject and in some cases, it's completely the opposite.
Larger lens also provide some distortion to the image and the face of the subject actually becomes somewhat flatter and wider than usual.
To get the best results you have to have the suited anatomy. That is why we call some people ‘photogenic' as their pictures are always great and suit most camera lenses.
If you are a professional or an occasional photographer, you can easily spot these distortions while taking pictures. Anyway, I believe that “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder”. 😉
Luck had the best game of his young career on Sunday afternoon, completing 62.5 percent of his passes for an NFL rookie-record 433 yards and two touchdowns. He helped the Colts convert a whopping 13 of 19 third-down opportunities and completed five or more passes to four different receivers. He led a game-winning drive that culminated in a 43-yard Adam Vinatieri field goal with six minutes remaining in the contest.
Manning put together another impressive performance in the Broncos' 31-23 road victory over the Bengals , completing 77.1 percent of his passes for 291 yards and three touchdowns (while giving up two interceptions). He helped the Broncos convert nine of their 14 third-down opportunities and led two key fourth-quarter touchdown drives to seal the win. He did all of his damage without getting much assistance from the Broncos' run game, which produced just 68 rushing yards.
Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts also faced plenty of pressure heading into Sunday's game against the Miami Dolphins. The two young AFC squads entered with identical 4-3 records, and the matchup had potential playoff implications. The Dolphins arrived in Indianapolis having won three straight games, holding each opponent to 14 points or fewer. Miami also boasts a disruptive pass rush, and had collected 22 sacks on the season prior to Sunday. Finally, Luck faced the added emotional pressure of performing with head coach Chuck Pagano in attendance, following his recent cancer treatments .
Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos faced a lot of pressure heading into Sunday's game against a desperate Cincinnati Bengals squad that had jumped out to a 3-1 start before dropping three straight games. The Bengals sorely needed a win to stay in contention in the AFC North, and would be throwing one of the NFL's top pass-rushing defensive fronts at Manning. (Cincy entered the matchup with 23 total sacks.) The Broncos needed to win this game to stay alone atop the AFC West.
The Post-Game Pick
Manning would be my choice for MVP if the season ended today, but Luck had the more impressive Week 9 performance. His passing yardage was remarkable, but his work on third downs really stood out. He continually avoided pass rushers, found the open receiver and delivered accurate passes. Also, despite putting the ball in the air 48 times, he avoided turning it over. It's very rare to see a rookie quarterback carry a team the way Luck did on Sunday. He was the clear winner in this faceoff. -- Daniel Jeremiah
This article was first published by GR on November 21st 2013
A Funeral Notice for Osama bin Laden was published on December 26, 2001, in the Egyptian newspaper al-Ward. An English translation is provided below. Anyone fluent in Arabic is invited to verify or correct the translation. This item was sent to me from a reader abroad.
Also below are is a CNN interview with its medical correspondent who examines the last non-faked video of bin Laden and concludes that bin Laden is seriously ill.
There is also below a 2002 report that Israeli intelligence has concluded that bin Laden is dead.
I cannot attest to the correctness of any of these reports, but it is unclear why there would be so much disinformation from such varied sources about bin Laden's condition or what purpose is served.
You can use this information to evaluate the Obama regime's unsubstantiated claim that Navy SEALs killed bin Laden in Pakistan a decade later.
Try to identify a single event that the US government has not lied about. Weapons of mass destruction? Iranian nukes? Assad's chemical attack? Spying on Americans? 9/11? The assassination of President John F. Kennedy? The unemployment rate?
Osama Bin Laden is dead since December 26, 2001. Translation of Funeral Article in Egyptian Paper
Osama Bin Laden is dead since December 26, 2001. Translation of Funeral Article in Egyptian Paper al-Wafd
The original article:
Translation of Funeral Article in Egyptian Paper:
al-Wafd, Wednesday, December 26, 2001 Vol 15 No 4633
News of Bin Laden's Death and Funeral 10 days ago
Islamabad –
A prominent official in the Afghan Taleban movement announced yesterday the death of Osama bin Laden, the chief of al-Qa'da organization, stating that binLaden suffered serious complications in the lungs and died a natural and quiet death.
The official, who asked to remain anonymous, stated to The Observer of Pakistan that he had himself attended the funeral of bin Laden and saw his face prior to burial in Tora Bora 10 days ago. He mentioned that 30 of al-Qa'da fighters attended the burial as well as members of his family and some friends from the Taleban.
In the farewell ceremony to his final rest guns were fired in the air. The official stated that it is difficult to pinpoint the burial location of bin Laden because according to the Wahhabi tradition no mark is left by the grave. He stressed that it is unlikely that the American forces would ever uncover any traces of bin Laden.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta: Bin Laden would need help if on dialysis
(CNN) 1-21-02
–Speculation about the whereabouts and
health of Osama bin Laden picked up over
the weekend when Pakistan's president, Gen.
Pervez Musharraf, said he thought bin Laden
had likely died of kidney failure.
CNN medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta
spoke Monday with CNN's Paula Zahn about bin
Laden's appearance in recently released
videotapes and the possibility that the accused
terrorist leader was undergoing kidney treatment.
ZAHN: For a point of reference, I'd like for you
to analyze pictures of Osama bin Laden that
apparently were taken prior to September 11.
Describe to us the color and the tone of his skin,
and then I want you to contrast that with pictures
we know to have been taken much later.
GUPTA: You can look [at pictures from a
December 2001 video] and notice that he has
what some doctors refer to as sort of frosting
over of his features — his sort of grayness of
beard, his paleness of skin, very gaunt sort of
features. A lot of times people associate this with
chronic illness. Doctors can certainly look at that
and determine some clinical features.
But even more than that, it's sometimes possible
to differentiate the specific type of disease or
illness that he may be suffering from. The sort of
frosting of the appearance is something that
people a lot of times associate with chronic
kidney failure, renal failure, certainly someone
who is requiring dialysis would have that.
He's also not moving his arms. I looked at this
tape all the way through its entire length. He never
moved his left arm at all. The reason that might
be important is because people who have had a
stroke — and certainly people are at increased risk
of stroke if they also have kidney failure — he
may have had a stroke and therefore is not
moving his left side. And in the rest of the
videotape, he does move his right side a little bit
more than he does his left. So those are some of
the things that are sort of “of note” here in this
more recent videotape.
ZAHN: I think we need to remind the viewers
once again that the president of Pakistan talked
about [bin Laden] importing two dialysis
machines into Afghanistan. Of course, no one
other than the president of Pakistan right now is
confirming that [bin Laden] in fact needed
dialysis.
GUPTA: That's right. And again, renal dialysis –
talking about hemodialysis — is something that
really is reserved for patients in end-stage renal
failure. That means their kidneys have just
completely shut down.
The most common cause of something like that
would be something like diabetes and
hypertension. Once that's happened, if you're
separated from your dialysis machine — and
incidentally, dialysis machines require electricity,
they're going to require clean water, they're going
to require a sterile setting — infection is a huge
risk with that. If you don't have all those things
and a functioning dialysis machine, it's unlikely
that you'd survive beyond several days or a week at
the most.
ZAHN: If he had all these things you're talking
about to keep the dialysis machine running, how
much help does he need around him to administer
the treatment?
GUPTA: You certainly need someone who really
knows how to run that dialysis machine. You
have to have someone who's actually assessing
his blood, Osama bin Laden's blood, to see what
particular dialysate he would need, and to be able
to change his dialysate as needed. So you'd need a
kidney specialist, a technician — quite a few
people around him.
Israeli intelligence: Bin Laden is dead, heir has been chosen
SPECIAL TO WORLD TRIBUNE.COM
Wednesday, October 16, 2002
TEL AVIV Osama Bin Laden appears to be dead but his colleagues have decided that Al Qaida and its insurgency campaign against the United States will continue, Israeli intelligence sources said.
Al Qaida terrorists have launched a new campaign of economic warfare and are targeting shipping in the Middle East, according to U.S. intelligence officials.
The Israeli sources said Israel and the United States assess that Bin Laden probably died in the U.S. military campaign in Afghanistan in December. They said the emergence of new messages by Bin Laden are probably fabrications, Middle East Newsline reported.
But Bin Laden's heir has been chosen and his colleagues have decided to resume Al Qaida's offensive against the United States and Western allies, the sources said.
They said the organization regards the United States as the main target followed by Israel. “In this case, it doesn't matter whether Bin Laden is alive or not,” a senior Israeli intelligence source said. “The organization goes on with help from key people.”
The sources said Al Qaida has already determined Bin Laden's heir. They said the heir has not been identified, but is probably not Bin Laden's son, Saad. Saad is said to be in his 20s and ranked within the top 20 members of Al Qaida.
Earlier this week, Bin Laden's deputy, Ayman Zawahiri, was said to have released a videotape in which he claims that the Al Qaida leader is alive and functioning. Bin Laden's voice was not heard on the tape.
A senior Bush administration economic official said last week that another major Al Qaida attack anywhere in the world could have devastating economic repercussions.
The FBI warned last week that Al Qaida may be preparing for a major attack. The warning followed the release of an audio tape featuring the voice of Zawahiri.
Bombings in Bali aimed at tourists, an attack on U.S. soldiers training in Kuwait and the bombing of a French tanker in Yemen are signs of the new campaign, Geostrategy-Direct.com reported in its Oct. 22 edition.
The first attack was carried out last week with the Al Qaida terrorist attack on the French tanker Limburg, a 157,000-ton ultra large crude oil carrier, that was bombed as it picked up a pilot before mooring at the Yemeni port of al Shihr.
One crew member was killed and others were injured in the blast.
According to intelligence officials, a small boat approached at high speed from the starboard side of the ship and detonated a large explosive device.
A week earlier, the Office of Naval Intelligence issued an alert to ships in the Middle East to be alert for Al Qaida terrorist attacks.
More investors are setting their sights on the financial technology (Fintech) arena. According to consulting firm Accenture, investment in Fintech firms rose by 10 percent worldwide to the tune of $23.2 billion in 2016.
China is leading the charge after securing $10 billion in investments in 55 deals which account for 90 percent of investments in Asia-Pacific. The US came second taking in $6.2 billion in funding. Europe, also saw an 11 percent increase in deals despite Britain seeing a decrease in funding due to the uncertainty from the Brexit vote.
The excitement stems from the disruption of traditional financial institutions (FIs) such as banks, insurance, and credit companies by technology. The next unicorn might be among the hundreds of tech startups that are giving Fintech a go.
What exactly is going to be the next big thing has yet to be determined, but other developments in computing like artificial intelligence (AI) may play a huge part.
Stiffening competition
The growing reality is that, while opportunities are abounded, competition is also heating up.
Take, for example, the number of Fintech startups that aim to digitize routine financial tasks like payments. In the US, the digital wallet and payments segment is fiercely competitive. Pioneers like PayPal see themselves being taken on by other tech giants like Google and Apple, by niche-oriented ventures like Venmo, and even by traditional FIs.
Some ventures are seeing bluer oceans by focusing on local and regional markets where conditions are somewhat favorable.
The growth of China's Fintech was largely made possible by the relative age of its current banking system. It was easier for people to use mobile and web-based financial services such as Alibaba's Ant Financial and Tencent since phones were more pervasive and more convenient to access than traditional financial instruments.
In Europe, the new Payment Services Directive (PSD2) set to take effect in 2018 has busted the game wide open. Banks are obligated to open up their application program interfaces (APIs) enabling Fintech apps and services to tap into users' bank accounts. The line between banks and fintech companies are set to blur so just about everyone in finance is set to compete with old and new players alike.
Leveraging technology
Convenience has become a fundamental selling point to many users that a number of Fintech ventures have zeroed in on delivering better user experiences for an assortment of financial tasks such as payments, budgeting, banking, and even loan applications.
There is a mad scramble among companies to leverage cutting-edge technologies for competitive advantage. Even established tech companies like e-commerce giant Amazon had to give due attention to mobile as users shift their computing habits towards phones and tablets. Enterprises are also working on transitioning to cloud computing for infrastructure.
But where do more advanced technologies such as AI come in?
The drive to eliminate human fallibility has also made artificial intelligence (AI) driven to the forefront of research and development. Its applications range from sorting what gets shown on your social media newsfeed to self-driving cars. It's also expected to have a major impact in Fintech due to potential of game changing insights that can be derived from the sheer volume of data that humanity is generating. Enterprising ventures are banking on it to expose the gap in the market that has become increasingly small due to competition.
All about algorithms
AI and finance are no strangers to each other. Traditional banking and finance have relied heavily on algorithms for automation and analysis. However, these were exclusive only to large and established institutions. Fintech is being aimed at empowering smaller organizations and consumers, and AI is expected to make its benefits accessible to a wider audience.
AI has a wide variety of consumer-level applications for smarter and more error-free user experiences. Personal finance applications are now using AI to balance people's budgets based specifically to a user's behavior. AI now also serves as robo-advisors to casual traders to guide them in managing their stock portfolios.
For enterprises, AI is expected to continue serving functions such as business intelligence and predictive analytics. Merchant services such as payments and fraud detection are also relying on AI to seek out patterns in customer behavior in order to weed out bad transactions.
People may soon have very little excuse of not having a handle of their money because of these services
Pros and cons
Despite the exciting potential AI brings, there are still caveats. A big challenge for Fintech is to develop AI to be as smart as it can. There will be no shortage of people who will try to game and outwit such systems.
While AI seeks to eliminate human error, the flipside – losing the human touch – is a common criticism of AI. Smart money decisions are best made through numbers and logic. However, people do have an emotional connection with their money so it will be a challenge for Fintech apps to create experiences that do not alienate its users. Take the sad stories of insurance claims being denied due to strict algorithms that disregard the nuances of the human condition. AI still has a way to go factoring in what is just and moral in its decision making.
As for finance as a field and industry, there is also the issue of financial analysts, advisors, bankers, and traders being threatened to obsolescence by AI. A running joke with AI alludes to the Terminator movie franchise where AI seeks to eliminate humanity from existence. Unemployment, however, is rarely a laughing matter.
Towards the future
With the stiff competition in Fintech, ventures have to deliver a truly valuable products and services in order to stand out. The venture that provides the best user experience often wins but finding this X factor has become increasingly challenging.
The developments in AI may provide that something extra especially if it could promise to eliminate the guess work and human error out of finance. It's for these reasons that AI might just hold the key to what further Fintech innovations can be made.
This post is part of our contributor series. It is written and published independently of TNW.
This post is part of our contributor series. The views expressed are the author's own and not necessarily shared by TNW.
Read next: TNW's 5 rules for writing the perfect cold email
After years of pressure from ISPs, net neutrality is under threat by the FCC itself. Chair Tom Wheeler promised to revive the Open Internet Order after it saw an unceremonious defeat in January, but a leaked version of his latest proposal would let companies pay ISPs for a "fast lane" to subscribers, undermining the spirit of the original rules, which barred companies from discriminating between services. Despite Wheeler's reassurances, this new proposal is the exact opposite of net neutrality. It could undermine both the companies of today and the startups of tomorrow. It might also be exactly the push activists need to fight back.
The new rules aren't entirely the FCC's fault. The January court ruling in a lawsuit by Verizon gave it limited power to regulate broadband providers under existing law, and there's only so much it can do as long as they're classified as "information services" rather than common carriers like traditional phone companies. There's nothing explicitly stopping it, however, from reclassifying these services, which is exactly what net neutrality supporters have been urging it to do for years. The problem is that putting ISPs under the more restrictive common carrier designation would light a political powder keg, pitting proponents of a truly open internet against business advocates who say common carrier regulations would strangle ISPs' ability to innovate. For the past few months, Wheeler has played it safe, promising a framework that seemed fragile but ultimately inoffensive.
"I'm really worried that what the FCC would do now is both lose in court and fail to protect net neutrality."
The new proposal, though, threatens to codify critics' worst fears, and it's spurred many of them into action. In a letter, Senator Al Franken (D-MN) warned that it "would not preserve the Open Internet — it would destroy it." His language is reminiscent of the response to another "internet-destroying" policy: SOPA, the anti-piracy bill that mobilized perhaps the most effective online protest of all time. Like SOPA, these proposed Open Internet rules tackle an issue that's near to the hearts of both internet denizens and tech companies. And as the FCC plans to officially consider the rules on May 15th, they're figuring out how to mobilize the same kind of opposition.
Though the company hasn't confirmed anything on the record, sources say that outspoken net neutrality proponent Netflix has privately brought concerns to the FCC, and that it, Google, and other major players are quietly planning an accompanying publicity blitz. Other groups have been more open. Mozilla, a prominent participant in the 2012 anti-SOPA blackout, has filed a petition with the FCC, asking it to regulate parts of internet service providers' business under common carrier laws. Mozilla senior policy engineer Chris Riley sees the FCC's current proposal as the worst of both worlds: by allowing "commercially reasonable" discrimination, it's allowing ISPs to undermine net neutrality, and by requiring a baseline level of service, it could be stretching beyond the limited authority courts have given it. "I'm really worried that what the FCC would do now is both lose in court and fail to protect net neutrality," he says.
Reddit users have suggested tiered pricing for Imgur cat pictures
If it fails, net neutrality supporters predict dire consequences. "I don't think that Reddit as we know it, and especially the next Reddit, the next small company, will be able to develop and thrive" under the new Open Internet rules, says Reddit general manager Erik Martin. "It's going to basically ensure that the next Facebook, the next Google, the next Reddit is going to be overseas." Reddit, currently one of the 25 most popular sites in the US, also joined the SOPA blackout, and it's planning a site-wide online protest on May 15th. Nothing is locked down, but he hopes some of the politicians who have spoken out against the proposal will make appearances on Reddit — a statement by Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) made it to the top of the site last week.
So far, Redditors have proposed tactics like a satirical throttle on popular image hosting site Imgur, letting visitors see ISP promotions for free but charging anywhere from $9 to $110 for cat pictures, animated gifs, and nudes. Wheeler's proposed rules wouldn't let companies outright block services, but the symbolism is clear. "I think the basic idea of giving people a glimpse of what it might look like should this come to pass is compelling," says Martin. "We've all grown up with an internet that is completely neutral and flat, and confronting people with what it might look like if the FCC proposal goes through and we end up losing net neutrality makes a lot of sense."
Every internet issue is 'the new SOPA'
Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian is also trying to recapture the spark. He's currently running a crowdfunding campaign to erect a billboard as close to the FCC offices as possible, similar to the "Don't mess with the internet" billboard he put in SOPA author Lamar Smith's (R-TX) home district in 2012 (the current proposal has raised around $15,000 of its $20,000 goal). This time around, he's also urged people to contact Congress and the FCC, linking to advocacy group Free Press' "Save the Internet" campaign, which will hold a protest in Washington on May 15th. "We can't get it wrong, everyone. The internet is too valuable and too important," says Ohanian in a video. "So please, help me, one more time, save the internet."
Ohanian's rhetoric is diminished slightly by the fact that virtually every internet-related issue of the last two years has been "the next SOPA" — the CISPA cybersecurity bill, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, even the thorny, extremely complicated NSA surveillance situation. Like all these, net neutrality is more complicated than the straightforward SOPA copyright bill. "[SOPA] was just bad in the sense that it was horribly written, it wasn't internally coherent, it was technically wrong on several points, and it was clearly written by the powerful content companies," says Martin. But net neutrality is "complicated and perhaps even a little boring," he admits. "I think once you understand the implications [of the proposal] and that it's going to change the internet as we know it, and once you realize how fragile our ecosystem really is, then it becomes extremely alarming and extremely important. But that takes a little work, to get that across."
And if the protest is to some extent getting the old gang back together, one very important member looks to be sitting things out. The Wikimedia Foundation was arguably the biggest player in the SOPA blackout, cutting off access to its massive US site to demonstrate the bill's perils. But a spokesperson says that the foundation hasn't seen high enough levels of community support to justify a public protest against Wheeler's proposal, though it may file an FCC comment in the future. "We've been talking to folks, and we certainly have people who are interested, but we haven't really seen a response similar to SOPA / PIPA," she says.
Wikipedia may be sitting this round out
Unlike something like NSA surveillance, though, the net neutrality proposal has yet to go into effect. The FCC has already attempted damage control, threatening to reclassify carriers if they take advantage of the system. There are also few issues more dear to the internet community. When Google, a long-time net neutrality supporter, appeared to compromise its position in a joint statement with Verizon, protesters gathered outside its office; more recently, in the wake of Netflix's direct connection deals with Comcast and Verizon, debate has broken out over whether the policy should be expanded to cover the internet backbone itself.
But it's hard to even explain the deal itself, let alone its implications. Likewise, when the Open Internet Order was struck down this spring, the FCC and cable companies' reassurances made it hard to point to specific harm. Opponents have called net neutrality a "solution in search of a problem," pointing to the generally good behavior of ISPs. After the court's ruling, ISPs promised that they would continue to support an "open internet" — Verizon, whose lawsuit was directly responsible for killing the Open Internet Order, said that the decision would "not change consumers' ability to access and use the internet as they do now." Wheeler's proposal, by contrast, visibly guts the order — it practically maps out the bleak "pay for play" future we could expect without regulation. If it passes, there's no going back.
The new proposal practically maps out a "pay to play" future
Many net neutrality advocates, including Martin, hope protesters can pressure the FCC into reclassifying ISPs as common carriers. After seeing the alternative, it's possible the public will rally around them, coming down hard on the FCC and Congress itself, which has the power to pass new net neutrality provisions or otherwise signal support for reclassification. But Martin would settle for just killing this plan — it's "certainly not as positive as actually getting reclassification," he says, "but it's much better than the proposal going through."
Mozilla's plan is more like a kind of regulatory judo. Its petition would leave services provided by an ISP to a user outside net neutrality rules, but it would require it to act as a common carrier for any "remote" services like Dropbox or Netflix — a statement says that would cover "all of our internet activity." If ISPs have opposed reclassification in general, they'll probably fight just as hard against a proposal that just applies to most of its business. But Mozilla's plan reflects the gap between the internet that the FCC regulated in 2002, just starting to transition out of the era of AOL web portals, and the one that exists today. "We have a new service here. A new service created by the ISPs, by net network technology," says Riley. "So what is that service?" To ISPs, their service is still that of a gatekeeper, directing traffic through a network. To net neutrality supporters, it's a utility, like a water pipe or telephone line. And on May 15th, both sides will see the line that they'll be fighting over in the coming months.
One of Australia's most senior public servants, who will head Peter Dutton's new security super-ministry, says the mammoth consolidation of power is necessary to protect Australia from the "dark universe" of globalisation.
Laying out what he called the "philosophical context" for the forthcoming Department of Home Affairs, Michael Pezzullo sounded a dire warning about the "evil" forces at play in an increasingly connected and mobile world.
Mr Pezzullo, who currently runs the Department of Immigration and Border Protection, referenced hard rockers AC/DC, media star Bec Judd and J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings trilogy in an expansive speech to business leaders on Friday.
He warned the "emotional view" of home as a safe place was obsolete, and that households as well as governments and businesses needed to think about - and act on - the dangerous downsides of ongoing globalisation.
The New Testament story describes Jesus walking on water in the Sea of Galilee, but according to a study led by Florida State University Professor of Oceanography Doron Nof, it's more likely that he walked on an isolated patch of floating ice.
Doron Nof
The study points to a rare combination of optimal water and atmospheric conditions for development of a unique, localized freezing phenomenon that Nof and his co-authors call "springs ice."
In what is now northern Israel, such ice could have formed on the cold freshwater surface of the Sea of Galilee—known as Lake Kinneret by modern-day Israelis—when already chilly temperatures briefly plummeted during one of the two protracted cold periods between 2,500 and 1,500 years ago.
A frozen patch floating on the surface of the small lake would have been difficult to distinguish from the unfrozen water surrounding it. The unfrozen water was comprised of the plumes resulting from salty springs situated along the lake's western shore in Tabgha—an area where many archeological findings related to Jesus have been documented.
"As natural scientists, we simply explain that unique freezing processes probably happened in that region only a handful of times during the last 12,000 years," Nof said. "We leave to others the question of whether or not our research explains the biblical account."
It isn't the first time the FSU researcher has offered scientific explanations of watery miracles. As a recognized expert in the field of oceanography and limnology—the study of freshwater, saline and brackish environments—Nof made waves worldwide in 1992 with his oceanographic perspective on the parting of the Red Sea.
His latest research appears in the April 2006 Journal of Paleolimnology, a scientific publication that addresses the reconstruction of lake history.
Using paleoceanographic records of the Mediterranean Sea's surface temperatures along with analytical ice and statistical models, Nof and his colleagues focused on the dynamics of a small section of Lake Kinneret comprising about 10,000 square feet near the salty springs that empty into it. Their analysis supports the likelihood that a brief blast of frigid air descended over the lake and dropped to 25 F (-4 C) for at least two days, coinciding with the chill that had already settled in for a century or more and quite possibly encompassed the decades in which Jesus lived.
If these atmospheric conditions existed simultaneously over a lake such as Kinneret, a floating ice patch could develop above the plumes generated by the salty springs.
Such a perfect combination of conditions on the low-latitude Kinneret might well seem miraculous. In the last 120 centuries, Nof calculates the odds as roughly once in 1,000 years. However, during the life of Jesus the prevailing climate may have favored the more frequent formation of springs ice—about once in 30 to 160 years.
Floating springs ice partially or entirely surrounded by unfrozen water could be virtually impossible for distant observers to discern, particularly if subsequent rains had smoothed its surface; and 2,000 years ago, even those with a better view might not have recognized a natural phenomenon so rare in their corner of the world.
"In today's climate, the chance of springs ice forming in northern Israel is effectively zero, or about once in more than 10,000 years," Nof added.
Among numerous honors throughout his career, Nof won the prestigious Nansen Medal from the European Geosciences Union in 2005. He is FSU's Distinguished Fridtjof Nansen Professor of Physical Oceanography and a member of its Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Institute.
In addition to Nof, the co-authors of "Is There A Paleolimnological Explanation for 'Walking on Water' in the Sea of Galilee?" are Professor Ian McKeague (Columbia University biostatistics department and formerly of FSU's department of statistics) and Professor Nathan Paldor (Hebrew University of Jerusalem, department of atmospheric science).
BofA has officially acquired Countrywide Financial – but not without taking on a surprisingly large amount of risk in times like these.
It's official: Bank of America has acquired Countrywide Financial, marking the completion of an audacious rescue of one of the most troubled lenders in the United States. The deal will expand Bank of America's reach in the mortgage business — but, in the current environment of rising defaults and delinquencies among American homeowners, the expansion obviously comes with serious risks. Countrywide was among the largest lenders in California and Florida, two states hit especially hard by the housing downturn. Both states have sued Countrywide alleging it engaged in unfair and deceptive lending practices. What's more, Countrywide has a big portfolio of home equity lines of credit, which some fear will be hit with a rash of defaults as borrowers run short of cash. Some analysts had urged Bank of America to abandon the deal. And judging from the swings in Countrywide's stock in the six months since the deal was announced, the markets have been questioning Bank of America's commitment to buying it. And yet Kenneth Lewis, Bank of America's chief executive, has been resolute that the purchase would go through.
One of the biggest problems is that while Bank of America has said that the combined mortgage branch will no longer originate subprime mortgages and stop making Option ARM loans (which can be deadly), the amount of those existing loans it absorbs from Countrywide put BofA at considerable risk.
Wachovia recently made an unexpected announcement that they were removing the pre-pay penalty from ALL Option ARMs implying that they see the massive liability to be great enough to forgo profits that can be made on it.
It may seem like a small step, but it's a rather significant one for a bank like Wachovia.
With BofA mum on any details of it doing the same, we're lead to believe that they're chasing the dollar, even if the dollar is veering every close to that gigantic cliff off in the distance. Bank of America might be wise to consider evaluating its footing before getting too close.
The tremors from the existing banking and economic crisis are enough to move giants and it's not a time to be caught with your pants down.
Bank of America is assuming that losses from lawsuits, now worthless Home Equity Lines of Credit, and Option ARMs, will be much less than they can make for the bank, so we'll see if their bet pays off.
Figure 10-2. - Remains from immersion in water for two weeks.
identification. Again tattoos are soft tissue evidence and therefore are prone to easy destruction by environmental effect. For many reasons, tattoos should be used only as a secondary means to a positive ID.
Personal Effects
Personal effects may include anything that is found on the body of the deceased that can be used to assist in establishing the identity of the individual. Drivers' licenses, credit cards, ID cards, ID badges, and passports are just a few such items. In the military, dog tags are used specifically for this purpose. Other examples of personnel effects that may be helpful in establishing an identity include name tags sewn into clothing, distinctive jewelry, inscribed jewelry, and family photographs. Personal effects, however, are the
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201701/3466/1155968404_5270400506001_5270388104001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Rand Paul warns Republicans not to repeal-and-delay Obamacare
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul is warning Republicans not to repeal Obamacare without voting in a replacement for the health care law on the same day.
“I think it's imperative that Republicans do a replacement simultaneous to repeal,” Paul said Wednesday on MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” cautioning that disaster in the form of insurance company bankruptcies and a “massive” bailout could follow a move to repeal the law without a new one in its place. “If they don't, Obamacare continues to unravel.”
Story Continued Below
Some Republicans, determined to repeal Obamacare quickly now that they have one of their own entering the White House, have advocated repealing the law with a delay period in which they would try to come up with some replacement. If they failed to pass a new law in that time, millions of people who depend on Obamacare for their health insurance could lose their coverage.
Paul, a libertarian-leaning Republican, made clear on Wednesday that he does not agree with his colleagues arguing for a repeal-and-delay strategy.
“We need to think through how we do this, and it's a huge mistake for Republicans if they do not vote for replacement on the same day as we vote for repeal,” Paul said.
Did Atari really bury millions of unsold videogame cartridges in the New Mexico desert in 1983? A documentary film crew aims to find out.
When the home videogames market went bust in 1982, the story goes, Atari was left saddled with millions of dollars in unsold Atari 2600 game consoles and cartridges.
Legend has it that foremost among the overstock was Atari's reviled adaptation of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, a game so notoriously awful that of the five million cartridges Atari manufactured, "nearly all of them" were returned unsold.
But E.T. wasn't alone. Distributors returned five million copies of Atari's ghastly, barely recognizable version of Pac-Man, too, and several other cartridges that underperformed Atari's sky-high expectations.
With its warehouses stuffed to bursting with products so unloved that retailers could barely give them away, Atari had no choice but to destroy the overstock – which in this case meant carting it to a city landfill in the desert community of Alamogordo, New Mexico, crushing it flat with steamrollers, and sealing it under a slab of poured concrete.
E.T. for the Atari 2600: Not up to Atari's usual standards (or Steven Spielberg's)
Or did it? While rumor-busting website Snopes.com officially lists the Atari burial story as "true", skeptics believe it bears many of the hallmarks of an urban legend, and that Atari couldn't have dumped its unsold product in the quantities described.
There's only one way to silence these modern-day revisionists. Over the next six months – a time period that will include the 30th anniversary of the alleged dump – a crew from Canada-based film production company Fuel Industries will scour the Alamogordo landfill in search of the truth, local TV station KRQE 13 reports.
Mind you, similar film projects have gone bust before. American readers may remember Geraldo Rivera's massively overhyped Mystery of Al Capone's Vaults from 1986, which devoted two hours to the decidedly unspectacular reveal of some dirt and a few old bottles.
But although no serious effort to uncover Atari's crushed cartridges has ever been made, Alamogordo resident Joe Lewandowski, who ran a waste-management company in the 1980s, claims to know just where within the 100-acre city landfill Atari's booty is buried. In true treasure-hunting form, he even claims to have seen it.
"It was the game systems, actually the game systems themselves it was actual cartridges and games, E.T. and so on," Lewandowski told KRQE.
Fuel Industries' planned excavation of the site Lewandowski has staked out has the full support of the Alamogordo City Commission, which officially green-lit the project on Tuesday and is looking forward to the media attention it will bring to the city.
"I hope more people find out about Alamogordo through this opportunity that we have to unearth the Atari games in the landfill," Alamogordo mayor Susie Galea said.
But your Reg hack can't help but be reminded of the haunting words of Indiana Jones's buddy Sallah from Raiders of the Lost Ark. To paraphrase: "E.T. If it is there, at Alamogordo, then it is something that man was not meant to disturb. Death has always surrounded it. It is not of this earth." You were warned! ®
Chuck Schumer will be elected the next Senate Democratic leader about a week after the Nov. 8 election. But a stare-down between Dick Durbin and Patty Murray has the tight-knit caucus fretting about a messy power struggle over the No. 2 job.
For more than 18 months, Senate Democrats have wondered whether Murray (D-Wash.) will challenge Durbin for the whip job. With leadership elections just a few weeks away, Murray is refusing to rule out any of her options, even as Durbin suggests he's got the job locked up.
Story Continued Below
A public fight over the job is unlikely, given that the Senate Democratic Caucus is eager for an orderly transition of power from Harry Reid — who's retiring at the end of the year — to Schumer. The New York lawmaker's ascension to the top spot from the No. 3 job is raising the prospect of him working hand-in-hand with Durbin, with whom Schumer enjoys a longstanding but occasionally frosty relationship.
Durbin has the votes to be reelected as the party's whip, people close to him say, a job he has held for 12 years. But Murray has stubbornly declined to say whether she might challenge him.
“Sen. Durbin would be honored to continue to serve the caucus as whip, and he has the support to do that,” said Ben Marter, a spokesman for Durbin.
This is not a new dilemma for Democrats: The will-she-or-won't-she Murray dynamic has played out for 18 months since the party fell in line behind Schumer's bid to succeed Reid. Then, Durbin claimed Schumer would support him as the party whip. But Schumer denied that deal and has never publicly offered support to Durbin. That disagreement has done little to alter the view that the two men maintain a tense rapport despite living together in a Capitol Hill rowhouse for years.
And now, 13 days before Nov. 8, Murray still won't signal her intentions — and is unlikely to until after the election, given that she's on the ballot in Washington. It raises the prospect of an ugly power struggle, right when Democrats will be seeking to portray Paul Ryan and his House GOP as unstable and disorganized.
“She's keeping her cards very close to her vest,” said a senior Democratic source.
Democrats say their main goal is to come up with a solution that gives the appearance that everyone is a winner, even if there is a limited amount of power to go around at the top rungs of Democratic leader.
“It's been so quiet as to suggest there's a way to figure this out to everyone's mutual benefit,” said a Democratic senator who has spoken to Durbin about the matter.
Indeed, Schumer's ascension creates what should be a good problem for Democrats: a high-ranking leadership vacancy in a caucus whose structure has been static since 2011. There's at least one upper-rung slot opening up with Schumer leaving his No. 3 position, but no clarity on whether Murray wants that job — or if she would seek Durbin's post, which comes with an office that overlooks the National Mall and a full-time security detail.
“People who say they know don't know,” said a second Democratic senator closely following the caucus's balance of power. “Even the preliminary framework has not been established. That being said, there's just enough food for both of them to eat.”
Murray has not broadly tested support for a challenge to Durbin and would be unlikely to do so without the backing of Schumer, who has not encouraged Murray to challenge Durbin. Plus it's unclear just how many new Democratic senators there will be, though there could be more than a half-dozen new female members of the caucus. A woman has never held the job of Senate whip in either party.
How the two senior Democrats handle the internal jockeying will then set the tone for the rest of the caucus' structure. The party is still seeking a chairman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, with one talked-about candidate — Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) — reluctant to take the job. That's got some members speculating that Maryland Senate candidate Chris Van Hollen or another freshman could take the gig with half the caucus up for reelection in 2018. The DSCC chairman in the next cycle will have a monumentally difficult task, defending 25 seats that include several in conservative territory. Republicans have to protect just eight seats.
Still, the smart money's on Durbin remaining in the whip role, given that a public challenge by Murray would thrust the party's dirty laundry into the open. Instead, Murray could become even more powerful by reinvigorating a committee and taking a stronger role in the party's political and messaging strategy. Murray could easily move a slot up in the pecking order while avoiding a clash with Durbin, which would buy her goodwill and keep her on the inside track to succeed Schumer.
Plus, Murray and Durbin have a good working relationship, without any history of personal animus, Democrats say. One factor that could portend a potential shake-up in the caucus' leadership ranks is if the leadership elections are delayed, but there is no indication that will occur. The leader and whip jobs are the only ones elected by the caucus.
“I think we're going to end up in a place where Patty chairs [Appropriations] and has some core role in leadership that maybe doesn't have the title whip,” said a third Democratic senator. “And Dick retains the title whip.”
Murray, a former preschool teacher, is actually seen as more likely to keep her current role leading Democrats on the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, where she would be able to work with a President Hillary Clinton on shared priorities such as health care and education. Still, Murray could see benefit to chairing the Appropriations Committee, which maintains major sway over billion-dollar spending decisions and last-minute deals.
The HELP committee may be sited of another clash between members: Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who is itching to wield his newfound influence that he gained during his presidential bid, continues to signal interest in the HELP gavel, though he is in line to become chairman of the Senate Budget Committee should Democrats come back into power.
Sanders said in a brief interview in September that it was “a little bit too early” to discuss whether he would challenge Murray should she decide to stay at the top of the HELP to peck order. A spokesman for Sanders underscored that point this week, saying Sanders was instead focused on electing Clinton and helping to regain the Senate majority.
If Murray doesn't take the Appropriations job, it's unclear who would try for the gavel at a once-powerful committee that has weakened as the congressional spending process withers each year.
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) has twice passed on the job to remain atop the Judiciary Committee, which oversees judicial nominations and hot-button issues such as immigration. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) seems likely to stay atop the Intelligence Committee. After them, Durbin would be next in line: He's currently slated to lead the Senate Rules Committee, a slot Schumer must vacate to become the party leader.
And no matter what Murray does, there will be a leadership vacancy in the powerful “Big Four” group of Democrats due to Reid's retirement, one likely to be filled by a close Schumer ally. Right now the favorite is Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), who is close to Schumer and currently plays a large role in the party's messaging.
Finally, there's the question of how the caucus's larger leadership group is arranged. Currently, Stabenow and Sens. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Mark Warner of Virginia hold slots in the party brass, lower-ranking positions that usually meet once a week with the rest of the leadership team.
Tristan Thompson appeared in 306 regular-season games for the Cleveland Cavaliers before tasting Playoff basketball for the first time in his NBA career. After making his postseason debut against the Boston Celtics, the big man who has played in every single game since the 2012-13 campaign began has answered the bell against the Chicago Bulls, providing the consistency and energy his teammates have desperately needed. Following the loss of Kevin Love, Thompson has filled the void up front for Cleveland by being the most active player on the court at both ends of the floor.
“Sometimes you notice it more, sometimes you notice it less,” Blatt said of Thompson's impact following the 101-96 Game 5 win in Cleveland. “But he's in the fray, all the time. And he makes big plays that don't necessarily show up as points. But a lot of times they're possessions that lead to points. Or they're momentum rebounds, or defensive slides, helps, switches, blocks, that can really, really save you. And I think he's done that continuously throughout the season.”
Thompson finished 5-of-7 from the floor for 12 points in the Game 5 win on Wednesday. During Game 4, he only needed six field-goal attempts to finish with the same number. For the series, he's shooting 61 percent from the floor overall and a respectable 75 percent from the free-throw stripe. But that's not what his coach and LeBron James talk about when referencing Thompson's value to the Cavaliers. It's his attack of the glass and relentless pursuit of the basketball around the rim that's causing praise to be heaped on Thompson, and helping to be the difference up front for the Cavs.
“Tristan's been unbelievable,” LeBron said after securing a 3-2 series lead over Chicago. “Through five games, I give him an A+. It's all effort with Double-T. Can't coach a motor. When a guy has a motor, you can't coach it. You put him on the floor, he's going to make things happen. He has a knack for rebounding, he has a high motor and he really, really cares. And obviously, we wouldn't be sitting here with a 3-2 lead without Double-T.”
The Cavaliers obviously wouldn't be in this position without James, either, who was locked in and attacking throughout Cleveland's latest victory. After hitting the game-winner on Sunday, James totaled 24 points in the first half before finishing with 38, 12 and 6 to go along with zero turnovers. It's a stat-line that Thompson and his desire to make others around him better takes pride in helping make possible.
“It's Game 5, LeBron in the Q to go up 3-2,” Thompson said of LeBron's performance. “That's what you expect. You expect that from him. So for us, we have to make things easier for him. Set good screens, get him open and let him work.”
Thompson put in his share of work during Game 5 as well, registering a double-double for the second time in the series. He's collected at least seven rebounds in each of the five games against Chicago and is averaging 10 rebounds per night for the series. He was also the first player to arrive in support of Matthew Dellavedova when a chippy exchange under the basket resulted in a Taj Gibson kick and subsequent ejection during the second half.
“He made a decision to do what he did,” Thompson said of Gibson. “We know we have to have each other's back, to have our brother's back. We used it as motivation to pick up our level and I think we responded pretty well.”
The Cavaliers did respond well initially—building a 92-75 lead following the ejection—but just as it's been throughout the series, Chicago punched back. The Bulls answered with an 11-0 run keyed by big shots from Jimmy Butler during the fourth quarter to trim the Cavs advantage to 101-99 with 1:18 remaining. But even though the Cavaliers pulled away to give themselves two chances now to punch their ticket to the Eastern Conference Finals, Thompson knows the battle with the Bulls is far from over.
“It's the Playoffs,” Thompson added. “You're playing against the Bulls, a hard-nosed team, a team that's going to hit you so you have to be able to withstand that and you have to throw the first punch. Because if they hit you first, they're just going to keep attacking. So we just have to be ready. We have another one in Chicago and we have to be ready to throw the first blow.”
If Thompson, James and the Cavaliers deliver the first blow early on Thursday it may prove to be the final one. With Pau Gasol injured and questionable heading into Game 6—and Gibson potentially facing a suspension—you have to wonder how much fight Chicago has left. Regardless, though, Thompson's mentality remains the same—see ball, get ball, and do whatever it takes to help James and company survive and advance.
Brendan Bowers is an NBA writer who covers the Cavaliers and the NBA in Cleveland for SLAM. Follow him on Twitter @BowersCLE. Image via Getty.
Associated Press Matt Pilz buys candy from Margaretta Wolf, 96, at Wolf's Groceries in Marshfield, Wis. on July 16, 2013,
Related Elderly grocery store owner refuses robber Associated Press
When a masked robber showed up at Wolf's Groceries in Marshfield, Wis. on Monday, he probably didn't expect a fight from its 96-year-old owner, Margaretta Wolf. The elderly store owner—who has run the grocery for 54 years—stood her ground and refused to capitulate to the robber's demands, despite the fact that he was holding a three-inch knife.
(MORE: Dunkin' Donuts Employee Stops Robbery with Hot Coffee)
“I said: ‘I'm not opening up that cash register and that's it, I'm not opening it. I said you can have all the Tootsie Rolls you want but I am not opening that cash register,'” Wolf told the Associated Press.
The would-be robber continued to order Wolf around, telling her to walk to the back of the store. Wolf refused. “I'll press a button and I'll have somebody here in seconds,” she recalls telling the crook.
The masked man finally noticed the security camera overhead and fled the store.
MORE: Arby's Employee Fired After Fleeing Armed Robbery
The third offering of Invicta FC happens tonight, live from Kansas City, KS. While the promotion has provided a venue for some of the best female fighters in North America, some fighters from overseas are also taking advantage of this opportunity to put themselves on the North American WMMA map.
Invicta fighters looking to make their name in North America
Headlining the card and fighting for Invicta's inaugural atomweight title is Japan's Naho “Sugi Rock” Sugiyama. The 34 year old Sugiyama is a perfect 9-0 in her MMA career and is a champion in Japan's Jewels promotion and has also competed for GCM . “Sugi Rock” is known for her grappling game and being able to control her opponent on the mat. A win over Jessica Penne would give her titles on both sides of the Pacific and provide no better introduction to the North American audience.
Aisling “Ais the Bash” Daly makes her return to Kansas City, having previously fought there in Bellator 26. The Irish fighter is hard to miss because of her hot pink hair and is known for being a hard puncher with good submission skills. She is currently the #4 ranked women's flyweight fighter in the world and is looking to build on her reputation with a victory over rising Invicta star Barb Honchak.
Joanne “Bad Mofo JoJo” Calderwood is a Scottish muay thai champion who also holds the honour of being the first women's MMA fighter to hail from the region. The 3-0 Calderwood's only other fight outside Scotland was for India's SFL and is hoping to establish herself with a highlight reel KO over Ashley Cummins.
Danielle “The Honey Badger” West enters the card on extremely short notice to take on the always dangerous Julia “The Jewel” Budd. The American-born West, now living in the UK, is known for being a tough as nails fighter as well as a renaissance woman. She writes novels, makes soap and claims life is “one long Dead Milkmen album”. She trains out of New Wave Academy in England with UFC veteran Nick Osipczak and comes into the fight with Budd feeling no pressure as a late replacement. She will be looking to wow the audience with an upset win in addition to her colourful personality.
While much of the event's media has been focused on Jessica Penne and Shayna Baszler, North American audiences would be doing themselves an injustice to sleep on the talent being imported for this card. Win or lose, these women are all warriors and will likely be walking out of Invicta with their North American fanbase significantly expanded.
To see an interview with Daly, Calderwood and West conducted by NSSRadioTV, click here.
The complete Invicta lineup for tonight:
105 pounds (atomweight title fight): Jessica Penne (9-1) vs. Naho “Sugi Rock” Sugiyama (8-0)
135: Shayna “The Queen of Spades” Baszler (14-7) vs. Sarah “The Monster” D'Alelio (6-2)
135: Raquel “Rocky” Pennington (3-1) vs. Cat Zingano (6-0)
135: Kaitlin Young (7-6-1) vs. Leslie “The Peacemaker” Smith (3-2-1)
125: Barb “Little Warrior” Honchak (6-2) vs. Aisling “Ais The Bash” Daly (13-3)
125: Tara LaRosa (21-2) vs. Vanessa Porto (14-5)
105: Michelle “The Karate Hottie” Waterson (9-3) vs. Lacey “The Ladie” Schuckman (7-5)
145: Julia “The Jewel” Budd (3-2) vs. Danielle “The Honey Badger” West (4-3-1)
115: Carla Esparza (7-2) vs. Lynn “Lights Out” Alvarez (5-2)
115: Ashley “Smashley” Cummins (3-0) vs. Joanne Calderwood (3-0)
105: Amy “Lil' Dynamite” Davis (3-3) vs. Stephanie “Macaquinha” Frausto (3-4)
135: Jessamyn “The Gun” Duke (1-0) vs. Marciea “Black Widow” Allen (1-0)
115: Tecia “The Tiny Tornado” Torres (7-0 amateur) vs. Kaiyana Rain (5-1-1 amateur)
145: Ediane “India” Gomes (8-2) vs. Katalina Malungahu (2-0)
______________________________________________________________________________
Follow @carlinbardsley on Twitter and keep up with the latest news by following @MMASucka on Twitter and on Facebook
Three cops accused of sexually assaulting a female officer returned to a Toronto courtroom this morning.
Officers Joshua Cabero, 28, Leslie Nyznik, 38, and Sameer Kara, 31, were charged with sexual assault and gang sexual assault in February 2015 in connection with an alleged incident involving a female parking enforcement officer while the officers were off duty.
The three cops, who all worked in 51 Division, were suspended with pay following the allegations and are currently out on $15,000 bail. They have been prohibited from drinking alcohol and possessing guns.
The officers have also been ordered to avoid contact with the complainant and 20 witnesses.
An internal investigation will be conducted when the criminal case is complete, Toronto police spokesperson Mark Pugash previously confirmed.
Jury selection in the criminal trial is expected to begin later this week.
A block-long commercial stretch in Carondelet faces potential demolition. The Watkins Block at 7200-30 South Broadway forms the center of the once thriving S. Broadway commercial district and sits directly across from the historic Southern Commercial & Savings Bank. Most of the buildings on the block date to the 1870s. Originally a French village, Carondelet became part of St. Louis City in 1870. The Watkins Block was condemned for occupancy in 2012 after years of neglect. It lies within the Central Carondelet Historic District.
A previous redevelopment plan by Jaymes Dearing's RESource LLC had envisioned reactivating the storefronts with retail, restaurant and office use, with twelve residential units above. That project qualified for 20% federal historic tax credits, 25% Missouri historic tax credits and a 10-year city tax abatement. That plan also proposed using the city's 50/50 facade program to offset restoration of the fronts facing Broadway. As part of that redevelopment effort, the city rezoned the property from “J” Industrial to “F” neighborhood commercial district. Dearing purchased the property in 2013.
Nevertheless, even after investing over $225,000 in the project including new roofs and tuckpointing for the three southernmost buildings, one of those buildings has sustained a partial rear structural collapse. In a letter sent to the city's Cultural Resources Office dated August 11, Dearing writes, “New estimates for the project now range between $4-5 million dollars, whereas, initially it was $3-4 [million].” To date, Dearing has been unable to line up a workable financing package and now proposes demolition of the entire block.
This block was the center of neighborhood life in the early and mid-twentieth century. A 1924 Gould's Blue Book listed C.R. Watkins Furniture & Fuel at this location. Across the street stood Fischer's Dry Goods, as well the Herz Hat Shop, Weisman Dry Goods, the Olson Hat Shop, Wasserman's Shoe Store and C.W. Mueller Grocers. Alongside the furniture store, the Watkins Block housed Kroger Grocery & Baking Company, Lampke Confectionery, Chott Varieties, Southern Florists, Robert M. Taylor, chiropractor, Al Fischer's Barbershop and the BM Tire & Vulcanizing Company.
A 1947 photograph shows C.R. Watkins Furniture and Fuel Company having grown to take up most of the block. A glass sign stretched horizontally along the front of the building, while another sign projected vertically from the front of the building. Additional signs were painted on the brickwork along the sides of the building. Lamps and furnishings were visible through the plate glass storefront windows. Al's barbershop was still open next door, as was a gas station. The cobbles lining the streetcar tracks were still visible on the road surface.
The Watkins Block reads as a textbook of commercial vernacular architecture between 1870 and 1920. On the same block one sees cast iron storefronts still intact, while other windows may be brick flat arches or segmented arches with keystones. Some buildings have side gabled roofs, others flat roofs, and still others second Empire Mansard roofs. Cornices up top may be in corbelled brick, in dentilled wood or glazed terra cotta. All buildings are contributing structures to the historic district.
Charles R. Watkins was associated with buildings on this block since at least 1879. A charter member of the Carondelet Lions Club, Watkins lived nearby at 5803 Michigan, where the I-55 interchange now stands. Watkins stood as Republican candidate for City Treasurer in 1938, pressing his case to the Attorney General and forcing an election after Mayor Bernard F. Dickmann, a Democrat, tried to appoint a friend to the traditionally elective office. The stained glass above the store in the 7200 block of S. Broadway still bears the Watkins name.
The city's Director of Cultural Resources has denied the owner's request for a demolition permit, a decision Dearing has appealed. The Preservation Board will review that denial at its October 23 meeting.
The State Department's inspector general last year subpoenaed the Clinton Foundation for documents related to work that required approval from the Hillary Clinton State Department, making it now at least four investigations involving the Democratic presidential candidate being conducted by federal agencies.
According to The Washington Post, the State Department inspector general's subpoena, which was filed in the fall, also sought records related to longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin's concurrent employment in 2012 with the State Department, the Clinton Foundation, and Teneo Holdings, a Clinton-connected consulting firm.
Clinton's critics have asserted that the overlap between the State Department, her family's foundation, and Teneo during her tenure created potential conflicts of interest. The book “Clinton Cash,” which was released last year, laid out numerous examples of the Clinton Foundation's wealthy donors gaining special access to Clinton's State Department. Other examples have emerged from the release of Clinton's State Department emails.
The newly revealed IG probe is in addition to the FBI's investigation of Clinton's private email server. That probe began last summer after the Intelligence Community's inspector general discovered “top secret” emails among Clinton's records. It also comes on top of the State Department's investigation of Clinton's emails. And as Fox News reported last month, the FBI also opened an investigation last year into whether the State Department provided special access and agency contracts to Clinton Foundation donors. (RELATED: Report: FBI Now Investigating Hillary's State Department For Corruption)
Several congressional committees are also conducting investigations on matters related to Clinton's email arrangement. The Senate Judiciary Committee and Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee are conducting investigations of their own. The House Science, Space and Technology Committee has also opened an investigation into the companies that provided technology services to maintain Clinton's email server.
According to The Post, IG investigators subpoenaed the Clinton Foundation last fall for “documents about the charity's projects that may have required approval from the federal government during Hillary Clinton's term as secretary of state.”
The subpoena also sought records related to Abedin, who held the title of “special government employee” at the State Department for the last half of 2012.
State's IG previously investigated Abedin and determined last year that she was overpaid $10,000 on sick leave and maternity leave claims.
It is unclear whether the Clinton Foundation or anyone else associated with Clinton was subpoenaed in that matter.
Though the Clinton Foundation downplayed the IG's investigation in a comment to The Post, Clinton's Republican opponents jumped on the news of the report.
Posted 13 November 2014 | By Alexander Gaffney, RAC,
A generic attention deficit hyperactive disorder (ADHD) drug manufactured by Mallinckrodt has been found by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to not be sufficiently equivalent to its reference drug, Concerta.
Background
Generic drugs are approved through FDA's abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) process. During that process, FDA is primarily concerned with data showing the generic drug is bioequivalent to the reference listed drug (RLD), sometimes referred to in common parlance as the "brand name" drug.
Bioequivalence refers to the "absence of a significant difference" between the bioavailability—specifically the extent and rate of absorption of two (supposed) pharmaceutical drug equivalents over the course of a period of time, at the same dose and under the same conditions. "The generic version must deliver the same amount of active ingredients into a patient's bloodstream in the same amount of time as the pioneer drug," FDA explains on its website.
Read more about bioequivalency and bioavailability studies here.
Drugs that are deemed to be bioequivalent are, for regulatory purposes, essentially the same.
To assist this process, FDA also published draft guidance on hundreds of different generic drugs establishing the recommended approach by which companies can demonstrate equivalence. For methylphenidate hydrochloride (Concerta) extended-release (ER) oral tablets, FDA recommends two studies: One under fasting conditions and the other under fed conditions.
Companies may also "waive" certain in vivo testing on lower-dose versions of the drug (18 mg, 27 mg and 36 mg) so long as their drug generates acceptable data in its 54 mg dose.
Generic Problems
But even when these guidance documents are followed, sometimes equivalency problems are uncovered after a generic drug is approved.
Consider the case of the antidepressant bupropion. In September 2012, FDA announced that it had asked Israel-based manufacturer Teva Pharmaceuticals to stop distributing Budeprion XL (bupropion) 300 mg after it conducted testing and found that significant differences existed between Budeprion and Welbutrin XL 300 mg, its Reference-Listed Drug (RLD) in the Orange Book. Teva marketed Budeprion on behalf of Impax, which owned its application and manufactured the drug.
Though a similar review in 2007 had found the drugs existed within acceptable tolerances of one another, a 2012 review by FDA found the opposite. "Budeprion XL 300 mg fails to demonstrate therapeutic equivalence to Wellbutrin XL 300 mg," FDA wrote in its findings.
One of the most basic problems may have come from how the drug underwent bioequivalence testing. FDA said the product was approved at the 300 mg dose based on studies conducted using the 150 mg dose. "This methodology was based on FDA's guidance at the time the products were approved," explained FDA. The agency also noted the lower dose was used as the basis of approval due to concerns that the higher dosage could cause seizures in otherwise healthy adults, and this concern caused FDA to grant Teva/Impax a waiver for the studies-a process it refers to as "waiving up."
FDA would ultimately reissue bioequivalency standards for the drug at the 100, 200, 300, 450 and 522 mg dose levels.
Teva's drug was formally withdrawn by FDA in March 2013, and withdrawals of other manufacturers' drugs soon followed.
Other Drug, Similar Concerns
FDA's concerns about extended-release generic drugs haven't just been limited to antidepressants, however.
Last year FDA issued an update to its Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) indicating that it was aware of the potential for "Certain methylphenidate Hydrochloride ER tablets" to lack the intended therapeutic effect. Though the agency did not recommend any course of action at the time, it said it was in the process of evaluating the issue "to determine the need for any regulatory action."
Now the agency is taking action based on the validation of those concerns.
In a press statement issued by the Irish pharmaceutical company Mallinckrodt, the company confirmed that its generic Concerta tablets were suspected by FDA to "not be therapeutically equivalent to the category reference drug Concerta."
"As a result, the agency indicated that it has reclassified Mallinckrodt's ANDA 202608 for methylphenidate ER dosage strengths of 27mg, 36 mg and 54 mg from AB (freely substitutable at the pharmacy level) to BX (presumed to be therapeutically inequivalent)," Mallinckrodt said, referring to the classification of generic drugs within FDA's Orange Book.
The change follows FDA's issuance of brand-new bioequivalency guidance for methylphenidate ER in November 2014. FDA's Federal Register announcement of the guidance contained no mention of any potential problems with current testing measures for the drug, however.
"Although the Draft Guidance has an open comment period through January 5, 2015, the agency nevertheless confirmed that this change would be reflected on November 13, 2014 in the on-line Orange Book: Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations," Mallinckrodt observed.
The company said it stood behind its products and believed they were safe and effective for their stated indications. "We believe that the FDA's actions are not supported by sound scientific evidence and not consistent with the best interests of patients," Mallinckrodt's CEO, Mark Trudeau, said in a statement. The company said that while it has been made aware of problems with some patients switching from Concerta to its approved generic, those cases represent a small number of patients relative to how many have taken the drug. “We believe this very low reporting rate is in line with response rates recorded for patients switching between different formulations of existing products,” Trudeau said.
While the drug has not been withdrawn from the market, based on FDA's actions with non-equivalent versions of bupropion, the agency could press Mallinckrodt to voluntarily withdraw its product.
Mallinckrodt Statement
President Rodrigo Duterte early Saturday declared “a state of lawlessness” or “a state of lawless violence” to counterterrorism and strengthen the campaign against illegal-drug trade.
Speaking in a televised interview, he clarified “it's not martial law but it would require nationwide, well-coordinated efforts of the military and the police.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“I have this duty to protect the country. I have this duty to keep intact the integrity of the nation,” he added.
“There will be major checkpoints,” he said.
Around 4 a.m. Saturday, Duterte visited the site of the explosion at the Davao City night market that had left 14 dead and 67 wounded, based on the latest police reports.
READ: 14 dead, 67 hurt in Davao blast—police
“This is not the first time Davao has been sacrificed in the altar of violence,” he added, citing there have been terrorist acts in the past.
He considered the incident a police matter, “not a war.”
He said such thing happened because Davao “is not under a fascist state. “
“Everybody can come in and out of Davao,” he said. “Davao is safe, there is no criminality here except terrorism.”
He ordered the police and the military to conduct searches and set up checkpoints in the city.
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked for his message his Davao residents, he said “keep calm.”
“The government is with you. We will protect everyone,” he said. With a report from Anthony Esguerra/INQUIRER.net
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
UPDATE: THE Australian Open has cracked the $50 million prizemoney barrier, continuing the tournament's stunning growth.
Single champions at the January 16-29 grand slam will receive a record $3.7million - an increase of $300,000 - while first-round losers will walk away with $50,000 each, up $11,500 on 2016.
Prizemoney has been boosted by 14 percent overall as the Open regains the mantle as the world's richest major.
Tournament director Craig Tiley said organisers wanted to ensure players were compensated at both ends of the spectrum.
Angelique Kerber the 2016 women's champion alongside runner-up Serena Williams Source: AP
“We are committed to further improving the pay and conditions on the international tennis tour to ensure every professional tennis player is properly compensated,” he said.
“It was especially important for us to increase the compensation for players in the early rounds and qualifying, and this year we have made some real gains.
“We are constantly reviewing ways to improve the life of every player on tour, not just the top 100. This includes increasing prize money as well as removing as many costs as possible associated with playing our events.
“Our aim is to shift the break-even point for professional players, to ensure that tennis is a viable career option for the best male and female athletes in the world. We are also committed to equal prize money, equal exposure and equal opportunity for men and women.
“In 2017, prizemoney for all three qualifying rounds has increased an impressive 39 percent, with $25,000 for players losing in the final round.
“First round prize money is up 30 percent, there's a 19 percent increase in the second round, and losers in the third round will be 20 percent better off, taking home $130,000.
Novak Djokovic won the 2017 men's tournament Source: News Corp Australia
“Compensation of this magnitude recognises the elite level these athletes have achieved and allows them to invest more in their own careers, which includes funding their own travel, coaches and conditioning expenses.
“We are proud of our record in looking after the players, and will continue the push for increased prize money for professional players.
Australian Open prize money has more than tripled since 2001, when it was $13.9m, with a $10m increase since 2014.
The 2016 Open offered a total of $44million with first-round losers receiving $38,500, while singles champions Novak Djokovic and Angelique Kerber walked away with $3.4million each.
In 2012, first-round losers in the main draw received $20,000, and the singles champion $2.3 million.
Men's and Women's main draw singles prizemoney breakdown
Winner
$3,700,000
Runner-up
$1,850,000
Semifinal
$820,000
Quarterfinal
$410,000
Round 4
$220,000
Round 3
$130,000
Round 2
$80,000
Round 1
$50,000
Men's and Women's Qualifying Singles
Round 3
$25,000
Round 2
$12,500
Round 1
$6,250
The final scenes of Return Of The Jedi are imprinted on the consciousness of millions of Star Wars fans. After bidding farewell to his dead father in an emotional cremation sequence, Luke Skywalker rushes off to an Ewok party, where everybody hugs and dances and some Ewoks play the bongos. The end.
But it could have all been so different. Speaking before this weekend's Star Wars Celebration V conference in Florida, producer Gary Kurtz has revealed that if it wasn't for the wild popularity of Star Wars merchandise, Return Of The Jedi would have had a much bleaker ending. "The original idea was that they would recover Han Solo in the early part of the story and that he would then die in the middle part of the film in a raid on an Imperial base," Kurtz told the LA Times.
"George then decided he didn't want any of the principals killed. By that time there were really big toy sales and that was a reason." What's more, the film would have shown Princess Leia struggling to cope with her new-found responsibilities, and would have ended with Luke Skywalker walking off into the distance as an embittered, Clint Eastwood-style loner.
In the end, though, George Lucas opted for the happy Ewok bongo version. Maybe he was right to avoid such a depressing conclusion – for all anyone knows, Star Wars might not have become the fiercely beloved series that it is today by ending on such an outright bummer. Then again, maybe he was wrong. After all, The Empire Strikes Back is widely regarded as the best Star Wars film, and the fact that it ended in the most downbeat fashion imaginable can't be a coincidence. Maybe wrapping up the whole trilogy in a blanket of death and misery would have further enhanced the franchise.
It's certainly braver to risk alienating your audience with a bleak ending, but it's a risk that pays off time and time again. Hilary Swank probably wouldn't have won that Oscar if her character in Million Dollar Baby fully recovered in the final scene. David Fincher would currently be out of work if, during the final scene of Seven, Brad Pitt opened the box to discover a fresh batch of delicious fairy cakes that Kevin Spacey had baked for him by way of an apology. Don't Look Now would have been a gigantic flop if Donald Sutherland, having run himself ragged across Venice looking for his daughter, had caught up with the stabby dwarf, shouted "Kiss me, you fool", and taken her on a lovely all-expenses trip around the Mediterranean.
Then again, not every film should have a sad ending. Imagine if Field Of Dreams ended with Kevin Costner sitting in an empty baseball field for a week, realising that nobody was actually going to turn up, and killing himself. Or if Tim Robbins got stuck in the sewage pipe during his escape from Shawshank and ended up suffocating in human effluent. Or if Sleepless in Seattle ended with Meg Ryan being graphically mauled to death by an escaped tiger.
The mythical glum finale of Return of The Jedi will have to remain a subject for countless pub conversations and nothing else. But what do you think? Did you like how it ended, or would you have enjoyed a few more flies in the ointment? Also, in general, happy endings v sad endings: which are better? Your thoughts below please.
Raising Armenia's population to 4 million by 2040 is a formidable challenge, an expert of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) in Armenia said concerning President Serzh Sarkisian's recent speech in which he formulated the task.
In his address to the newly elected National Assembly on May 18, the Armenian leader among the priorities also pointed out the need for a considerable improvement of Armenia's demographic situation in the coming decades.
UNFPA Assistant Representative Garik Hayrapetian said that Armenia, whose current population is estimated at about 3 million, will do a great job even if it can raise its population number by 500,000 during the next 20 years.
“Theoretically, everything is possible. But if we try to really estimate our abilities, then, I think, it will be rather difficult to achieve the announced figures. But even if we can achieve half of that, I think this will be a very big step forward for us in terms of improving and stabilizing the country's demographic situation,” the expert said.
Hayrapetian identified two main directions for achieving this goal. “What may bring results much faster in the first place is the organization of immigration. But for this it is necessary that the country become very attractive so that people who once left wanted to return. The second direction is, of course, an increase in the birth rate, which is not a simple task either,” the UNFPA representative said, adding that another challenge for Armenia is its aging society.
Two years ago the UNFPA conducted a large study, concluding that in the best-case scenario, if steps are taken in this direction, the population of Armenia by 2050 will be 3.2 million, while in the worst-case scenario, if nothing is done to reduce the scale of outmigration and stimulate the growth of the birth rate, the population of Armenia will drop below 2 million.
In his previous speeches President Sarkisian never addressed specific figures connected with the demographic situation. Specific numbers are even difficult to find in the government's program. Only the program for 2012-2017 indicates that the government intends to bring the birth rate coefficient to 1.8. However, in 2016, as it was in 2012, this coefficient remained at the same level – 1.6.
Meanwhile, according to official statistics, since 2008 Armenia's permanent population has dropped by more than 100,000 – from 3.1 million to 2 million, 990 thousand. According to the Migration Service, about 346,000 citizens have left Armenia for good since 2008. The birth rate slightly increased after 2008, but then it declined again. Since 2014 it has tended to consistently decline, while the mortality rate, on the contrary, is rising.
After some downtime, apparently it's now OK to say to again say these words:
Part of respecting the country and the institution of the presidency is standing up for what you believe in. Dissent is patriotic. — Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) November 19, 2016
“Dissent is patriotic” again?
.@JuddLegum @KurtSchlichter Really odd that it took 8 years for Dissent to become Patriotic again. — JustPlainBill (@JustPlainBill) November 19, 2016
Hilarious, right?
@KurtSchlichter @JuddLegum funny, dissent was racist just two weeks ago — rtr (@AppreciatesNick) November 19, 2016
Go figure!
@KurtSchlichter @JuddLegum Trust me, we aren't trying to make you stay Judd. Dissent all you want. pic.twitter.com/SjJJzPHZdu — Michael (@FSU1001) November 19, 2016
.@JuddLegum We've been told since 2008 that dissent is racist. #MoveOn — GayPatriot (@GayPatriot) November 19, 2016
It is indeed! (Except for 2009-2016, when it was racist) https://t.co/rgkA4DPJC2 — Nathan Wurtzel (@NathanWurtzel) November 19, 2016
Jumping the gun a bit there, Judd. It's still racist for another 9 weeks or so. https://t.co/asxxgwtHHM — L (@OrwellForks) November 19, 2016
Not until noon this coming January 20. Until then, it's still racist. https://t.co/gze4blztb1 — McG, Super-Genius™ (@mustacheofdoom) November 19, 2016
"After 8 years of me ass kissing our glorious Dear Leader Obama, dissent is now patriotic again." – @JuddLegum — Lefty Bollocks (@LeftyBollocks) November 19, 2016
OH! Look what just became popular again! https://t.co/SooD44vbQn — (((Book))) (@Book_56) November 19, 2016
@JuddLegum It has been racist for the last 8 years dude. — EducatédHillbilly™ (@RobProvince) November 19, 2016
@JuddLegum dissent was racist just a few weeks ago — Craig (@KC11A18A) November 19, 2016
It's like the last 8 years didn't even happen…. https://t.co/vVNJisDR8x — Dodd (@Amuk3) November 19, 2016
Dissent is always patriotic when Progressives throw a tantrum. https://t.co/32EGPVOmSe — GoSellCrazy… (@rrobertschwartz) November 19, 2016
RT @JuddLegum Part of respecting the country & institution of the presidency is standing up for what you believe in. Dissent is patriotic. pic.twitter.com/Qvmw9eq9cu — EducatédHillbilly™ (@RobProvince) November 19, 2016
So, if you're keeping score at home:
Many who have followed the Blue Jays and their prospects over the last several years were fighting some serious feelings this week. On Tuesday night the New York hype machine went into overdrive — as much as it can for the Mets, at least — thanks to the debut of the mountain of man-child with flowing locks and a killer fastball, Noah Syndergaard. And ol' Jeff Hoffman Lite looked pretty good, too!
[np_storybar title=”Sky's the limit as Blue Jays pitcher Roberto Osuna just keeps getting better” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/sports/mlb/skys-the-limit-as-toronto-blue-jays-pitcher-roberto-osuna-just-keeps-getting-better”%5D
Until two weeks ago, Roberto Osuna and Miguel Castro were inseparable. Then the burden of the big leagues split them up.
They entered the season as sudden Blue Jays, a couple of hard-throwing 20-year-olds who won bullpen jobs in spring training. Castro was the tall, skinny, silent one, and merit quickly thrust him into the closer's role. He overshadowed Osuna, the husky, voluble half of the flame-throwing duo.
Then, as Osuna stayed steady, Castro crumpled and landed back in the minors.
“He got a little bit frustrated after he got sent down,” Osuna said. “He was so sad. I hope he recovers pretty soon.”
Read more…[/np_storybar]
Wait, does that sound bitter? That bitterness is merely the natural byproduct of a day in which the entire baseball world worked itself into a lather over the Jays-Mets trade that included that guy — along with Travis d'Arnaud, a rather good catcher who can't seem to stay healthy — for R.A. Dickey, a Cy Young pitcher who has had plenty of utility since then, but has come nowhere near living up to the sky-high expectations.
The faint tang of bitterness aside, though, most of us came to terms then with the deal that sent Syndergaard — flavour of the week/new toast of New York, you pick — away. But it wasn't easy.
The shock of trading such huge pieces of the club's future really did a number on some people. General manager Alex Anthopoulos had stated since he was promoted to the big chair that the club fully intended to accumulate prospects so that they could trade their future value for the present value of major league players.
There had been nothing but giddiness at the deal that sent Yunel Escobar, Henderson Alvarez, Jeff Mathis, and a bunch of not-quite-elite prospects to the Marlins for five legitimate big league contributors — including Mark Buehrle, Josh Johnson and Jose Reyes. But there was some consternation over the cost of the Dickey deal.
Back then I wrote that it was a deal “that truly makes sense for the Jays in a lot of ways, despite the insanely puking high cost,” admitting that “it's taken a long while for me to come around to this point regarding this deal, and I think it's understandable that some yet haven't.”
The opportunity to add a reigning Cy Young winner — albeit an unorthodox one — was something that comes along so rarely for a team like the Blue Jays that it wasn't difficult to understand Anthopoulos's decision. The fact that he had already bet so hard on the 2013 season, thanks to his trade with the Marlins, made it wholly understandable to make another big win-now push.
You'll still find fans who dispute this — who believe that the Jays should have stayed the course and waited for the prospects to develop. Realistically, by the 2012 off-season, doing nothing was no longer an option for a front office that not only wanted to keep the wolves at bay, but saw huge opportunity in building around the emergence of the elite slugging duo of Jose Bautista and Edwin Encarnacion — both of whom were signed to significantly below-market contracts. It likely was no longer an option for an ownership group that ought to have been concerned about the decay of the Jays' brand and the value of the club's broadcast rights, which are a pillar of programming on their Sportsnet networks.
The Jays had built fans into such a lather about prospects that it is still hard for some to break out of the mindset, to continue to believe that waiting for guys like Syndergaard (who now has all one MLB start) and d'Arnaud (150 big league games over three years) would have been somehow worth it if they still had some of the other pieces dealt away in that off-season of excitement.
Adeiny Hechavarria is an outstanding defensive shortstop for the Marlins, and Alvarez is an excellent groundball pitcher who'd fit in the middle of any rotation. Jake Marisnick (traded last July by the Marlins to Houston) is getting playing time in the Astros outfield, too. But the rest have, so far, been non factors at the big league level. And the Jays, much more quickly than those aghast at their actions at the time might have believed, have absorbed the hit to their farm system and continued producing talent — even as they've kept on shipping it out, as in the trade that brought Josh Donaldson last November.
It didn't have to be Dickey, though. And it didn't have to be Syndergaard and d'Arnaud going the other way.
Seeing Syndergaard now, fawned over as he embarks on what's supposed to be a big-time career in the majors, only would seem to reinforce those initial fears. But given the circumstances of it, getting wistful for his departure seems to be misplaced. No matter how much those who want to believe they'd have calmly weathered two more rebuilding years may disagree, proudly saying “Well, I didn't like the trade at the time,” rings about as hollow as “Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.”
That isn't to say you have to have liked the particulars of each deal, but the Jays went for it, creating an excitement unseen in these parts since the World Series years. Now with Bautista, Encarnacion, Donaldson, Russell Martin, and their own exciting young crop of pitchers, they are hardly worse off for it. If there's something to get wistful about here, it's the spectacular mess of injuries and unmet expectations that the last two seasons have been.
Knowing what we know now, I wouldn't make the trade again. But I also wouldn't give up the idea of two years of what should have — could have — been some incredibly exciting times at the ballpark. It's just a shame it didn't work out. (Well, unless you're the Mets.)
Carl Herman,
Activist Post documents and asks the question if enough Americans are prepared to state the “emperor has no clothes” facts to impeach a US president in an important step to recognize and end US Wars of Aggression.
Importantly, war law prohibits the use of force, or armed attack by a nation's military. Mark Fiore is a Pulitzer-winning political cartoonist. His 2-minute video shows US Orwellian hypocrisy in their war-murders:
The US Orwellian-twisted this simple definition in their “legal” argument (section II, page 6) to claim their use of force in armed attacks on Libya was legal because:
The US had an “interest” in using force. The US use of force without UN Security Council (UNSC) authorization helps the Security Council's “credibility and effectiveness.” Use of force was “limited.” The goal of force is to help UNSC Resolution 1973US military personnel were not physically within Libya's borders. The above circumstances makes use of war legal.
Let's consider each point stripped of its Orwellian veneer:
Criminal war-murder is not excused because it's of “interest” to the murderers. The US obviously undermines UNSC authority by war-murdering, and then claiming such murders help an agency with the specific legal purpose of preventing such murders. Criminal war-murder is not excused because the murderers claim they limited the number of murders. The UNSC has the authority to determine for themselves what is and is not helpful. Dictatorial usurpation of that authority is the opposite of help. War-murders are war-murders no matter where the murderers initiate fatal use of force. The above circumstances damn the “legal” voices as criminal accomplices.
Occupy is the opportunity for the 99% to recognize and end this Orwellian and juvenile US “leadership.”
Citizens: make the most of it to make us all proud. My contribution of resources to help are here.
See more articles by Carl Herman here.
Donald Trump speaking at Turnberry -- (CNN screen grab)
We don't know for certain if Russian intelligence agencies are really helping Donald Trump win this year's presidential election… but he now openly admits he wants their help.
During a press conference on Wednesday, Trump directly encouraged Russia to help him politically by releasing emails that were deleted from Hillary Clinton's private email server while she was Secretary of State.
“Russia, if you're listening, I hope you find the 33,000 emails that are missing,” he said. “I think you'll be rewarded mightily by our press!”
It goes without saying that this is the first time that an American presidential candidate has openly called upon a foreign government to help him bring down his political opponent.
A wide range of security experts believe that Russian intelligence agencies are responsible for hacking and leaking embarrassing emails sent by officials at the Democratic National Committee that disparaged Bernie Sanders and his campaign.
Since then, questions have turned to whether Trump has any investments in Russia that might give the country influence over his decision making as president. Trump has denied any such investments, but nonetheless refuses to release his tax returns.
A launch party took place on 8 October at 4796 Niagara Avenue to celebrate the installation of a new bitcoin ATM in Ocean Beach, San Diego.
The bitcoin ATM is located in a small commercial building on Niagara Avenue. The machine is operated by CoinSource, the bitcoin ATM network that owns two other machines, in Las Vegas and New York City. The one-way ATM Genesis Coin, converting fiat into cryptocurrency, is produced by San Diego, CA based company Genesis Coin Inc.
This is not the first or the only bitcoin ATM in San Diego. Another machine operated by Coin Cloud is installed at Computer and Ink Store, according to Coin ATM Radar website. It is a two-way bitcoin ATM that charges 5% transaction fees. The world's first bitcoin ATM was reportedly installed in San Diego as early as in May 2013 by Canadian anarcho-capitalist Jeff Berwick and Evan Rose. San Diego will host a three-day bitcoin conference Inside Bitcoins on 14-16 December, 2015.
A new bitcoin ATM of the same Genesis Coin type was launched recently in Arlington, Virginia. The machine is located at the Spice on Wilson restaurant and is run by Virtual ATM LLC.
“I chose Spice on Wilson because of the location and the amazing food,” said John McKee, founder of Virtual ATM LLC. “Try their fish tacos!”
On Monday this week BitExperts LLC installed a new bitcoin ATM of the General Bytes type at the vapour boutique Vape in Chicago. The machine converts fiat into cryptocurrency with a 7% fee and supports operations with bitcoin and litecoin.
Last month Bitstop launched a bitcoin ATM in in the Wynwood Cafe in Miami city centre, Florida. Currently the U.S. is the leading country for the number of bitcoin ATMs, with 167 of them out of the world's total 473 located in the States.
Aliona Chapel
Fabián Castillo broke a record this weekend. Now, he's claiming an award.
The North American Soccer Reporters voted Castillo the MLS Player of the Week for his two-goal performance in FC Dallas' 3-2 home win against Toronto FC. The Week 7 performance saw Castillo score the fastest goal in club history, which took all of 29 seconds to set the tone for a crucial bounce-back win for Dallas.
The Colombian winger, who garned 45 percent of the week's vote, continued the impressive start by doubling the lead at Toyota Stadium minutes later. Castillo netted his third of the season in the 10th minute, taking a touch inside of Nick Hagglund before bending a wicked shot past Joe Bendik.
As eventful as the game began, it was slowed by a rain delay of more than three hours. The game was resumed, however, and FC Dallas did enough to hold off Toronto's late push en route to picking up the three points.
The MLS Player of the Week is selected each week of the regular season by a panel of journalists from NASR. The group consists of members of print, television, radio and online media.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
First, she came for your porn. Now, Pamela Anderson is coming for your ride home.
The former “Baywatch” bombshell stars in a new PSA aimed at curbing ride-sharing apps.
The clip shows Anderson, 49, playing “The Driving Game,” a sendup of “The Dating Game,” in which male contestants from ride-sharing apps compete to drive her home.
She opts for the third, who claims to be licensed and background-checked, over the ride-sharing drivers, who are portrayed as cartoonish buffoons who haven't had background checks or drug tests.
“Be safe. Think before you app,” Anderson says in the PSA, which is part of the National Limousine Association's “Ride Responsibly” initiative.
Alexandra LaManna, a spokesperson for Lyft, told Page Six, “There is nothing more important to Lyft than the safety of our drivers and passengers, and we are committed to providing rides people can trust. This ad, which is paid for by the National Limousine Association, misleads consumers about the many safety benefits of ridesharing. Drivers must pass rigorous screenings such as criminal background and driving-record checks, social security traces, and vehicle inspections. Lyft disqualifies drivers for violent crime, sexual offenses, drug-related convictions, or other felonies that appear on background checks. Moreover, the technology behind the Lyft platform — for example you can share your ETA so your family or friends will know exactly where you are at all times during a ride — allows us to focus on safety in ways many limousines and taxis cannot.”
A rep for Uber told Page Six that while the ad didn't specify any particular ride-sharing apps, “All drivers undergo background checks before accessing Uber. Any indication otherwise isn't correct.”
I am a very old man so I have strong memories of Britain before the NHS. I remember my sister dying of TB in a workhouse infirmary and me almost succumbing to whopping cough b/c we couldn't afford a doctor.
As a small boy, I remember hearing screams coming from a home on our street where a woman was dying of cancer without any medicine to relieve her pain. It was a barbaric world where money decided who lived and who died because that was the formula for medical care.
In fact it wasn't until I was 18 that I saw a physician and that was because World War Two was on and I had volunteered to join the RAF. The people of my generation sacrificed so much during the Great Depression and through the World War. The NHS was our reward, our peace time dividend. It was also our solemn pledge to future generations that we would be a civilized nation that would treat all citizens as worthy of care and compassion.
The NHS is for me as great as Magna Carta because it freed millions from the tyranny of sickness and poverty to move forward and lead productive lives. No one can fool me about these new measures. They are not about making the NHS more efficient, more accessible and more accountable to today's economic situation; its all about profit. Now a small minority of people and corporations are going to get very rich while making Britain a less healthy and vibrant nation. The names of all that voted for these provisions should be cut into a memorial stone to commemorate the death of Britain's greatest achievement the NHS. It was a tide that raised all boats
Published on • 7,171 views •
NASHVILLE — In the beginning, before the Nashville Predators sank their fangs into a city that adored hockey but just didn't know it yet, there was a kiosk. Nat Harden perched there, outside the food court of the CoolSprings mall in suburban Brentwood, eight hours a day, five days a week during the 1997 holiday season and tried to sell a sport that he had never seen in person and a team that had no players.
One television at the booth showed hockey highlights, while another ran a loop of Shania Twain's music videos. Harden, who had recently graduated from Mississippi State, followed instructions to promote the game's speed, but it did not impress him much back then. In college, he had been so indifferent to hockey that upon returning home one night and finding a roommate and some friends engrossed in the 1994 Stanley Cup finals, he ducked out.
To watch “Saved by the Bell.”
Harden's entry-level position with the Predators paid $7 an hour, and he would have earned 1 percent commission on season-ticket packages had he, in fact, sold any.
Akshay Kumar's Airlift is the story of the biggest-ever human evacuation in the history of mankind. Directed by Raja Menon, Airlift is about those 1,70,000 Indians stranded in Kuwait when Saddam Hussein invaded the country in 1990, and kick-started the Gulf War.
At the Delhi press conference of the film, Akshay Kumar had a snippet or two to share about his latest patriotic venture, Airlift. Talking about the ideology behind the film, Akshay told reporters, "Is film ka nazariya yeh hai ki hum dikahana chahte hai - dikhana kya, yeh hakikat mein hai - India is the greatest country in the world. This is a real story of what happened to 1,70,000 Indians who were in Kuwait when Saddam Hussein had attacked the country in 1990. They didn't know where to go, what to do and had only one hope: calling out to their nation for help. And aapko yeh jaanke khushi hogi ki hamare jo Air India ke pilots hai unhone uss time risk uthaya and 488 flights (Kuwait ke) andar lekar gaye aur sabko bachake le aaye. This is why I chose to do this film."
Akshay's film has often been compared to Ben Affleck's Oscar-winning film Argo. The 2012 film chronicles the life-or-death covert operation to rescue six Americans, which unfolded behind the scenes of the Iran hostage crisis (November 4, 1979, to January 20, 1981). And on this, the Brothers actor said, "It's an insult if you compare Airlift with Argo because they saved only six people and we saved 1,70,000 people. How can Airlift be a copy of Argo when the Kuwait incident is a true story? It is not a copy. It is something which you should be proud of. It is the story of the biggest-ever human evacuation in the history of mankind."
Elaborating on the point, director Raja Menon said that there was no similarity between his film and Argo, and it's just that the two films share a common theme of evacuation. "There is absolutely no connection in between these two films. The only faint link is that some people were saved in a covert operation. Everything else is different. It is only a similar genre. Our film is about the single greatest achievement of independent India. Argo is not in that space. It's like saying that every romantic film is the same or every thriller is the same," said Menon at the press conference.
Akshay also revealed that he was unaware of the whole Kuwait incident and came to know about it, thanks to his director. He continued, "I was shocked ki aisa bhi kuch hua tha, that's why I chose to do this film and then we decided that I should produce the film too. Agar aap dekhein toh, back in 1990, sirf ek hi article tha jisne yeh cover kiya tha. India ne itna chup chap ye kaam kar diya. It is not a matter of joke. The government did it so silently. I have met those people (who were rescued and brought back to the country) and they cry when they recall the whole incident. I was deeply inspired by the story."
Akshay will be seen playing the role of a rich businessman Ranjit Katyal, who managed to survive the Iraqi invasion, and against all odds started a mission to save all the Indians stuck in Kuwait. Apart from Akshay, the film also stars Nimrat Kaur in the lead role. The Lunchbox actor will play Ranjit's wife Amrita and reflecting on her and Akshay's character, Kaur said, "Amrita knows of him as a shrewd businessman who will do anything to make sure that he gets what he wants. And here, he is making a large move as a civilian to rescue 1,70,000 people eventually. He is putting his life and his family's life on the line. She doesn't understand him initially, but later on she managed to support him when he was falling apart."
Nimrat and Akshay in Delhi for the promotions of Airlift. Pic Credits: Yogen Shah Nimrat and Akshay in Delhi for the promotions of Airlift. Pic Credits: Yogen Shah
During the media interaction, Akshay was asked how he managed to do intense films like Baby and Holiday and then switched to doing commercial films like Singh Is Bliing. "I keep on challenging myself all the time. I want to be in my comfort zone and then try some roles which are challenging for me. Singh is Bliing and Housefull 3 are in my comfort zone, but this one is not; Baby was not," said the Gabbar Is Back actor.
Akshay also revealed that before the film hit the screens, he will be releasing a video of those people who went through this traumatic experience. "If you go through the Guinness Book Of World Records, the biggest air evacuation was done by our country, India. And this is why I wanted to bring it in front of everybody," said the 48-year-old actor.
Kumar said that he would require the Indian Government's help for making such films and show what the nation has done for the benefit of their countrymen. He also added, "America mein 100 films banti hai and they all show America is a great country and a saviour of every attack. Kuch bhi ho, even an alien attack, toh bhi America will save the whole world. Then why can't India? We should also make films like America does and let people know the greatness of our country. And I would like to make a film where Indians save the Americans."
Directed by Raja Menon, Airlift will hit the screens on January 22 this year.
Salt shakers at the ready, boys and girls. There's a rumor out of Australia claiming the next Honda CR-Z will be based on the forthcoming 276-horsepower, turbocharged Civic Type R . Apparently Honda's research and development bigwigs have been unnerved by the reception of the Scion FR-S Subaru BRZ twins and are eager to return fire.Now, don't get too excited - Honda isn't following the Volkswagen model of offering virtually unchanged mechanicals in a different bodyshell ( Beetle Turbo and GTI , for example). Instead, the report says the future CR-Z will retain its hybrid powertrain, albeit with a serious kick in the pants. A prototype is said to already be zipping around Japan with a turbocharged, direct-injected, 1.5-liter, four-cylinder engine and the current CR-Z's electric motor and battery pack. With a reported 221 horsepower mated up to a seven-speed, dual-clutch transmission (say buh-bye to the CVT and six-speed manual) and the next-gen Civic platform underneath, the rumored CR-Z has all the makings of a hot hatch riot.Of course, this all sounds wonderful. This is also the point where you should be enjoying that salt. We really like the idea of a properly hot CR-Z that can compete with John Cooper Works Mini models and the new Ford Fiesta ST , but the three-door hybrid has been such a slow seller for Honda in the US that it might not field a second generation here, no matter how improved it might be. Let us know what you think of an amped-up CR-Z in the comments. Is it a good idea, or is this one Honda model that's just too far gone?
A Southwest flight declared an emergency and returned to the airport gate late Sunday night because of a "passenger disturbance," said airport police.
Following a three-hour delay, Flight 2010 was on the taxiway at Los Angeles International Airport when a woman reclined her seat and the man behind her started choking her, a passenger on the flight told NBC.
"At 10:43 p.m., we received a call about a passenger disturbance on the Southwest flight," Rob Pedregon, public information officer for Los Angeles Airport Police told Mashable. "The pilot diverted back to the gate, but the plane never took off. It was on the taxiway."
"Because of a rapidly escalating situation involving passengers who were not traveling together," the captain declared an emergency, Southwest Airlines said in a statement. The plane was back at LAX about 13 minutes after left.
The airline confirmed the physical altercation happened onboard.
Airport police met the aircraft at the gate and removed the passenger. The FBI took over and launched an investigation, airport officials told Mashable.
A passenger on the flight posted a photo of the scene on Instagram: "A man strangled a woman because she tilted her seat back," she wrote in German.
The man “started choking her. She shouted for help and the crew came to see what happened. The man stayed very calm during the whole situation,” the passenger told NBC.
"An individual was detained for questioning following the return of a SW aircraft to LAX based on allegations of an assault involving a fellow passenger,” FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimillier told NBC. “No arrest has been made at this time and the investigation is continuing.”
The remaining 136 passengers switched planes and, due to an air traffic control delay, reached San Francisco at 1:43 a.m., about five hours after their scheduled arrival.
Judy's found AOL an invaluable resource to writers. "Well, AOL certainly has changed my life. I mean where else could you meet such neat people like yourself or go into the Writer's Club and talk with Tom Clancy or Stephen King or go into the "live" area and chat with Jamie Lee Curtis? The possibilities are endless, and I look forward to many more years of this. I can't say enough good things about this so I will end here. AOL is the best and you can quote that." And as a writer, the electronic medium has preserved one of the oldest forms of communication--letter writing. "I am on the AOL site every night it seems, and it makes it much easier for me to write a note to family and friends on the East Coast or Chicago than it is for me to take an hour out of my busy schedule to talk with them. I also find that people are a bit more uninhibited on the Net as they do not have to wear a mask on their face or in their voices. The other part is that I can compose mail offline and then send it within one second. Awesome."
Some items in the refrigerator came together to make a very tasty, quick lunch today. As my cauliflower was leftover, prep was a cinch. This dish took all of 10 minutes to get into the oven. If cooking your cauliflower from scratch, you'll need to allow an extra 10 minutes to cook that. The dish has a Latino flavor you'll LOVE! This dish is Atkins Induction friendly and Keto suitable as well. It's not however acceptable for Primal or Paleo due to the cheese and I don't think that can be omitted here.
INGREDIENTS:
1½ c. leftover, grilled chicken, skin on (any cooked chicken is OK, but won't have the great smoky flavor)
¼ large head cauliflower (or 2 c. cooked cauliflower)
2 T. Ro-Tel tomatoes and green chiles (solids only)
1 T. my Sofrito sauce: https://buttoni.wordpress.com/2013/05/21/sofrito/
4 oz. Cheddar cheese, shredded
Dash ground cumin
DIRECTIONS: Cut up or shred the chicken into small bite-sized pieces into a medium bowl. Boil or steam the cauliflower until just tender if you don't have any leftover on hand. Drain your cauliflower well and add to the bowl. Add the Ro-Tel tomatoes, sofrito and cumin. Stir to mix well.
Lightly oil a medium baking dish (mine was 6×8). Spoon half the mixture into the dish. Spread half the cheese on next. Spoon the rest of the chicken mixture into the dish and top with the rest of the cheese.
NUTRITIONAL INFO: Makes 2 servings, each contains:
407 calories
23.2 g fat
9.2 g carbs, 2.9 g fiber, 6.35 g NET CARBS
40 g protein
1000 mg sodium
653 mg potassium
20% RDA vitamin A, 37% B6, 30% B12, 71% C, 28% calcium, 22% iron, 17% magnesium, 12% manganese, 60% niacin, 60% phosphorous, 36% riboflavin, 54% selenium, 35% zinc
Charlie Blair gets to know the Chinese Taipei Mixed team
As the Under 23 division embarks on its third World Championship this week, it is incredibly exciting to see new teams from far reaching corners of the globe. Amongst the mixed teams are debuts for India, Philippines and South Africa. However, with Venezuela not representing in London, Chinese Taipei are the only team outside of the established Ultimate nations who also made the journey to Toronto two years ago.
Despite finishing 10th in the overall standings in 2013, Chinese Taipei impressed the watching eyes of the world as they burst onto the scene with a 13-10 upset victory against Australia in their opening game of the tournament. The ramifications of this strong performance against the eventual bronze medallists were really felt according to team coach Michael Hu. He attributes many more kids committing themselves to the sport to this win alone, with thousands inspired after tuning into the live stream from his home country.
Hu himself has been a bastion for the sport since first picking up a Frisbee as a college freshman in Taipei sixteen years ago. Initially however, he represented Chinese Taipei in Guts on the international stage while the interest for Ultimate lagged. Throughout the next decade he competed in three World Guts Championships, finally winning a gold medal in Heilbronn in 2000.
He recalls that, in fact, momentum for Ultimate didn't truly rally until Chinese Taipei won the bid for the 2009 World Games. With an opportunity for the host nation to be represented on the world stage, Taipei's national body was encouraged by Hu to rejuvenate the domestic scene. Since the World Games is the highest level at which Ultimate can currently be represented, and given the huge global audience that it draws, it is imperative to the WFDF that the quality remains high. Consequently, for the host nation to participate their qualification rested on making the quarter-finals at the 2008 World Ultimate and Guts Championships in Vancouver; a target set by WFDF that the team were elated and proud to achieve.
The by-product of these efforts included much more investment being poured into teaching at college level and whilst the numbers of players remains relatively modest compared to the more established nations, Hu estimates that there are now around 20 open teams at college level, and 12 at club. For the women, the numbers are comparatively lower with around 7-8 teams representing both at college and club level.
Hu laments that the gender gap is particularly hard to close at this stage, as cultural barriers towards women in sport in Chinese Taipei are still particularly limiting. He also believes those few that do pursue sports would rather choose something represented in the Olympics. This is pretty apparent with a glance at this year's roster, which contains only 7 women out of a 27 strong team.
However, another massive barrier to participation that the whole team faces is, unsurprisingly, a financial one. Whilst they took a smaller, more balanced squad to Toronto, they lacked ten players who having been selected, just couldn't afford to attend. This time around, the same challenges faced them, with players left behind despite the team this time being able to fill out a full roster sheet.
Despite these issues, they still decided to take a mixed rather than an open squad. Hu wanted to ensure that the girls were not robbed of the chance to play, and credits their desire to work hard to perform on the international stage. It's also fair to say that Hu is acutely aware of what a strong performance means for the development of the sport he loves in his country. He has worked them hard since November with regular trainings, eight domestic tournaments and finally an intensive week-long training camp before leaving for London. Having had such a good impact in the Mixed division last time, the expectation from both their coach and their competitors is surely there for them to have the potential to do the same again,
Indeed, they have started in the right way here in London, with a hotly contested victory against Germany on their first day of the competition. They were always here to ruffle some feathers, however tensions were high as contested strips and goals during early portions of the game culminated in a spirit time-out at the half. At this point Game Advisors were introduced and calls from either side ceased to be made for the remainder of the game.
Whilst it is easy to point the finger that either side may have simply been taking what they can get until onlookers regulated their behaviour, let's not forget that issues of miscommunication prevailed until the end between the two teams' coaches – as could be seen in their confusion over something so simple as how many male or female players were being called on to the line.
In fact, what constitutes a malicious abuse of the rules is itself rather vague. It is easy to forget that in many instances the rules in Ultimate are non-definitive because we are encouraging a communication-based game between competitors. When cultural and language barriers exist this ideal is clearly stretched. But as this game demonstrated, we can still find ways to establish a tone that both sides are happy with. Ultimate is not prescriptive exactly because everyone is encouraged to take accountability for themselves. This in itself is a huge cultural learning curve that many players new to the sport can find just as challenging as learning the actual mechanics of the game.
Whilst a team's ambitions do not in anyway condone unfair play, different perspectives all have their own stories, and until they are considered we will get no closer to resolving any tensions that arise from them. For example, in a country like China where the sport is not necessarily nascent but still very much developing, big wins can potentially mean a great deal more to things such as future infrastructure relative to other more established nations.
Chinese Taipei's frantic style and enthusiasm is sure to cause some more upsets to the score lines as the games go on. Like all of the teams here this week, they will learn and grow more in this next few days than in all of their many months of preparation. We are elated to see them here and excited to see how they progress in the tournament!
Haim Saban (; Hebrew: חיים סבן‎; born October 15, 1944) is an Israeli-American media proprietor, investor, musician, and producer of records, film, and television.[2] A businessman with interests in financial services, entertainment, and media, and an estimated net worth of $3 billion, he is ranked by Forbes as the 232nd richest person in America.[5] Saban is the founder of Saban Entertainment, producer and distributor of children's television programs in the US such as Power Rangers. He headed up consortiums which purchased the broadcasters ProSiebenSat.1 Media and Univision Communications. He is a major donor to the US Democratic Party and active in pro-Israel political efforts in the US. In March 2017, Saban was honored with the 2,605th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his achievements in television.[6]
Early life
Saban was born in 1944 in Alexandria, Egypt, to an Egyptian Jewish family. In 1956, the Saban family immigrated to Israel, along with most of the Egyptian Jewish community.[2] Saban was sent to a Youth Aliyah boarding school. Expelled for being a troublemaker, he enrolled in a night school where the principal told him: "You're not cut out for academic studies; you're cut out for making money."[7] Saban is married to Cheryl Lynn (Flor) Saban,[8] with whom he has two children. He also has two stepchildren, Tifany and Heidi Lenhart, an actress. He resides in Beverly Hills, California.[1]
Career in the music industry
Saban started his career in 1966 as a bass player and manager[2][9] with the rock band The Lions of Judah (Ha'arayot), which was named after the Lion of Judah in Jewish Scripture. In 1969, Dave Watts from the British band The Tornados joined The Lions. That year, the band traveled to England, performed in night clubs in London and was signed up by Polydor Records. In July 1969, the band appeared on the BBC TV programme Colour Me Pop. The Lions recorded a single, "Our Love's A Growing Thing", but it was not released in the UK due to financial difficulties. The band returned to Israel and Saban focused on being a music promoter.[10]
In the early 1970s, Saban moved to France where he worked as a music producer. His clients included Noam Kaniel, Mike Brant and Shuki & Aviva. He also launched a record company with Shuki Levy.[11]
In 1978 and 1982, Saban used the pseudonym Kussa for music/lyrics writing credits on four records for which he also served as producer using his real name.[12][13] Since then, he has frequently used the name Kussa Mahchi for his composing credits on Saban Entertainment productions,[14][15] including the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie theme song.
Business career
Saban Entertainment
In the United States, he became a television producer, founding Saban Entertainment in 1988.[16] During that time, Haim Saban and partner Shuki Levy became known for soundtrack compositions for children's television programs of the 1980s. Although Levy and Saban composed for their own properties (such as Kidd Video and Maple Town), they scored for other production companies as well (such as Inspector Gadget, The Mysterious Cities of Gold, M.A.S.K., Dinosaucers, Dragon Quest, He-Man and the Masters of the Universe, She-Ra: Princess of Power, and Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors). In 1998, The Hollywood Reporter reported that he did not actually compose all the music (totalling 3,700 works in 2008) he is credited for; ten composers threatened to sue and Saban settled out of court.[17]
In the 1990s, Saban's company became known for the production of Power Rangers, Masked Rider, VR Troopers and Big Bad Beetleborgs, which were Western adaptations of Japanese tokusatsu shows.
Fox Family
In 1996, News Corporation's Fox Children's Productions and Haim Saban's Saban Entertainment merged to form Fox Kids Worldwide.[18][19][20][21] Also in that year, the joint venture purchased the C&D library from Jean Chalopin.[22]
With the growing shift in children's television from over-the-air programming blocks to cable channels such as Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon, the two companies sought to launch a competitor that would carry programming from the popular Fox Kids lineup. Eying The Family Channel, News Corp. made an offer to purchase IFE through the joint venture in 1997.[23]
On July 23, 2001, Saban announced that he and News Corporation would sell Fox Family Worldwide Inc for $5.3 billion to The Walt Disney Company.[24] and on October 24, 2001, the sale was completed[16] and the network was renamed ABC Family.[9] Saban profited about $1.6 billion from this sale.[9]
ProSiebenSat.1
In August 2003, Saban led a consortium, which acquired a controlling stake in the straggling ProSiebenSat.1 Media group from the Kirch Media Group, the then-bankrupt German media conglomerate.[25]
ProSiebenSat.1, is Germany's largest commercial television broadcasting company, which owns five German TV channels, including ProSieben and SAT.1, two of the top three stations in Germany. Collectively, ProSiebenSat.1's channels represented approximately 45% of the German TV advertising market at the time. Saban's ProSiebenSat.1 acquisition was the first time a foreigner took control of a significant German Media company.[9]
Saban oversaw a successful business turnaround of ProSiebenSat.1, recruiting former business rivals, ex-BSkyB chief executive Tony Ball and former BBC Director General Greg Dyke to the board of the company.[26]
In March 2007, Saban Capital Group and the consortium sold its controlling interest in ProSiebenSat.1 to KKR and Permira, for 22.40 euros a share after originally paying 7.5 euros per share in 2003.[27]
Univision
On June 27, 2006, Saban Capital Group led a group of investors bidding for Univision Communications, the largest Spanish-language media company in the United States.[28][29] Other investors in the Saban-led group were Texas Pacific Group of Fort Worth, Texas and Thomas H. Lee Partners. The group was successful in acquiring Univision with a bid valued at $13.7 billion (USD).[28][30]
Political views and fundraising
Saban says his greatest concern is to protect Israel. At a conference in Israel, Saban described his formula. His three ways to influence American politics were: make donations to political parties, establish think tanks, and control media outlets.[7]
Saban became involved in politics in the mid-1990s when he felt that support for Israel was slipping in the United States.[8] He says his views have shifted over the years:[2] "I used to be a real leftist. I remember Arik Sharon [the leader of Israel's right-wing Likud Party] coming here, to my house, a few months before Camp David, when he was still leader of the opposition. He told me there would be no deal because [Yassir] Arafat would not sign. I told myself that there was nothing to be done – these right-wingers were simply insane. I had no doubt that there would be a deal and the problems would be resolved. History proved that Sharon was right and I was wrong. In matters relating to security, that moved me to the right. Very far to the right...When there is a terrorist attack, I am [Avigdor] Lieberman. Sometimes to the right of Lieberman. For two days I really love Lieberman. But afterward I come back to reality. Look, I don't see a solution today."[2]
Saban has been a generous and consistent donor to the United States Democratic Party according to his mandatory Federal Election Commission filings. Mother Jones, in an analysis of the major donors to the campaigns of 1998 election cycle, ranked Saban 155th among individual donors.[31] Amy Paris noted that Saban's Clinton-era "generosity did not go unrewarded. During the Clinton administration, the entertainment executive served on the President's Export Council, advising the White House on trade issues."[31] The New York Times reported that Haim and his wife "slept in the White House several times during President Clinton's two terms." Saban remains close friends with the former President. Clinton described Saban as a "very good friend and supporter."[8] Saban contributed between $5 million to $10 million to the William J. Clinton Foundation.[32]
During the 2000 presidential election, Saban increased his rank to 5th among individual donors with a combined contribution of $1,250,500.[31] Matthew Yglesias wrote that "Saban was the largest overall contributor to the Democratic National Committee during the 2001–2002 cycle." [33] Saban's donations during that 2001–2002 period exceeded $10 million, the largest donation the DNC has received from a single source up to that time.
In September 2004, Hillary Clinton described Saban as a very good friend, supporter and adviser: "I am grateful for his commitment to Israel, to a just and lasting peace in the Middle East and to my foundation's work, particularly on reconciliation issues."[8] In May 2007, Haim publicly declared his support for Clinton in 2008 presidential election.[29] In June 2007, Saban and Steven Spielberg co-hosted a Hillary Clinton fundraiser at the house of Peter Chernin, the President of News Corporation.[34] According to the Los Angeles Times,[34] the fundraiser brought in over $850,000.[citation needed]
In March 2008, Saban was among a group of major Jewish donors to sign a letter to Democratic Party house leader Nancy Pelosi warning her to "keep out of the Democratic presidential primaries."[35] The donors, who "were strong supporters of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton presidential campaign", "were incensed by a March 16 interview in which Pelosi said that party 'superdelegates' should heed the will of the majority in selecting a candidate."[35] The letter to Pelosi stated the donors "have been strong supporters of the DCCC" and implied, according to The Jewish Telegraphic Agency,[35] that Pelosi could lose their financial support in important upcoming congressional elections.
On May 19, 2008, it was reported that Haim Saban had "offered $1 million to the Young Democrats of America during a phone conversation in which he also pressed for the organization's two uncommitted superdelegates to endorse Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee for president."[36]
Saban has also made donations to members of the Republican Party including a 2003 contribution to George W. Bush's 2004 re-election campaign.[8]
Hillary Clinton
Saban supported Hillary Clinton for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Between June 2015 and June 2016, he and his wife donated US$7 million to Prioritize USA, a pro-Clinton Super PAC. Meanwhile, Saban has called Republican candidate Donald Trump "a danger to America".[37]
Keith Ellison
Saban has said that Keith Ellison, who ran for the leadership of the DNC, "is clearly an anti-Semite and anti-Israel individual."[38][39][40] Saban also called Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) "an anti-Israel person."[41]
Saban Center for Middle East Policy
In 2002 Saban provided an initial grant of 13 million USD[42] and a pledge of additional funds[42] to create the Saban Center for Middle East Policy, a foreign policy think tank based in Washington, D.C.. The Saban Center is part of the larger Brookings Institution think tank.[42] The Saban Center aims to provide policymakers in government with information and analysis regarding America's foreign policy in the Middle East. Saban recruited Martin Indyk to direct the center.
Haim Saban discussed his views on the Middle East and Persian Gulf region in great detail in a 2006 interview with Haaretz. Particularly notable were his comments regarding Iran: "When I see Ahmadinejad, I see Hitler. They speak the same language. His motivation is also clear: the return of the Mahdi is a supreme goal. And for a religious person of deep self-persuasion, that supreme goal is worth the liquidation of five and a half million Jews. We cannot allow ourselves that. Nuclear weapons in the hands of a religious leadership that is convinced that the annihilation of Israel will bring about the emergence of a new Muslim caliphate? Israel cannot allow that. This is no game. It's truly an existential danger."[43]
If Obama strikes a "bad deal" with Iran that would put Israel at risk, "I would bomb the living daylights out of these sons of bitches," Saban said at a meeting of the Israeli American Council.[44]
Saban National Political Leadership Training Seminar
Saban sponsors the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee's Saban National Political Leadership Training Seminar, a series of semiannual seminars in Washington to provide college student activists for three days of intensive pro-Israel advocacy training.[45] The seminars provide up to 300 students from a hundred campuses with training in order to "prepare for challenges and opportunities on their campuses and [the students] left Washington prepared to mobilize for legislative and electoral impact during the next school year and into campaign '08."[46] Among the prominent figures to have addressed the seminars are Senator Evan Bayh and Congressman Mark Kirk and academics David Makovsky, Robert Satloff and Dennis Ross.[46]
Jane Harman AIPAC controversy
Regarding Jane Harman AIPAC Controversy, in April 2009, New York Times, quoting anonymous sources, said a caller promised her that Saban would withhold campaign contributions to Representative Nancy Pelosi if she did not select Ms. Harman for the intelligence post."[47]
California redistricting
In 2005, Saban spent $100,000[48] to oppose California's 2005 Proposition 77 redistricting reform. Saban contributed $100,000[49] to pass California's 2008 redistricting reform, Proposition 11, which created a Citizens Redistricting Commission to redraw California's state political boundaries, but not U.S. Congressional districts. Saban contributed $2,000,000[50] to support Proposition 27, California's proposed 2010 repeal of Proposition 11, the 2008 redistricting reform – the same reform that Haim Saban previously supported with a $100,000 contribution. He joined list of other well-connected, big-money donors to the Democratic Party in supporting Proposition 27.
Philanthropy
In 2007, Saban donated $14 million to complete the children's hospital at Soroka Medical Center.[51]
Saban, a long-time supporter and donor of many pro-Jewish and Israel causes, has stated his main goal in multiple interviews: "I'm a one-issue guy, and my issue is Israel."[52]
References
Jeremy Clarkson punched his Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in the face following a 40-minute rant in which he swore at him and referred to him as a “lazy Irish”, eyewitnesses have claimed.
The presenter of Top Gear, who has been suspended pending an internal BBC investigation into his conduct at a hotel in Yorkshire during filming of the show, is said to have threatened to have Tymon sacked during the heated row over food.
A guest at the hotel where the BBC team were staying said Clarkson was furious to find that there was no hot meal available when he and his co-presenters James May and Richard Hammond returned from a drinking session at a nearby pub.
In one of the first independent accounts to emerge of the fracas Sue Ward, from Leeds, claimed the presenter complained it was “ridiculous there was noting to eat” and that the producer had not done his job properly.
Mrs Ward, who was staying at the Simonstone Hall hotel, near Hawes, told Sky News: “Obviously there were a lot of expletives in between all this. Clarkson told his colleague he would see to it that he would be losing his job."
A relative of Mrs Ward, called Denise, 51, said: “It was the shock of how can someone be so rude? It was the swearing and the length of time and this poor guy he ripped into.”
Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon (BBC)
Another source said that Clarkson called Tymon, 36, a “lazy Irish c***” before splitting his lip with a punch that left him with blood running down his face.
Tymon is understood to have received treatment at the A&E department at Friarage Hospital, in Northallerton, and is said to have also suffered dizziness.
The producer, who has received abuse on social media following Clarkson's suspension, including violent threats, has consulted lawyers over the incident.
Slater and Gordon solicitors said: “We are assisting Oisin Tymon in relation to incidents occurring during his employment at the BBC.”
• Is Clarkson - a 'dinosaur' - nearly extinct?
Mrs Ward, a medical receptionist, added: "Even someone who's really inept at their job should be told properly, in a proper manner. But the fact that it was in a public place, I didn't want to listen to that language."
It is understood that Clarkson will firmly deny either using xenophobic language or punching Tymon when he appears before the BBC inquiry being conducted by the head of BBC Scotland, Ken MacQuarrie.
It has been reported that he raised the incident himself with senior BBC managers after meeting with the Top Gear crew to apologise for his outburst.
Clarkson had been due to arrive at the hotel by helicopter from the Top Gear studio in Dunsfold, Surrey, where he had been filming with May and Hammond. But the trio are said to have kept the helicopter waiting while they went into a local pub for two hours to drink.
By the time they arrived at the hotel most of the Top Gear production team had gone to bed, save Tymon who stayed up to greet Clarkson and his colleagues.
A source said: “Oisin had waited to see the presenters before going to bed, but when Clarkson arrived he was very agitated. You could hear him screaming abuse at the hotel bar. He kept saying: ‘He's f****** gone', while people tried to calm him down. 2
Eventually the hotel's general manager, Robert Scott, prepared a £21.95 steak for the presenter, in an attempt to calm him down.
Clarkson himself has hinted that even if he escapes sacking or some other form of disciplinary action he may still quit the BBC show.
Writing in his column in the Sun on Saturday, he did not comment directly on the incident – save to thank the thousands of people who had signed a petition in his support- but alluded to his fate by writing about the decline and eventual extinction of the dinosaurs.
He said: “All the dinosaurs died and now, years later, no one mourn their passing. These big imposing creatures have no place in a world that has moved on. You can start as many campaigns as you like and call on the support of politicians from all sides, but the day must come when you have to wave goodbye to the big monsters and move on. we lose one animal and gat another. The world turns.”
More than 800,000 people have now signed a petition to reinstate the presenter, fuelling speculation that Top Gear would be scrapped if Clarkson was sacked.
But insiders have said the BBC – which holds the rights to the format – is quite prepared to continue making the programme even if it means getting a new presenter or presenters.
One source said other popular shows, such as Have I Got News For You? Had survived a change of presenter and there was no reason Top Gear could not do the same.
Other shows, including Strictly Come Dancing, have continued to thrive after star presenters left, and when a string of high profile presenters including Adrian Chiles, Christine Bleakley and Susanna Reid defected from the BBC they failed to replicate their previous success.
The source also pointed out that the BBC remained the best place for an irreverent and fearless motoring consumer programme, because the Corporation was not beholden to advertisers.
The source told the Telegraph: “If the guys wanted to go to another channel to do a different show, would it be better than Top Gear on the BBC with all its commercial freedom?”
“I think it would be bonkers to suggest we would automatically have to shut up shop. People seem to think that no Jeremy Clarkson means no Top Gear, but programmes can be more robust than people might think.”
Danny Cohen, the director of television, has also made it clear that no one star is considered bigger than the corporation and Clarkson was recently warned that he was in the “last chance saloon”, following a string of controversies.
But many fans of the show, which is sold around the world guaranteeing millions in revenue for the Corporation's commercial arm, BBC Worldwide, believe it will struggle to replicate its current success without Clarkson at the helm.
It is understood not all the potential witnesses to the row have yet been contacted ahead of the hearing.
Clarkson is scheduled to appear alongside co-hosts James May and Richard Hammond at four live shows in Norway on March 27 and 28 and a decision on whether to go ahead is expected early next week.
All three men's contracts expire three days after the Norway gigs, which could render any disciplinary hearings redundant.
The last three episodes of the series have currently been put on hold and the BBC has apologised to viewers who complained about the postponed episodes.
In a statement it said: “We do hope you'll understand that we value this reaction, but the investigation is still under way. Until more is known, we're therefore unable to say anything further in response and will not yet be making further statements about the issue. We realise you'll be disappointed that we can't respond to you in any more detail but thank you for contacting us.”
Sarah Palin returned to the campaign trail Thursday night to rally support for Judge Roy Moore in the Alabama Senate race, armed with a pitch heavy on anti-GOP establishment criticism.
“We're sending Trump someone who has our back -- not Mitch McConnell's,” Palin told a raucous crowd of hundreds.
President Trump endorsed the other candidate in this race, Sen. Luther Strange, who was appointed in February to fill the seat left open by Jeff Sessions when he became attorney general.
But Palin, the former 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee, insisted that backing Moore is not an act of defiance toward Trump.
“A vote for Judge Moore isn't a vote against the president, it is a vote for the people's agenda that elected the president,” Palin said.
And there are former Trump administration officials and current Republican members of Congress who agree.
Sebastian Gorka, who served as a White House adviser until August, joined Palin on stage in Montgomery last night.
“All you need to know is that Luther Strange is endorsed by Mitch McConnell,” Gorka told Fox News in an interview. “He is a creature of the establishment, that's why we can't support him.”
Gorka says Moore stands for the things that made Trump popular as a candidate, so he isn't afraid to buck his former boss in this race.
ALABAMA CANDIDATES SPAR OVER TRUMP ENDORSEMENT
“This isn't about endorsements, this is about the original agenda that got a billionaire real estate mogul from New York elected to the White House,” Gorka said.
Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, was here for Moore as well, and suggested the president's endorsement of Strange was a miscalculation.
“Sometimes he gets bad advice,” Gohmert said on Trump, before insisting he wants him to win re-election in 2020.
The president gets a chance to make his case Friday in Huntsville, where he plans to take Air Force One for an arena rally on behalf of Sen. Strange.
On Friday morning, Trump posted the latest in a string of pro-Strange tweets: “Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!”
Earlier this week, Chance the Rapper, Lil Wayne, and 2 Chainz were revealed as guests on “The Ellen DeGeneres Show.” They performed “No Problem” from Chance's latest mixtape Coloring Book, while trashing a record label office assembled on set. Wayne also snuck some new lyrics into his verse: “And if that label tries to stop me/I'm gon' let 'em rob me/Yeah, right, like Ryan Lochte.” Watch the performance below.
Chance also sat down for a chat on the Ellen couch, where she reminded him of their encounter this year at the White House, when she invited him to the show. “When you said that, we were at a White House Party,” Chance responded, “and I don't get invited to White House parties. But I was in it, I was revelling in it, I was drunk... and when you said that to me, I was telling stories, like, ‘Yeah man, Ellen said she was gonna have me on the show!' And I was like, ‘Did she say that? Or...'” Chance then told the story of how he met Obama as a teenager—then shared the photo to prove it.
According to a tweet from Chance, the stage design and concept for the performance was something he pitched to “a few awards [and] TV shows,” but was turned down.
Read “Charting Chance the Rapper's Unsigned Success” on the Pitch.
Stirring scenes from American history, meet stirring scenes from American sci-fi. This set of 4-Star Wars prints from Thirteenth Floor pits some of the Empire's worst villains against some of our own greatest war heroes. Each of the 11" x 17" explorations of an alternate reality...or what really happened during WWII...is printed on 100lb matte card stock, and can be purchased individually for $10 a pop, or as a set for $25. Star Wars on Earth selections include:
"3 on 3", featuring a trio of soldiers taking on AT-ATs.
"Charge!", US GI v. Galactic Stormtrooper.
"Dogfight", with TIE Fighters taking on (taking down?) a fighter jet.
"Invasion." Uh, sir, how's that Manhattan Project coming along? We've just been informed the giant, planet-like mass hovering above us is called a "Death Star." Also, have you ever heard of a superlaser?
If you like the Freaky Friday visual mashup aesthetic, check out these Patriots Being Badass prints too.
Muchas danke to Manny for the Dude Product Tip.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A boy of 14 today pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting five women.
The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, will be sentenced at a later date.
The sex attacks took place in an area close to Manchester University between September 21 and October 5.
The boy appeared in a youth court at Manchester magistrates court this morning and entered guilty pleas to five counts of sexual abuse of a woman aged over 16.
The charges relate to five different women.
The boy was remanded on bail with strict conditions.
The case was adjourned for a sentencing hearing on December 2.
Police said today that an 18-year-old man who was also arrested on suspicion of sexual assault has been released on police bail pending further investigations
Det Chief Insp Colin Larkin said today: “I am extremely grateful to the public for all the calls we received this weekend after putting an appeal out for information in connection with these incidents.
“Anyone who has been a victim of a sexual assault or any other kind of sexual crime, can call Greater Manchester Police on 101 or refer themselves to St Mary's Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515.”
× 5 ex-cops plead guilty to Danziger Bridge case, get shorter sentences
NEW ORLEANS (WGNO) – A major break in the Danziger Bridge case. The five former NOPD officers accused of shooting unarmed men following Hurricane Katrina plead guilty at their re-arraignment hearing, Wednesday.
Judge Kurt Engelhardt read out the proposed plea deal for Arthur Kaufman, Kenneth Bowen, Robert Gisevius, Robert Faulcon and Anthony Villavaso, suggesting ten years incarceration for Bowen and Gisevius, 12 years for Faulcon, 7 years for Villavaso and 3 years for Kaufman.
All of the men have been imprisoned since July of 2010 and will be credited for time served. Judge Engelhardt accepted the plea deal. He told the court, typically, judges will review a pre-investigation report and schedule a sentencing within 60 days, but under the case's circumstances, he did not want to delay.
Bowen, Gisevius, Faulcon and Villavaso were brought into the courtroom in orange jumpsuits. Kaufman also was present. The family of Ronald Madison, one of the victims, also attended.
Extra security measures were taken as people packed into the newsroom.
The original seven-count indictment against the five former cops was filed in 2010. 11 years ago, six days after Hurricane Katrina, four of the officers shot and killed two unarmed men. They also injured four others. Nearly five years ago, they were convicted, receiving sentences ranging from 38 to 65 years. Sergeant Arthur Kaufman was sentenced to six years in prison for helping with the cover up.
In 2013, a judge threw out the five officers' convictions, after it was revealed that federal prosecutors were anonymously commenting on the cases on a local newspaper's website.
In August 2015, a federal appeals court upheld the judge's order for a new trial, denying the government's request to have those convictions reinstated, and now the deal has been worked out.
This case does not affect former officer Gerard Dugue's case. He was accused of abetting the cover up. His case was declared a mistrial by Judge Engelhardt. Charges are pending, no new trial date has been set.
U.S. Attorney Kenneth Polite was present in court before the re-arraignment hearing, as well. But he left for a news conference at his office at 11 a.m. on a different case.
Last week, Teen Vogue celebrated the killing of the unborn in a warped piece that suggested gift ideas for young girls who tragically succumb to the pressure to abort their children. Disguised as compassion, the magazine aimed at impressionable teens portrays abortion as an empowering act while lamenting the stigma attached to it, not because the procedure ends the life of an innocent unborn child, but because pro-lifers are mean, or something.
Quick aside: Nowhere in the article of "choice" is there a mention of pregnancy crises centers or adoption. Weird.
As most pro-abortion pieces do, the celebratory piece inadvertently reaffirms the horrific nature of abortion, though not without effort to camouflage it.
"So your friend is about to have an abortion. Of course you want to be there for her, but you don't know how. Look, making this decision is never simple, and having to make it as a teenager is more than a little terrifying," acknowledges the piece. Some of the recommended "gifts" are telling in this respect, too, such as chocolates that say "I love you" and uplifting poetry.
So, why is it "terrifying"? Why is it "never simple"? Why the "I love you" chocolates? Is it because ending an innocent human's life is wrong — something the baby will certainly never recover from and likely the mother, too?
Of course not. Here's Teen Vogue with the deceitful rationale (emphasis added):
"The worst part of all this isn't the procedure itself (which by the way is completely safe as long as you have access to a good clinic). The worst part is how you're treated afterwards. ...She will need a ride, she will need a hug, and she will need you — not because the act itself is so terrible, but because sometimes the world can be."
Killing the unborn: no big deal! Pro-lifers speaking out against the murder of the innocent unborn: moral evil. Got it?
The magazine then goes on to suggest teens give their post-abortion friends a pin of a fallopian tube flicking off pro-life people, a "GRL PWR" hat, a "We Won't Go Back" embroidered needlepoint and "period panties"—because "the future is female"...minus the ones we kill in the womb.
Pro-abortion propaganda is always disturbing, but this piece in particular, aimed at our youth in deceptive fashion, is about as low as it can get.
I wonder when Teen Vogue will do a piece on what to get your teenage friend who's living with depression and regret after Teen Vogue encouraged her to kill her innocent unborn child? Or when there wil be a piece from the perspective of those on the fatal end of such "empowering choices"?
The 12 Questions interview series continues this week with AJ Allmendinger of JTG-Daugherty Racing. I spoke to Allmendinger at Phoenix International Raceway.
1. How much of your success is based on natural ability and how much has come from working at it?
I would say 50-50. You've got to have natural ability to be here for sure. When you're at the top level, you're racing against the best in the world. With that said, the difference between the top and the bottom is very tiny. So you've got to really work at it to keep trying to hone your skills and especially as they keep changing packages figure out what makes these race cars fast.
2. Jeff Gordon, Tony Stewart and Carl Edwards have all retired in the last couple years. What's your pitch for fans of theirs to become fans of yours?
Nice hair. We'll just go with that. Nice hair.
Do you give out free gel samples?
No, I still need a gel sponsor. I get a gel sponsor, and I'll start giving out free samples.
3. What is the hardest part of your job away from the racetrack?
For me, it's the mental strain of it. Whether or it's good or bad, you're always thinking about it. Especially when it's bad.
There's a lot that comes with the job — sponsor obligations and having to do things like that. So it's hard at times to put on a good face when you're struggling to figure out where you need to get better.
More than anything, especially since it's every week and you're racing every weekend and there's so much going on, for me it's the mental side of it. It's hard, especially when you put a couple of bad weeks together and it kind of steamrolls.
I always tell people for sure it's one of the best jobs in the world and it gives me a great life. All the things I want to do, I get to go do. But at the same point, it feels like the worst job in the world because you put so much into it and it feels like you get gut-punched half the time. Especially as I get older, I think that's probably the toughest thing: I can't let it go. It's always there.
4. A fan spots you eating dinner in a nice restaurant. Should they come over for an autograph or no?
Depends on how hungry I am. If I'm really hungry, they probably shouldn't come near me, because I won't be the nicest person. I would make sure they come over after I've eaten, because I'll definitely be in a lot more pleasant mood.
5. What's a story in NASCAR that doesn't get enough coverage?
I think everything gets too much coverage at times.
We overdo it on everything?
It's everything. Everything gets covered so much now. There are so many media outlets to cover everything. The only thing I'd think sometimes is when you've got drivers that are doing well and certain incidents happen that take away from guys doing well, I think that gets covered too much. But it's the world we live in — we want those fights. We want those arguments. We want those rivalries. So I think that's what we go to first.
6. Who is the last driver you texted?
Most of the drivers don't like me, so I don't really have to text back and forth.
Why do you say that?
Because I'm not a real pleasant person most of the time, and I was raised in a world where my dad taught me, “We bring our friends to the racetrack. We don't come to make friends.” I think the last driver I texted was Tony Stewart, because I love me some Tony. We went back and forth, especially at Homestead, his final race.
7. Do you consider race car drivers to be entertainers?
We definitely live in an entertainment business. I wouldn't call us entertainers. Hopefully we bring entertainment to the people watching — otherwise they're not going to watch. And to a certain degree, you don't want boring racing because nobody is going to want to watch that. But I don't want to say we're entertainers; we're race car drivers.
8. What is your middle finger policy on the racetrack?
Use it as much as I can. The thing is, nobody really knows I'm flipping them off because my arms are really short. So when I stick my finger out the window, it's really just the tip of my finger so nobody knows I'm flipping them off. I try to wear white gloves, so if they do see me flipping them off, they're going to see it a little easier.
The problem is now we have an in-car cam a lot, so I've got to tone it back a little bit. I make sure my team reminds me whether we've got an in-car cam that weekend or not to know if I can flip out inside the car without anyone seeing.
9. Some drivers keep a payback list in their minds. Do you also have a list for drivers who have done you a favor on the track?
Definitely. It's one of those things where you race how they race you and how you want to be raced. There are certain guys you just know are going to race you harder than others. But you also know you get to certain guys and you've got that relationship where it's that give and take. (And) you know at the end of the race, no matter what, the rules are off.
Tony Stewart was a perfect example. The first couple years, about every other race, he tried to come down and kill me because, as he told me, I was doing something really stupid. I think it was Dover, we got to one race, and he beat on me a little bit and we were having a great run and I got tired of it and I drilled him, and after the race, he comes stomping down.
I thought, “Alright, here we go again. I'm getting first punch in though, because if he gets his hands around me, it could be trouble.” And he slapped me on the back and said, “That's how we race!” And he walked away, and ever since that time, we were racing each other fine. It's definitely a give and take, and you have a list of who raced you how and how difficult it's going to be.
10. Who is the most famous person you've had dinner with?
I don't have a lot of famous people that I'm — I'm really to myself, so I've got a really small group of friends. Jeff, I don't have a good answer for you. I don't have anybody famous I've done dinner with.
You might be the most famous person you've done dinner with, apparently.
I guess, and I really tried to hide that fact.
11. What's something about yourself you'd like to improve?
(Laughs) Everything? Except my hair. We can go back to the hair thing. The hair is pretty good.
You're really selling yourself short in this interview. You're saying you're not pleasant and hard to like and difficult.
It's been a rough few weeks, man. And I've spent about three days in Vegas, so my energy level is quite down.
No, there's so much to improve. The good side of it is I've somewhat got a good heart. I love animals, so we've got that. The people I truly care about and they care about me, I try to show my appreciation in every way possible. There's just a lot to improve on, let's just put it that way.
12. Ryan Newman was the last interview. His question for you was if you could build any type of racetrack — oval or road course — what would be the ideal racetrack?
That would be fun. It would be definitely a road course. Just add all the famous corners you could figure out — whether it was the Corkscrew at Laguna Seca, the top of the (mountain) at Bathurst, Mulsanne Straight (at Le Mans). Just try to take all those cool corners from so many different racetracks throughout the world and just put it together and have one really badass racetrack. That's what would be ideal.
There's a golf course in Myrtle Beach like that, right? With the best holes in the world?
They've got a few golf courses set up throughout the U.S. that I know of like that. Kind of the same deal.
Do you have a question for the next interview?
If they had to be one animal, what animal would they be and why?
A downtown Atlanta courtroom was the scene Thursday morning of a hearing in a case that could change the landscape for LGBT employees across the country. A panel of three judges with the U.S. Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in Lambda Legal's case on behalf of Jameka Evans, a Savannah security guard who was forced to leave her job because she is a lesbian. The Eleventh Circuit is a federal court with jurisdiction over the district courts in Georgia, Florida and Alabama.
Evans v. Georgia Regional Hospital is the latest Title VII case, in which LGBT and progressive legal groups argue that discrimination based on their client's sexual orientation should be ruled a violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which includes a provision that prohibits discrimination based on the sex of an individual. The Eleventh Circuit agreed with Lambda Legal's argument in 2011 that the Georgia General Assembly violated Title VII when Vandy Beth Glenn was fired for being transgender.
“The overall news is I think we'll win—eventually,” said Greg Nevins, Lambda Legal Counsel and Workplace Fairness Program Director, in comments following the hearing. “This was just to get her day in court.”
Chai Feldblum, a commissioner with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, was on hand as well, saying, “When the Civil Rights Act passed in 1964, it should have been clear right there that it covered gay people and trans people.” Feldblum, who is the EEOC's first openly lesbian commissioner, added that when it comes to getting LGBT people covered under Title VII, “we are now in an era of legal correction.”
Evans filed the lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District Court of Georgia in April 2015, arguing that Georgia Regional Hospital violated Title VII by discriminating against her because of her sexual orientation and her nonconformity with gender norms of appearance and demeanor. The district court dismissed Evans' complaint, arguing that Title VII doesn't protect employees from such discrimination. Lambda Legal filed an appeal with the Eleventh Circuit in January and Thursday's hearing was the group's first crack at arguing their case in federal court.
“For too long, LGBT employees have been forced to hide who they are at work for fear of backlash and discrimination. It is time for employers to recognize that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is a form of sex discrimination, and is unlawful,” Nevins said in a statement issued after the hearing. “Georgia Regional Hospital targeted Jameka Evans for harassment and eventually forced her out of her job because she is a lesbian who doesn't fit an employer's stereotype about who women are—that is sex stereotyping and against the law.”
Evans said, “My supervisor at Georgia Regional Hospital did not like that I was a lesbian who didn't fit his stereotype of how a woman should look. It is heartbreaking to know that no matter how good I was at my job, being a lesbian with a short haircut meant I would never be good enough. I'm here today because I believe you shouldn't be afraid of being fired simply because of who you are and who you love.”
Read Lambda Legal's brief filed on behalf of Evans here.
LA Galaxy defender AJ DeLaGarza started and went the full 90 in Guam's historic 1-0 World Cup qualifying victory Thursday over Turkmenistan at the Guam National Stadium, the tiny Pacific nation's first-ever World Cup qualifying victory.
Hosting a World Cup match for the first time ever, Guam were gifted the winning tally on an own goal from Serdar Annaorazov in the 14th minute in the second round of Asian qualifying. In their last World Cup qualifier, Guam were defeated 16-0 by Tajikistan in 2000.
In international friendly action Wednesday, Honduras were their usual pesky selves in a high-level friendly Wednesday against five-time World Cup winners Brazil.
Los Catrachos and their pair of Houston Dynamo stars gave Brazil all they could handle in a 1-0 loss. And there was some cause for concern for Dynamo fans, as Boniek Garcia, who started up top in head coach Jorge Luis Pinto's 4-4-2 formation, had to be subbed off in the 38th minute after a hard challenge from Brazil's Felipe Luis.
Luis Garrido started on the right wing before being subbed off at the 53-minute mark.
Brazil's lone goal came from Roberto Firmino in the 33rd minute as the world power struggled to find chances, with Honduras conceding 22 fouls.
On Thursday, Spain defeated Costa Rica in a friendly, 2-1. New York Red Bulls defender Roy Miller played the full 90 for Costa Rica, while Real Salt Lake's Alvaro Saborio came off the bench with a minute to play.
MLS players in international action on June 11:
Spain 2, Costa Rica 1, international friendly
Roy Miller (New York Red Bulls) - started, played 90 minutes
Alvaro Saborio (Real Salt Lake) - played one minute
Canada 2, Dominica 0, CONCACAF WC qualifier
Tesho Akindele (FC Dallas) - started, played 74 minutes
Will Johnson (Portland Timbers) - unused substitute
Cyle Larin (Orlando City SC) - started, played 78 minutes, 1 goal, 1 PK earned
Ashtone Morgan (Toronto FC) - unused substitute
Jonathan Osorio (Toronto FC) - unused substitute
Karl W. Ouimette (New York Red Bulls) - started, played 90 minutes
Russell Teibert (Vancouver Whitecaps) - started, played 82 minutes
Maxim Tissot (Montreal Impact) - substitute, played 16 minutes
St. Kitts and Nevis 2, El Salvador 2, CONCACAF WC qualifier
Atiba Harris (FC Dallas) - started, played 90 minutes
Darwin Ceren (Orlando City) - started, played 90 minutes
Iraq – 4-0 loss vs. Japan, international friendly
Justin Meram (Crew SC) – played 55 minutes
A pitcher's career is filled with unforgettable highs and very forgettable lows.
Take right-hander Edinson Volquez, for example. Last October, he shined in the decisive Game 5 of the World Series that clinched the Kansas City Royals' first championship since 1985. On Friday night, however, nothing went right.
Volquez allowed 12 runs (11 earned) on eight hits and three walks in one inning in a blowout loss to the Houston Astros. In fact, he allowed a grand slam and a triple to the same hitter (George Springer) in the first inning.
Article continues below ...
The good news: It's only one start, and Volquez will be back on the mound in a few days. The bad news: Volquez's ERA jumped by more than a run to 5.15.
Just how bad was it? Historically bad:
But wait, there's more. As CBS Sports notes, Volquez's minus-18 Game Score on Friday ranks as the 15th-worst of all-time. However, all but two of those terrible scores came before World War 2 and the other recent disaster was a five-inning effort.
Credit Volquez for facing the music afterward.
"Everything was in the middle," Volquez told MLB.com. "All my pitches were hanging or going back to the middle. I've been in that situation before. It's not to worry about. I just have to get ready for my next start. Everything was pretty straight. I knew it right away from the get-go. I told [pitching coach] Dave [Eiland], ‘I've got nothing.'"
He wasn't kidding.
Edinson Volquez with the 1st start in MLB history (!!!) with 12 runs allowed in 1 inning or less (via @baseball_ref Play Index of course) — Cespedes Family BBQ (@CespedesBBQ) June 25, 2016
.@astros 9-run 1st inning vs Royals: Triple
RBI single
Single
Out
RBI single
RBI single
BB
Error, run scores
RBI single
Grand Slam
Out
Out — FOX Sports: MLB (@MLBONFOX) June 25, 2016
On Monday, March 12th, the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Abdul Aziz bin Abdullah – Saudi Arabia's supreme religious official – created a stir when he stated that it is “necessary to destroy all the churches of the region.” While responding to a question from a Kuwait-based NGO delegation to clarify Islamic law's position about a proposed Kuwaiti ban on the construction of new churches, the mufti argued that the Prophet Muhammad said the Arabian Peninsula must exist under only one religion and, thus, all churches in the region must be destroyed.
Needless to say, his words have provoked heated responses from Christians throughout the Middle East. All fair-minded people are rightly upset by his remarks, which hold the dangerous likelihood of triggering acts of violence against churches in the Middle East. As Muslims, however, we are also deeply disappointed and offended by the mufti's blatant disregard for the principles for which Islam's Holy Scripture and prophet have stood.
The Koran establishes the principle that the origin of all religions is in divine revelation and that their Founders were divinely appointed messengers who must be equally respected. It further commands Muslims to defend all places of worship – churches, synagogues, temples, cloisters, etc – even with their own lives. Far from sanctioning any destruction, our faith instructs us to protect places of worship of all religions.
How can the highest recognized cleric in Saudi Arabia have completely abandoned such clear and direct commandments in the Koran? It is entirely disappointing to see a man in a position of leadership in the Muslim world sanction – and even promote – the violent destruction or demolition of any house of worship, wherein the name of God is oft commemorated.
In fact, Islam goes even further. Muslims have also been made to promise to defend followers of other faiths from unjust and cruel attacks. In 628, the Prophet Muhammad delivered the Charter of Privileges to the monks of St. Catherine Monastery in Mt. Sinai. This charter protected the human rights of all Christians and remains a guide for all Muslim states' relations with non-Muslim minorities. In this charter, the Prophet Muhammad made a declaration that nullifies the Saudi Mufti's call to destroy all churches. The charter, still preserved in Mt. Sinai today, states: “None of their churches or other places of worship will be desolated, destroyed or demolished. No material of their churches will be used for building mosques or houses for the Muslims. Any Muslim doing so will be regarded as disobedient to God and His Prophet.”
The only logical deduction to make from the Prophet of Islam's clear instruction is that this Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia is disobedient to God and His Prophet. The Prophet Muhammad even goes further by stating “every help shall be given (Christians) in the repair of their churches.” So we can forget the notion of destroying churches. We, as Muslims, are expected to help in repairing churches.
For those Muslims who may assert that this charter does not apply today, they need not look any further than Muhammad's first words of the charter: “I have caused this document to be written for Christians of the East and the West, for those who live near, and for those of distant lands, for the Christians living at present and for those who would come after, for those Christians who are known to us and for those as well whom we do not know.” The charter concludes, “Let this document be not disobeyed till the Judgment Day.”
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community calls upon the appointed leaders in different parts of the Muslim world to adhere to the words of the Prophet of Islam and to stop prohibiting the free exercise of faith. As followers of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad – who claimed to be the second coming of Jesus and Messiah for all people to remove misconceptions in religion, revive the true teachings of Islam, and bring mankind back to God – the community advances his message that Islam forbids any act of aggression or terrorism against any religion. Before innocent people are victimized by those seeking to fulfill the mufti's commandment, he must align himself with the views of Islam's scripture and Prophet by retracting his dangerous statement.
Nasim Rehmatullah is National Vice President of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, USA – the oldest Muslim Organization in America. Harris Zafar is National Spokesperson for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA and a frequent lecturer about Islam around the country. He can be contacted at harris.zafar@ahmadiyya.us
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the economic and social factors that led to the craze for gin in the 18th century and the moves to control it.
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the craze for gin in Britain in the mid 18th Century and the attempts to control it. With the arrival of William of Orange, it became an act of loyalty to drink Protestant, Dutch gin rather than Catholic brandy, and changes in tariffs made everyday beer less affordable. Within a short time, production increased and large sections of the population that had rarely or never drunk spirits before were consuming two pints of gin a week. As Hogarth indicated in his print 'Beer Street and Gin Lane' (1751) in support of the Gin Act, the damage was severe, and addiction to gin was blamed for much of the crime in cities such as London.
With
Angela McShane
Research Fellow in History at the Victoria and Albert Museum and University of Sheffield
Judith Hawley
Professor of 18th century literature at Royal Holloway, University of London
And
Emma Major
Senior Lecturer in English at the University of York
Producer: Simon Tillotson.
Astronomers say a red dwarf star and its brown dwarf companion passed within 0.8 light-year of our own sun 70,000 years ago, moving through the comets in the outer reaches of the Oort Cloud that surrounds our solar system. In cosmic terms, that's almost a close shave, astronomers say; our nearest neighbor star, Proxima Centauri, is a comfortable 4.2 light years away from us.
The low-mass star, dubbed “Scholz's star,” (a binary system comprising a red dwarf and brown dwarf companion first observed in 2013) caught astronomers' attention because despite being fairly close in astronomical terms, just 20 light years away, it displayed very slow motion across the sky, known as tangential motion, the scientists report in the Astrophysical Journal Letters.
By studying its trajectory and velocity, astronomers found that the star was either moving towards, or away from our solar system. They reconstructed its past movement and quickly realized it was moving away from our solar system, which means that it passed through it (or very close to it) sometime in the past.
Until now, the top candidate for the closest known flyby of a star to the solar system was the so-called “rogue star” HIP 85605, which was predicted to come close to our solar system in 240,000 to 470,000 years from now. However, Eric Mamajek (from the University of Rochester & lead study author) and his collaborators have also demonstrated that the original distance to HIP 85605 was likely underestimated by a factor of ten. At its more likely distance – about 200 light years – HIP 85605's newly calculated trajectory would not bring it within the Oort Cloud.
Mamajek and Scott Barenfeld, now a graduate student at Caltech, simulated 10,000 orbits for the star taking position, distance and velocity into account as well as the Milky Way's gravitational field and statistical uncertainties for all of these measurements. 98% of the simulations showed Scholz's star passing through the Oort cloud, only one brought the star within the inner Oort cloud which would have triggered “comet showers”.
While the close flyby of Scholz's star likely had little impact on the Oort Cloud, Mamajek points out that “other dynamically important Oort Cloud perturbers may be lurking among nearby stars.” The recently launched European Space Agency Gaia satellite is expected to map out the distances and measure the velocities of a billion stars. With the Gaia data, astronomers will be able to tell which other stars may have had a close encounter with us in the past or will in the distant future.
Via the Daily Rushbo, that's the second time in a week that Rush has given Rubio a vote of confidence at a moment when the rest of the field (Ted Cruz very much included) is desperate to blow him up. That feels strange after so many months of Limbaugh mainstreaming Trump on the right — as I said in last week's post, it's hard to be pro-Trump and pro-Rubio — but it makes sense strategically. If Rubio collapses, conservatives are left with Cruz and … that's pretty much it, given that the other remaining survivors in the field are apt to be Trump, Kasich, and/or Bush. Unless you want to (shudder) take a second look at Jeb, you need Rubio in there in case Cruz hits a wall after the SEC primary. For all his faults, from amnesty to hyper-interventionism to his inability to stray off-script even when he's being mocked for staying relentlessly on script, Rubio would still be more conservative as president than the rest of his center-right competition. Rush is simply playing the long game here by declining to wreck him for his debate stumble.
As for the substance of Rubio's answer, I wouldn't go as far in claiming that “Obama knows what he's doing.” Domestically, that's true: ObamaCare wasn't an accident. It's true in some foreign policy matters too, like the Iran deal. O succeeded there in his goal of neutralizing the threat, if you define “the threat” as “American hawks willing to risk war with Iran to stop their nuclear program.” He took war off the table for the foreseeable future, even at the price of legitimizing uranium enrichment by Iran in 15 years' time. He knew what he was doing. I'll never buy that he knew what he was doing in Libya and Syria, though. There's no strategic benefit to setting red lines for Assad on WMD and vowing that Assad must go and then failing to follow through on either of those threats later. It's pure amateurism, a bluff with nothing behind it, and emblematic of Obama's short-sighted approach in Syria of doing just enough so that hawks can't claim he's doing absolutely nothing while doing little enough that doves can't claim we're on our way to Vietnam 3.0. Rubio, I'm sure, does have some concrete ideas about what the commander-in-chief should be doing in Syria. Whether a McCain-ish ramping up of America's presence in the Syrian maelstrom would be better than Obama's “strategy du jour” approach, I leave for you to decide.
Anyway. It's fine to say, as Rush and Andy McCarthy do, that Rubio was right on the merits of his “Obama knows what he's doing” talking point. The problem, as McCarthy notes, was Rubio's insistence on mindlessly repeating the point even while being mocked for mindless repetition, as though he couldn't delve into the substance of it. The point of Christie's jab was that a freshman senator is too inexperienced to successfully advance his agenda as president, which is really stupid considering that Obama's actually done it. He got the stimulus through; he got ObamaCare through; he made a dubious deal with Iran and proclaimed a dubious mass amnesty via executive action. Claiming at this point that young legislators can't move the ball for their team as president is like claiming that it's scientifically impossible that the sky is blue. Just look up! But rather than say that, Rubio stuck to his script, and as Ace noted yesterday, once you've seen the 25-second speech exposed it's hard not to see it in everything Rubio says. That's unfair insofar as all of the candidates are giving canned speeches — Christie's famous townhall passage on drug addiction is one he's repeated many times — but Rubio's dependence on it under fire, when he was practically being dared to say something spontaneous, created a filter through which he'll be viewed going forward. Not fatal, I think, but it's a problem now.
One more thing. Rush praises Rubio (and Cruz) here for correctly identifying that Obama has succeeded in moving his agenda whereas so much of the rest of the party, most notably Trump, dismiss Obama's problem as incompetence and inexperience. Rush's theory for that is that the establishmentarians have to pretend that Obama screwed up because they're complicit in his successes. They've worked with him, after all. Okay, but … so has Rubio, first and foremost on the Obama-friendly Gang of Eight bills and to a lesser extent in lending rhetorical support for the disastrous intervention in Libya. (McCarthy notes both of those in his piece.) If Rubio knew all along that Obama had bad intentions with his policies, why did he cooperate with him on anything, let alone major initiatives? And why are we knocking Trump for believing that Obama's an incompetent when the whole premise of his candidacy rests on that assumption? This goes back to what Rush said a few weeks ago about how Trump, in his own way, is making the case for smaller government by relentlessly attacking government as incompetent. Not so. Trump's problem with government is that it's run by morons, not that it's too big and therefore destined to behave inefficiently. Obama's just the head moron. Replace him with Trump and yuge improvements will be seen. If we're going to boost Trump, let's at least be clear-eyed about his message is.
Testing asynchronous code has always been a challenge, but it's now easier than ever, thanks to the async and fakeAsync utilities available for Angular 2+. This should make your Angular unit and integration tests that much easier to write.
Async
The async utility tells Angular to run the code in a dedicated test zone that intercepts promises. We briefly covered the async utility in our intro to unit testing in Angular when using compileComponents, so let's go over one more detail here; namely the use of async with whenStable. whenStable allows us to wait until all promises have been resolved to run our expectations. Let's start with an example component like this:
import { Component } from '@angular/core'; @Component({ selector: 'app-root', template: `<h1<{{ title }}</h1> <button (click)="setTitle()" class="set-title"> set title </button> ` }) export class AppComponent { title: string; setTitle() { new Promise(resolve => { resolve('One crazy app!'); }).then((val: string) => { this.title = val; }); } }
When the button is clicked, the title property is set using a promise. And here's how we can test this functionality using async and whenStable:
// ...our imports here describe('AppComponent', () => { let fixture: ComponentFixture<AppComponent>; let debugElement: DebugElement; beforeEach(async(() => { TestBed.configureTestingModule({ declarations: [AppComponent], providers: [IncrementDecrementService] }).compileComponents(); fixture = TestBed.createComponent(AppComponent); debugElement = fixture.debugElement; })); it('should display title', async(() => { debugElement .query(By.css('.set-title')) .triggerEventHandler('click', null); fixture.whenStable().then(() => { fixture.detectChanges(); const value = debugElement.query(By.css('h1')).nativeElement.innerText; expect(value).toEqual('One crazy app!'); }); })); });
Obviously in a real app you'll have promises that actually wait on something useful like a response from a request to your backend API.
FakeAsync
The problem with async is that we still have to introduce real waiting in our tests, and this can make our tests very slow. fakeAsync comes to the rescue and helps to test asynchronous code in a synchronous way. To demonstrate fakeAsync, let's start with a simple example. Say our component template has a button that increments a value like this:
app.component.html
<h1> {{ incrementDecrement.value }} </h1> <button ( click )=" increment ()" class= "increment" > Increment </button>
It calls an increment method in the component class that looks like this:
app.component.ts
increment() { this.incrementDecrement.increment(); }
And this method itself calls a method in an incrementDecrement service that has an increment method that's made asynchronous with the use of a setTimeout:
increment-decrement.service.ts
increment() { setTimeout(() => { if (this.value < 15) { this.value += 1; this.message = ''; } else { this.message = 'Maximum reached!'; } }, 5000); // wait 5 seconds to increment the value }
Obviously, in a real-world app this asynchronicity can be introduced in a number of different ways.
Let's now use fakeAsync with the tick utility to run an integration test and make sure the value is incremented in the template:
app.component.spec.ts
import { TestBed, fakeAsync, tick , ComponentFixture } from '@angular/core/testing'; import { By } from '@angular/platform-browser'; import { DebugElement } from '@angular/core'; import { AppComponent } from './app.component'; import { IncrementDecrementService } from './increment-decrement.service'; describe('AppComponent', () => { let fixture: ComponentFixture<AppComponent>; let debugElement: DebugElement; beforeEach( async(() => { TestBed.configureTestingModule({ declarations: [AppComponent], providers: [IncrementDecrementService] }).compileComponents(); fixture = TestBed.createComponent(AppComponent); debugElement = fixture.debugElement; }) ); it('should increment in template after 5 seconds', fakeAsync (() => { debugElement .query(By.css('button.increment')) .triggerEventHandler('click', null); tick(2000); fixture.detectChanges(); let value = debugElement.query(By.css('h1')).nativeElement.innerText; expect(value).toEqual('0'); // value should still be 0 after 2 seconds tick(3000) ; fixture.detectChanges(); const value = debugElement.query(By.css('h1')).nativeElement.innerText; expect(value).toEqual('1'); // 3 seconds later, our value should now be 1 })); });
Notice how the tick utility is used inside a fakeAsync block to simulate the passage of time. The argument passed-in to tick is the number of milliseconds to pass, and these are cumulative within a test.
Tick can also be used with no argument, in which case it waits until all the microtasks are done (when promises are resolved for example).
Specifying the passing time like that can quickly become cumbersome, and can become a problem when you don't know how much time should pass. A new utility called flush was introduced in Angular 4.2 and helps with that issue. It basically simulates the passage of time until the macrotask queue is empty. Macrotasks include things like setTimouts, setIntervals and requestAnimationFrame.
So, using flush, we can write a test like this for example:
Amazon has just released a preview of some of the deals they'll be having for Prime Day tomorrow July 15th. At the top of the list is the Amazon Fire TV Stick which will be discounted by $15 off it's regular $39 price. Another Amazon device included on the preview list is the Fire HD 7 tablet, both regular and kids edition, which will each be $60 off. One of the Kindle models will be $30 off, but there is no mention of which one. Read on for the full list of previewed deals.
Deals Preview
Follow AFTVnews on Twitter / Facebook and subscribe via email to be the first to learn when new articles go live. Follow me, Elias Saba, on Twitter and Instagram to see what I'm working on before it's posted here.
ShareTweetShare+1
Pope Francis has ordered a ban on the sale of cigarettes inside the Vatican from next year because of health concerns, a spokesman said on Thursday.
"The motive is very simple: the Holy See cannot be cooperating with a practice that is clearly harming the health of people," spokesman Greg Burke said in a statement.
He cited World World Health Organization (WHO) statistics that smoking causes more than seven million deaths worldwide every year.
Cigarettes have been sold at a discounted price to Vatican employees and pensioners.
CUTTING BACK ON ALCOHOL CAN PREVENT CANCERS, EXPERTS CLAIM
Vatican employees are allowed to buy five cartons of cigarettes a month. Many Italians ask their non-smoking friends who work in the Vatican to buy cigarettes for them because they cost much less than in Italy, where they are subject to heavy taxes.
Burke acknowledged that the sale of cigarettes has been a source of revenue for the Holy See, adding, "However, no profit can be legitimate if it is costing people their lives."
The spokesman said the sale of large cigars would continue at least for the time being because the smoke is not inhaled.
The Vatican, a tiny walled city-state surrounded by Rome, is one of the few states to ban smoking. Bhutan, where smoking is deemed bad for one's karma, banned the sale of tobacco in 2005.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. efforts to eradicate Afghanistan's opium poppy crops, which cover an area about the size of New York City, have been “unsatisfactory,” Russia's anti-drug czar said Thursday.
Afghan farmers work on a poppy field in the Grishk district of Helmand province in this April 18, 2009 file photo. Once known as the bread basket of Afghanistan, the lush green irrigated fields of Helmand are the world's single largest source of opium. REUTERS/Abdul Qodus/Files
Russia is the world's largest per capita consumer of heroin and is coping with an epidemic of HIV/AIDS spread by dirty needles.
Afghanistan has long been the world's leading producer of opium, used to make heroin, and one-quarter of its production traverses its porous border with former Soviet states and supplies as many as 3 million Russian addicts.
Viktor Ivanov, director of Russia's Federal Service for the Control of Narcotics, in Chicago for meetings with his American counterparts, said he agreed with the dim assessment of U.S. poppy eradication efforts by some members of the U.S. Congress.
“Their words were that the efforts are unsatisfactory,” Ivanov said through an interpreter in an interview with Reuters. He referred to Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein and Republican Senator Charles Grassley, who co-chair a caucus on international drug trafficking.
Russia has said the United States made a mistake in 2009 by phasing out crop eradication efforts to focus instead on intercepting drugs and hunting production labs and drug lords.
President Barack Obama has committed to turning over security to Afghan control by the end of 2014. The United States launched the war weeks after the September 11, 2001, attacks, targeting al Qaeda and the Taliban.
Joint Russian-American anti-drug operations have appeared to tail off since a raid in October 2010 seized a ton of heroin and destroyed four drug-producing laboratories.
There were four more joint raids conducted between December 2010 and February 2011, but Ivanov said it was cumbersome to obtain military approval quickly, given time-sensitive intelligence.
IDEOLOGICALLY NEUTRAL
In spite of concerns that the Taliban and other insurgent elements were financed by illegal drug profits, Ivanov said absentee landowners and traffickers who reap the bulk of the $7 billion in illegal drug proceeds did not have an ideological stake in the decade-old war. The Taliban earned $150 million annually from drug trafficking, he said.
But the traffickers have hijacked the military's transportation infrastructure in Afghanistan to help them ship their product, he said.
The rising number of violent clashes in Afghanistan worked against any effort to persuade farmers to grow legal crops instead of opium poppies, Ivanov said.
“Ask any farmer if he's growing wheat and at the same time his country is torn by all sorts of military clashes. How safe will he feel about the future of his crops and the eventual sale of his crops?” Ivanov said.
“That's why we think the most efficient and effective measure is to destroy the product, the drug plantations and the drug laboratories,” he said.
The United Nations said land devoted to opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan rose 7 percent this year to 1,310 square kilometers (506 sq miles), much of it in the less-secure south and east.
“This tremendous amount of heroin is produced on a relatively small territory ... about the area of New York City,” Ivanov said.
He lobbied for creation of a digital poppy map that would identify poppy plantations and show where eradication was working, or not. The publicly accessible map would use surveillance data gathered by American drones and possibly a Russian-American satellite dedicated to the task.
Ivanov said Russia, which fought its own costly war in Afghanistan in the 1980s, had also embarked on a concerted effort to treat its own addicts, which critics say it has often failed to do up to now.
Scientists were working on a new pharmaceutical approach that would suppress the urge to use while not substituting one drug for another. Russian officials have rejected methadone, saying it is merely exchanging one addiction for another.
U.S. addiction rates were also on the rise, Ivanov warned, with many users smoking or inhaling purer Afghan heroin.
You'll Laugh So Hard When You Read These Notes Left on Cars People
People are generally jerks. This is especially true when we get behind the wheel of a vehicle. The thought of putting millions of pissed off people inside metal boxes that weigh thousands of pounds and then hurling them down roads at high rates of speed each day is just insane. When the road rage isn't enough, we like to leave notes on other people's cars just to let them know how much of an a-hole they're being. Fortunately this gives us a chance to chuckle at these 20 hilarious windshield notes left on cars.
Next time someone really pisses you off in the parking lot, really show them how you feel with a funny windshield note so we can all have a good laugh.
From the web
John McCain set an ugly precedent in the U.S. Senate this week. On Wednesday, McCain and two Democrats—Ben Cardin of Maryland and Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire—asked the Senate for a unanimous consent vote to advance Montenegro's bit to join NATO. McCain would brook no dissent: to any colleague who would object to unanimous consent, he warned, “You are achieving the objectives of Vladimir Putin . . . trying to dismember this small country which has already been the subject an attempted coup.” Sen. Rand Paul did object, then left the chamber. And McCain, on the floor of the Senate, explicitly called his colleague an agent of a foreign power.
“The only conclusion you can draw when he walks away is he has no argument to be made. He has no justification for his objection to having a small nation be part of NATO that is under assault from the Russians,” McCain said. “So I repeat again: The senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin.”
No, he is not. He is a patriot who is working for the American citizens that sent him to the Senate. Agree or disagree with his views—which he has consistently expressed and will come as no surprise to his constituents or anyone else who has followed Paul's career—but don't question his true loyalties. McCain, who himself has served his country nobly, should know this.
Once upon a time the Senate used to pride itself on its collegiality. When Sen. Elizabeth Warren so much as quoted a letter from Coretta Scott King that impugned the motives of Jeff Sessions—during the Alabama senator's confirmation hearing to become attorney general last month—she was reprimanded and silenced by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell under the chamber's Rule 19, which states, “No senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.” Even at the height of 1950s red-hunting, Sen. Joseph McCarthy never took to the Senate floor to accuse a colleague of working for Moscow; he reserved his invective for the campaign trail. Senator McCain has now outdone him.
For McCain to charge anyone else with serving foreign interests is more than a little ironic. During the Arizona senator's campaign for the White House in 2008, one of his top advisors, Randy Scheunemann, was a partner in a lobbying firm that took on a $200,000 contract to work for the government of Georgia. According to the Washington Post , the very day that Scheunemann signed the contract, he coached McCain for a call with Georgia's president and “helped the presumptive Republican presidential nominee prepare a strong statement of support for the fledgling republic.” There is no doubting the sincerity of McCain's internationalist convictions, but the world in which he operates is one in which large sums of money cement the relationship between American war hawks and foreign capitals.
As for Rand Paul, McCain knows that his objections to NATO enlargement are rooted in the Kentucky senator's libertarian-inflected understanding of America's national interest. On Thursday, Paul released a statement explaining his vote in terms that are abundantly familiar to friends and critics alike: “Currently, the United States has troops in dozens of countries and is actively fighting in Iraq, Syria, Libya, and Yemen (with the occasional drone strike in Pakistan). In addition, the United States is pledged to defend twenty-eight countries in NATO. It is unwise to expand the monetary and military obligations of the United States given the burden of our $20 trillion debt.”
To discredit opponents by linking them to Vladimir Putin is, however, the fashion of the season in Washington, DC. McCain's attack on Paul shows that the hype will not stop with investigations into the 2016 election—where there are serious questions to be answered about Russian hacking and other attempts to influence the race, as well as the connections of Trump advisors such as Michael Flynn to Moscow. In the president's case, much of the media—to say nothing of Democrats and Never Trump Republicans—has skipped ahead to a verdict in advance of the evidence: suspicion is proof of guilt. (How many viewers of MSNBC, for example, know that no criminal wrongdoing of any sort has actually been alleged against the president?)
But where Rand Paul is concerned, we now have a situation in which principled ideological differences are portrayed as unpatriotic, even morally treasonous—a situation reminiscent not only of the Red Scare but of the moral blackmail that proponents of the Iraq War employed against their foreign-policy critics. Back then, critics of the war were tarred as so many Baghdad Bobs, unpatriotic Americans, useful idiots for Saddam Hussein. Now Putin occupies the role once assigned to the Iraqi dictator.
But the stakes here are much higher. Russia is a great regional power, one with which the United States and Europe must deal realistically—recognizing both its illiberalism and the strategic interests that limit as well as spur Moscow's actions. Russia is not the Soviet Union, and while moralism was a potent weapon against Communist ideology, it is far less effective in changing how another nation understands its national self-interest. McCain goes beyond the limits of the Cold War not only in his intemperate insults to Rand Paul's patriotism, but in his unrealistic view of NATO expansion. During the Cold War, the United States was careful to choose only allies it could plausibly defend. McCain does not apply any such test.
The Arizona senator does not see it that way, obviously. But by failing to credit the good faith of those who take a more limited view of American interests, figures like McCain deprive the country of the benefits of robust debate. The reduction of foreign policy to a series of caricatures and boastful assertions of values led to catastrophe in the Middle East, as even many former enthusiasts for the Iraq War readily admit. To indulge in pettiness, paranoia, and bad-faith insults where our policy toward Russia is concerned risks leading to something a lot worse.
Daniel McCarthy is editor at large of The American Conservative .
Images: Sen. Joseph McCarthy (public domain). Sen. John McCain in 2008 (Wikimedia Commons/Chris Denbow)
UPDATE: Australian stars Chris Vermeulen, Troy Bayliss and Casey Stoner all express interest in the Suter 500 two-stroke! See tweets below...
Eskil Suter claims his company's MMX 500 two-stroke would be around tenth place, with the right rider, if it went up against the current grid of MotoGP machines.
Rule changes saw four-strokes enter the premier-class in 2002. The bigger capacity bikes soon dominated the results and filled the grid from the following year. But despite the outright performance and technical superiority of the MotoGP prototypes, many still miss the purity of the extinct 500s.
Enter Eskil Suter, whose company has built chassis for all three of the current grand prix classes. The Swiss ex-racer designed a modern version of the 500, featuring a 576cc V4 engine, producing 195hp at a weight of 127kg and estimated top speed of 310km/h (193mph).
The bike, which also boasts electronic fuel injection and counter-rotating crankshaft, is available to buy for 120,000 Euros. According to Suter, advances in technology mean it is probably quicker than the legendary machines it was built to imitate.
"What you get is pretty much a factory machine," Suter told Crash.net. "20 years ago a machine like that could cost millions, it's all hand built of titanium, some parts hand cast and manually machined.
"It's a bespoke factory bike, in fact I believe that it's even faster than those GP two-strokes.
"It's got 195hp, but the friendly torque curve in combination with the modern chassis and tyres means that if you put an experienced rider on it he could probably match MotoGP times, maybe P10.
"When I was riding it at Jerez I was only about 4.9 seconds off Rossi's 500 lap record and I'm 50 years old and 50kg too heavy. I think if you put Marquez on it he'd do a 1m 39, but I'm sure that Honda wouldn't allow that..."
Rossi's 2001 500cc lap record was a 1m 42.421s lap, while a low 1m 39s would have been good enough for ninth on the grid at the recent Spanish MotoGP.
"It's a really beautiful bike," said Suter, explaining the background to the machine, which also competed in last year's Isle of Man TT. "In 2010 we were sitting around wondering which direction to go in and I still had quite a lot of two-stroke technology from my racing career lying around. We had a chassis and all the bits and pieces and really all we had to do was to make an engine.
"It was just small talk from the caf?, we wanted to do something fun which wasn't necessarily connected to the daily business.
"I thought it was a shame that a bike like that had never been made commercially available, you could only get them produced by racing factories from Japan and if you can't buy one you've got to make it.
"The two-stroke 500s were special and we knew there was a big community of fans for them - including us. We saw that projects like the Ducati Desmosedici had done well, they sold all of them despite the fact that it cost 100,000 Euros, so we felt it wasn't a crazy thing to do.
"There is a market for them and we produce them to order. Believe me, they are a hell of a lot of fun to ride.
"We actually went for a displacement of 580cc just to get a more friendly torque curve. We needed to fill out that 500cc two-stroke torque hole that you get at about 8,000 or 9,000rpm and now the torque curve is beautifully flat and it's great to ride.
"It's still wild but it's really useable and you can just pull it straight through from 500rpm... [We've sold] around 20 or so but it's ongoing and we're preparing the next batch."
Suter is hoping to return to the TT with the MMX 500 in 2018.
That sounds like fun to ride! https://t.co/GyvqZ7DVks-- Chris Vermeulen (@chrisvermeulen7) May 17, 2017
@TroyBaylisstic @McLarenMotoGP We should get a couple TB and go for a spin! -- Chris Vermeulen (@chrisvermeulen7) May 17, 2017
@chrisvermeulen7 Hmmmm I do love 2-strokes!-- Casey Stoner (@Official_CS27) May 18, 2017
Oculus founder Palmer Luckey wants you to know he's not voting for Donald Trump.
A report in the Daily Beast on Thursday said Luckey had donated to a group called Nimble America, which supports Trump by creating and distributing memes that attack Hillary Clinton.
But beyond financial backing, the story said the 24-year-old millionaire shared many sentiments of the group, which has been linked to "Trump-themed white supremacist and anti-Semitic memes."
In a Facebook post Friday night, Luckey acknowledged that he had donated $10,000 to the group because he "thought the organization had fresh ideas on how to communicate with young voters through the use of several billboards."
But Luckey distanced himself from other claims in the Daily Beast article, saying he is a Libertarian who plans to vote for Gary Johnson in November.
Related: Twitter permanently removes Milo Yiannopoulos from its platform
In the last 24 hours, there has been an outcry in the tech community about Luckey's support for Nimble America. Virtual reality developers like Tomorrow Today Labs and Scruta Games threatened to stop making applications for Oculus unless Luckey was fired.
It was this reaction that Luckey seemed the most regretful about.
"I am deeply sorry that my actions are negatively impacting the perception of Oculus and its partners," he wrote. "My actions were my own and do not represent Oculus."
The 24-year-old Luckey is worth about $700 million, according to Forbes. He sold the company to Facebook (FB) for $2 billion in 2014. The virtual reality tech that broke crowdfunding records is largely credited with shepherding in the rising popularity of virtual reality.
Facebook and Oculus did not comment except to point to Luckey's post.
At this point in time, there is an abundance of ways to watch televisions shows and movies online. Many consumers subscribe to an online streaming service, such as Netflix, Hulu or Amazon. While it may not be recommended, there are still many people that use torrents to gain access to this content. BitTorrent and Utorrent have become enormously popular since they're programs that are utilized for this specific purpose. Nevertheless, these programs are not perfect. In order to use this software safely, it is pertinent to take precautions to protect your identity and your computer. You will find tips for doing just that below.
Understanding Torrents
Most people are well aware of the basic construct of torrents. By using torrents, it is possible to download files from other people from all around the world. The files acquired can be pretty much anything from e-books to music. Downloading files in this manner is truly a 2-way street. This is true because you'll simultaneously download the file and upload it to others. When downloading files in this manner, small pieces of the file are downloaded from numerous sources all around the web. Torrents originally emerged in 2001 and their use has continued to spread and grow.
Using torrents to gain access to the files you desire is undeniably easy. Nevertheless, it is pertinent to take steps to protect yourself from malicious software and your Internet service provider.
Your IP Address
When using torrents without any protection, your computer's IP address will be visible to others. There is a possibility that someone could eavesdrop on your data. Alternatively, other users could flood your computer with bad traffic. Even worse is the fact that you could be caught red-handed downloading copyrighted materials. Your computer's IP address can easily be traced and your online activity could be discovered. While it may be possible to change your IP address, it is almost certain that your Internet service provider will keep track of this information. With this in mind, it is essential to hide your IP and your Internet activity, so it remains concealed from prying eyes.
Malware Risks Are A Major Issue
[pullquote]Many people do not give much thought to the risks of utilizing torrents, which is a huge mistake.[/pullquote] One of the biggest risks of downloading a file that contains metadata, especially those associated with movies and songs, is downloading a malicious file or crippling virus. While some torrent downloads may be perfectly safe, there is always going to be malware risks. Believe it or not, you will not even be aware of the malicious file until the file is completely downloaded onto your computer.
Once the disguised malware is opened, it's mainly because the individual downloading the torrent file is unaware of the risks or has a false sense of security. You may not even be able to remove it from your computer, which means that it will have to be taken into a computer shop to be removed.
Torrents And Lawsuits
As you probably already know, utilizing torrents to access newly released songs and videos can be rather risky, because of potential lawsuits. Movie and music producers are losing a lot of money through torrents. Every person that downloads a torrent file means that it is one more person that is avoiding financially supporting the product. For instance, a new release on a DVD may cost anywhere from $15 to $20 and this money is needed to supplement the production costs. With millions of dollars being lost to pirating each year, producers, celebrities, and other professionals are now more than willing to file a lawsuit against an individual or entity partaking in these illegal practices.
Using Encryption
Encrypting the data sent to and from your computer is highly recommended. Unfortunately, this is not a perfect solution, but it can still provide you with a little extra reassurance. By encrypting your data, you will be able to make it illegible to onlookers. However, the IP address itself and other details may still be visible and readable. Also, encryption requires your peers to have it enabled as well.
Using A VPN
If you are sincerely concerned about protecting your privacy, you will definitely want to consider using a VPN or virtual private network. There are free and paid solutions. Both can work significantly well, as long as they're set up and utilized correctly. Truly, it is in your best interest to learn how to hide your IP with BitTorrent, before engaging in such behavior. Learn more about the VPN and how to set it up on your specific torrent software.
If you want more information about file formats and online security here on Bit Rebels, click here!
The Veronicas, an Australian pop group, are clapping back at critics who believe the group promotes eating disorders.
The band, made up of twin sisters Jessica and Lisa Origliasso, say it regularly fields Facebook and Twitter users who make comments about their bodies and eating habits, according to an interview with News Corp Australia. People frequently suggest that the vegan twins are too thin, asking them to eat something or “order room service.”
Jessica Orgliasso explains why these body-shaming remarks are so exhausting: “It's constant. It's usually people who aren't invested in us as artists, they don't know what's going on in any capacity. They have these big opinions and it's very frustrating. None of it makes sense.”
Follow Motto on Facebook.
The sisters laid out their eating habits in the interview. “It infuriates me, health is something that I'm really passionate about, probably because we've been given such a hard time about it for a long time — for our entire career,” Origliasso said. “The food pyramid we adhere to have a lot of good fats, we eat a lot of olive oil, avocado, hemp seeds, pumpkin seeds, really good oil, massive amounts of healthy carbs.”
One Facebook commentator even offered buying their groceries, a humble gesture in his eyes. The Veronicas happily replied with their grocery list for one day, with food items including “10 organic red potatoes” and “Organic vegan chocolate protein powder.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
22 October 2014, 12:00
Seven Bath players included in 33-man party
Chris Robshaw retains captaincy
Semesa Rokoduguni is among three uncapped players named in England's 33-man squad for the 2014 QBE Internationals against New Zealand, South Africa, Samoa and Australia. Chris Robshaw will captain the side in the four-game series at Twickenham.
The group also features Saracens lock George Kruis and Northampton Saints flanker Calum Clark and will meet up at Pennyhill Park on Sunday, October 26 to prepare for the opening clash with the All Blacks on November 8. Three remaining fixtures take place on consecutive Saturdays.
Centre Jonathan Joseph is included with Manu Tuilagi injured, and swells the number of in-form Bath representatives to seven. George Ford is among those from the West Country club as one of three options at fly half alongside Owen Farrell and Stephen Myler.
England Head Coach Stuart Lancaster said: “The first six rounds of the Premiership and opening round of European action have given us plenty to think about as coaches with a lot of players putting their hand up for selection and we are excited by the options available to us.
“We are still monitoring a number of players injury-wise and with another intensive round of European games to come, including the Wasps-Harlequins and Sale-Clermont games on Sunday, there are likely to be additions to the squad after the weekend as we move into the training camp and towards the games - so there is plenty to be decided before the New Zealand match comes around.
"We have four quality sides coming to Twickenham for this QBE Internationals series and we are really looking forward to playing at home in front of our passionate supporters as we continue the build up to the World Cup in 12 months' time.”
Having recovered from the knee injury that kept him out of the tour to New Zealand, young Exeter Chiefs wing Jack Nowell returns to the fold, while back-rowers James Haskell (Wasps) and Ben Morgan (Gloucester Rugby) are also rewarded for fine domestic form.
Harlequins' Robshaw has captained England in 27 of their last 30 Tests and Lancaster added: “Chris continues to lead from the front and with other players now stepping up into captaincy and senior roles at their clubs, we are building a team of leaders who can take England forward.
“There are a number of players unavailable for this series because of long term injury (listed below) but they are all on the road to recovery and as always, it gives the opportunity for others to come in and stake their claim.
“We have included Jonathan [Joseph] as an injury replacement for Manu. It is obviously disappointing to lose Manu but JJ has been in great form and deserves this chance. Our medics will continue to work closely Leicester's and ensure that Manu is supported in his rehabilitation from his injury.”
England Senior Squad (33)
Loose-head props
Joe Marler (Harlequins)
Matt Mullan (Wasps)
Tight-head props
Kieran Brookes (Newcastle Falcons)
David Wilson (Bath Rugby)
Hookers
Dylan Hartley (Northampton Saints)
Rob Webber (Bath Rugby)
Locks
Dave Attwood (Bath Rugby)
George Kruis (Saracens)
Joe Launchbury (Wasps)
Courtney Lawes (Northampton Saints)
Back rows
Calum Clark (Northampton Saints)
James Haskell (Wasps)
Ben Morgan (Gloucester Rugby)
Chris Robshaw (Harlequins, captain)
Billy Vunipola (Saracens)
Tom Wood (Northampton Saints)
Scrum halves
Danny Care (Harlequins)
Lee Dickson (Northampton Saints)
Ben Youngs (Leicester Tigers)
Fly halves
Owen Farrell (Saracens)
George Ford (Bath Rugby)
Stephen Myler (Northampton Saints)
Centres
Brad Barritt (Saracens)
Luther Burrell (Northampton Saints)
Kyle Eastmond (Bath Rugby)
Jonathan Joseph (Bath Rugby)
Billy Twelvetrees (Gloucester Rugby)
Back threes
Mike Brown (Harlequins)
Alex Goode (Saracens)
Jonny May (Gloucester Rugby)
Jack Nowell (Exeter Chiefs)
Semesa Rokoduguni (Bath Rugby)
Marland Yarde (Harlequins)
The following players will not be available for the 2014 QBE Internationals: Alex Corbisiero (shoulder), Dan Cole (neck), Tom Croft (knee), Tom Johnson (neck), Geoff Parling (concussion), Chris Pennell (groin), Ed Slater (knee), Mako Vunipola (knee), Tom Youngs (shoulder).
A squad update will be issued at 8pm on Sunday, October 26 following the European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup second round.
The Austrian manufacturer has the only remaining ‘screamer' engine configuration on the grid, following Honda's 2017 switch to the ‘big bang' firing order.
Riders Bradley Smith and Pol Espargaro have noticed how aggressive the RC16 is, with much of that coming from the V4 engine,o n their switch from Tech 3-run Yamahas.
A revised engine was sampled during the final pre-season test in Qatar but has not been raced, and an engine that Smith says is based on a “new idea” will be evaluated by the pair on Tuesday, amid KTM's three-day test with Mika Kallio.
“We've got a one-day test at Le Mans, which will be trying different engine configuration there,” Smith said. “That's obviously in the pipeline, then whatever else the test team has been trying.
“I know they're going hard with different ideas, with Mika. They're making some good progress.
“Mika will do, I think, all three days at Le Mans, so anything they find there as well they'll probably ship down to Jerez and we'll either try it during the weekend or on the Monday test."
New fairing gets rave reviews
KTM also tried a new aerodynamic fairing at the last round in Austin, which Smith and Pol Espargaro both tried over the course of the weekend.
The Briton says KTM's update is different and more effective than the winglets he had on his Tech 3 Yamaha last year.
“The biggest problem with our bike is it seems to wheelie quite a lot,” Smith said. “It's just keeping the front wheel on the ground, like the wings did before.
“I feel a bigger difference before than I ever did with the wings on last year's bike.
“This fairing's a completely different concept, and it seems to help our bike quite a lot - by at least half-a-second [at Austin], which is much more than I ever got last year."
Additional reporting by Charles Bradley
Michael Ansara, the actor who played the "Star Trek" Klingon commander Kang in the franchise's TV show, died on Wednesday, July 31. He was 91.
The actor died in his home in Calabasas, Calif., after a longterm illness, according to The Hollywood Reporter. His former publicist confirmed the news on August 2.
Born in Syria, Ansara came to the U.S. with his parents when he was two years old. He is known as one of the only seven "Star Trek" actors to play the same character on three different versions of the beloved series. His last appearance as Kang was in 1996.
His major film roles include parts in the 1953 version of "Julius Caesar," 1961's "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" in 1965. He also made many TV appearances on shows like "Broken Arrow," "I Dream of Jeannie," "Alfred Hitchcock Presents," and "The Outer Limits." His accomplishments earned him a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Ansara was married to "I Dream of Jeannie" actress Barbara Eden from 1958 to 1974, and they had a son, Matthew Michael Ansara, who died of an accidental heroin overdose at age 35.
He is survived by his wife of 36 years, Beverly, his sister Rose, his niece Michelle and nephew, Michael John.
LOS ANGELES – Holger Geschwindner had seen enough.
Geschwindner hopped on the first flight from Germany to Dallas he could book after watching his prized pupil struggle through one of the worst shooting nights of his career, continuing a funk with a 2-of-12 outing in a March 23 loss to the Brooklyn Nets.
Dirk Nowitzki's numbers have been on the uptick since mentor Holger Geschwindner came to visit. Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE via Getty Images
Check out Dirk Nowitzki's numbers since Geschwindner arrived in time for a shooting session before the Mavericks' next game: 26.3 points per game, 56.4 field goal percentage, 45.2 3-point percentage.
Scoff about the cause-and-effect implication if you want, but Nowitzki busted out of a mini-slump and got hot during his longtime mentor/shot doctor's midseason visit, too.
“That's why I like having him around,” coach Rick Carlisle cracked about Geschwindner, the flannel-shirt and leather-jacket-wearing guru who played such a major role in developing Nowitzki from a raw, skinny 16-year-old into a 16-year NBA veteran who ranks 11th on the all-time scoring list.
Nowitzki doesn't hesitate to say how much Geschwindner's visits -- which typically occur three times per season -- help him.
“He definitely helps my shot,” Nowitzki said after scoring 27 points on 11-of-14 shooting in Friday's win over the Los Angeles Lakers while Geschwindner watched in the Staples Center stands. “I was in a little funk. He usually comes later, but I wasn't shooting the ball well on the homestand. I had some bad outings, so it's always good to see him.
“He's helped me throughout my whole career. I wouldn't be the player I am now without him. He still helps me. Little mistakes creep in that I don't even notice. Even when he's not there, I work on my shot almost every day, but it's just stuff that I don't see.”
That leads to what seems like an obvious question: Why doesn't Geschwindner make the trip from Germany to Dallas more often?
“Oh, man, I want a life,” joked Nowitzki, who has his mentor stay at his house when Geschwindner visits and goes to the gym with him virtually every night for shooting sessions. “I also want a life.
“No, he can come whenever he wants, but over my 15, 16 years, it's been always three or four times [per season]. We kept the same rhythm throughout my career. He usually comes at the beginning of the season, comes around the All-Star and then before the playoffs. He usually stays a couple of weeks. In '11, he stayed the whole playoff run.”
Perhaps the Mavs should hide Holger's passport, at least as long as the Mavs are alive in the playoffs.
Image: Mad Mike/Facebook
"Mad Mike” Hughes doesn't believe in science, but that hasn't stopped him from building a rocket from scrap metal in his spare time. On Saturday, Hughes will launch himself on his homemade rocket in an attempt to up his cred as a daredevil. But as you can see from the logo on the rocket, it is also a major publicity stunt for a group called Research Flat Earth, which funded almost half the cost of the rocket. Hughes expects to reach an altitude of 1,800 feet while traveling over a mile on land.
This isn't the first time Hughes, who describes himself as a “walking reality show,” has flown in a homemade rocket. In January of 2014, he successfully launched himself in his first rocket, although he had to be dragged from the fuselage upon landing after the G-forces took a toll on him during flight.
This launch, Hughes hopes to break his previous distance record of 1,374 feet. Hughes will be flying over the California ghost town of Amboy and expects to reach speeds of 500 miles per hour in the air. His rocket is fueled by steam and will be carrying about 70 gallons of hot water as fuel.
According to NBC, the rocket cost Hughes about $20,000, nearly $8,000 of which was crowded-funded by the Research Flat Earth group. It is uncertain what the Flat Earthers hope to learn about the shape of our planet from an altitude of under 2,000 feet. Even planes flying at altitudes between 30,000 and 40,000 feet are unable to see the curvature of the Earth, so it is unlikely that Hughes will notice anything odd from his rocketship.
Copenhagen Suborbitals is another group of amateur rocketeers working on crewed rockets, but their flight vehicle has been in development for over a decade and will eventually carry its passenger to low earth orbit. This group of rocketeers does believe in science and have so far been incredibly successful with their rocket program.
Read More: Inside BALLS, The Most Exclusive High Powered Rocketry Event in the World
Hughes plans to launch himself in the early afternoon on Saturday. Although visitors to the event are discouraged for safety reasons, you can watch the spectacle on a livestream.
"If you're not scared to death, you're an idiot," Hughes told NBC. "It's scary as hell, but none of us are getting out of this world alive. I like to do extraordinary things that no one else can do, and no one in the history of mankind has designed, built and launched himself in his own rocket.”
Sen. Ben Cardin Benjamin (Ben) Louis CardinThe Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump looks for boost from Korea summit The Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Anticipation builds for Mueller report MORE (D-Md.) says outcry over leaks from government agencies is distracting from the importance of dealing with Russia's interference in last year's U.S. election.
“We don't want leaks, but let's not be distracted from the issue here. The issue here was Russia attacked the United States. They attacked our free, democratic election system,” Cardin told CNN's “New Day” on Friday.
“They have an agenda,” he added. "We need to understand that and protect ourselves and take action against Russia.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Government leaks to journalists have driven much of the media's coverage of the Trump administration in its first month, including the revelation that former national security adviser Michael Flynn talked sanctions with the Russian ambassador ahead of President Trump's inauguration.
But Trump and his associates have sought to focus public attention on the leaks themselves, rather than what information is actually contained in them.
The president slammed the FBI in a pair of Friday morning tweets, criticizing the agency for being “totally unable” to contain leaks.
Congressional Democrats, joined by some Republicans, have called for special committees to investigate Russia's election meddling, as well as Trump's ties to Moscow.
Cardin has co-sponsored legislation requiring Trump to consult Congress before lifting sanctions on Russia.
NCP president Sharad Pawar on Tuesday asked his party workers to be prepared for snap polls in Maharashtra considering the political situation after the recent state assembly elections.
"We have to be ready to face snap polls in Maharashtra," he said addressing a two-day party meeting which began on Tuesday at Alibaug in Maharashtra's Raigad district.
"Having a stable government in Maharashtra isn't NCP's responsibility," said Pawar, whose party offered unconditional outside support to BJP the day election results were declared.
Pawar also alleged that some elements in BJP were behind the rise of Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) party which won two seats in the recent state Assembly polls.
BJP has 121, Shiv Sena 63, Congress 42 and NCP 41 MLAs in the 288-member assembly.
State chief minister Devendra Fadnavis had won a controversial confidence vote last week after NCP declared outside support to his minority government.
As the confidence motion was passed by a voice vote, there was an uproar by Sena and Congress, with the two parties petitioning governor C Vidyasagar Rao to direct the government to seek a fresh vote in which its strength be determined through division of votes.
NCP Legislature Party leader and former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, too, disapproved of the manner in which the motion was passed by voice vote.
Sharad Pawar had earlier said he cannot guarantee the survival of the BJP government for its full five-year term.
First Published: Nov 18, 2014 12:10 IST
The Saskatchewan Roughriders made a couple of surprising moves Thursday afternoon, releasing defensive back John Chick and receiver Weston Dressler.
“Decisions like these are never easy but we felt it was necessary in order for us to move forward and better position ourselves as a football team,” stated Roughriders vice president of football operations, general manager and head coach, Chris Jones. “We spoke with each player and their respective agents at length in an attempt to negotiate more cap friendly contracts but unfortunately could not reach satisfactory agreements.”
Chick, 33, spent six seasons in Saskatchewan, winning the CFL's Most Outstanding Defensive Player award in 2009 before trying to make it to the NFL. The American returned to the Roughriders in 2013 and won his second Grey Cup with the team that season (first came in 2007).
Dressler, 30, won the CFL's Most Outstanding Rookie award in 2008 and was a part of the 2013 Grey Cup team. The American sits third on the team's all-time receiving list with 7,797 and fifth in touchdowns with 50.
“We want to thank John and Weston for all that they have done for the Roughriders and the province of Saskatchewan,” added Jones. “We wish them both the best of luck.”
In other Rider news, the team has signed defensive end Shawn Lemon to a two-year contract that can be worth $190,000 per season if all incentives are hit.
twitter embed
Lemon, 27, played nine games with the Ottawa Redblacks in 2015, recording five sacks and three forced fumbles. The American has also played with the Edmonton Eskimos, Calgary Stampeders as well as NFL practice squad stints with the Pittsburgh Steelers and San Francisco 49ers.
Catholic Hospital Argues That Fetuses Are Not People
The Catholic Church is ardently pro-life, this is simply due to the fact that they believe life begins at conception and personhood is established as soon as the egg is fertilised. You will never see labels such as “embryo”, “blastocyst” or “fetus” in their pro-life literature. Instead you will find terms such as “unborn child” and “unborn baby”; in essence, the only distinction that is made between a blastocyst and an actual baby is the fact that one hasn't been born yet; the unborn child should enjoy the same rights as the baby which has been born, regardless of what stage the pregnancy is at. However, this stance was quickly dropped when there was a risk of a lawsuit, as reported by the Colorado Independent.
Lori Stodghill was 31-years old, seven-months pregnant with twin boys and feeling sick when she arrived at St. Thomas More hospital in Cañon City on New Year's Day 2006. She was vomiting and short of breath and she passed out as she was being wheeled into an examination room. Medical staff tried to resuscitate her but, as became clear only later, a main artery feeding her lungs was clogged and the clog led to a massive heart attack. Stodghill's obstetrician, Dr. Pelham Staples, who also happened to be the obstetrician on call for emergencies that night, never answered a page. His patient died at the hospital less than an hour after she arrived and her twins died in her womb.
Her husband decided to file a lawsuit for wrongful death as Dr. Staples should have either made it to the hospital or relayed instructions to carry out a caesarian to save the twins. The defendant is Catholic Health Initiatives, an organisation which oversees 170 facilities across the US. The Catholic Health attorneys have decided to completely ignore Church doctrine and argue that the twins were merely fetuses so they are not covered in the Wrongful Death Act.
Jason Langley, an attorney with Denver-based Kennedy Childs, argued in one of the briefs he filed for the defense, the court “should not overturn the long-standing rule in Colorado that the term ‘person,' as is used in the Wrongful Death Act, encompasses only individuals born alive. Colorado state courts define ‘person' under the Act to include only those born alive. Therefore Plaintiffs cannot maintain wrongful death claims based on two unborn fetuses.”
The Church had an opportunity to stand by their convictions and be principled. Instead they decided to abandon a core belief simply because it was inconvenient and may cost them some money.
After using the previous Gillard Government's multicultural statement for nearly four years, the Coalition has come up with one of its own.
It's a message to the seven and a half million people who've migrated to Australia since 1945, and recognition that nearly half of Australians are born overseas, or has a parent who was.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says underpinning the document is mutual respect, learning English and national security as the keys to continued success.
"No-one can look in the mirror and say, 'Australians only look like this'. Australians look like every face, every race, every background because we define ourselves and our nation by our commitment to shared political values, democracy, freedom and the rule of law."
Assistant Minister for Multicultural Affairs Zed Seselja says the statement is overwhelmingly positive about Australia's cultural diversity.
The statement highlights thought, speech and religion among a list of freedoms which define this country's national identity.
And unlike Labor's 2011 statement, delivered by then-Prime Minister Julia Gillard, this one also recognises the impact of terrorism, and the importance of integration.
"It means people becoming part of a community and isn't that what we want? It's the opposite of segregation. I don't want to live in an Australia that is in any way segregated and in a large part we're not. We should celebrate the fact that when we compare ourselves to many nations around the world we've got a great success story, we've got a good story to tell and the way we continue with that success story is to focus on those common values."
Prime Minister Turnbull says it's impossible to imagine Australia in 2017 without acknowledging all those who've contributed to its success.
He added this country's achievement as a harmonious nation is not an accident, nor should it be taken for granted.
"The glue that holds us together is mutual respect, a deep recognition that each of us is entitled to the same respect, the same dignity, the same opportunities. The mutuality of that respect is of critical importance."
Greens leader Richard Di Natale, the son of Italian migrants, says Australia is a better nation when citizens learn from each other rather than integrate.
He says the Turnbull government's statement on multiculturalism sends a message to select groups of people that they're not welcome.
"The new multiculturalism statement is an attack on multiculturalism and a 'dog whistle' to people on the fringes of society who don't want to see us change and embrace inclusion and diversity. Australia is an inherently multicultural nation. There were hundreds of languages spoken by First Nations long before the Europeans came."
The statement comes on the eve of Harmony Day - a celebration of cultural diversity and cultural respect.
It's a day the Coalition partyroom will use to discuss a change to the contentious section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act.
Senator Zed Seselja denies that is at odds with the goverment's message of unity and praise of multiculturalism.
"The debate about 18C is about exactly where you draw the legal line on what constitutes outlawed speech, and that's a very legitimate debate for us to have as a community so we can absoultely condem discrimination and racism but it's always a legitimate debate to say is 'offend' where we draw the line, or should it be somewhere else?"
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten sought clarity on the issue in Question Time.
"Will the Prime Minister rule out making changes to section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act and, if not, what exactly does the government want people to be able to say that they're not allowed to say now?"
Mike Riley to Nebraska. Oregon State scrambling. And while my second call was to Riley himself, then administrators, my first call after hearing the surprising news was to Brenda Tracy.
I wrote about Tracy last month. 16 years ago she was the victim of an alleged brutal gang rape by four college football players, two of them who played at Oregon State. Her courage, in chronicling the events of June 1998 and the eventual journey that led her to become a successful nurse and whole person is an inspiring one.
I dialed Tracy.
"Do you think he'll still have me talk to the team?" she asked on Thursday.
Riley offered last month the opportunity for Tracy to continue her healing by becoming part of the program's sex-assault education and awareness effort. She's a strong speaker, and an inspiring story, but also, powerful evidence of what an alleged sex assault can do to a person.
She wrote me an email later in the day. Tracy wrote: "I don't know all of the factors that went in to him making this decision, but I can't help but feel that I had something to do with it. I have been very honest about the anger I felt towards Riley and his handling of my attackers, but that anger was never coupled with feelings of retribution or vengeance. My son's tell me that Nebraska is a great move for him and that it's a great program. I hope this is true. When you speak to him please let him know that I wish the best for him and his family. My intention today is the same as it was in the beginning - Healing for myself, healing for others and repair of a system that is broken."
While Oregon State fans may have lost a coach on Thursday, and while recruits may feel in limbo, I don't think anyone quite understands what Tracy lost. She worries she's lost a chance to make a difference.
Riley suspended the players for one game in 1998. A decision, last month, he said he regretted. Oregon State President Edward J. Ray apologized to Tracy for its handling of her report in 1998, and OSU has opened an internal investigation into it. Those findings will be important to Tracy. Further, state Sen. Peter Courtney read about Tracy's plight and is looking into legislation that would lengthen our state's flimsy six-year statute of limitations laws on sex assault.
But it was that cathartic talk that Tracy hoped to have with future Oregon State football players that she wondered about yesterday. Would OSU's new coach honor that promise and commitment? Will Riley invite her now to come to Nebraska and address his new team? Or will she become part of the wreckage left behind again?
Today, Riley was introduced as the Nebraska coach.
Riley's words last month:
"It's so sad to me that it still haunts her. It's scary what that means to a lady," Riley said. "Maybe retribution would have helped that. I don't know. I just reminded our team here recently about those things that will change their lives and others in a blink of an eye."
Oregon State must decide what it will allow Tracy to do. Will the Huskers coach Riley honor his promise?
--- @JohnCanzanoBFT
New Design
Social Media
The Future
Misisol Doremi lasi Solresol and Happy Solresol Day! Today is a special day, not only because it is the 230th birthday of the great Jean-François Sudre , but also because it's the 6th birthday of Sidosi ! To celebrate the occasion, I have a big update for today! Read on to learn more!After 6 years, Sidosi finally has a new design! It's still a work in progress, since many individual pages need to be updated to take full advantage of the new design, but everything should still be usable. The design is based on the colors that represent the word "sidosi", red and violet, with violet being the primary color. This new design brings with it full mobile compatibility, so the non-forum pages should now be more easily readable and useable on mobile devices. In addition, as you might notice, the website and forums now share the same design, so navigating around Sidosi should be less jarring now. The wiki will take more work to adapt the new design, but it's in the plans. Expect a lot of work in the near future to refine the design, and please report any issues in the Website Support forum Sidosi now has a Facebook and Twitter page! Both pages will of course be used to share news about Sidosi, but they will also be used to reach out to their larger respective communities and share general Solresol/conlang news and resources. Expect Facebook to be used mostly for larger, more significant announcements, and Twitter to be used mostly for shorter announcements and other bits of information. Sidosi can be found on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/SidosiSolresol and on Twitter at https://twitter.com/SidosiSolresol , or you can click the (more visible) links below!I'm getting a bit sentimental here, but I'm very happy with how far Sidosi has come in its existence, despite the challenges that came with it. Sidosi started as a simple page of resources I made after I rediscovered Solresol and then posted for all to use. Now, it's crazy to think that Sidosi has a forum system, a wiki, a much larger resource list, and a Solresol translator! On top of Sidosi's features, the current ISO language code application effort is just amazing, especially since it will be a major advancement for the development and promotion of Solresol. Let's work together and see where we are in another 6 years!
NEWARK, N.J. -- As the Devils made preparations for their game against the Detroit Red Wings at Prudential Center on Friday, former teammate Martin Brodeur was taking the initial steps in a possible return to the NHL in his tryout with the St. Louis Blues.
Receiving an opportunity to join a Stanley Cup-contending team and having a shot at obtaining 700 career regular-season wins is something the 42-year-old goalie has been waiting for since becoming an unrestricted free agent on July 1.
Devils coach Peter DeBoer said he was glad Brodeur may be given a chance to return to the game, particularly in the Western Conference.
"I'm real excited for him," DeBoer said. "What a great opportunity. I think if you're hand picking a spot that would be right at the top of the list, it would have to be St. Louis. I'm glad it's in the other conference, but I'm happy for him."
Brodeur, the NHL's all-time leader in regular-season wins (688-394-105-71), shutouts (124) and games played (1,259), had been working out on his own while waiting for the right opportunity to join another team.
The Devils opted not to re-sign Brodeur after giving Cory Schneider a seven-year contract extension worth a reported $42 million in July.
"He has the desire to play, which is great, and has the ability, so it's good he's getting this opportunity and he must be excited," Schneider said. "I'm sure it's been a long few months for him, but it sounds like he was patient and wanted to take his time and pick his place that would work for him. Hopefully this is his place. I've always said that guys like Marty don't come along very often, so however long you can watch him play and have him a part of the League is great."
Blues starting goaltender Brian Elliott sustained a lower-body injury against the Ottawa Senators on Tuesday and is considered week-to-week, leaving coach Ken Hitchcock with just one goalie with NHL experience in rookie Jake Allen. The team did recall Jordan Binnington from the Chicago Wolves in the American Hockey League under emergency conditions but the 21-year-old has no NHL experience.
Enter Brodeur, who was advised Wednesday by his agent Pat Brisson that the Blues had expressed interest in bringing him aboard on a tryout basis beginning Friday. The Blues are scheduled to play the Edmonton Oilers at home on Friday before traveling to play the Minnesota Wild on Saturday.
Brodeur told Northjersey.com that he wasn't sure if he would be traveling to Minnesota with the team. He said a decision on whether he will be signed will likely occur Tuesday before the team plays the second game of a four-game road trip against the Chicago Blackhawks on Wednesday.
The Devils and the Blues are not scheduled to play again this season unless they face off in the Stanley Cup Final.
"I don't know if [no more games against the Devils] was part of it for Marty, but they are a very good team," Schneider said with a grin. "I think he'll fit in very well there and hopefully it'll add something for them."
Brodeur and Blues coach Ken Hitchcock worked together with Canada at three Winter Olympics (2002, 2006, 2010) and for the 2004 World Cup of Hockey.
Devils defenseman Andy Greene was glad to see Brodeur given another opportunity.
"I'm excited for him," Greene said. "He said he was going to be patient and wait to see what happens, and it's good to see him getting the chance there. He deserves it and I wish him all the best."
Greene was quick to credit Schneider for carrying the load for much of this season in New Jersey. Schneider is expected to make his 22nd start against the Red Wings on Friday.
"We're very happy with the way Cory has played for us," Greene said. "He's played exceptionally well and given us a chance to win every night. Some nights we haven't been there for him and some nights he's kept us in the game."
Devils forward Adam Henrique said Brodeur always had the desire to keep playing and close out his career on a positive note.
"To get practicing with a team and try to get back into the swing of things is great for him," Henrique said. "Who knows what will happen moving forward. Obviously [St. Louis] has an injury to one of their key goalies. It'll be good to see him back on the ice.
"The kid in him still wants to play and have fun, so hopefully it'll work out for him, and if not there hopefully somewhere else."
Follow Mike Morreale on Twitter at: @mikemorrealeNHL
Author: Mike G. Morreale | NHL.com Staff Writer
People are interested, of course, not just in jobs but in good jobs, which is very reasonable, and that I think drives a lot of the anxiety about trade and technological change. So it's worth taking a look at Brookings' compilation of Census data about median wages in 2009 (we're still waiting for the 2010 data to be fully processed) that will let us see where the median workers or the low-wage workers are finding the highest wages. I'm going to present the lists without comment, but I will note this: Many of these metropolitan areas are places where the “cost of living” is unusually high. That means the real living standards of a low-wage or median-wage worker in the Boston area may not be as high as a naive look at the numbers would suggest. At the same time, it's not as if firms in high cost of living places are running charities where they say “hey, San Jose is expensive so lets be nice and raise wages.” The people doing these jobs are generating enough economic value to their employers to justify high wages; if other aspects of policy are then clawing back their disposable income, that's a problem but it doesn't mean the wages are an illusion:
Alternatively, we can look at wages in the 10th percentile:
The Countable editorial team reviewed this Bill and provided some information on this page.
What is House Bill H.R. 2745? This bill would prohibit undocumented persons not authorized to work in the U.S. from receiving Social Security benefits. Current law forbids a person from receiving Social Security payments if they are here illegally, but their complete work history--including work done while in the U.S. illegally--can count toward Social Security benefits if the person later becomes a legal U.S. resident. This bill would disallow work hours done while in the U.S. illegally from counting toward such benefits.
Impact The bill impacts undocumented American workers' access to Social Security benefits.
Cost of House Bill H.R. 2745
AKA No Social Security for Illegal Immigrants Act of 2013 Official Title To amend title II of the Social Security Act to exclude from creditable wages and self-employment income wages earned for services by aliens illegally performed in the United States and self-employment income derived from a trade or business illegally conducted in the United States.
United Launch Alliance's Atlas 5 rocket is powered by the RD-180 engine, which is built by NPO Energomash in the Moscow region and sold to ULA by RD-Amross, a joint venture between the Russian manufacturer and United Technologies Corp.
WASHINGTON — Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, who oversees the country's space sector, said he would ban exports of Russian-made rocket engines used to launch U.S. military satellites.
Rogozin also said via Twitter that Russia does not intend to continue cooperating with the United States on the International Space Station program beyond 2020. The White House has proposed extending station operations to 2024 and has been working to bring the program's international partners onboard.
The rocket engine in question is the RD-180, which is used to power the first stage of United Launch Alliance's Atlas 5 rocket, one of the U.S. military's two main satellite launchers. The engine is built by NPO Energomash of Russia and sold to ULA by RD-Amross, a joint venture between Energomash and United Technologies Corp. [50 Great Russian Rocket Launch Photos]
"Russia is ready to continue deliveries of RD-180 engines to the US only under the guarantee that they won't be used in the interests of the Pentagon," Rogozin said via Twitter today (May 13).
Rogozin is one of 11 senior Russian officials sanctioned by the U.S. government following Russia's incursions into Ukraine.
A U.S. federal judge recently barred U.S. purchases of the RD-180 because of concerns that they might violate the sanctions. The ban was lifted after U.S. government officials said no decision had been made to designate NPO Energomash as a Rogozin-controlled enterprise.
The judge's temporary ban was issued in a case brought by rocket maker Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (SpaceX) challenging U.S. Air Force plans to buy a large batch of rockets from ULA on a sole source basis.
In a statement emailed to Space News, ULA spokeswoman Jessica Rye said neither ULA nor NPO Energomash are aware of any specific restrictions on the use or RD-180 engines. "However, if recent news reports are accurate, it affirms that SpaceX's irresponsible actions have created unnecessary distractions, threatened U.S. military satellite operations, and undermined our future relationship with the International Space Station."
Rye expressed hope that the United States and Russia will work together to quickly resolve the matter. She also said the Air Force and ULA have contingency plans to deal with an interruption in deliveries of the RD-180.
"ULA and our Department of Defense customers have always prepared contingency plans in the event of a supply disruption. ULA has two launch vehicles that can support all customers' needs. We also maintain a two-year inventory of engines to enable a smooth transition to our other rocket, Delta, which has all U.S.-produced rocket engines."
Rogozin also tweeted that he will suspend operations of U.S. GPS satellite ground stations that are based in Russia.
"Suspending GPS stations operation in the territory of the Russian Federation from June 1st won't affect the signal quality that Russian users are getting," Rogozin said. "Roscosmos (RUS Fed Space Agency) stands ready for talks with the US on equal-footed cooperation and on deploying GLONASS stations in its territory."
Glonass is Russia's satellite-based positioning, navigation and timing system.
According to the U.S. government's main GPS information website, GPS.gov, there are 12 command-and-control antennas and 16 monitoring sites for the GPS system throughout the world, including facilities in the United Kingdom and South Korea. The website makes no mention of GPS ground stations in Russia.
However, there are GPS signal-reception stations in Russia that are used for scientific and engineering purposes. These sites are not part of the GPS operational infrastructure.
Late last year, a proposal to place Glonass ground stations in the United States triggered a backlash among congressional Republicans, who proposed a legislative ban on any foreign satellite navigation facilities on U.S. soil. Members of the House Armed Services also asked Defense Department leaders for a report on the threat Russian ground stations posed to the U.S. military in an authorization bill passed May 8.
Glonass was initially deployed in the 1980s but suffered from neglect following the end of the Cold War. Russian authorities have made replenishing and upgrading Glonass a priority in recent years.
Russian officials have said they hope to expand the Glonass ground network into 30 countries, including the United States and Brazil as well as Spain, Indonesia and Australia. The ground stations verify the accuracy and monitor the integrity of satellite navigation signals.
This story was provided by Space News, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Follow Mike Gruss on Twitter: @Gruss_SN.
Enjoy the benefits of 2 Books worth $2.99 each for just $3.99! LIMITED PERIOD OFFER
BOOK 1: Buddhism for Beginners: A Practical Guide to Mindfulness & Awakening for a Fulfilling Life
Practicing Buddhism in Everyday Life
What is the origin of Buddhism?
Is Buddhism a religion or philosophy?
Who was Gautama Buddha?
The Four Noble Truths of Buddhism
what is the Eight-Fold Path?
What are the Five Precepts?
How to make Buddhism a way of life?
And much, much more!
Includes BONUS CHAPTER on Clearing the Common Misunderstandings of Buddhism!
BOOK 2: Zen: Find Inner Peace and Happiness through Zen Meditation
Why Practice Zen Meditation in Everyday Life?
What is Zen Meditation?
What are the teachings of Zen?
How does practicing Zen bring inner peace?
What is the right posture for Zen meditation?
How does Zen heal the body?
How does Zen heal the mind?
Whys are reciting Mantras important?
And much, much more!
Includes BONUS CHAPTERS on Tips to Recite a Mantra and Focusing your Attentions during Zen Meditation!
Download your copy today by scrolling to the top and clicking the BUY NOW button!
Interested to follow a philosophy that will lead you to self-actualization? Do not believe in worshipping an idol or deity? Do you want to lead a fulfilling life by following the path of mindfulness?Buddhism, although an ancient religion, can be practiced every day easily. Buddhism doesn't prescribe difficult rituals or impossible customs; it is a practical religion that is more modern and progressive than many other religions. Buddhism doesn't throw strict rules at us and expect us to follow them or else. Buddhism doesn't tell you that the answers are elsewhere. It says that the answer to all the questions lie within yourself. It is better to rely on yourself, your knowledge, your intellect and your wisdom to search the Eternal Truth rather than depending on a teacher to take you on the path. Buddhism is a way of life; and to become a Buddhist you don't have to convert to it. Anyone who wishes to live a simple, compassionate and peaceful life as prescribed by the Buddha, and live according to the Four Noble Truths, can simply call themselves a Buddhist.Interested to follow a philosophy that will lead you to self-actualization? Looking for a way to regain your mental & emotional balance in this fast paced world? Do you want to transform all your negative thoughts to positive thoughts?The modern life moves at a hectic pace and with many daily demands. If not checked, fast paced living is the source of stressed and over-worked individuals. If only we could stop among all these and create some quiet time for Zen meditation! Zen meditation makes the mind calmer, more focused and highly rejuvenated. It takes only ten to fifteen minutes to perform Zen meditation each day. When done daily, you will also be able to overcome mental disturbances and come out from unhappiness to a joyous state. The main purpose of Zen meditation is to help overcome negative thinking and cultivate a positive attitude with constructive reasoning. This is deeply rooted in the Buddhist traditions and will ensure mental stability, better living and inward tranquility.Tags: Zen Meditation, Inner Peace, Happiness, Zen Mantras, Buddhism, Buddhism for Beginners, Mindfulness, Meditation for
Mayor John Tory's proposal to pay for the city's share of his SmartTrack transit plan has received the qualified backing of a new report. Tory is proposing the city use a relatively unknown revenue tool, called Tax Increment Financing, or TIF, to cover its one-third share of the yet-to-be settled surface railway plan.
John Tory is proposing the city use a relatively unknown revenue tool, called Tax Increment Financing, or TIF, to cover its one-third share of the yet-to-be settled surface railway plan. ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star )
The TIF model is based on the assumption that new infrastructure, such as a transit line, will boost building along the route, spurring new development and driving up the value of existing properties. The city borrows the money up front, and pays it back with funds generated by the extra property tax revenue over a period of 30 years. During the 2014 mayoral election campaign, Tory's main challengers, Doug Ford and Olivia Chow, criticized the scheme and skeptics continue to question a plan that relies on so much uncertainty.
Article Continued Below
But a new report concludes the proposal to use TIF to fund SmartTrack has merit – as long certain conditions are met. “Depending on SmartTrack's impact on property values and the design of the TIF program, TIF can potentially finance a large share of the city's investment cost,” writes the report's author, Adam Found, a policy fellow with C.D. Howe Institute. The report, called Tapping the Land: Tax Increment Financing of Infrastructure, notes Ontario is one of the few jurisdictions in North America that has yet to implement TIF, despite having TIF legislation for almost a decade. Other cash-strapped municipalities, loath to raise property taxes to pay for infrastructure, will be watching with great interest, Found writes. “The successful application of TIF to SmartTrack could pave the way for more extensive consideration and use of TIF throughout Ontario, and perhaps the rest of Canada.”
However, it is the provincial government “that ultimately will determine if and when the regulations required to activate the TIF Act are enacted, and whether and to what extent TIF will be used to finance SmartTrack.” Enid Slack, who heads the Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance at the University of Toronto, said Monday she agrees TIF has potential but comes with a risk, since its success depends “on land values increasing.”
Article Continued Below
Councillor Paula Fletcher (Ward 30, Toronto-Danforth) remains unconvinced. “I'm skeptical because it's never been used in Ontario before. Introducing TIF at the same moment as SmartTrack and RER (Regional Express Railway), which is very cloudy to start with, simply may cloud the waters even more.” She has, however, seen first-hand TIF work: In Chicago where it was used to help pay for a massive overhaul of social housing areas. In that case, future redevelopment was almost guaranteed. Fletcher doesn't see the same opportunity along the proposed SmartTrack line, except for the old Unilever site at the elbow of the Don Valley Parkway and Gardiner Expressway.
Read more about:
“In choosing Mill as their target, Carlyle and his allies chose well. Like most classical economists, Mill treated such characteristics as race as analytically irrelevant.” E veryone knows that economics is the dismal science. And almost everyone knows that it was given this description by Thomas Carlyle, who was inspired to coin the phrase by T. R. Malthus's gloomy prediction that population would always grow faster than food, dooming mankind to unending poverty and hardship. Thomas Carlyle (1795-1881). Essayist, historian and greatest speaker for
hierarchy of his era. A master stylist, he is quoted several thousand times
in the Oxford English Dictionary. Thomas Robert Malthus (1766-1834). Economist who examined the relations of
population and welfare. Authored An Essay on the Principle of Population. John Stuart Mill (1806-1873). British philosopher, essayist and economist,
best known for his utilitarian defence of limited government. Authored Principles of Political Economy. John Ruskin (1819-1900). British art critic, painter and essayist, who
examined the religious, moral, economic and political significance of art.
He argued that art reached its zenith in the Middle Ages, when it reflected
spiritual concerns. While this story is well-known, it is also wrong, so wrong that it is hard to imagine a story that is farther from the truth. At the most trivial level, Carlyle's target was not Malthus, but economists such as John Stuart Mill, who argued that it was institutions, not race, that explained why some nations were rich and others poor. Carlyle attacked Mill, not for supporting Malthus's predictions about the dire consequences of population growth, but for supporting the emancipation of slaves. It was this fact—that economics assumed that people were basically all the same, and thus all entitled to liberty—that led Carlyle to label economics “the dismal science.” Carlyle was not alone in denouncing economics for making its radical claims about the equality of all men. Others who joined him included Charles Dickens and John Ruskin. The connection was so well known throughout the 19th century, that even cartoonists could refer to it, knowing that their audience would get the reference.
Ruskin Tramples the Dismal Science To see the dismal science/emancipation connection at work, consider the cartoon to the right, which originally appeared on the cover of a collection of extracts from essays by John Ruskin, a well-known cultural critic of capitalism. The collection, called Ruskin on Himself and Things in General, was one of the Smoke-Room Booklet series published by Cope Brothers, a tobacco company, and given away in tobacco shops and bookstores. Figure 1. Ruskin, cover ZOOM The cartoon's most striking feature is the contrast between Ruskin and his enemy. Ruskin's bearded, thin white face and aquiline nose contrasts vividly with the nearly hairless, dark broad face and flat nose of his slain enemy. The dark skinned figure's hands resemble claws, and the arabesque of his formal dress looks like a tail. In his left hand, he clutches a bag that says “Wealth of Nations” and “L. S. D.”— the abbreviation for “pounds, shillings, and pence”. The cartoonist is clearly taking Adam Smith's abstract title literally. Beside the sprawled figure is a book, perhaps the very book he was reading as death overtook him. It is entitled “The Dismal Science.” Armed only with sharp teeth and claws and such insight as might be found in the “Wealth of Nations” or the “Dismal Science” he died alone, with only these useless abstractions and the now, also useless, money as companions. Political Economy, Exeter Hall and Black Emancipation
That Ruskin's enemy would be reading economics is no surprise. Ruskin's own attorney believed that the cartoon was simply giving graphic form to “Mr. Ruskin's well known antipathy to political economy.” But why is the enemy, with his ape-like face, sharp pointed teeth and tail, so obviously a caricature of an African? What do Africans have to do with Adam Smith and “The Dismal Science”? To answer these questions, we need look no further than the essay in which Thomas Carlyle first labeled economics the “dismal science”. The essay, which was the opening salvo in a battle that raged over the next fifty years, was entitled “An Occasional discourse on the Negro Question.” First published in 1849, it contains the following paragraph: Even this short excerpt illustrates the spirit of Carlyle's argument: When economics joins with Exeter Hall, in support of such causes as ending slavery, bad things will happen. The Anti-Slavery Coalition
John Bright (1811-1889). Perhaps the most important 19th century British
politician who never became Prime Minister, he led the fight for free trade
in England. Only Disraeli and Gladstone were more often caricatured in
Punch. Evangelicals. Christians who believe in the literal truth of the Bible. They
asked on the slaves' behalf: “Am I not a man and a brother?” The Exeter Hall that Carlyle mentioned was a real building. Located on the Strand in London, it served as the political center of British evangelicalism. By invoking the marriage of economics and Exeter Hall, Carlyle is reminding us of a vastly important fact about 19th century British politics: Exeter Hall was not the only moral center of the British anti-slave movement. In the fight against slavery, Christian evangelicals such as William Wilberforce and Thomas Macaulay were joined by political economists, such as James Mill, Harriet Martineau, J. S. Mill, Archbishop Richard Whately and John Bright. The two sides agreed that slavery was wrong because Africans are humans, and all humans have the same rights. They however disagreed over exactly what it is that ties us together. The economists drew on their assumption that deep down, we all share the same basic human nature. The evangelicals drew on their assumption that we are literally all brothers and sisters since we share the same first parents, Adam and Eve. Carlyle disagreed with the conclusion that slavery was wrong because he disagreed with the assumption that under the skin, people are all the same. He argued that blacks were subhumans (“two-legged cattle”), who needed the tutelage of whites wielding the “beneficent whip” if they were to contribute to the good of society. William Rathbone Greg (1809-1881). Now forgotten, his essays were extensively quoted by
contemporaries, including Charles Darwin. Eugenics. The doctrine that society can improve itself by controlling who
has children. Its policy implications range from prohibiting incest to
sterilizing the “unfit.” Carlyle is hard to take seriously because he is so outrageous. Yet it is important not to underestimate his influence. By laying out the argument against economics in detail, Carlyle revived the pro-slavery movement in mid-19th century Britain. His argument was taken up by calmer critics, who eschewed his polemical excesses while retaining his basic assumptions. For example, W. R. Greg, who together with Francis Galton, founded the eugenics movement, attacked Mill for arguing that land-reform would help solve the problem of poverty in Ireland: Mill was not the only reformer whom Greg pilloried for ignoring the truth about human nature. Later in the same article, Greg went after John Bright. A Quaker Member of Parliament, Bright was well-known for his very radical free market, anti-imperialist, anti-racist views: Figure 2. Dr. Dulcamara in Dublin ZOOM Given his public prominence, Bright was an easy target for cartoonists as well as essayists. Two of these cartoons, from the pages of the satirical London magazine Punch, are reproduced here. In the first, the enemy, as in the Ruskin cartoon, is racially caricatured. This time, however, the sub-human race is Irish. We see Bright with the broad-brimmed hat of a Quaker hawking “Radical reform” to the Irish semi-humans. In the second, we get a view of the relationship between Mill and Bright. Mill holds a cup of “Logic” while Bright does the heavy hitting. Like Greg, Punch's artist finds little to distinguish Mill and Bright across their religious divide. In choosing Mill as their target, Carlyle and his allies chose well. Like most classical economists, Mill treated such characteristics as race as analytically irrelevant. When doing economics, one would simply ignore race, and look at incentives. Here are Mill's acidic words on the matter, words which might have drawn Greg's ire: Figure 3. Gladiators preparing for the arena. ZOOM This idea, that people are just people, can be traced from Mill back to Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations. In it, Smith put forward the hard rational choice doctrine that there are no natural differences among people. There are no natural masters; there are no natural slaves. All human differences can be explained by incentives, history and luck:
Coming Attractions Over the next several months, we'll explore in more detail the ways in which Smith's heirs fought against the “vanity” of those who claimed that there was “scarce any resemblance” between the English and various other peoples. We'll begin by looking at the technical and moral issues raised by Carlyle and Mill in their debate over race and slavery. We'll see how their positions showed up in the Governor Eyre controversy, which ripped intellectual Britain into two warring camps in 1865. The controversy, which was sparked when British officials withdrew the protection of the rule of law from Jamaicans of color, raised such issues as: Could the use of wire whips as instruments of state terror be excused just because they were wielded by white hands against black skin? Could the execution of prisoners without trial be excused just because those who held the rope were English and those who fell through the gallows trap were Jamaican? We shall also ask how is it that the Biblical literalists of the Jamaica Committee—whose obligation to distant, dark skinned people derived from Revelation that as Adam and Eve were real, people across races are kin—elected as their head, the Unitarian John Stuart Mill, who did not believe that every word in the Bible was true. We'll also ask how it is that those who defended the wire whips and the judicial lynch—Carlyle, Ruskin, Dickens, Charles Kingsley—are celebrated by scholars in achingly correct modern English departments as “progressive thinkers” against those who protested in the name of the rule of law for people of all color. We'll then move on to consider the influence of eugenics, founded by Greg and Francis Galton—inventor of regression and correlation analysis—on economics. Finally, we'll travel across the Atlantic, to look at the debate's influence in the United States, where its echoes reverberate through Harriet Beecher Stowe's classic, Uncle Tom's Cabin. By the time we are done, we hope you'll agree that economists should be proud to practice the dismal science.
Programming Alert: Don't miss "Tucker Carlson Tonight" at a new time, 8:00pm ET, followed at 9:00pm by "The Five."
Tucker Carlson joined "Fox & Friends" this morning to discuss the brewing fight between President Donald Trump and Democrats on the proposed Mexican border wall.
Earlier in the show, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Democrats will support any border security measures, but none that would actually work and work.
"[The wall] will be the end of illegality," said Sessions, cautioning Democrats against threatening a government shutdown to block funding for the barrier.
SESSIONS: GOP gets blamed for government shutdowns. But it will be the Dems that shut this government down to block funding for the wall. pic.twitter.com/37zHv9cBDn — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 24, 2017
Carlson said Democrats are opposed to the border wall because it will work, likely curbing the flow of cheap labor and prospective new Democratic voters.
"It costs too much? Really? From people who don't care what anything costs? That's not a real argument. Their real problem with it is this may stop the flow of cheap labor and new voters," he said.
Watch the segment above and don't miss "Tucker Carlson Tonight" at a new time, 8:00pm ET for a cable exclusive interview with Caitlyn Jenner and much more.
Dem Rep Reportedly Tells 11-Year-Old Trump Is More Dangerous Than A Terrorist
No Regrets: 96 Percent of Trump Voters Stand By Their Decision
Watters: Media's Anti-Trump Bias 'Exposed' After Latest Paris Attack
Watch the full interview with Sessions below:
Rebekah Brooks, former editor of The News of the World
Rebekah Brooks, former editor of The News of the World
Updated at 22:00
SUPERVALU HAS joined the growing number of companies considering their “advertising options” over the News of the World phone hacking allegations.
In a statement to TheJournal.ie, the supermarket company said it was “monitoring the situation”.
Bulmers has pulled its adverts from future editions of the News of the World following the revelations about phone hacking at the newspaper. The company had a number of scheduled ads with the newspaper.
A spokesperson from the cider company's Irish office told TheJournal.ie earlier today that it won't be advertising “pending the outcome of all investigations”, but has decided not to publish any adverts in the News of the World with immediate affect.
Aldi has also announced that it will not be advertising with the newspaper, according to the Guardian.
The company said it is “reviewing its advertising in the Irish edition” and is not planning any future adverts in the newspaper pending the outcomes of the external investigations.
RTE reports that Aer Lingus is “actively considering” whether to place any more ads in the newspaper.
The families of murdered children Milly Dowler, Jessica Chapman and Holly Wells, as well as the families of the 7/7 London bombings victims have been caught up in the widening investigation into alleged phone hacking by the News of the World.
The list of companies which have confirmed they are pulling their advertising from the newspaper now includes: Ford, Vauxhall, NatWest, Halifax, Mitsubishi and Virgin Holidays.
Additional reporting by Susan Ryan
In a rather embarrassing revelation for CNN, their own “expert” crashed the Obamacare Web site yesterday by doing something that every child in America knows you simply do not do on the Internet: Refreshing the Web page while your transaction is processing.
Yet, an examination of the video, first noticed by AMERICAblog reader Jea this morning, reveals that that is exactly what CNN did – their expert refreshed the Affordable Care Act federal exchange site while their application was “processing.”
And what happened as a result? The page crashed. As it does on every single Web site in the world when you're dumb enough to refresh the page while a transaction is in progress.
And now Republicans are crowing about how this CNN video “proves” that Obamacare is a disaster – because CNN managed to produce an error message with a rookie “my first Internet” mistake.
Here's the transcript from the CNN segment, video is below:
CNN reporter: Then came the roadblock. Tell me about what happened, because we're getting another error message here, and it's supposed to be running smoothly – we're just not seeing that.
CNN's Matt: Yeah, so, you know, we've been trying to get into this site since October 1, on and off again. I have to say, it did work a lot more smoothly this morning. I got through, I picked my state, I put in all my information, and I got through the whole process in about 8 minutes. And then it said my status was ‘in progress,' so I went to refresh it and I got the error message.
You got the error message. No sh-t, Sherlock.
If you refresh a Web site while any submission is “processing” you will get an error message. Always, always, always. Have you never purchased anything online before?
And if you refresh a page that has already finished processing, you will also usually get an error message, as the page is attempting to resubmit the same information you already just submitted.
In this case, the page would be resubmitting an application that was already just submitted. So it would have no other choice but to give you an error message as you can't submit the same application twice in a row.
I'm surprised that Matt at CNN didn't know that, or bother mentioning it on the air. Rather, CNN gave the impression that the Obamacare Web site messed up, and in fact, the site appears to have worked fine – it was CNN's own employee, on the air, who messed up.
Considering that this CNN video is now being used all the Internet by conservatives as “proof” that the Obamacare Web site has not yet been fixed, CNN owes its viewers an on-the-air correction. Especially since the video actually shows that the process went “smoothly,” the exactly opposite of what Republicans are now claiming.
Follow @aravosis
(I'm told that in order to actually see my Facebook posts in your feed, you need to “follow” me – so say the experts.)
-- Finding the horses to make his running game effective has never been a problem for
Gus Malzahn
.
In seven years at the collegiate level, Malzahn's offense has produced nine 1,000-yard rushers, a product of both the offense's commitment to the running game and the ability of the athletes under his charge.
What makes Malzahn's running game interesting is its ability to fit any type of runner, an adaptability that bodes well for Auburn's trio of current running backs and the two still on the way.
"The running back position was a position we were a little concerned about depth wise coming in, but
Cameron Artis-Payne
and
Corey Grant
both had very solid springs," Malzahn said as the Tigers wrapped up spring. "Of course, we know what we have with Tre."
Tre Mason
, who was limited for parts of the spring due to an ankle injury, brings a little bit of everything to the table. A 1,000-yard back as a sophomore, Mason has good vision, the burst to get through the hole and enough size to run between the tackles.
"Tre, he's a little more balanced," offensive coordinator
Rhett Lashlee
said. "He'll run it up in there, he's not a speed guy, but he's got good speed, he's probably the best of the three at making people miss in the open field, and he catches the ball really well."
Mason's lack of repetitions in the spring hurt more in pass protection. An attentive learner who picks up the offense quickly, Mason didn't have enough reps in the offense to nail down the details of his duties away from the ball.
An attentive learner, Mason dressed for every practice and soaked up information from Tigers' running backs coach Tim Horton, but he didn't get enough reps to really take a leap forward in pass protection.
Other than those reps, Mason's injury might have been a blessing in disguise. With Mason out, Artis-Payne and Grant got extensive work, allowing both to establish themselves in the offense.
Artis-Payne, the
, started slowly as he
, but the heavy workload gave him a chance to get up to speed quickly.
By the time A-Day rolled around, Artis-Payne had already established what he brings to the table, a contender for carries who could also play a key role in short-yardage situations.
"Cameron, you can see, he will go downhill, he finishes well with his pads down, he was probably the most consistent running back in pass protection," Lashlee said. "You can tell, when you get rolling, he can get those pads north and south."
Grant offers the home-run ability, a level of speed that could earn him a role either at running back or out of the slot on the speed sweeps that have been a staple of Malzahn's offense in the past.
His speed
.
"He's our home-run guy," Lashlee said. "If he gets a crease, he's probably going to take it the distance."
Auburn running back Cameron Artis-Payne prepares for the snap during the Tigers' practice Wednesday. (Julie Bennett/al.com)
Auburn still has two more backs on the way:
Peyton Barber
, a big inside runner, and
Johnathan Ford
, an all-around threat on the perimeter.
Now that the Tigers have gotten the basics installed, Auburn's coaching staff can start planning how to use its suddenly deep stable of running backs next fall.
And that suits Auburn's running backs just fine.
"We do notice that and we see how we compliment each other," Mason said. "We like putting it together and it's going to be fun when we get to sub in and out.
For more news and notes on Auburn football, check out the
, and don't forget to follow the Tigers on Twitter:
Since the news broke that a forthcoming Atom/Firestorm-led series spinning out of the events of Arrow and The Flash would star Caity Lotz (presumably in her role as Sara Lance), a lot of questions have been floating around.
One of them, of course, was just how she might come back. We've now seen in the DC's Legends of Tomorrow trailer that it appears to be via the Lazarus Pit -- an interesting choice, since the current Ra's al Ghul was responsible for her death -- but it has left plenty of other questions hanging in the air.
One raised as a concern by fans of Arrow is that since Sara's death drove much of Arrow's third season, what would her resurrection mean for the heroes of Starling City? Her sister Laurel, in particular, has been transformed and gone on a journey toward fulfilling her destiny from the comics as a direct result of Sara's death. "Sara's return won't affect Laurel's arc," executive producer Marc Guggenheim told a worried Arrow fan on Tumblr. And we believe him.
Why? Well, first of all you cannot undo all that character growth. Personal development doesn't work like a bank error, where the discovery of a mistake can wipe everything out in a fell swoop. If it were to turn out that all of your personal growth was predicated on a lie, it might be worth discussing what that does to your continued commitment to changing yourself...but that's also not we're looking at.
In the case of Laurel in particular and the Arrow cast in general, there were a number of circumstances that led to their evolution. Sure, a lot of it was precipitated by Sara's murder, but there was more than just that going on, as they discovered pretty quickly. The experiences of Season Three still happened, whether Sara is alive or not -- just like the experiences of the "missing" five years happened even though Oliver and Sara turned out not to have died on the boat. Quentin Lance's descent into and then recovery from alcoholism wasn't magically invalidated because he daughter came back at somebody who dressed up in leather and beat up losers. Thea's abandonment and addition issues didn't just magically go away because Ollie showed up with a beard. Look, it's entirely possible that a little bit of bad writing could undo a lot of the forward momentum some of these characters have built up. But it's not likely to happen, and it certainly isn't guaranteed.
Photo by Kevin Figueroa
For decades, countless artists have attributed their creative prowess to weed. Just ask longtime enthusiast and marijuana dispensary owner Willie Nelson — or Snoop Dogg, who hosted his second annual 4/20 “Wellness Retreat” concert in Denver earlier this year. Cedric Bixler-Zavala, former Mars Volta and At the Drive-In frontman, used to run with the same crowd, often writing and recording music while high.
Not anymore, though.
In a new essay for Vulture, Bixler-Zavala opens up about his decision to quit smoking pot, noting how it took a toll on him financially and didn't even help much with his creative process. “I was a total monster. I was spending $1,000 a week on weed, and everyone I was in the band with at the time smoked as much as I did.”
“There's so much stupid behavior caused by weed, but I always had that cliché: I needed it for creativity. I've come to realize that at the end of the day, it's only you yourself that creativity comes from. It doesn't come from weed,” he admits.
The Grammy-winning musician also notes how pot had affected his personality and the way he engaged with music:
“Strictly in terms of music, take the Grateful Dead. I'm a big Grateful Dead fan, but there are aspects of the Grateful Dead that I love now that I don't smoke that are the opposite of what I used to like. Now I find myself being like, ‘Just gimme the goddamn hook!' When I was smoking I could probably listen to Infrared Roses on repeat. This is awesome! This is great! I mean, it's not bad. It's interesting, it's a cool adventure in art, but now I just find myself wanting to listen to the core of the song, the core of what someone is trying to communicate. Because I was such a pothead, I was not really communicating all that much other than just being long-winded and trying to be difficult for the sake of being difficult.”
That's not to say Bixler-Zavala has completely distanced himself from weed or those that smoke it regularly; he just acknowledges that it's not for him anymore. “There are some stoners out there who can appreciate their audience and actually function when they're high,” he says, “I couldn't. Now I can look at my audience and be like, ‘Jesus Christ, thank you so much.' It's a nice thing to be clearheaded and make music.”
Read the essay in full here.
Uber has started a petition t o spread awareness among people about the City Draft Scheme by the Government of Maharashtra . The new rules proposed by the Maharashtra government may force Uber to restrict its fleets and constrain their ability to set prices.
Uber has now started an online petition seeking support from users to tell their elected officials to adopt 'progressive' taxi laws.
Source: hmsinsurance.com
" We've received over 52,000 petitions already. And can't thank the riders enough for their support. These petitions will be sent via mail to the Transport Dept. All 52,000 odd, of them," the Company said in a statement.
Uber's campaign has been prompted by the state government's notification of the City Taxi Scheme, 2015 . The scheme would require taxi operators to maintain a minimum fleet of 1,000 and a maximum of 4,000 taxis. If enforced, such a cap will force Uber and its rival Ola to cut the number of drivers in Mumbai.
Source: newsroom.uber.com
" Cap on the number of vehicles to 4000 - in a growing city, one of the populous in the world, why are we restricting the number of options for transport for the people? Should't we be giving the people MORE options? More importantly, what happens to the drivers who have just bought cars on loans and have attached them on aggregator platforms?? Where do they go? What do they do with their cars?" Uber added in a statement.
Both drivers and riders in Mumbai speak up against the government in this video.
If the scheme is implemented, it will render thousands of people jobless. Uber believes t hese rules actively discourage competition and consumer choice. If you also believe that, then you can sign the petition HERE .
Events
As well as the regular clubs that are happening across the UK, there are also
occasional larger events that bring the whole community together. We will
report details of such events as and when we hear about them.
North West Slack Fest 09-10th June 2018
Tickets for this years North West SlackFest are now available:
https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/northwest-slackfest-2018-tickets-43716101035
Activities range from Trickline, Longline and Speedline competitions,
SlackCinema evening, Slackline skills workshops and more.
Spectators need not purchase tickets, only those using the slacklines and entering competitions.
North West Slack Fest 03-04th June 2017
Tickets for the North West Slack fest are available now from EventBrite
Scheduled activities range from Trickline, Longline and Speedline
competitions, SlackCinema evening, Slackline skills workshops and more.
Marbury Country Park
Comberbach
CW9 6AT
North West Slack Fest 4th-5th June 2016
Tickets are now available for the North West Slack Fest to be held at Marbury Country Park
in Northwich. Last years event drew a big crowd and had very good feedback so
this years event is sure to be blast as well.
Full details are available here Facebook.com/NorthWestSlackfest/
Bristol Slack Jam 18th-19th July 2015.
Updated 23/07/2015 – The Bristol Jam turned out to be an awesome weekend!
Loads of people turned up to watch the Jam and the Trickline competition hosted by the very amusing and energetic Jacob HiHo
Many members of the audience also tried Slacklining for the first time on two warm up lines under the guidance
of some expert slackers.
Music was provided by Fergie and Casey and their suitcase soundsystem.
Checkout Photos from the Jam
And also Video footage of the Trickline competition.
This one promises to be a cracker! Last years Bristol SlackLine Jam was a huge success and this years event could
be even bigger. So far it has been posted that there will be DJ's to provide beats, workshops for beginners to get started with slacking and also for existing slackliners to learn tips and tricks to improve technique. As well as a real trickline competition with prizes up for grabs.
The event is just days away now, so its time to get practicing! Checkout the official event page for more details.
Local residents embrace during a candlelight vigil for victims of a mass shooting in a church in Sutherland Springs, Texas, U.S., November 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Khursheed
Police in Sutherland Springs, TX have identified the gunman in Sunday morning's mass shooting as Devin Patrick Kelley, according to CBS News.
Kelley, 26, died after a police chase. He killed at least 25 people at First Baptist Church on Sunday morning and injured at least as many more.
More on this story as it develops.
UPDATE: Kelley was an Air Force veteran and firearms enthusiast. He served on active duty between 2010 and 2014, but received a dishonorable discharge after facing a court martial in May of 2014, CBS said.
Police say that Kelley was shot during or after a car chase with officers.
UPDATE: Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) said during a press conference that the official death toll is 26.
Sheriff Joe Tackett said that his office will not be releasing the names of the dead until all next of kin have been identified.
UPDATE: Kelley may have taken his own life or may have been shot by a local resident who engaged the gunman in a firefight outside the church.
Officials say that the deceased ranged in age from 5 years to 72.
Investigators say they have no motive or explanation for Kelley's rampage.
UPDATE: Officials declined to state whether Kelley belonged to any militia groups. Information about the raid on his home is still pending, they said.
The 2015 federal election was a disheartening one for the New Democratic Party (NDP). There was a real sense, even weeks into the marathon election, that leader Tom Mulcair could become Canada's first NDP prime minister. Of course, we know what came next: On October 19, 2015, Mulcair conceded, trying to put on a brave smile to speak about a great campaign—even if the party just lost more than half of its caucus. Nevertheless, he could not help but look visibly uncomfortable, bearing the weight of the opportunity squandered.
In discordance with the popular narrative, I don't ascribe to the notion that the Liberals actually outflanked the NDP to the left, but Mulcair's failure to read the progressive potential in the electorate made such an argument plausible to voters and pundits alike. This, combined with shifting support that put the Liberals in the best position to defeat Stephen Harper in the second half of the election, meant that voters flocked to the Liberals, even in strong NDP ridings.
In the aftermath, most NDPers felt the campaign was a strategic failure but were divided on Mulcair's fate. Some felt “backroom boys,” those making private political decisions, did Mulcair in, that he had learned his lesson, and that he was the best choice available. Others argued that Mulcair bore responsibility for the result and denounced what his leadership represented: a 2012 gambit to give the leadership to a recent Liberal pledging victory over values. Critics pointed to the NDP's 2013 constitutional revisions, which removed from the preamble a commitment to social ownership, production for use over profit, and the abolition of poverty. Given the 2015 result, this side argued, the Mulcair experiment was a failure.
Going into the spring 2016 NDP convention, there was grumbling about Mulcair's leadership. But even though Canadian Labour Congress President Hassan Yussuff was open about his unwillingness to support Mulcair, there was little sense of an organized “dump Tom” campaign, and some felt that he would obtain the 70 percent confidence typically needed to remain leader. Surprisingly, Mulcair failed to even win half the room's confidence. This set us along the path to the party's current leadership race, which began on December 21, 2016, when British Columbia MP Peter Julian officially registered his campaign. In early 2017, Charlie Angus, Guy Caron, and Niki Ashton followed to form the original core of the contest. These four candidates—all federal MPs—were joined by veterans advocate Pat Stogran and Ontario NDP MPP Jagmeet Singh, the former of whom quickly dropped out. Given that Julian has recently exited the race citing poor fundraising outcomes, the field is set with four credible candidates.
At the time of publication, the race is still fairly open, but there are some trends. In terms of polling, Angus has consistently been in first and Ashton in second. But until we have either more conclusive data, or get a real sense for which of the candidates has been most successful in recruiting new members, predicting the outcome is far from a safe bet. All of the contenders are, at least in their messaging, putting the Mulcair years behind them. Angus harks back to Jack Layton frequently, but almost never to Mulcair. Caron is proposing bold policies around a Basic Income program. Singh is offering fairly substantive social programs. And Ashton is pushing intergenerational justice and the idea of increased public ownership in industry.
Even as these four candidates are partially divided on specific policy matters, there is a consensus that the Mulcair era is over—and a close look at democratic socialist campaigns abroad could signal what's to come.
***
Canadians voted for progressive change in 2015—even if the party that benefitted was less than sincere about many of its promises, from electoral reform to ending educational inequities for Indigenous children. And while the Trudeau Liberals continue to poll well, some of the lustre is coming off, and there is room upon which to oppose the government from the left. Angus, for one, has scorched their failure to keep commitments to Indigenous communities, and Ashton has called out the hypocrisy of the Liberals energizing young people while doing little to address youth precarity.
But this move is also driven by the international context. In 2016, Bernie Sanders captured the imagination and emotions of millions of Americans, but also resonated with Canadians who felt he was sparking the grassroots energy and political interest needed in the wake of 2015. In fact, Ashton personally volunteered to help Bernie during the primaries, citing his message and ideals as akin to her own.
Bernie's value for the Canadian left came less in particular policy than in his approach to the politics of class. He acknowledged class strife in American society, took sides in the struggle, and offered a platform cognizant of it. Shortly after the 2016 American election, for instance, Sanders tweeted that “there's been class warfare for the last 30 years, but it's been the ruling class taking on the middle class and poor.” It matters less if Sanders is a textbook socialist, and more that he took on the “millionaire and billionaire” class while standing with working Americans. He proposed new social spending that would help the latter and raised taxes that would disproportionately impact the former. And while most presidential candidates have painted themselves as a friend to rich and poor alike, Sanders did just the opposite, advising the wealthy and powerful not to vote for him. This approach was largely in line with Franklin D. Roosevelt's in the 1930s, when he said that he “welcomed the hatred” of those elites opposed to his presidency. Ultimately, Sanders saw the issue of taxes, social spending, and austerity as one inseparable from class; he knew that you cannot have a system that pleases everyone. Instead, he chose the side of working- and middle-class people.
“A welfare state must be accompanied by an endeavour to bring more democracy into Canadians' daily lives, and more public control over the country's economic destiny.”
Under Mulcair, in contrast, the NDP portrayed themselves as a genuine partner to all social classes. There are multiple examples, but the clearest regards taxation: Mulcair suggested that if income tax rates on the wealthy were increased, it would approach a level of unjust and “confiscatory” taxation. As PM, he would push to close certain tax loopholes and for a higher corporate tax rate but wasn't willing to significantly reform the system in favour of working people, nor to explore in a sustained manner the politics of taxation as a clear analogue for the politics of class. Additionally, Mulcair's timid tax plan was hard to square with his proposed social programs and zero deficit pledge.
In today's leadership race, candidates are significantly dismissive of Mulcair's tax policy, with Caron proposing fairly ambitious increases to fund his Basic Income program, and Singh doing much the same—including the creation of an estate tax—to cover his proposed spending. In more recent days, Ashton has come out with her own tax plan not dissimilar to Singh's, though it goes further in making the taxation of capital gains equal to that of income. Finally, Angus has yet to fully formalize his plan, but has written an op-ed piece in The Huffington Post about how he would raise taxes on those making over $250,000 to increase tax relief for lower income Canadians. Clearly, the way in which Bernie made taxation a fulcrum for bringing forward a politics of class and social justice has made an impact.
***
The impact of Sanders might yet be overtaken by that of United Kingdom Labour Party (UKLP) leader Jeremy Corbyn. Like Sanders, Corbyn is a long-time voice of the left and highly popular with young people. But he also leads a social democratic party not dissimilar to the NDP, making for a better apples-to-apples comparison. Corbyn became UKLP leader in 2015, and from the start, his unapologetic socialism made him a target of the media, elites, and most of his own caucus. (The latter constantly tried to overthrow him based on the perception that he failed to adequately represent the Remain campaign during the Brexit referendum, and that his staunch socialism made him unelectable.) While Corbyn had strong support from UKLP members, he was under perpetual siege—and Conservative leader Theresa May called an early election this spring in an effort to capitalize on Labour's divisions and low polling.
Despite this, in what many called a shocking result, Corbyn turned the polls around, gained 30 seats, and took away the Conservative majority. Since the election, his personal and party approval ratings have skyrocketed, and the Conservatives' have tumbled. This has only been exacerbated by an apartment fire in London, England, that killed as many as 100 residents, to which May's response was seen as deflectionary and evasive, all while Corbyn came across as a compassionate statesman.
Why did these seismic changes happen in a matter of weeks? A major part was the failure of the Conservative campaign, but Corbyn—under the tagline “for the many, not the few”—ran a sincere and relatable campaign that offered democratic socialist ideals and policies to make the lives of regular U.K. citizens better. As Canadian political economist Michal Rozworski has argued, Corbyn's platform was predicated not just on better social spending but on economic democracy, from state ownership to worker cooperatives. In Rozworski's words, Corbyn not only proposed that workers “have a bigger slice of the pie, but a bigger say over how it is made.”
Corbyn offers a clear example for how the NDP can energize young people and run a competitive election in the face of hostile opposition. But his value is chiefly that he has reintroduced democratic socialist language into the Anglosphere's public lexicon and earned 40 percent of the vote in the process. His ideology ties in rather comfortably within that of revered former NDP leaders like Tommy Douglas, David Lewis, and Ed Broadbent, who from the late 1960s into the mid-1980s articulated a socialist approach to making Canada a more just and humane society. They called for public ownership, lauded economic planning, championed equality beyond that of opportunity, and demonstrated the necessity of democracy beyond the ballot box. What these historic leaders have in common with Corbyn—and what would push the modern NDP out of its comfort zone—is the conviction that socialism is not synonymous with the welfare state. Although a welfare state must be present in a socialist programme, it must be accompanied by an endeavour to bring more democracy into Canadians' daily lives, and more public control over the country's economic destiny.
Many—like former Mulcair principal secretary Karl Bélanger—will say that holding up Corbyn as a template for NDP success is rash because he failed to win the election. But this view fails to acknowledge how deeply Corbyn has already inspired change in Britain's political climate. Despite all the conventional wisdom about how democratic socialism would lead Labour into oblivion, Corbyn has done just the opposite, growing their vote share in relation to the previous election by more than in any other since 1945. Further, no single NDP leader has achieved a federal government— or Corbyn's 40 percent vote share—and party supporters would never deny the successes and influence that the federal NDP has had across history.
Matters in the NDP leadership race are still in flux, so the person most likely to bring about such a direction is not set in stone. Nevertheless, it does appear that Ashton is most comfortable with taking a Corbyn-style line, with her calls for nationalization, outreach to stridently left groups such as Trotskyist Fightback Canada, and an articulated desire to turn the NDP leftward. But even her plans aren't in the vein of Corbyn's because they lack the specificity found in his platforms. Further, her rivals could certainly move in a leftward orientation themselves, and gobble up more of that space. And as noted above, all four candidates have moved leftward in relation to the Mulcair and Layton eras.
The path toward the NDP's electoral success and ideological relevance, in my view, is through a democratic socialist platform that encourages social spending and redistribution, along with novel solutions to capitalism's flaws, be they traditional concerns with industrial autocracy, or modern issues such as environmental sustainability and automation. From a practical standpoint, a democratic socialism transcending the welfare state will not only bring fresh ideas nonetheless rooted in NDP history but will contain policies that the Liberals won't be willing to co-opt. Trudeau may well accept minor tax increases, deficits, and child care benefits, for example; but the Liberals—at least not without an NDP-balanced minority parliament—won't be willing to make steps to democratize workplaces and the wider economy. This has to be the central strategy going forward for the federal party: to be unabashed progressives on social and cultural matters, and to combine these values with a consistent drive to democratize all aspects of public and economic life.
***
The 2015 election was certainly a setback for the NDP, but there is a path forward in giving Canadians a choice for genuine social and economic reform. Just as importantly, the examples of Sanders and Corbyn should speak to elements of the Canadian left that dismiss the potential of the NDP. As Rick Salutin put it in the Toronto Star: “Forget about starting new left-wing parties. You can actually work within corrupt cadavers like Labour and the Democrats, aspire to take them over, and move on to power. I'd never have believed it but the evidence is there.”
There are about two years until the next election. While the NDP are down in the polls at the time of publication, the U.K. election has shown us that bold policy, resilient leadership, an arrogant opponent, and an energized base can turn things around in a flash.
The Australian arts sector held a crisis meeting in Sydney on Thursday night. More than 120 arts leaders from around the country attended to discuss what to do about one of the gravest threats to Australian culture in decades. Meanwhile, I received an email from a commissioning producer at a Melbourne performing arts centre. “Dark days,” he wrote. Several of his friends in small performing arts organisations are being laid off.
George Brandis will have final say on arts funding, draft guidelines suggest Read more
I spoke to one of them on Friday morning, who did not wish to be named. The chaos in the industry after the massive cuts to the Australia Council funding announced by arts minister George Brandis in May's federal budget was directly responsible.
“There's really no clear pathway towards multi-year funding, or even project funding for organisations where you need a small subsidy to underwrite management,” she told me. The uncertainty created by the 28% cut to the Australia Council is flowing through to job losses across the sector.
Bad news is starting to filter in. “I have also heard from lots of other people about how their funding is simply running out and they don't know what is going to happen next year and if they will have jobs,” the producer said. “I think any organisation that went for the Australia Council's six-year organisational funding round that was cancelled is now looking at laying off staff or folding.”
What was the six-year funding round? Only the Australia Council's most important funding program for the so-called small-to-medium sector of small, innovative cultural organisations. After more than 400 organisations spent months developing their applications, the entire round was cancelled after Brandis ripped $104.7m from the Australia Council's funding in the May budget, in order to create his new national program for excellence in the arts.
For those not intimately acquainted with the arts in Australia, it can be hard to get your head around a complex and multilayered industry. The cultural industries employed 311,000 workers at the 2011 census, and account for around 7% of Australia's economy.
Australia culture: arts funding crisis special episode - podcast Read more
At the core of this vast enterprise, relatively small amounts of federal funding catalyse huge amounts of cultural activity. The Australia Council plays a crucial role, supporting a large and highly innovative cluster of small companies, galleries, publishers, collectives and individual artists.
Small investments in talent at an early stage can pay big dividends. To take just one example, Aussie songstress Courtney Barnett was the recipient of an innovative Australia Council-PPCA recording grant to record her first full-length album. You might have heard it's done quite well.
The Australia Council currently funds 145 “key organisations” with ongoing operational funding. The list includes some of the nation's best-known cultural exports: Back to Back theatre in Geelong; Circa from Brisbane; Lucy Guerin dance from Melbourne. It includes every funded literature organisation, scores of galleries, the entire federally-funded community arts sector, and most small Indigenous performing arts companies.
Now all bets are off. The key organisations funding runs out at the end of 2016, and no one has any clue about what will happen – least of all the Australia Council. This crisis has been caused by one man: George Brandis.
A quick list of some of Brandis's actions makes for sobering reading. As opposition arts spokesperson in 2013, he tried to amend the Australia Council Act to include more ministerial discretion over funding. Since taking office in September 2013, the Abbott government has slashed Commonwealth funding for the arts: the 2014 federal budget saw $87m slashed from the federal arts portfolio and there were further efficiencies in the 2015 budget.
After the budget: shh! Australia's era of artistic silencing begins Read more
Despite reductions overall, the arts minister has been active in individual funding allocations. One of his first moves was to give $1m to the Australian Ballet School, an organisation with the wife of a former Howard government cabinet minister on its board. “‘I have taken a close interest in the Australian Ballet School and visited their facility on 6 February,” Brandis told journalists at the time.
The minister then gave Melbourne classical music record label Melba Recordings a $275,000 grant. It was not part of any official funding round and the grant was not peer-assessed, but Melba did lobby the minister about funding. The funding was decided in April 2014, but the Melba grant was not publicly announced in any media release or listed in the May 2014 budget papers. The first official acknowledgment was in an obscure attorney general's department spreadsheet. Melba's patrons and supporters include a cavalcade of highly-connected individuals, including a former Howard government cabinet minister.
Brandis has also given $1.15m in non peer-reviewed funding to the Australian World Orchestra, a company closely associated with his policy advisor Michael Napthali. Napthali was a director of the orchestra immediately before taking up his role in Brandis's office, although the ministry insists he was not involved in any Australian World Orchestra funding decisions.
George Brandis in art – in pictures Read more
In 2014, the Sydney Biennale controversy blew up. A boycott of the visual arts festival by artists protesting against a sponsor, the Transfield Foundation, attracted wide media attention. The communications minister, Malcolm Turnbull, publicly attacked the boycotters and a furious Brandis wrote to the Australia Council's board, instructing it to develop a policy to deny public funding to anyone involved in a sponsor boycott.
Some speculate that the ill-feeling generated by the Biennale imbroglio fed the growing rift between the arts minister and the Australia Council. If the Biennale was a contributing factor, Brandis kept his plans to himself. By his own admission in Senate Estimates, Brandis consulted no one about the decision to set up the new excellence fund by raiding the Australia Council's budget. The Australia Council itself only heard about it hours before Joe Hockey's speech on budget night.
Labor's arts spokesperson, Mark Dreyfus, calls the excellence program a “slush fund.” The draft guidelines for the program give final say to the arts minister himself, and peer review is rudimentary at best. The guidelines also appear to allow the arts minister to give out grants in secret.
A pattern is emerging: increasing secrecy and personal ministerial control over cultural funding. No wonder artists and arts leaders are worried about the federal cultural policy direction.
But the minister shows no sign of abandoning his cultural crusade. When representatives of the small-to-medium sector travelled to Canberra to express concern about the changes, Brandis declined to meet with them. He met with lobbyists from the major performing arts sector instead.
Print Article
SANDPOINT - It's unlikely that any other Bonner County sheriff candidate spent their Friday night like Shaun Winkler.
At his compound just outside Priest River, Winkler and other family members of the northern Idaho Ku Klux Klan klavern held a get-together that included a nighttime cross lighting. Winkler, 33, is also tied to the Aryan Nations and Church of Jesus Christ-Christian. He has participated in racially-charged Kootenai County protests.
According to Winkler, cross lighting, more commonly known as cross burning, often provokes strong reactions from most people. Given that fact, the ceremony is generally conducted in private within the compound once a month or so.
"Generally, for a cross lighting, it's extremely rare we'd let any media there at all," he said.
However, after discussing the matter with his family and associates, the group agreed to allow outside observation for the ceremony. Winkler said the evening was meant to express both camaraderie and religious devotion.
The evening began like many a family picnic elsewhere in the country. Group members barbecued and enjoyed a congenial meal with one another. Afterward, Winkler called everyone's attention to speak for about a half-hour on the racial, political and social groups they opposed. Finally, once darkness fell, the evening concluded by setting a wooden cross afire.
That particular action, Winkler predicted, would be the source of much misunderstanding.
"Mainstream society looks at cross lighting as a symbol of hate, but it predates the Klan by hundreds of years," he said. "We look at it more as a religious symbol."
According to Winkler, the religious component of the ceremony dates back to Scottish origins, when clan members used it as a means of communication. He also saw it as a pointedly Christian symbol, a representation of Jesus Christ's light spreading to the rest of the world.
However, the Ku Klux Klan of the early 20th century effectively erased any other associations in the public consciousness when they appropriated cross lighting as a tool of terror and coercion.
According to Brenda Hammond, secretary for the Bonner County Human Rights Task Force, the continued use of cross lighting is a matter of grave concern.
"It shows the need for the human rights task force has not gone away," she said. "Many of us on the task force have really regretted Bonner County's reputation for harboring racism when the vast majority of us don't think like that."
Despite the unpopularity of his racial views, Winkler is soldiering on with his sheriff's candidacy. On Monday, he participated in a candidates forum at the Blanchard Community Center. He continued to insist his Ku Klux Klan ties would not impact his performance as sheriff or make him susceptible to racial profiling. Instead, he would focus on tough stances regarding drugs and alcohol.
"Most people don't know that we don't just oppose the Jews and the negroes," he said. "We also oppose sexual predators and drugs of any kind."
Winkler added that if he had his way, perpetrators of sexual crimes would be hung immediately.
As for the cross lighting and his other white supremacist links, Winkler admits that those who oppose him for his viewpoints probably won't come around. Given that likelihood, he's not worried about alienating potential supporters.
"I think at this point, whoever is going to disagree with me will keep on disagreeing, and those who agree with me will keep on agreeing," he said.
Perhaps Friday's wiretapping accusation will make doubters out of the true believers, but don't bet on it.
The only thing that is more surprising than Donald Trump's electoral victory might be how quickly so many people who were, or should be, Trump critics, have turned into supporters. This support is particularly shocking from people in the libertarian and liberty-loving conservative movements.
During the primary and general election season, many of these people were part of the Never Trump movement or supported Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson.
Yet now that Trump is president, and the Republicans have consolidated their control over Congress, too many of these people are working hard to find the good in him even though he's doing exactly the things he said he'd do and that they opposed.
My view is that many conservatives and libertarians hate the left more than they love liberty.
After his conciliatory speech to Congress last week, his critics ironically became less critical because he “acted presidential,” without changing anything substantive. He still spent his first six weeks supporting the authorization of torture, suggesting Muslim registries, moving to close the border to refugees, placing a travel ban on citizens from several countries, empowering U.S. border guards to unlawfully detain American citizens, initiating document checks on domestic flights, attempting to muzzle critical media, taking steps to build a Mexican wall, considering sending federal troops into the streets of Chicago, and threatening to undo decades of peace and prosperity-enhancing global trade.
He has shown a broad disregard for the rule of law and the Constitution, two things that liberty-lovers profess to care about a great deal.
Self-proclaimed liberty lovers respond by saying that he has also proposed economic deregulation and reform and made a good Supreme Court appointment, so perhaps we should give him a chance.
However, these initiatives have clearly been secondary to his efforts to expand the power of the federal government in the ways listed above. And even if his economic program were to be in the direction of more liberty, a small tax cut, freezing the minimum wage, or reducing business regulation are an order of magnitude less morally important than policies that undermine basic constitutional and human rights and the rule of law.
The question, then, is why liberty lovers seem so willing to accept the trade-off of a few crumbs of economic liberty for other policies that violate principles that they supposedly believe in very deeply?
My view is that many conservatives and libertarians hate the left more than they love liberty, and too many of them focus exclusively on the United States.
Their hatred of the left is evident in the claim that “Clinton would have been worse.” No, she wouldn't have. Clinton might have expanded the regulatory state, but there would be no revival of torture, no wall, no registry, no trade war, no attempt to muzzle the media, and at least some talk of the importance of the Constitution.
Hillary Clinton has many flaws from a libertarian perspective, and some schadenfreude about the left's shock at her defeat is understandable, but the array of fundamental threats to liberty Trump and his supporters embody strongly outweighs Clinton's many flaws.
Liberty lovers should never let their frustrations with the left become more important than preserving the liberal order.
The focus on the U.S. causes liberty lovers to ignore the enormous gains to the rest of the world from being able to trade with Americans and emigrate or obtain refugee status. Freeing up the global movement of goods, services, and people is the single most-valuable thing we could do to reduce global poverty and improve the lives of billions. We will lose these opportunities by raising trade and immigration barriers, and the losses will be far greater than the gains that would come — if they even happen — from marginal reductions in taxes or regulation.
As an example, school choice for poor Americans is important. Far more valuable to the rest of the world is the opportunity to sell goods and services in the U.S. market or migrate here for work.
Those who love liberty should never accept the kinds of fundamental restrictions on the rights of humans to peacefully provide for themselves and their families. They should reject the massive expansion of discretionary state power that Trump is demanding in exchange for the promise of tax cuts and deregulation.
Liberty lovers need to be clearer about the true cost of their even mild support for Trump. If one loves liberty, one should love it for all humans, not just Americans.
The guilty plea of a 30-year-old campaign aide shifted the narrative Monday of the Trump campaign's interactions with Russia.
WASHINGTON — The guilty plea of a 30-year-old campaign aide — so green that he listed Model United Nations in his qualifications — shifted the narrative Monday of the Trump campaign's interactions with Russia: Court documents revealed that Russian officials alerted the campaign, through an intermediary in April 2016, that they possessed thousands of Democratic e-mails and other “dirt” on Hillary Clinton.
That was two months before the Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee was publicly revealed and the stolen e-mails began to appear online. The new court filings provided the first clear evidence that Trump campaign aides had early knowledge that Russia had stolen confidential documents on Clinton and the committee, a tempting trove in a close presidential contest.
By the time of a crucial meeting in June of last year, when Donald Trump Jr. and other senior Trump campaign officials met with a Russian lawyer offering damaging information on Clinton, some may have known for weeks that Russia had material likely obtained by illegal hacking, the new documents suggested. The disclosures added to the evidence pointing to attempts at collaboration between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, but they appeared to fall short of proof that they conspired in the hacking or other illegal acts.
Advertisement
The improbable figure at the center of the new information was a “foreign policy adviser” to Trump, George Papadopoulos. It was Papadopoulos, one of three men whose charges were announced Monday, who appears to have been the first campaign aide to learn about the Russian hacking of Democratic targets.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
A crucial detail is still missing: whether and when Papadopoulos told senior Trump campaign officials about Russia's possession of hacked e-mails. And it appears that the young aide's quest for a deeper connection with Russian officials, while he aggressively pursued it, led nowhere.
Papadopoulos repeatedly promoted the idea of a “history making” meeting between Trump and Vladimir Putin, the Russian president. Senior campaign officials, however, said that Trump should not make the trip and leave it to someone “low level in the campaign so as not to send any signal,” according to an e-mail cited in court documents.
Papadopoulos then proposed that he himself, perhaps with another campaign official, travel to Moscow to meet with the Russians.
“The trip proposed by defendant PAPADOPOULOS did not take place,” prosecutors wrote.
Advertisement
To grasp the significance of Monday's developments, it helps to recall exactly how the Russian attack unfolded.
In September 2015, the FBI made its first call to the Democratic National Committee to report evidence of Russian hackers inside the committee's network. But for seven months, the word never got beyond an IT contractor, and the hackers apparently had the run of confidential e-mails and other files.
During that time, Trump was pressed to assemble a team of foreign policy advisers, a difficult task because he was shunned by many Republicans who had served in earlier administrations. In early March, Papadopoulos, who had been helping the beleaguered campaign of Dr. Ben Carson, offered his services to the Trump campaign.
Around March 6, documents say, a campaign supervisor — identified by a former Trump adviser as Sam Clovis — told Papadopoulos, then living in London, that “a principal foreign policy focus of the campaign was an improved relationship with Russia.”
A week later, traveling in Italy, Papadopoulos encountered a London-based professor of international relations, Joseph Mifsud, who claimed to have “substantial connections with Russian government officials.” (The court documents do not name Mifsud, but a Senate aide briefed on the case identified him as the professor in question.)
Advertisement
Unimpressed by Papadopoulos at first, Mifsud became far more interested when he learned that the young traveler was working for the Trump campaign. The two men met again in London on March 24, when the professor introduced Papadopoulos to a Russian woman he said was a relative of Putin with close ties to senior Russian officials.
On March 31, back in Washington, Papadopoulos met Trump for the first time at a gathering of his new foreign policy team at the candidate's Washington hotel. According to the former Trump adviser who was there, and who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid offending former colleagues, Papadopoulos spoke for a few minutes about his Russian contacts and the prospects for a meeting with the Russian president.
But several people in the room began to raise questions about the wisdom of a meeting with Putin, noting that Russia was under sanctions from the United States. Jeff Sessions, now attorney general and then a senator from Alabama who was counseling Trump on national security, “shut George down,” the adviser said. “He said, ‘We're not going to do it' and he added, ‘I'd prefer that nobody speak about this again.'”
But Papadopoulos was not deterred, the documents say, and he continued to communicate with Mifsud and the Russian woman about more contacts. The Russian woman wrote on April 11, “we are all very excited by the possibility of a good relationship with Mr. Trump.” Mifsud introduced Papadopoulos over e-mail to a Moscow contact who said he had connections to the Russian foreign ministry. They spoke repeatedly over Skype about a possible Moscow trip, the documents say.
On April 26 came a crucial meeting. At breakfast at a London hotel, Mifsud told Papadopoulos that he had just returned from Moscow, where he had “learned that the Russians had obtained ‘dirt' on then-candidate Clinton.” Mifsud said he had been told the Russians had “thousands of emails.”
On May 4, the Russian contact with ties to the foreign ministry wrote to Papadopoulos and Mifsud, saying ministry officials were “open for cooperation.” Papadopoulos forwarded the message to a senior campaign official, asking whether the contacts were “something we want to move forward with.”
The court documents describe in detail how Papadopoulos continued to report to senior campaign officials on his efforts to arrange meetings with Russian officials, which The Washington Post reported on in August. But the documents do not say explicitly whether, and to whom, he passed on his most explosive discovery — that the Russians had what they considered compromising e-mails on Trump's opponent.
Story highlights "Everybody is ... an amateur astronomer," scientist says
But particle science is harder for the average person to grasp
Understanding particles can lead to technologies everyone can use
A $10 billion machine that smashes particles together is shutting down this weekend, taking a staycation in its 17-mile tunnel near the French-Swiss border while receiving maintenance and upgrades. The Large Hadron Collider, one of the world's largest science experiments, will resume operations in 2014 or 2015 at unprecedented energies.
Do you care?
Judging from the many comments that we get at CNN.com about what people perceive as a "waste" of money for scientific exploration, you might not. That may be because what happens at the LHC seems far removed from everyday life, and even farther from the study of stars.
"Everybody is, in some sense, an amateur astronomer. We all look up at the stars and wonder how the universe works," says Joel Primack, professor of physics and astrophysics at the University of California, Santa Cruz. "People are not amateur particle physicists."
Our window into outer space is visible and dazzling. We can see spaceships and telescopes launch into the sky, and we can see the images they send back.
Inner space, the fundamental building-blocks of everything on a ridiculously small scale, isn't visible. A lot of our understanding is based on theory and probability. Even the greatest achievement at the LHC isn't certain; we can only say that a particle was found resembling a theorized entity called the Higgs boson
But exploring the very small and the very big and distant are both important for understanding the world in which we live, scientists say, and are necessary for completing the same puzzle.
"The basic story is really that understanding particles and interactions helps us understand the evolution and structure of the whole universe, and hopefully will give us technologies that will allow us to explore it more efficiently and solve energy problems and so forth," said Joe Incandela, spokesperson for the LHC's Compact Muon Solenoid experiment, a large particle detector.
What the universe is made of
Over the last few decades, scientists have come to the conclusion that the universe's composition is only about 5% atoms -- in other words, the stuff that we see and know around us. That means the rest is stuff we can't see . About 71% is something called "dark energy," and another 24% is "dark matter."
Research is ongoing to figure out precisely what these "dark" components are, because they do not interact with ordinary matter and have never been directly detected.
JUST WATCHED 2011: Closing in on the 'God particle' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2011: Closing in on the 'God particle' 04:57
JUST WATCHED Why is the 'God particle' a big deal? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why is the 'God particle' a big deal? 02:47
JUST WATCHED Why is the 'God particle' a big deal? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why is the 'God particle' a big deal? 02:47
JUST WATCHED 2010: World's biggest science experiment Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2010: World's biggest science experiment 00:59
JUST WATCHED Festival aims to make science 'cool' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Festival aims to make science 'cool' 03:59
But the large-scale structure of the universe depends on dark matter. "Without the dark matter, all the stars would fly away," said Adam Riess, physicist at Johns Hopkins University and the Space Telescope Science Institute.
Dark energy is thought to be responsible for the accelerating expansion of the universe, and Riess's Nobel-prize winning work supports this theory.
In principle, these phenomena are everywhere -- but how can we find them?
What particle physicists are really looking for
All that space in between star clusters is not empty at all. Particle physicists are hoping to get a better understanding of space time, the fabric of the universe.
There are particles hiding behind this fabric that we don't normally see, but with enough energy you can draw them into existence, Incandela said. Scientists expect several as-yet-unseen particles to be there because they help fill gaps in the Standard Model of particle physics. The LHC uses high-energy particle collisions to try to find them.
Incandela likens this to being in a boat with fish underneath, which are nibbling at the surface. It takes a lot of energy to pull one out. The Higgs boson, being so hard to pin down, would be like a whale, Incandela said.
One pitfall of this analogy is that you can easily identify real fish, but it's a lot harder to classify particles that slip in and out of existence in less than a second.
The particle that has made headlines recently is the Higgs boson, aka "God particle" -- a term a lot of scientists hate. Nobel Prize-winning physicist Leon Lederman wrote a book with "God Particle" in the title, but reportedly said he'd actually wanted to call it the "Goddamn Particle."
This particle is a component of something called the Higgs field. Brian Greene, theoretical physicist at Columbia University and "NOVA" host, describes it this way:
"You can think of it as a kind of molasses-like bath that's invisible, but yet we're all immersed within it," he said. "And as particles like electrons try to move through the molasses-like bath, they experience a resistance. And that resistance is what we, in our big everyday world, think of as the mass of the electron."
Without this "substance," made up of Higgs particles, the electron would have no mass, and we would not be here at all. It's not a perfect metaphor, though; we don't feel particularly sticky.
The collision energy at the LHC went up to 8 TeV (trillion electron volts) in 2012, a record for the amount of energy in particle collisions. After downtime of about two years, it will come back online with 13 TeV.
With higher energies, it may be possible to detect the signature of dark matter, learn more precise properties of the particle that looks like the Higgs, find evidence of extra dimensions and perhaps find out whether gravity itself has a particle.
"If you want to understand the big, you have to understand the small," Primack said.
Dark matter and energy
Primack proposed an idea for dark matter in 1982 that is still a leading contender: The notion that supersymmetry is responsible for dark matter.
That means that for every particle we know, even the Higgs, there is a partner particle with similar interactions but that is more massive. All these partner particles are unstable except for the lightest one, which can't decay into anything else. Dark matter would be this lightest particle, called a weakly interacting massive particle, or WIMP.
There are several underground experiments worldwide that are aiming to detect these dark matter "WIMPs," such as the LUX Dark Matter experiment in the Black Hills of South Dakota, where liquid xenon is stored a mile underground.
Similar experiments include the Xenon 100 experiment at the Gran Sasso Mountain in central Italy. Scientists will go even deeper at the PandaX experiment at the China Jin-Ping Underground Laboratory, located under 1.5 miles of rock.
The principle behind these experiments is that particles hitting the xenon cause the nucleus of the atom to give off a little bit of light. By examining the resulting charge and light produced in this collision, scientists can determine whether dark matter was involved. At least, in theory -- so far, no dark matter has been detected that way.
These experiments are happening at the same time that the LHC is colliding particles, and may find evidence of dark matter that way.
"It really feels like we're on the verge of a breakthrough," Primack said.
Meanwhile, in space, scientists are looking for the signatures of dark matter and dark energy. Riess and colleagues used the Hubble Space Telescope to measure supernovae that are very far away, showing that dark energy must be responsible for how the universe appears to expand faster and faster. This won them the Nobel Prize in 2011.
The James Webb Telescope, costing about $8 billion, will succeed Hubble. The planned telescope will have a 21-foot diameter mirror, six times as big as Hubble's. Among other things, this telescope is also looking for evidence of dark matter and dark energy.
"There's a huge synergy there, in astronomers trying to find the influence of dark matter by mapping stars and galaxies and large structures in the universe, and particle physicists trying to discover the source of that influence of dark matter through subatomic particles here on Earth," said Jason Kalirai, deputy project scientist for the telescope at the Space Telescope Science Institute.
What technology may come
The question remains: What is this all good for?
There's the pure satisfaction of having greater knowledge of the universe in which we live.
"It's just one of the things that distinguishes humanity, that we can actually answer questions that are deep and fundamental, make predictions and do science, and that it actually works," said Lisa Randall, professor of physics at Harvard and author of "Knocking on Heaven's Door."
Consider also that all the technology you know can be traced to pure research, initially perceived as esoteric. Electric lights -- and, indeed all electricity -- came from fundamental research in the 19th century.
Computers and transistors arose from the understanding of quantum mechanics in the 1920s and 1930s, Incandela said.
Certainly, Einstein didn't know that his relativity theories would become pertinent to your smartphone's GPS. The atomic clocks on satellites must be corrected because, in accordance to Einstein's predictions, moving objects in space are on a different "time" relative to an observer on Earth.
"Technology usually lags pure science by a large amount of time, and I would say, probably now there's a good chance we're further ahead of technology than ever before," Incandela said.
Even the World Wide Web arose out of a proposal from Sir Timothy Berners-Lee , who was a physicist at CERN in the 1980s. Essentially, the reason we have the Internet that we all know and love is that Berners-Lee wanted to enable better communication among physicists there.
It's likely, Primack said, that useful things will also come from the searches for dark matter and dark energy, and for other particles that the LHC is hunting. No one knows what the uses will be yet -- but then again, no one predicted that the World Wide Web would arise at a particle physics lab, either. CERN is, in fact, the same laboratory that houses the LHC.
Nothing is certain, of course, it is at least possible that doing this pure science could help bring into reality the sorts of technologies that right now seem like science fiction.
"If we're really going to explore the universe, in terms of actually moving through the universe and having the ability to do space exploration that's what you see in the movies, so to speak, the 'Star Trek' type things, in principle, we're going to need to understand and have the ability to harness the potential of nature at a level that we don't have now," Incandela said.
U.S.-led coalition forces said they have killed Turki al-Bin'ali, ISIS' chief cleric, in Syria airstrike last month.
Al-Bin'ali, who called himself "Grand Mufti," was killed in an airstrike on May 31 in Mayadin, Syria, according to a news release from the Combined Joint Task Force – Operation Inherent Resolve.
The cleric's main role was recruiting extremists and causing terrorist attacks across the globe. Al-Bin'ali, who has been the terror group's chief cleric since 2014, supplied propaganda encouraging murder and other atrocious acts. He tried to legitimize the formation of the so-called "caliphate" and was a close confidant of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the jihadi group.
The cleric's recruiting efforts for the terrorist organization included many filmed lectures trying to condone and provoke the slaying of innocent people.
The Bahraini cleric wrote religious justifications for the enslavement of thousands of women from Iraq's Yazidi minority and helped establish the ISIS branch in Libya. He rose to be one of the extremist group's leading ideologues.
Several senior Islamic State figures have been killed in recent years as the group has been driven from large parts of Syria and Iraq. U.S.-backed forces recently pushed into Raqqa, the northern Syrian city that served as the group's de facto capital.
Fox News' Jennifer Griffin and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump spoke at a Phoenix rally Saturday, and Trump had something to say about the Veterans Affairs in Arizona towards the end of his speech.
“Arizona knows better than anybody. Because nobody has been treated worse and there is no more corrupt group in terms of government than what's happening with the VA in Arizona. You're the poster child for everybody. And we're gonna fix it, and we're gonna take care of our vets, our greatest people. We have to take care of our vets and I have a plan, and you've all seen the plan, and people love the plan, and we're doing great with the vets, but forget about doing great. We're gonna take care of the situation with our vets. Our vets are dying while they wait for a doctor for a simple procedure, and they die they have to wait so long. So we're gonna take care of our vets.”
Earlier in June, the VA officially removed three Phoenix officials for negligence and other reasons.
Trump spoke about the VA in Phoenix in late May.
“The VA is one of the great catastrophes in this country,” Trump said. “You look at what's happening in Phoenix and other places in the country, where they are catching people stealing and they don't even fire them.”
Trump spoke for over 40 minutes during the rally, touching on Orlando, trade and more.
Follow @KTAR923
Parks Canada often promotes the Icefields Parkway between Jasper and Banff as "one of the most scenic drives in the world," but a plan to build a bike path along the route has hit its fair share of bumps in the road.
Documents suggest Parks Canada has been rushing ahead with the project after receiving federal money in 2016 with a two-year expiry date.
Months before public consultations began, officials discussed when shovels could hit the ground and looked ahead to a "kickoff" event that would celebrate the start of construction.
"The agency has lost its transparency and its respect for public engagement," said Alison Woodley, Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society national parks program director, who added the project should have never gotten off the ground.
"They've got this massive influx of money and now the money is driving the project instead of due public process."
Last year's federal budget contained $66 million to develop a 107-kilometre bike trail from the Jasper townsite to the Columbia Icefields along the parkway. The trail, with a total budget of $86 million, could eventually extend all the way to Banff.
Cyclists currently hug a narrow shoulder along the highway. Parks Canada is proposing a separate, paved route buffered from the busy road by 10 to 20 metres of trees, but environmental groups say it will damage sensitive caribou and grizzly bear habitat.
Public consultations began in January. Environment minister Catherine McKenna is expected to make a final decision based on the results of public feedback and a yet-to-be-completed detailed impact analysis, also known as an environmental assessment.
However, documents obtained under Access to Information legislation by researcher Ken Rubin and provided to The Canadian Press suggest that Parks Canada staff have been proceeding for months as if the project is a done deal.
No final decisions made
In a draft communications plan prepared in August 2016, staff wrote up a timetable for media events that included an event to mark the start of construction, "when Phase 1 of the project is shovel ready," at an undetermined date in 2017. The timetable also includes a ribbon cutting to open Phase 1 — the Jasper to Columbia Icefields portion — at a undetermined date.
"There's a big push to start spending in these first two years as (budget 2016) funding is not available to be carried forward to the third year," say August meeting minutes.
Parks Canada spokeswoman Audrey Champagne said in a statement that public consultation and engagement are key priorities. The proposed trail is currently in the conceptual phase and no final decisions have been made, she said.
"The feedback Parks Canada receives will be carefully reviewed and used to inform decisions on the overall project," she said.
She added that strict development limits are in place to ensure the protection of ecological integrity in national parks.
"Parks Canada remains committed to a rigorous development review and environmental assessment process that ensures all development proposals comply with these limits and that a park's ecological integrity is maintained," she said.
'Engineers cannot wait'
But meeting minutes suggest the agency has been looking ahead to construction for months.
"Engineers cannot wait until the IA process is complete," read minutes from June 2016, referring to the impact analysis.
The next month, an action item directed one staff member to determine "how long the IA process will take before ground can be broken."
By mid-July, the goal was for construction to begin in May or June 2017. The bird breeding period was a concern, with minutes saying it "could significantly slow down the process and determine how we manage the construction phases."
In a status report in August, the project schedule is described as "extremely aggressive and could be considered high risk, however it is listed as medium risk due to the very preliminary state of detailed schedule preparation and analysis."
Concerns about effects on wildlife
The documents also raise concerns about effects on wildlife. They say sight lines need to be cleared to give cyclists travelling 30 kilometres per hour about four to five seconds of vision ahead, which is "important to avoid human-bear conflicts.
"Where sightlines need to be shorter, use signs to ask users to make noise," the documents say.
A preliminary analysis also indicated the trail would "overlap with caribou habitat."
The House of Commons environment committee expressed concerns in a report last month that Parks Canada's public consultations have become limited to a few weeks of geographically restricted consultations, often after years of closed-door discussions with private developers and once internal decisions have already been made.
"Despite repeated questions to numerous witnesses, the committee was unable to determine what process led up to the announcement in budget 2016 of a $65.9 million investment for a new biking and walking trail in Jasper National Park," it said.
"More transparency in decision making is required."
Chris Floyd , Published: 16 February 2015 Hits: 4285
Ordinarily the death of an American hostage held by Islamic extremists is the occasion of bellicose, ballyhooed, bloody shirt-waving rage, stoked in tandem by government and media. It usually evokes widespread calls for retaliation, for taking the gloves off at last and exterminating the barbarians once and for all. Today, it almost always comes with its own hashtag, so that people can immediately identify themselves with the victim, who is seen invariably as a martyr for the goodness and specialness of America.
But it turns out that some victims are less special than others. In a time when the killing of French journalists whom no American had ever heard of, working at at magazine no American had ever heard of, brings forth a flood not just of sympathy but of direct, personal identification with the victims -- JeSuisCharlie! -- the death of a young American woman captured by ISIS has been remarkably muted. Where is the global flood of JeSuisKayla hashtags?
Not only has the death of 26-year-old Kayla Mueller failed to evoke the usual spasm of anger and grief -- it has actually been celebrated by some of America's most rock-ribbed, hardcore, give-no-quarter opponents of Islamic terrorism (which they broadly define as the merest expression of Islam in any form anywhere on earth). You would think our stalwart halal-haters would be the first to mourn the death of an honest-to-goodness real human being -- a white American! -- while she was in the grip of the most monstrous Muslimy monsters who ever lived.
(There are conflicting reports on how Mueller died; ISIS claims she was killed in a Jordanian airstrike on the building where she was being held; the official line is that ISIS killed her some time before, and was just using the airstrike claim for propaganda value. With conflicting claims from such noble and honest adversaries, it is of course hard to ascertain the truth of either claim. One may make the observation, however, that the historical record provides ample scope for skepticism of the "official line" in such matters, going all the way back to the Gulf of Tonkin, and beyond )
But however she died, it seems that Kayla Mueller forfeited her sacred American citizenship -- indeed, her very humanity -- by committing the heinous crime of … supporting Palestinian rights. That's all it took for her to be branded "a Jew-hating bitch." That's all it took for inveterate foes of the "savage barbarians" in the Middle East to tweet and trumpet their jubilation at her death. As Rania Khalek reports at The Electronic Intifada:
Mueller participated in nonviolent protests with Palestinians against Israeli home demolitions and walked Palestinian children to school to protect them from harassment by Jewish settlers — the kind of work [the International Solidarity Movement] is known for.
A serious malefactor indeed! Taking part in non-violent protests, walking children to school -- offenses surely worthy of death. Khalek continues:
American-born Rabbi Ben Packer shared Kaplan's op-ed on his Facebook page along with the comment, “All sympathy - GONE!!”
Packer, who served as the “Rabbi on Campus” at Duke University and the University of North Carolina (UNC) after a stint in the Israeli army, is currently “Supreme Commander” of “Heritage House,” a Jewish settlement in occupied East Jerusalem that provides lodging for Jewish tourists and “lone soldiers,” essentially foreign fighters recruited from abroad to participate in Israel's military occupation in Palestine.
Packer went on to respond enthusiastically to a friend who remarked that Islamic State should have burned Mueller alive like it did the captured Jordanian pilot Muath al-Kasassbeh.
In a blog post titled, “Dead ISIS Hostage Was Jew-Hating, Anti-Israel Bitch,” conservative blogger Debbie Schlussel calls Mueller “a Jew-hating, anti-Israel piece of crap who worked with HAMAS and helped Palestinians harass Israeli soldiers and block them from doing their job of keeping Islamic terrorists out of Israel.”
Schlussel concludes her post with the following farewell: “Buh-bye, Kayla. Have fun with your 72 Yasser Arafats.”
This is perhaps just par for the course, the kind of thing one would expect from -- in the scornful words of Atticus Finch -- "minds of that caliber." But Khalek notes that America's respectable mainstream media -- while certainly not glorying in Mueller's death -- went to great lengths to eradicate the reality of her life:
In a timeline of Mueller's humanitarian work, USA Today completely erased her work in Palestine, saying only that between 2010 and 2011, she worked in “Tel Aviv, Israel, volunteering at the African Refugee Development Center.”
Although a more in-depth USA Today article specified that Mueller worked with ISM for the Palestinian cause, the article claimed she did so in Israel, vaguely noting that Mueller “would walk to school with children in the morning and then make sure they returned home safely later in the day.”
Mueller escorted Palestinian children to school in Hebron in the occupied West Bank, not “Israel,” to protect them from violent Jewish settlers. Leaving out such crucial details obscures the reality of Israeli violence.
While some outlets shied away from emphasizing Mueller's Palestine activism, others framed her death as a consequence of it.
The liberal Israeli newspaper Haaretz implied that her involvement in Palestine led to her death with the headline, “US idealist Kayla Mueller's road to ISIS captivity went through West Bank.” The Washington Post seemed to agree, with an article titled, “How Kayla Mueller's pro-Palestinian activism led her to Syria.” …
Between the Zionist backlash against Mueller, the outlets erasing her Palestine activism and those using her death to advance their own agendas, there is one constant: Mueller's support for Palestinians against Israeli oppression is a taboo that must be ignored, obscured or ridiculed.
Same as it ever was. In death, as in life, certain people are accorded the full dignity and respect of personhood; others are stripped of their humanity and turned into lumps of meaningless meat whose lives and concerns don't matter.
In the memory of many people still living, this was precisely the treatment meted out to the Jews of Europe by the Germans (and many of their helpers, like Ukraine's Stepan Bandera, being celebrated today by America's allies). This was the treatment meted out to the Iraqi people, in the extraordinary 20-year American campaign to strangle their country to death, with sanctions that Washington itself admits killed half a million innocent children and a war of aggression that killed up to a million more people, and led directly to the depredations of ISIS and other extremists in the region.
This is the treatment meted out every single week by the White House death squads of the Peace Prize Prez, as they rain drone death on villages, houses and farms, killing women and children, killing the sick and elderly, killing masses of men who may or may not have behaved in a manner that a distant button-pusher looking through an electronic bug-eye in the sky believes might possibly be construed as the arbitrarily designated, insanely broad "signature" of someone who might possibly carry out some unspecified act of terrorism against an unspecified target at some unspecified location at some unspecified point in the future. For this alone, they and everyone in their proximity can be blown to pieces or burned to death by the defenders of civilization.
It's Hawaiian Independence Day tomorrow. November 28th marks the day in 1843 when Great Britain and France formally recognized the Hawaiian Kingdom as independent. Fast forward to today…college students across the island chain are seeking that same recognition. HPR's Ku‘uwehi Hiraishi reports.
College Recognizes Hawaiian Kingdom
For most college-bound students who are United States citizens, answering questions about citizenship on your college application is fairly simple. But for students at Hawaiʻi Community College or HCC in Hilo, Hawaiʻi, checking that box was a big deal.
“They didn't feel comfortable registering for school and having to check the American citizenship box, says Ku'ulei Kanahele, a Hawaiian language instructor at HCC.
She also sits on the Pūkoʻa Council, a University of Hawaiʻi system-wide organization promoting access and success for Native Hawaiian students.
“Being an American citizen is hard for a lot of native Hawaiians because of feeling like second-class citizens in our own ʻāina, in our own home,” says Kanahele, “So they came to the Council to express that. They wanted to designate themselves as citizens of the Hawaiian Kingdom.”
See, for many native Hawaiians, American colonization began with the overthrow of the Hawaiian Kingdom in 1893. Since then, the indigenous people of the Hawaiian Islands have struggled with a loss of land, language, and a sense of what it means to be a native Hawaiian.
“For some students I think it's continuing to allow America to hold that dominance over their identity,” says Kanahele.
Hilo students made their case and their cause made its way up the chain of command in the UH system. Partner Akiona, a Hawaiian Studies major in his second year at Kapiʻolani Community College in Kaimukī learned about the form at the beginning of his Fall semester.
“When I saw the form at KCC, I talked to students at UH Manoa, and students at UH Manoa had no idea this form existed,” says Akiona.
According to UH spokesman Dan Meizenzahl, the form was first made available in May of this year to all students in the UH system, upon request. So far, 17 students have declared their affiliation to the Hawaiian Kingdom. But there is some concern that such an affiliation could be met with political retribution particularly when it comes to financial aid.
“Because for a lot of our native Hawaiian students, they need the scholarship to go to school,” says Kanahele.
Meizenzahl confirmed this form does not equate to any declaration of citizenship, which would relegate students to “international student” status and have an impact on financial aid. Instead is simply a form of expression. Akiona is currently working on his form.
“I know a lot of people within the UH system are not much aware of it much less the weight that it holds for students as well as institutions but overall, as of right now, I believe it's a good thing, it's a step in the right direction,” says Akiona.
A step in the direction of lending further credibility to the restoration of the Hawaiian Kingdom, which for some native Hawaiians was never relinquished.
With the 2015 recruiting class in the books it's time to look ahead at what it means for the Texas Longhorns this coming season, specifically how the 28 newcomers impact the depth chart.
The class Charlie Strong put together in his first full recruiting cycle at Texas will account for one-third of the 2015 roster, a group Strong and his staff are still trying to turn over to get the program back on a winning path. Six of the 28 recruits are already on campus and several of them are in line to compete for starting jobs this spring.
Now that Texas has its class signed, sealed and delivered, here's how that group impacts the Longhorns in 2015.
Projecting the 2015 Texas Offense
A few things have happened since the last time we projected the depth chart. M.J. McFarland and Desmond Harrison are no longer with the program. McFarland chose to transfer to UTEP for his final season while Harrison didn't return for the spring semester.
Additionally, Darius James is doubtful for spring ball due to his late-season knee surgery. Jake Raulerson underwent arthroscopic knee surgery last month, but he's expected to participate in spring drills.
Depending on how drastic the shift in the offense is to a spread offense that incorporates more tempo and quarterback run game, Jerrod Heard could be very successful. At any rate, the general feeling is the staff wants Heard to step up and take the job, and if he does, one has to wonder whether or not Kai Locksley would have a chance to pass Tyrone Swoopes when he arrives.
More spread concepts, more tempo and more quarterback run game would seem to favor Locksley's skill set. If the staff feels like they've seen all they need to see from Swoopes to judge his talent level and Heard winds up taking the starting job for his own, the backup quarterback job could develop into an interesting storyline.
None of the running back signees are on campus for spring football, but the onus is on Donald Catalon D'Onta Foreman to show Tommie Robinson something this spring. Chris Warren will get carries as a true freshman, and the performance of Catalon and Foreman could determine what kind of chance Kirk Johnson and Tristian Houston get to compete for reps.
Andrew Beck and Blake Whiteley will get the whole spring to establish themselves at tight end. If everything is good with Devonaire Clarington and he makes it to campus, then he could have some serious catching up to do.
Injuries, attrition and an influx of new bodies are going to make for an extremely interesting offensive line situation this spring and summer. With the reports having been glowing regarding Connor Williams we've put the Coppell standout at the starting left tackle position for now with Brandon Hodges penciled in as the starting right tackle.
Raulerson could also claim a starting tackle spot, but his role could also be as the sixth man who serves as the first lineman off the bench capable of playing multiple positions.
Four wide receivers will arrive in the summer, so it could be a now-or-never situation for several receivers already on campus. Outside of Armanti Foreman there doesn't seem to be anyone who has done anything to establish themselves among the young guys, so moves need to be made in the next few months if they're going to happen.
Projecting the 2015 Texas Defense
The two injuries of note are the shoulder surgeries Derick Roberson and Chris Nelson had during the fall. No word has been given on their availability for spring football, but the fact that neither surgery was mentioned by the school should be taken as a positive sign, for now.
Nothing has changed on the defensive line since our last projection. The Quincy Vasser vs. Shiro Davis battle should be one of the better ones during the spring. Charles Omenihu won't arrive until the summer and he'll compete at the Fox position behind Naasahon Hughes and two players (Roberson and Caleb Bluiett) who are coming off of surgeries.
Things have shifted at linebacker where Malik Jefferson is still projected to start at the Will, with Peter Jinkens at the Sam and Dalton Santos at the Mike, but the wild card is Edwin Freeman. The 2014 signee worked at Sam linebacker during the fall and he figures to be the fourth linebacker this spring. At 220 pounds, he could play any of the three linebacker positions.
Texas lost two commitments and picked up three others in the secondary since our last update. We've got Holton Hill projected as the starter at one corner, Kris Boyd as the backup at the other spot with P.J. Locke projected to be in the two-deep at safety.
The nickelback position will be the most intriguing to watch as Jason Hall could wind up being the guy initially, but Locke and Boyd have the type of skill sets to play that spot. Will the coaches throw a true freshman into that critical spot on defense?
But police officials in other cities said dramatic improvements in semiautomatic pistols manufactured by other companies have made the Glock a poor choice for everyday police work. "The science and the art of semiautomatics has come a long way in the last five years," said James Pledger, chief of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Firearms Training Unit in Quantico, Va.
The Glock was the only semiautomatic to fail in a recent round of "drop tests," Mr. Pledger said. In those tests, guns were dropped to the floor from waist height to see if the impact caused them to fire.
"In many cases, the Glock pistols will not pass the drop test," he said. "If you drop it exactly right, it can go off."
The F.B.I., police departments in Los Angeles and Chicago, the California Highway Patrol and the Metro-Dade Police Department in Florida have banned Glocks for routine use by their officers, citing a range of safety and training problems. All these departments have selected other brands of semiautomatics instead. The Philadelphia Police Department has been testing Glocks for several years and has not reached a conclusion about their safety.
New York's own pilot program has produced the types of accidental shootings that have prompted other departments to ban Glocks.
In an incident in May 1991, an officer from the Firearms and Tactics Section was playing a shuffleboard game in a bar when he bent down to pick up the puck and his Glock fell out of its holster, according to a Police Department report. The gun glanced against the side of the game and discharged as the officer tried to grab it. The bullet struck another officer in the thigh. Accidental Firing
In October 1990, in an incident unrelated to the pilot program, an officer pulled the trigger on his Glock while cleaning it in his bedroom and accidentally fired a bullet. He was not authorized to carry a Glock and had not been trained in its use.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Glock was chosen for the New York test because it was the best semiautomatic available at the time, said Deputy Inspector John C. Cerar, commanding officer of the Firearms and Tactics Section. He said he opposes the use of semiautomatics, but would recommend the Glock for general police use if the department is forced to allow semiautomatics.
Inspector Cerar said the department was relatively happy with the performance of the Glock, which is used by some New York City Transit Authority Police officers. He said the gun seemed to perform as well as other brands of semiautomatics. All semiautomatics have problems, he said, but with proper training, officers should have no more trouble with Glocks than with other brands.
"Every one of them, I believe, have features that will lead to more accidental discharges than revolvers," Inspector Cerar said. He acknowledged that other manufacturers have significantly improved their semiautomatics since the Glock was selected, but added, "Glock had a great idea before everybody else did."
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
One of the Glock's most troubling features, in the view of some, is the necessity of pulling the trigger in order to dismantle the weapon for cleaning. No other major brand of semiautomatic requires a trigger pull for cleaning. That feature can lead to unintentional firing, as it apparently did in the 1990 incident in New York. Costly Training
"That's a negative as far as we're concerned, a significant negative," said Mr. Pledger of the F.B.I. Such problems can be overcome with training, but extra training can be too costly for many public agencies, he said, adding that the Glock requires more instruction than other semiautomatics because of its different weight, feel and safety mechanisms.
The F.B.I. has been reviewing the Glock to determine whether it should be authorized for off-duty use. No decision has been yet.
"I'm reluctant to spend the agency's money just to add another gun to the inventory," Mr. Pledger said. "We have plenty of good semiautomatics."
The F.B.I. decided against authorizing Glocks about five years ago, after preliminary tests showed that the gun's light trigger pull and short trigger travel made it "too easy for someone to have an accidental discharge," Mr. Pledger said. Agents are allowed to carry two other brands of semiautomatics -- the SIG-Sauer and the Smith & Wesson.
Glock, an Austrian company, began producing guns in the early 1980's, when the company's founder, Gaston Glock, designed his first pistol, the semiautomatic, and won a contract to produce it for the Austrian military. Streamlined Design
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The pistol, made partly of a tough plastic material, was light and easy to fire. Its streamlined design and lack of external safety catches enable a user to cock and fire it with a simple pull of the trigger, much like the action of the police revolver.
The company began aggressively marketing the pistol in the United States in 1985 and quickly won the approval of a number of police departments. In addition to the New York City Transit Police Department -- where officials say they are happy with the weapon -- police departments in Miami and Washington, and dozens of other law-enforcement agencies have authorized the Glock.
Karl Walter, an executive at Glock, said numerous modifications have been made in the gun in recent years, including increasing the trigger tension to provide a heavier trigger pull, a change made to satisfy New York agencies.
Perhaps the Glock's most vocal critic is Richard W. Chenow, a firearms examiner for the Chicago Police Department who has been evaluating the Glock for three years.
The gun's short trigger travel "is what makes the gun dangerous," he said. The standard revolver and the newest generation of semiautomatics can be fired only by exerting a constant heavy pressure on the trigger for the entire distance that the trigger moves, Mr. Chenow said.
The Glock trigger, however, has a substantial amount of slack before it reaches a point of resistance. From that point to the point where when the gun fires is about an eighth of an inch, making it nearly impossible to pull back from firing, Mr. Chenow said.
Police union officials in New York, who have brought the issue of semiautomatics to a head in recent weeks, said they do not care which brand of semiautomatic is authorized, as long as at least one is allowed.
"We're not actually pushing a product," said Phil Caruso, president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association. "We're pushing the concept of a high-tech gun." Any brand is acceptable, he said, "as long as it provides us with the fire power we need."
CONTEST OVERVIEW:
Welcome to High Art 2019! This year's theme is TECHNOLOGY.
Using cannabis as your muse, your mission is to create an incredible work of art, something worthy of this year's grand prize worth $25,000!
High Art is the only international art contest dedicated to celebrating cannabis and creativity. The contest is open to all artists, in all countries and of all experience levels!
Submit your original artwork and show us what TECHNOLOGY means to you!
All entries must adhere to the spirit and theme of the competition.
The Natural Cannabis Company and High Art panel reserve the right to reject any entries with objectional content.
SUBMISSIONS BEGIN: February 20, 2019, Midnight Pacific Standard Time
SUBMISSION DEADLINE: March 20, 2019, Midnight Pacific Standard Time.
Notice:
Once your submission has been received, you will receive confirmation of your entry on our website.
Online voting for the Crowd Favorite award begins as soon as entries are posted on our website.
The top 30 High Art finalists will be selected and appear online March 30th – April 15th, 2019.
All winners will see their art featured at the High Art Gallery in Santa Rosa, California and worldwide at select art and cultural events. Additionally, winning images will be displayed on The Natural Cannabis Company's exclusive High Art packaging, promotional materials and social media.
GENERAL RULES FOR ENTRY:
Must be 18+ to enter.
Only original artwork may be submitted. Any type of plagiarism of another artist's work will result in immediate disqualification and bad karma.
Artwork previously entered in High Art or other major art competitions will be disqualified.
Each submission must include name of creator and title of work. (Name – Title.jpg.)
Each entry must include a brief description of the image as well as a short artist bio (350 words or fewer).
The Natural Cannabis Company shall have the right to display and reproduce accepted work for promotional purposes, regardless of future ownership, in
both printed and electronic form.
The Natural Cannabis Company has the sole right to refuse any submission deemed inappropriate.
Submission of multiple original works are allowed. Each submission must be unique and adhere to contest guidelines.
Contest is open internationally to all artists in all countries and of all experience levels from amateur to professional.
You MUST be able to provide a valid email address linked to a valid PAYPAL account to receive any prize money or compensation.
All cash prizes are paid in US Dollars.
RULES OF ENTRY
Submitted artwork may be created in a variety of mediums including but not limited to: paint (watercolor, oil, acrylic, gouache etc.), pen or pencil (charcoal, lithography etc.), digital design (Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketchbook etc.), mixed media (collage, creative materials etc.).
Submission file names MUST follow the format: LastName-Title.jpg
Artists must submit a 1301 wide x 1733 tall .jpg (resolution of 72 DPI) digital file to enter.
Artists must submit a digital file (18” wide x 24” tall @ 150dpi .jpg) of their artwork if chosen as a finalist.
JPG compression quality of 12 (or the highest quality setting)
HOW TO ENTER:
Use this very simple template to build or paste your artwork in. TEMPLATE DOWNLOAD
Enter the contest on this page beginning February 20, 2019.
Upload your image in the form provided. Follow each step closely.
FILE NAME GUIDELINES:
Print and Photo submission file names MUST follow the format: LastName-Title.jpg
Please fill out the entire form and load your image before sending the upload. If the submitted images are not sized properly, your submission may be disqualified.
The file name may not include special characters such as #, $, &, periods or similar characters.
File names may not exceed 40 characters.
ARTIST BIOGRAPHY:
When submitting your entries, we require that you provide a short bio (350 words or fewer). Tell us a little bit about yourself; your artistic training, artistic inspiration, media choice, any special techniques used or anything you want the world to know about you. You may also include your website URL and social media links.
NOTE: All entrants will be judged on their entire submission packet, including the artist biography. Submissions accompanied by clear, complete bios will be rated higher than those with missing or incomplete information.
ACCEPTANCE NOTIFICATION:
Every submission that is correctly entered will receive an immediate notification on the same submission page.
JUDGING:
Judging will be conducted by a diverse panel of international artists and accomplished individuals in professional and academic fields.
The High Art competition gives artists a unique platform to express their vision of “Technology.”
Submissions will be judged on adherence to theme; whether they are creative, inspiring, provocative, or thought-provoking; as well as artistic and creative merit.
The artwork submitted to the competition will be judged based on the following elements of artistic expression:
Interpretation and the clarity of the theme to the viewer.
Creativity and originality in the depiction of the theme.
Artistic composition and overall design.
Overall impression of the art. What is the effect of the artwork in general and as a whole? Overall, does the artwork stand on its own as a complete and outstanding work of art?
AWARDS:
20 artists will be selected to receive cash prizes.
10 artists will receive special recognition, plus one Crowd Favorite work will be selected by online popular vote.
Grand Prize: $15,000 USD + a $10,000 donation on your behalf to a top international charitable organization.*
Winning pieces will be seen by an international audience. The winning entries will be featured at the High Art gallery in Santa Rosa, California and on the High Art online art gallery featured on NaturalCannabis.com for one year and then remain in the gallery's archives. Featured artists will gain exposure to an international audience, enhance their portfolio and increase traffic and links to their own websites or online portfolios. High Art promotes winning artists via product packaging, posters, email, online press releases, online event promotions and social media marketing, as well as through exhibits and displays at prestigious international art and culture events.
*Winning artist may select recipient from a list of top-rated international charitable organizations provided by the High Art panel.
DISCLAIMERS:
Each artist warrants that he or she has obtained all necessary releases from models and other subjects featured in the works of art and any additional releases required with respect to names, trademarks, designs or works of art depicted in the submitted work of art and that the creation, display or distribution of the work of art will not violate any United States law.
Each artist warrants that he or she alone created the submitted work of art or if there are collaborators, they are named. Plagiarism will result in immediate disqualification. All works are checked for copyrighted and plagiarized materials.
Entries must be original works of art and not copies, derivatives or based in any way on other copyrighted or published works of art.
We will accept appropriated images as long as the original creator is acknowledged and credited and your methodology is explained.
Do not send images of your artwork which have been framed or contain watermarks.
High Art may color correct your images in order to enhance the overall presentation. High Art may crop your images for formatting purposes for use in packaging, promotional materials or other High Art presentations and for other areas of our website.
Artist agrees and understands that by submitting their artwork to High Art that they are opting into the High Art subscription email list and will receive future email announcements and notices from us. If you would like to be removed from this list, just click on the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of the email and we will remove you immediately.
Submissions of an entry to this competition imply acceptance of all above-stated conditions.
The "Legend of Korra" spin-off movie may not be confirmed as of the moment, but fans and followers of the series are exploring on the possible plots that could potentially be the basis of a spin-off movie.
One of the possible plots that are being petitioned to be explored on the movie spin-off of the Avatar cartoon series is the relationship between Korra and Asami. After the monumental conclusion of the Nickelodeon series, it was established by the creators of the series that Korra and Asami really entered into a bisexual relationship.
This is one big step for the American version of the animated series, though it was implied subtly in this version compared to its equivalent Japanese animation. This event opens a lot of possibilities for the movie spin-off of the "Legend of Korra" and would definitely become a revolutionary project if ever this plot would be considered for the movie.
A petition was even written by one of the avid fans of the series on Ipetitions.com. The anonymous petitioner was wondering if it is possible to explore the unlikely relationship Korra has with Asami on a different level - A Netflix produced online movie. A mature audience would most likely be the patrons of the movie online.
Unfortunately, the petition only managed to get a few responses from fans. Paramount and Nickelodeon seem to be exploring the possibilities on an Avatar movie spin-off in the cinemas and not only. A cartoon movie would also most likely be the plan for the movie after the failed attempt of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" movie in the box-office.
Paramount and Netflix can definitely explore a wide variety of storylines for the movie-spinoff if they finally decide to create a film from the well-supported TV series. Books One to Four of the "Legend of Korra" television series already offer a vast source of potentially remarkable plotlines for the spin-off movie. Rumors of a 2016 release for the movie spin-off of the "Legend of Korra" have been constantly reported in the past few months.
Some played together in college, others may have played on the same professional teams, but Thursday evening those friendships get pushed aside as Canada once again tries to beat the United States in women's soccer.
It's something the Canadians haven't managed since 2001 but this time they'll have a home crowd edging close to 30,000 to cheer them on at Investors Group Field, the home of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
"It's a game that Canada won't dominate," Canadian coach John Herdman said Wednesday after their final practice before the game.
"We're not going to have 700 shots and 700 crosses, so the fans have got to be ready to really get behind us when we need [them]. We know these games are always tough tight games, hopefully."
In club and varsity soccer, Canadians and Americans play side-by-side. Canadian captain Christine Sinclair, for example, is an attack partner of American star Alex Morgan on Portland Thorns FC of the National Women's Soccer League.
But internationally it's a different story as the neighbouring countries have developed a strong rivalry. Canada is ranked seventh in the world in women's soccer and the U.S. sits at No. 1, but American midfielder Lauren Holiday suggests those numbers don't necessarily reflect the way things play out on the field.
"Every game is such a battle, you never know who's going to win," says Holiday. "Every time we play them it's such a fierce competition that … anything can happen."
The rivalry intensified after Canada's semifinal loss to the United States at the last Olympics. The U.S. team went on to win gold but Canada won the bronze medal, an event which has meant a lot for women's soccer.
Herdman says the country now needs to do more capitalize on the strong base of players now developing across Canada.
"We've got the third largest playing population in the world and we can't produce a consistent podium team."
He says there are 350,000 girls playing soccer in Canada, compared with just 30,000 in perennial contender Japan.
This game is just a friendly but it will give both national teams another chance to see how they stack up against a top tier opponent prior to next year's Women's World Cup.
And while Canada won't be playing there, the U.S. team might end up playing in Winnipeg, one of the venues for the 2015 event also being held in Vancouver, Edmonton, Ottawa, Montreal and Moncton.
Herdman also said jokingly that this game is basically dedicated to midfielder Desiree Scott, a Winnipeg native who joined him at the final pre-game news conference. She will be playing live in front of her family for the first time in her national team career.
"I think it's going to be the Desi Scott show tomorrow," said Herdman. "I think the whole of Manitoba's going to come and see her in action…
"It's a proud moment for the team. We've all got a massive smile on our face cause the local girl gets to come home. Can you imagine playing in front of your mom and your family for the first time, no pressure Des."
Scott likes the buzz.
"I'm just trying to thrive off the excitement of playing at home," said Scott, nicknamed "The Destroyer."
"And being in front of my family and friends, I think it will definitely give me that energy."
For both Herdman and interim head U.S. coach Jill Ellis, this is very much about preparing for the World Cup.
"I think for our players it's just a great opportunity to play against a quality opponent," said Ellis, U.S. Soccer's director of development who took over when Tom Sermanni was fired last month.
"I'm just hoping the crowd now will get a real sense of what's coming in 2015," said Herdman.
"This country will stop at some point. This team will make the country stop and everyone will tune in. It's just going to be an amazing experience for women's sport."
The 24-year-old was named as Mario Garcia Montealegre from the town of Talavera de la Reina in Toledo province on Wednesday.
He was identified by police after a videoclip of the assault was posted on social networks "for a laugh".
In it, Montealegre can be seen counting down on with his fingers before he runs up and kicks the ankle of an unsuspected woman as she waits at a pedestrian crossing on Barcelona's Avenida Diagonal
The woman, who is wearing heels and has her back to the camera, drops to the pavement as her foot is kicked out from beneath her. The sound of giggling can be heard from behind the camera.
The woman, who has not been named but is said by the Catalan regional police force to be 48-years-old, reported the incident to police and they launched a public campaign to trace the culprit.
"Help us catch this son a bitch who thinks it is funny to attack innocent people," said the spokesman for the Mossos d'Esquadra in YouTube clip urging people to come forward and identify the prankster.
Teniu info sobre aquest incident a diagonal #Barcelona? Poseu-vos en contacte amb qualsevol comissaria de #Mossos pic.twitter.com/Baaz6qkUQZ — Mossos. Generalitat (@mossoscat) February 27, 2015
Montealegre turned himself into his local police station on Wednesday and is facing charges for assault.
FIFA's Disciplinary Committee has imposed sanctions on several clubs for breaches relating to third-party influence and/or third-party ownership of players' economic rights (TPO).
The ban on third-party influence, which is set out in article 18bis of the Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players (the “Regulations”), has been in place since 1 January 2008, while amendments to art. 18bis and the ban on TPO, covered by article 18ter, came into force on 1 May 2015.
The sanctions relate to the following cases:
Santos Futebol Clube of Brazil was sanctioned with a fine of CHF 75,000, a warning and a reprimand for breaching art. 18bis (2008 edition), as well as annexe 3 of the Regulations. The club was found to be liable for entering into contracts that enabled third parties to influence the club's independence in employment and transfer-related matters, failing to declare mandatory information in the International Transfer Matching System (ITMS) and failing to cooperate with an investigation conducted by FIFA TMS.
Sevilla FC of Spain was sanctioned with a fine of CHF 55,000, a warning for breaching art. 18bis (2012 edition), as well as annexe 3 of the Regulations. The club was found to be liable for entering into contracts that enabled a third party to influence the club's independence in employment and transfer-related matters and failing to enter mandatory information into ITMS.
Club K St Truidense VV of Belgium was sanctioned with a fine of CHF 60,000, a warning and a reprimand for breaching art. 18bis and art. 18ter par. 1 (2015 edition) of the Regulations. The club was found to be liable for entering into contracts that enabled a third party to influence the club's independence in employment and transfer-related matters and entering into an agreement that assigns rights to a third party in relation to the future transfer of a player.
Club FC Twente of the Netherlands was sanctioned with a fine of CHF 185,000, a warning and a reprimand for breaching art. 18bis (2012 edition), art. 18ter par. 5 (2015 edition) as well as annexe 3 of the Regulations. The club was found to be liable for entering into contracts that enabled a third party to influence the club in employment and transfer-related matters, failing to upload a TPO agreement into the library in TMS, breaching confidentiality rules and failing to declare mandatory information in ITMS.
The relevant parties have been duly notified of the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decisions.
Further information on TPO is available via the links below.
TPO Background Document
TPO FAQ
This is just a hunch, but one that seems plausible…
In the late nineteenth century, F. D. Maurice boldly claimed that “Christianity was the only foundation of socialism, and a true Socialism was the necessary result of sound Christianity.” Following in Maurice's wake the Christian Socialist Union claimed, “Christianity is the religion of which Socialism is the practice.” At the height of the movement stood a long and prestigious line of visionary theologians and priests, including J.M. Ludlow, Charles Kingsley, Stewart Headlam, Conrad Noel and Archbishop William Temple, to name just a few. The heart of their social program, if it could even be described as such, had always been the Blessed Trinity. It was “the key to socialism, to eternal life, to the unity of the human race, and to the secret of man's being.”[1]
For various reasons, however, the political movement began to wane in the middle of the twentieth century. Some of the more convincing arguments as to why are the following. According to Darryl M. Jordan, the successful welfare reforms of the post WWII era marked some notable achievements for Anglo-Catholic Socialists. Now that economic achievements were met in part, the movement was on to new causes, such as gender issues and equality. Gary Dorrien takes this claim further. He argues that what really undid a genuine Christian social movement was rise of a voracious capitalism, inculcating western politics into an agnostic market logic and subservience. Moreover, Christian social thinkers were concerned to distance themselves from state-centered versions of socialism and opted to trade under the banner of “economic democracy” rather than “socialism,” which reeked too much of centralized bureaucracy. Bethany Kilcrease, in her paper, “The Mass and the Masses,” argues that in forgoing an alliance with trade unions, the Anglo-Catholics Socialists lost an opportunity to engage British Labor and were soon regulated to a theological ghetto. Although far from conclusive, this brief snapshot does highlight some notable trends within the movement of Anglo-Catholic Socialism.
One trend in particular that stands out is the slow but steady erasure of a theological account of the “social.” Maybe the state had assumed responsibility over social services; perhaps the market had so redefined human relationships that the entire concept of the social was reduced to nominalism (e.g. “there is no such thing as society”). Either way, once a substantial account of the social was left to the wayside, something peculiar took its place. A strange form of political economy emerged. It consisted of an aggregate of isolated individuals competing for rights meted out by what Dorothy Day aptly named, “Holy Mother the State.” Rather than engaging in discussions about the common Good and the order of a common life, the question of individual preferences and how to competitively actualize these preferences in the market, became the political mainstay. The responsibility of authority, rather than having been tasked to cultivate virtue and exemplary lives, was regulated to ensuring that everyone gets their fair share.
It appears then that the original radicalism of the Anglo-Catholic Socialists had dissolved into the very force it once proudly opposed: the agnosticism of market logic. As the communion structure or centering upon the corpus mysticum was eclipsed, genuine vestiges of the social were lost. As no longer having access to the language and debates about the common Good, the Christian Socialist Left, or what remained, contented itself to the pre-established debates about individual preferences and rights mediated through the supposedly neutral space of the market. Bogged down in the mire of “culture wars” and identity politics, it thereby forgot how to ask questions about substantive justice and the just distribution of goods, which, of course, entails a sense of hierarchy. In order to recover the radicalism of this tradition, Anglo-Catholic Socialists will need to recover the primary of the social.
Why, in marked contrast to the dominant discourse of today, were the Anglo-Catholic Socialists not swayed by cult of preference or ‘free expression?' What allowed them to maintain the language of the Common Good and priority of the Social? One reason might be that for the Anglo-Catholic Socialists, the enemy has always been liberalism – whether through the state or market. From the original Slum Priests, to Kenneth Leech, Rowan Williams, Alasdair MacIntyre, Radical Orthodoxy, Anabaptist and even certain strands of Reformed Theology, the message has been consistent: continued appeals to the ‘right' of self-expression only to serve to further underwrite the liberalism of market capitalism.
Moreover, the Anglo-Catholics Socialist rejected Liberalism not because it was seen as progressive or liberal, but because it was anything but. As John Milbank states,
Liberalism is peculiar and unlikely because it proceeds by inventing a wholly artificial human being who has never really existed, and then pretending that we are all instances of such a species. This is the pure individual, thought of in abstraction from his or her gender, birth, associations, beliefs and also, crucially, in equal abstraction from the religious or philosophical beliefs of the observer of this individual as to whether he is a creature made by God, or only material, or naturally evolved and so forth. Such an individual is not only asocial, he is also apyschological; his soul is in every way unspecified. To this blank entity one attaches ‘rights'… The pure individual will, as Rousseau and Kant finally concluded, is rather the possessor of a free will. Not a will determined to a good or even open to choosing this or that, but a will to will.[1]
Such a will, sundered from any teleological ends or moral order, doesn't do anything but will capricious preferences. As such, it simply mirrors and so reinforces the anarchy of the market. As this new concept of the will rose to ascendancy, the Trinity and the “natural desire for the supernatural” was quietly being nudged to the wayside.
How then to recover a sense of the social and common Good? As Milbank states, the pre-Marxist socialist were committed to a positive form of freedom that participated in the pursuit of the common good rather than being mired in an endless pursuit of negative freedom of choice.[3] In other words, the common Good and individual choices were not pitted against one another. The early Christian Socialists recognized that freedom is only freedom in Common.
But perhaps this is still too abstract. And what would it look like if Anglo-Catholic Socialism were to return to a sense of the priority of the social? Further, how can we even begin to conceive of positive freedom?
In the face of the vacuity of the market, the Anglo-Catholic Socialist offered the sociality of the liturgy. Kenneth Leech's “sacramental socialism” sought to recover the liturgy as “the weekly meeting of rebels against a Mammon-worshiping world order.” According to Leech, “the Sacraments become freak events in a world which runs on quite different rules.” Here, the world is challenged rather than merely accommodated. Leech goes on to state:
Transformation occurs only in the liturgy and not in the world, there bread and wine remain hoarded, but not offered, concentrated and not broken, maldistributed and not shared. The Eucharist becomes a freak, a contradiction of social reality, instead of a pointer to how reality should be reshaped. If we then go back to read the early Christian Fathers we find how far we have come from their understanding. St. John Chrysostom draws the closest connection between the real presence of Christ in the Blessed Sacrament and his real presence in the poor and oppressed. We need to recover this connection between the Sacraments and the structures of the world, and to take seriously the social and political consequences of being one body in Christ.[4]
To faithfully imbue “the social and political consequences of being one body in Christ” and to see Christ's “real presence in the poor and the oppressed” is the very sense of communal or Eucharistic body politics that we've lost. Perhaps this is because questions of real presence have been regulated, like most ‘spiritual' concepts, to a theological ghetto, no longer speaking to the world; perhaps a substantial sense of the body of Christ has come to be regarded in strictly voluntarist terms; or maybe this high minded sacramentalism is just not pragmatic enough for most. However, Maurice Reckett noted something profound about the experience of the liturgy among the poor:
The worship of God in which they joined was, by the violent contrast to all else in their lives, at once a vindication of the other-worldliness of their faith and an implicit condemnation of the filthy environment amid which the social sin of an acquisitive and complacent ruling class had condemned them to live. So regarded, the ritual, which mainly centered round the Presence of our Lord amid surroundings more hostile than those of his very Nativity itself, was not ‘empty' but full of a profound significance; not ‘meaningless' but clamoring for an interpretation even more far-reaching than most of those who practiced it knew how to provide.
This is a voice we do well to hear today. Anglo-Catholicism has always held to the crude materiality of sacrament and incarnation. Sacraments, like the incarnation, are messy and full of contradictions. Yet at the end of the day they are social events enacting the very Body and Blood of Christ, here and now.
In many ways then, we are in need of a spiritual recovery so as to regain the primacy of the social (especially so within ECUSA!). As Archbishop Michael Ramsey one said, a common sociality and renewal focused on Christ's Body and Passion “can never move faster than the recovery of inward life.”[5] And Anglo-Catholic Socialism has always, at its best, linked the liturgical with social action. A spiritual recovery is echoed in the response that St. John the Baptist gave the crowd. They asked him, “what then shall we do? And he answered them, ‘He who has two coats, let him grant a share with him who has none; and he who has food, let him do likewise'” (Luke 3:10f.). This seems as good a starting point as any.
[1] Arthur Michael Ramsey, F.D. Maurice and the Conflicts of Modern Theology, 57. [2] Milbank, “The Gift of Ruling,” 213. [3] Milbank, “On Baseless Suspicion,” in The Future of Love, 120. [4] Leech, Prayer and Prophecy, 238. [5] Archbishop Michael Ramsey, The Gospel and the Catholic Church, 190.
Advertisements
Ever wonder what a successful marriage looks like? Well, according to José-Manuel Rey of the Complutense University in Spain, it looks something like this:
Rey has identified a number of variables which, if calculated together, seem to predict why some marriages last and others fail. He has published his work in the journal PLOS ONE.
The formula is based on something called the second law of thermodynamics for sentimental relationships. In physics, the second law of thermodynamics states that in any closed energy system, order will gradually deteriorate into disorder (as entropy) over time. The second law as applied to relationships works under a similar principle: that relationships tend to deteriorate over time unless effort is consistently introduced to sustain them. In other words, love isn't enough. Relationships take effort. And, according to Rey, relationships can be put on predictable trajectories when levels of effort are properly quantified.
The purpose of the formula is to deal with an omnipresent concern in most western societies: high divorce rates. Divorce isn't just stressful for those involved, but it also poses a dilemma for sociologists and therapists looking to diagnose the problem. Of course, some failed marriages seem easy to predict from the beginning: the couple was too young, they married too quick, they had opposing values, etc. But Rey isn't concerned with these kinds of failed marriages. His formula is more ambitious than that. He aims to predict why divorce still happens among seemingly stable marriages, when both partners have similar emotional attributes.
In other words, marriage is difficult to maintain even for those who have the best of intentions. This is what marriage researchers occasionally refer to as the failure paradox. Rey has identified some key variables that help to predict the outcome even in these situations.
Basically, all relationships have something called an effort gap. According to Rey, "a remarkable finding of the model is that the level of effort which keeps a happy relationship going is always greater than the effort level that would be chosen optimally a priori [or logically]." The effort gap is therefore the difference between these two levels of effort.
Instability is commonly introduced into a relationship through the effort gap, mainly because putting out the extra effort on a consistent basis isn't typically much fun. (That's what makes it an effort.) So whether a relationship can be maintained depends in large part on whether the effort gap is tolerable or not. If it's not, then even well-intentioned couples will begin to feel worn out and the relationship trajectory will rapidly deteriorate.
Rey's research inserts each of these factors into a number of equations and charts, which you can view at his article linked above.
So what does all of this mean about the odds of your relationship lasting? Well, it means what you probably already knew: it's complicated. The good news for marriage counselors is that they're unlikely to be replaced by calculators anytime soon. The research, while fascinating, still has a lot more to assess.
The method offers more insight to sociologists, who are burdened with having to explain complicated phenomena such as divorce rates, than it does to lovers contemplating marriage. But the findings do reinforce a cold fact that lovers would do well to remember: when it comes to relationships, love alone isn't enough. Relationships are destined to deteriorate without effort.
Mathematical formula predicts if your marriage will last
Can math quantify all the complexities of your relationship and predict whether it will last? One researcher thinks he has found the equation.
Popular Afrocentric Jewelry Label Rachel Stewart Shutting Down Due to Chinese Plagiarism
If you're a black woman who is active on social media you've likely come across Rachel Stewart's designs. The talented 42‐year‐old, North Carolina based designer churns out unique and incredibly cool black‐centric pieces under her eponymous label Rachel Stewart Jewelry.
Countless women have purchased her jewelry, including actress Kim Coles, singer Nelly Furtado and Beyonce's all female band, the Suga Mamas. But this is likely all coming to an end this year.
The designer put up a Facebook post (which has since been taken down) with an image of her design on a Chinese e‐commerce site and a caption explaining how the plagiarism was negatively impacting her bottom line and leading her to shut down. The post went viral and Rachel followed up with an interview with Yesha Callahan of the Root to give further detail;
The Root: Can you go into a few details about how you find your items on Alibaba and AlieExpress? Rachel Stewart: I was alerted to it by someone else, I know that sites like these are a hotbed for knock offs of everything you can imagine. They not only copied the exact design, but stole the product shots I personally took of the pieces and even the models. The Root: Have you contacted these companies? Rachel Stewart: Yes, the first time I contact one particular seller she said that someone sent her a picture of my earrings and asked her to make them, of course they don't care who it belongs too so she made it, sold it to the the American boutique and also kept it in her own shop overseas. She also apologized and pretended that she was so sorry for everything. She said if I didn't take legal action she would remove them from her shop right away and make them for me exclusively. I thought that was funny. I produce my own product — just take down my work. She took them down and one week later changed the name of her shop and put them right back up. It's not just these companies; independant boutiques also steal my pictures and work it's rampant. TR: What other actions do you think can be taken? RS: There are many things you can do, but what I'm most concerned about is prevention. I can copyright, watermark, send cease and desist letters all day long, it doesn't stop it. For every shop you successfully take down there are 5 more still operating. It's an almost impossible task. Imagine Michael Jordan or Louis Vuitton trying to stop reproductions, they can't, there's a demand and millions to be made.
Rachel went on to explain that the stress of dealing with constant plagiarism is just too much, and she will likely walk away from her business;
The first 5 years were great, I made enough profit to remain a stay at home mom, but as my popularity increased so did the the copy cats. It went from once or twice a year to every week I'm getting emails about some Instagram boutique or event vendor selling my jewelry. I'm a seller but also a consumer so I understand the desire to get a deal on an item you see online, I do it too, so when someone sees my work for less than half than my price who do you think is gonna get paid? Whether the buyer knows it's a knock‐off or not the fact is I make no money. TR: Do you think you'll have to eventually close your online store? RS: I think I will. At the end of the day I need to make money to support my family and if that's not happening I won't let my pride stop me from doing what I need to do. I'm still an an artist, still a creative, still a maker that won't change.
This is a disappointment and a shame. Ladies, do you have any advice for how Rachel can keep her shop going?
The New Mexico Film Office touts its production incentives at a conference hosted by the Association of Film Commissioners International in Burbank, California, U.S. on April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Lisa Richwine
By Lisa Richwine
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - This summer's biggest-budget films have everything moviegoers have come to expect from Hollywood blockbusters: superheroes, pirates, space aliens. But in the truest sense of the term, none of them is a Hollywood movie.
Despite a major effort by Los Angeles over the last two years to lure film production back to where it started, producers continue to make big-budget movies elsewhere, saying they get better tax breaks and subsidies outside of Hollywood.
As a result, the summer's movies come from all over the globe. Warner Bros. filmed "Wonder Woman" and "King Arthur" in Britain, where the Time Warner Inc studio owns a large production space. Twenty-First Century Fox Inc's movie studio chose Australia for "Alien: Covenant." Walt Disney Co's Marvel Studios rolled its cameras in Georgia for "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2," one of six superhero movies it has filmed near Atlanta.
"The support we get in Georgia is tremendous," Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige said in an interview. "We're certainly doing many of our biggest films there well through this year and into next year."
Twenty-five years ago, most big-budget films were filmed primarily in Los Angeles. Since then, to lure production, locations across the United States and around the globe have begun offering tax credits or rebates of up to 40 percent of local production spending, a sizable savings on action films that cost up to $250 million to make.
Thirty-two U.S. states and dozens of foreign countries now offer tax credits or rebates, plus other benefits such as waivers of permit fees.
Along with subsidies, the small, former Soviet country of Georgia offers another perk to filmmakers.
"We have many derelicts, abandoned small villages or factories. They are mostly state-owned still, and you can easily just blow (them) up," said Sophio Bendiashvili, head of the country's film rebate program, at a conference last month hosted by the Association of Film Commissioners International.
In most cases, neither studios nor the filming locations will disclose specific details of subsidies granted, but executives acknowledge that they are a key factor in deciding where to film.
The economic value of subsidies for the locations offering them remains under debate. Proponents argue they attract jobs and spending that outweigh their costs, while critics say the benefits are overstated and the incentives divert taxpayer money from other needs. Some states that used to offer subsidies, including Michigan and Louisiana, have stopped doing so or pared them back substantially.
Still, California decided in 2014 to sweeten its own subsidies in an attempt to lure production back. The results have been mixed. Many more television shows are now being filmed in the state, but it still struggles to attract the mega-budget action movies that hit screens from May through the U.S. Labor Day holiday in early September.
One of Hollywood's biggest stars, actor and producer Dwayne Johnson, moved his HBO TV series "Ballers" from Miami to the Los Angeles area after securing a California tax break. Johnson said he would like to film his big movies there, too.
"On the TV side, the incentives are fantastic," Johnson said in an interview. "On the film side, there is a lot of room for improvement."
Johnson's upcoming movie for Paramount Pictures, a remake of the TV show "Baywatch" about California lifeguards, was filmed on Tybee Island, Georgia, with help from tax credits.
Hollywood used to have a firm grip on film production because of its infrastructure, which includes numerous sound stages as well as specialized equipment and a large network of experienced crew members, actors and extras.
Increasingly, other locations such as the state of Georgia are offering good production facilities and trained personnel, though producing outside Los Angeles still often requires flying in some key workers.
"You have to think of these productions as three-legged stools," said Mary Ann Hughes, Disney's vice president of film production planning. "You need a local crew base, local infrastructure, and the production incentives."
California offers a 20 percent credit for feature films, applicable to $100 million in spending. Some costs receive an additional 5 percent. The state does not apply the credit toward one large chunk of movie budgets - the salaries of actors, directors and producers - as other locations do.
TIME: Pregame coverage begins at 6:30 p.m. on FOX Sports Sun/7:30 p.m. on FOX Sports Florida
TAMPA, Fla. — Both the Tampa Bay Lightning and Florida Panthers missed the playoffs last season after making them the year before, and as they open the 2017-18 season Friday with a home-and-home series, there's excitement about getting back to the postseason.
Lightning coach Jon Cooper, whose team missed a wild card by a single point in the Eastern Conference standings, said the two nights he always looks forward to are the first night of the regular season and, hopefully, the first night of the playoffs.
“The excitement in the building, the excitement of the players, the atmosphere. They're the two nights I look forward to most,” he said. “In both instances, everybody's equal. The light shines bright for everybody and that's the one night that can happen.”
The Lightning, who went 42-30-10 last season, start their optimism with the healthy return of center Steven Stamkos, who was limited to 17 games last season. Andrei Vasilevskiy opens the season as a No. 1 goalie for the first time, taking over that role after Ben Bishop was traded away last season.
In Stamkos' absence, Nikita Kucherov led the team with 40 goals and 85 points, with defenseman Victor Hedman leading the team with 56 assists and continuing to establish himself as one of the league's top defenders. The team's No. 3 scorer, Jonathan Drouin, was traded away, but the rest of the scoring nucleus remains intact.
Tampa Bay added two veterans from winning programs, signing 38-year-old winger Chris Kunitz from the Pittsburgh Penguins and 33-year-old defenseman Dan Girardi from the New York Rangers.
Florida has had more change, with longtime leader Jaromir Jagr gone and former San Jose Sharks assistant Bob Boughner in his first season as head coach.
“I told the guys we have great character, we have great players. It's just a matter of taking it upon ourselves: Why not us?” Boughner said, inheriting a team that went 35-36-11 and finished 13 points behind the Lightning in the standings.
Florida still has experienced leaders like goalie Roberto Luongo, now 38, and young leaders like 21-year-old defenseman Aaron Ekblad, who is entering his fourth NHL season.
“I feel very confident that our team is on the same page, more so than we have been before,” Ekblad said. “If we all buy in, we're not going to be good. We're going to be great.”
Tampa Bay won the season series by a 2-1-1 margin last season, and the teams meet on back-to-back nights to open the campaign, first in Tampa on Friday and at the Panthers on Saturday. They meet a third time Oct. 30, then not again until March 6 in Tampa.
Two years ago, the Panthers and Lightning finished 1-2 in the Atlantic, with the Lightning making it all the way to the Eastern Conference finals. Both teams want 2017-18 to be more like that year instead of last season, and the pursuit of getting back to that starts Friday night at Amalie Arena.
Upcoming Riyadh Conference aims at forming a unified command to negotiate the details of a transitional governing body responsible for overseeing elections in Syria
After more than six months of preparations, the upcoming Riyadh Conference aims to unite both the political and military wings of the Syrian opposition after failing to secure any representation at the recent Vienna talks.
A number of Syrian opposition leaders, both political and military, were contacted by the Saudi government to hold a meeting in the first half of December. The meeting's goal will be to agree on the formation of a unified command to negotiate the founding of a transitional government responsible for holding elections in Syria, in accordance with the results of last Sunday's Vienna conference.
Informed sources confirmed that Syrian opposition delegations have already begun flocking to Riyadh over the past few days, noting that the president of the Syrian National Coalition, Khaled Khoja, also plans to visit Riyadh soon. The meeting will also be attended by representatives of a number of armed opposition groups, notably Ahrar ash-Sham Movement, the Southern Front alliance and the Army of Islam, whose commander, Zahran Alloush, was reported to have been in Saudi Arabia in the past few days.
The sources noted that the majority of political opposition bodies would likely attend the Riyadh meeting, though no invitations had yet been delivered. The Cairo Conference Committee, which includes several institutions of the Syrian opposition, including the Coordination Commission, the Kurdish Democratic Union Party, as well as other institutions and independent figures, are also expected to attend the meeting.
The talks aim at holding a national conference to form a unified delegation, in order to negotiate with President Bashar al-Assad over the political transition in accordance with Geneva statement, also taking into account developments that have taken place in Vienna, and will include all the "non-fabricated" opposition spectra, as Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir put it, referring to the opposition with ties to Moscow and the Syrian government.
Preparations for the meeting in Riyadh follows an agreement between Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Qatar to unify the Syrian opposition representation, and to cut the road in front of Moscow who seeks to form an alternative delegation alongside it.
The Secretary General of the Arab League, Nabil Elaraby, declared the League is ready to participate in future meetings in order to unify the position of the opposition.
Talk about the Riyadh Conference coincides with Saudi and Qatari promises to support the armed Syrian opposition. After the Vienna II Conference, Jubeir said that Saudi Arabia would support the political process that will lead to the departure of Assad, or continue its support for the Syrian opposition in order to remove him by force.
This article was translated and edited by The Syrian Observer. Responsibility for the information and views set out in this article lies entirely with the author.
U.S. Olympic Committee Adds Sexual Orientation to Nondiscrimination Code
Partially in response to Russia's increasingly violent anti-LGBT climate in the run-up to the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, the U.S. Olympic Committee today announced that it's amended its code of conduct to expressly prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, reports BuzzFeed.
Scott Blackmun, the USOC's chief executive officer, announced the news at an assembly Friday, citing Russia's recently enacted nationwide ban on "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relationships" in front of minors, which has seen LGBT Russians and tourists arrested, beaten, and harassed for waving rainbow flags or speaking out in support of the LGBT community.
"I want to address the legislation in Russia prohibiting advocacy of nontraditional relationships among minors," said Blackmun. "Even though we have been assured by the IOC that the new law will not directly impact anybody in Russia for the Games, it is important for us to emphasize that we believe the law is inconsistent with the fundamental principles of the Olympic and Paralympic movements. To bring that point home, yesterday, our board voted to amend the USOC's code of conduct to include specific mention of sexual orientation in our own nondiscrimination policy."
Blackmun clarified that the USOC does not support the so-called gay propaganda law, and pointed to American Olympians who've recently spoken out against Russia's antigay climate, including Nick Symmonds and Bode Miller.
Blackmun also said the USOC is seeking "more clarity" from the International Olympic Committee on what will and will not be considered violations of an Olympic charter provision that bans "demonstration or political, religious, or racial propaganda," from "any Olympic sites, venues, or other areas."
After asking for repeated "assurances" that Russia's anti-LGBT laws won't impact Olympic athletes and spectators, the IOC said in September that it is "completely satisfied" with vague promises from Russian diplomats that LGBT athletes and spectators will be safe during the Winter Games. Notably, the IOC's charter does not enumerate sexual orientation among its protected traits in its nondiscrimination policy.
Apples do not have any "chemicals" such as tryptophan (present in turkey) that makes you sleepy or caffeine (in coffee) that blocks your ability to stay calm, but it does have fructose which is a type of simple sugar found in fruits and honey. Because it's delivered slowly with the process of eating and contains fiber from the skin and meat of the apple, the sugar doesn't give you a jolt like coffee or candy often can. There are no adverse effects such as the "let down" or addiction that some people experience from coffee or energy drinks.
The process of eating the apple, its crunchy texture and sweet juicy taste probably can wake some people up in the morning as well as provide some nutrition. Part of waking up is the process and some people find comfort and dependency in their morning cup of coffee-the ritual of measuring the water and grounds, listening to the brew being created, the aroma and finally, the adding of their favorite condiments into their brown-stained favorite cup. The coffee culture such as standing in line at a corner coffee shop can be a very important process of waking up.
Not to tout the virtues of coffee but perhaps our culture considers eating an apple to wake up as too simplistic, lonesome and not as glamorous at the steering wheel on our way to work. The corporate suit looks more stylish with that green logo cup than with a half eaten oxidizing apple. A lipstick stain looks more expected on a rim of a cup rather than smeared on an apple core. But if you want to be healthy or if you're trying to find an alternative to caffeine, perhaps an apple could be your ideal choice. Another opinion This is supposed to be a "false fact" started on the Michigan Department of Agriculture website that has since been debunked everywhere. The idea was that chewing, smelling and enjoying an apple, and having the natural sugars slowly release into your bloodstream was an equally effective and healthier way to wake up than shocking your body with caffeine, which can make little holes in your nervous system over time.
Caffeine is undoubtedly an effective stimulant. That's why the US Army gives soldiers caffeinated gum to chew. It does wake you up and is not especially harmful in moderation. Consider a healthier alternative to coffee, though, such as green tea, which has some health benefits that offset the caffeine.
Speaking from personal experience, I do find that putting "real" applesauce (no added sugar or corn syrup) on my morning toast and washing it down with green tea makes a lovely, quick and healthy breakfast that does wake me up and gives me energy until lunch. The applesauce might only energize because of the natural apple sugar (fructose) or by a property not yet discovered by science. Try it and see.
15 people found this useful
It is time for Starwatch to check once again on the star we know best, our Sun, and its current level of sunspot activity. I have warned repeatedly, though, about the dangers of solar observation. To look directly at the Sun through an unprotected telescope or binoculars is to guarantee serious eye damage.
The traditional method of solar observation is to project the Sun's image through binoculars or a small telescope onto a white card held away from the eyepiece. However, I now recommend the use of inexpensive but accredited solar filters that cover the objective (Sun-facing) end of the telescope and block 99.999% of the Sun's radiation. Provided these are fitted securely, with no light-gaps, holes or scratches, they provide a safe viewing experience and a better image than is usual by projection.
Sunspots, the most obvious features we see, are regions that form when the Sun's magnetic flux inhibits the heat flowing from below so that they cool below the 5,780K (5,507C) of the remainder of the Sun's visible surface, the photosphere. A spot can last for a day or two, or up to a month or more, and they often occur in groups, drifting east to west across the Sun as it rotates every 26 days as seen from the Earth.
Spacewatch: Solar maximum Read more
One useful index of the level of solar activity is provided by the so-called sunspot number. It is based on the sum of the number of separate spots and ten times the number of groups and, after making allowance for different observers and their telescopes, it lets us trace activity back almost continuously through several centuries.
Our graph plots a rolling average of the mean sunspot numbers since 1955 and illustrates the solar cycle of about 11 years. The highest sunspot numbers on record occurred around the sunspot maximum of 1958 while the latest cycle began in 2008 and is the lowest since one that peaked in 1906.
As with several recent cycles, the current one shows a double peak, in 2012 and 2014, but is now certainly in decline towards the next sunspot minimum in perhaps 2020. Our image is from 21 July and shows the most recent sizeable sunspots before they disappeared around the Sun's edge three days later. There has been at least one spotless day since, and already more this year than since 2010.
A parade of unhinged posts about Trump's firing of Comey has populated the president's Instagram account. President Trump's Instagram
Last Tuesday, The Leader fired James Comey, the FBI director who may or may not have been investigating The Leader's reputed Russian ties — it's hard to tell when The Leader himself can't keep his story straight.
This move was denounced by prominent D.C. players from James Clapper to Nancy Pelosi. Current GOP officeholders, on the other hand, basically just went “rhubarb rhubarb peas and carrots” and gave The Leader the benefit of the doubt — some, like Marco Rubio and Nikki Haley, to a pathetic extent — or else kept their yaps shut.
The problem for these guys is, The Leader is giving them everything they want — the immiserization of the poor and sick, tax breaks for the wealthy, wing nut Supreme Court Justices, etc. This is in fact their tacit deal with him: He enables their policies, and they allow him to grift the shit out of the White House with impunity. So they can't get too noble about this latest breach of presidential decorum (and possibly some laws).
Some suck-ups, to be sure, were with The Leader all the way on this. “COMEY FIRING NOT CAPTURING AMERICANS' ATTENTION,” yelled Breitbart — that is, it “did not create the social media firestorm Democrats and the mainstream media hoped it would, according to data from SocialFlow.” The rule of law is just not getting enough Likes, libtards!
Others like Deroy Murdock at Townhall didn't see why liberals weren't congratulating The Leader since they didn't like Comey either (“Short of chomping into a cyanide capsule, there is nothing that President Donald J. Trump can do to satisfy the Left”). Come on, you know some of the people Caligula killed had it coming.
But more mainstream conservatives, who have to appeal to a readership wider than the all-caps lock-her-up gomers — and who may have correctly sensed that, despite Breitbart's optimism, the public isn't with The Leader on this — played it safe by adopting a muzzy middle-of-the-road position, admitting something was kinda bad about the Comey firing, but not enough to actually, you know, do anything about.
Take Erick Erickson. His racket has been to righteously associate himself with the #NeverTrump movement while not actually being against The Leader in any meaningful way. Even in the big January 2016 National Review “Against Trump” issue, where several prominent wing nuts first made their anti-Leader stand, Erickson said, “I would vote for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton.” Last September, he told his fellow fundamentalists, “My position is that if you want to vote for Trump, go for it. But Christians should not be actively, publicly supporting Trump” — an invitation for People of Faith to back the pussy grabber, but on the down-low, while Erickson kept his kneepads for church and his mouth molten-butter-free.
Erickson continued this routine throughout the campaign and even after (“Perhaps, as only Nixon could go to China, maybe only Trump can reunite the country”). Yet people who should know better, like the New Yorker, keep referring to Erickson as “a ‘Never Trump' Conservative” and claiming he “broke with many of his readers, becoming a discordant voice of anti-Trump dissent.” Talk about having your crock and eating it too!
So guess what Erickson said last week about Comey, after some initial “I have long had concerns about President Trump” hooey? In the New York Times, yet?
Erickson bought the whole Leader line — echoing the playground defense that liberals didn't like Comey either (“If he was so bad then, is he really so good now?” he nyah-nyahed) — and also claimed that the FBI investigation of The Leader's Russian ties wouldn't be affected by Comey's ouster because, get this, “Senate Republicans have already raised concerns about how Mr. Comey was fired….They are not going to serve as yes men for a yes man at the FBI.” Quick, relevant sidebar from FiveThirtyEight: “So far, no Senate Republican has said that he or she would stall a Trump FBI appointment or support a bill to appoint a special counsel to look into Trump's Russia ties.” I'd like to meet whoever's buying Erickson's argument with a deed to the Brooklyn Bridge.
You hardly need to read past the abused-girlfriend subhead of Jonah Goldberg's column at National Review — “Rather than rationalizing and enabling the president's behavior, conservatives need to convince Trump that he's his own worst enemy.” But what the hell, it's funny:
First, Goldberg did his traditional indecisive pee dance, dropping barely relevant insults on The Leader (“Trump was never destined for Mt. Rushmore, but every insane tweet is a step further away from it”), then demurring, “I have no problem with the argument that James Comey deserved to be fired,” etc. His point seemed to be that, though The Leader was doing everything conservatives wanted, he wasn't making it look good.
Goldberg also made what, given the history of the conservative movement, must be regarded as an unfortunate appeal to his readers' consciences: “The rush to defend the myth of Trump,” he said, “is causing conservatives to abandon their principles, standards, and credibility at a breathtaking pace.” You could probably hear the laughter at the Heritage Foundation from outer space.
Sensing the end of his word count approaching, Goldberg tried to buy the mob's favor by comparing The Leader's Comey problem to something equivalent by Obama — but alas, all he could come up with was the Obamacare website debacle of 2014, notwithstanding that was a technical fuckup, whereas the Comey firing is possibly an obstruction of justice.
Finally, Goldberg played his ace — Mike Pence, he said, should “do himself, his party, and his country a favor by telling Donald Trump, ‘If you humiliate me like that again, I will resign and run against you in 2020.'” That'll show him! Imagine all those rednecks in “Fuck your feelings” shirts abandoning The Leader for Godly Mike Pence.
Also at National Review, Andrew C. McCarthy, who since the election has been auditioning for the role of The Leader's Renfield, first made some forthright-sounding noises — for example, admitting that by firing Comey, The Leader had shot himself in the foot, which regrettably would make it “more difficult now for the president to recruit a highly respected, instantly credible law-enforcement pro” of the sort that had presumably been beating down the door of his scandal-plagued administration heretofore.
But, said McCarthy, what's important is that Obama started it: “President Obama was rumored to have asked Comey whose side he was on when they tangled over such matters as the ‘Ferguson Effect' and the role of radical Islam in the San Bernardino jihadist attack,” he said. True, Obama didn't fire Comey, but probably just because he was lazy — you know how those people are. Also, Obummer notwithstanding, “The loyalty question is not cut and dried….Insubordination is not an option…”
In conclusion, McCarthy declared, “The statutory ten-year term for the FBI director ought to be scrapped.” [Pause for dramatic effect.] That way, he continued, the replacement of said director would “not be fraught with intrigue over whether the president is under investigation or whether his removal of the incumbent director is sinister.” Not quite as funny as Otter's speech to the Faber student court, but logically in the same ballpark. Now if you'll excuse McCarthy, he's got some flies to eat.
Since nobody who's in a position to do anything about it is actually going to, this one probably just goes in the box along with the other outrages to ripen up for the 2018 election, assuming war with North Korea hasn't necessitated its postponement. On the other hand, some people (OK, a whole lot of people) now seem to want an independent counsel to investigate The Leader's abundant Russian ties. Will some gutless senator decide it's scarier to cut bait than fish? Rhubarb, rhubarb!
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
When Chicago-area native LaRoyce Hawkins was a student at Illinois State, he was always trying to bum a free ride up north or borrow money for an Amtrak ticket.
The young actor wasn't homesick. He was job hunting.
While in Normal on-and-off from 2006-2012, Hawkins would constantly travel to Chicago to audition for movies, TV shows, or commercials, hoping for a small role with a couple lines. Now, all that hard work has paid off, with Hawkins landing a series regular role on NBC's Chicago P.D., a spinoff of the hit Chicago Fire that premieres Wednesday night.
“That's why I love and appreciate Illinois State so much,” Hawkins told STATEside. “This is where most of the dream came alive for me. All of the ups and the downs, right here.”
The Chicago P.D. role is the former Redbird's biggest to date, putting him in a cast alongside recognizable faces such as Elias Koteas, Jon Seda, and Sophia Bush.
The Harvey native's journey to primetime TV began at Thornton Township High School, where he went to play basketball but fell in love with speech competitions instead. Hawkins found his niche doing comedy events, and even won state titles twice.
“I knew I was gonna be an entertainer,” Hawkins said during an interview last week at Illinois State's Alumni Center in Normal.
Hawkins came to Illinois State as a freshman in 2006 and majored in acting, but in only his second semester he was cast in a supporting role in The Express, the 2008 film about Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy. (One of the casting directors was an Illinois State alumna.) Hawkins took about a year and a half off school.
But he came back at the end of 2007 to hone his acting skills and finish his degree.
“I wanted to be a real actor. I didn't want to be one of those fly-by-night cats that hits the ground running, gets a hit or two, and then kind of disappears,” Hawkins said. “I wanted to come back and gain the tools that would help me have a long career.”
Hawkins made a name for himself on and off-campus, hosting open mic nights and other events, performing standup comedy, and with student groups like the Black Actors Guild.
And he kept auditioning. He booked a guest spot on TV's Detroit 187 (ABC) and some commercials while at ISU. (You can read his entire bio on the Chicago P.D. website.)
Joining the Chicago P.D. force
Hawkins finished at Illinois State in 2012. He appeared on three episodes of Chicago Fire as Officer Kevin Atwater, as producers laid the groundwork for the P.D. spinoff.
Hawkins is in the middle of shooting episode 10 (of an expected 13) of the first season of Chicago P.D. As a comedian and family man, Office Atwater is infused with a lot of Hawkins' own personality. Hawkins also drew on positive experiences he's had with law enforcement over the years, including his former basketball coach, who was a cop.
Hawkins is the show's only original cast member from the Chicago area. That adds to what Hawkins describes as an authentic look into the neighborhoods and grit of real Chicago.
“Chicago is a character itself, which is pretty cool,” he said.
It's tough work—like the day he shot from 6 a.m. to 3 a.m. the next day—but that's nothing new for Hawkins. Most of the actors who make it learn how to grow thick skin and have faith in themselves, he said. And this former Redbird is still thankful for the support he received from the School of Theatre and Dance and the entire campus community.
In fact, his brother Lamar Hawkins will be enrolled at Illinois State for the start of the spring 2014 semester. He plans to major in acting too.
“It's been a long, hard road,” LaRoyce said.
Follow LaRoyce Hawkins on Twitter for updates on the show.
Ryan Denham can be reached at rmdenha@IllinoisState.edu.
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott is all but certain to play in Week 2 against the Broncos. The NFL has admitted as much and, as it is already Thursday afternoon when this is being written, it would be surprising if a judge ruled on Elliott's case in time to make a decision for Week 2. Elliott was suspended for six games on August 12 for a violation of the league's domestic violence policy.
However, the NFL is attempting to put the screws on Judge Amos Mazzant (Eastern District of Texas) to get a ruling on whether or not Elliott will be allowed to continue playing. In fact, the league asked the judge to rule by Thursday afternoon on whether or not to it would grant the league's Emergency Motion to Stay Injunction Pending Appeal, which the league filed on September 11.
The non-legalese version of that: the judge ruled in Elliott's favor to allow him to keep playing but still had to decide if he would grant an injunction for Elliott to play for the entire season. The NFL is asking him not to grant that and to remove the temporary injunction. The NFL also filed an appeal with the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals and is asking the judge to rule by Thursday or it will ask the Court of Appeals to tell Elliott he has to stop playing immediately.
The NFL's argument for this are, as one might guess, not at all related to the facts of Elliott's case, but all about the CBA. (The NFLPA's arguments are the same kind of thing; it's very frustrating.)
The league believes that the Fifth Circuit has clearly ruled when "both parties were undisputedly participating in the arbitration process" that the union's argument falls short. It also argues "given that the Arbitrator did not even arguably violate any of the CBA's bargained-for procedures" the ruling could not have been "fundamentally unfair." The league calls into question the NFLPA and Elliott's attempt to "evade its CBA obligations by delaying suspensions indefinitely" -- which is actually an interesting argument to be made here.
By making that argument, the league could claim that any player who was suspended could push the suspension back by utilizing the legal system as a buffer for actually missing games. From a labor law perspective, the NFLPA using the court system as a crutch to avoid enforcement of agreed-upon rules is not a good look.
The NFL also argues that not being able to impose suspensions in a timely fashion causes irrevocable harm to the league. Elliott's legal team argues that the Cowboys running back would be irrevocably harmed by missing games, because those games could never be given back to him, whereas the NFL could enforce a suspension at any point with no cost to them. The league claims Elliott playing tilts the NFL's competitive balance since he is supposed to be serving a suspension.
The guess here is that if the Judge Mazzant does rule by Thursday, it will not be in the favor of the NFL. Filing early this week and pressuring a judge who already ruled against the NFL probably won't sit well with said judge.
The league could then file with the Court of Appeals for a stay on Friday, but it is unlikely that ruling would happen by the end of business, which is why the league admitted it is "likely" that Elliott ends up playing in Week 2. It also essentially means the league is trying to target Week 3 to r-impose the Elliott suspension. If the Court of Appeals denies the league's request, Elliott would be all but clear to play for the rest of the season while his case is heard.
At Last, Muslims Can Savor A Halal Spin On Spain's Famous Jamón
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Frayer for NPR Lauren Frayer for NPR
Wander into any bar in Spain, order a drink, and the waiter will very likely hand you free tapas. Very often it's some type of pork — jamón (ham), chorizo (spicy sausage) or panceta (cured bacon). You could say this country is obsessed with cured pork products. People joke that even vegetarians in Spain eat jamón.
Eating authentic jamón ibérico de bellota, a cured ham made from free-range pigs fed on acorns, is a key part of Spanish life, especially in the south.
But jamón ibérico is a treat observant Muslims — who don't eat pork for religious reasons — can't enjoy.
Until now.
Deep in the Huelva mountains of Andalusia, in Cumbres Mayores, a town in the heart of Spain's most traditional ham-producing region, a Tunisian emigre has created the country's first halal jamón, certified by Islamic authorities.
"The first time I came with my family to Spain, to Andalusia, I said, 'Why don't the Muslims have this?' " says Faysal Mrad Dali, who was born and raised in Tunisia. He moved to Cumbres Mayores three years ago to launch his company, Balkis Gourmet.
Dali's halal ham is actually made from lamb, and occasionally beef. The animals are slaughtered in accordance with Muslim traditions, and the meat is cured in the most traditional Spanish method, for a minimum of six months, just like the pork jamón makers. He uses fresh local spices — thyme, paprika, oregano.
Cumbres Mayores sits at more than 2,300 feet above sea level. Locals say there's something in the air, which is cooler and moister than in Seville 80 miles to its south, that helps dry and cure meat to perfection.
"It has a special aroma. It melts in your mouth — so smooth. It takes and smells like the countryside here," says Jesús Sánchez Vázquez, a Cumbres Mayores councilman in charge of cultural affairs. "Our local ham-curing industry goes back to at least the 17th century. We have an ancient document, a proclamation, establishing our local guild of ham producers — a brotherhood."
Dali is the first Muslim to join that brotherhood.
"I am the only Muslim in the village. People say I'm un poco loco — crazy!" Dali says, laughing. "But I say it's an honor."
Dali's halal ham looks and tastes exactly like pork — which is the goal, but also a potential problem. There's a "psychological barrier" for some Muslims, Dali says, against eating anything that looks and tastes so much like pork. All of Balkis Gourmet's products have a huge halal sticker on the packaging, from the European Islamic Halal Certification.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lauren Frayer for NPR Lauren Frayer for NPR
Dali sells his products online across Europe and here in Spain. He insists he's still just starting out, and won't disclose the volume of his sales. But he recently rented a much larger curing facility, just around the corner from the one where he founded Balkis Gourmet. Among his clients are restaurants near Granada's Alhambra, the palace of Muslim kings who ruled Spain in the Middle Ages. He is also preparing to open his first retail outlet in Belgium in early 2015.
"Spain has a very strong Islamic history. Over the last few years, there has been a big growth from Muslim tourists," says Bilal Domah, director of the annual Halal Tourism Conference, which was held this past September in Spain. "And when it comes to tourism, food is one of the biggest areas."
Domah says halal tourism is approaching a nearly $200 billion market worldwide. And it's pushing the boundaries of traditional Muslim products — there's even a company making halal champagne.
The Spanish government does not track tourists by religion, only by nationality. Last year, the country saw an 85 percent increase in tourists from Saudi Arabia, compared with the previous year; Algerian arrivals rose by 30 percent, and Turks by 57 percent, over the same period. Germans and Britons still make up the largest share of Spain's tourist arrivals — and a portion of them are Muslims as well.
Halal products like Dali's lamb ham are one way Spain is trying to accommodate this influx of Muslim tourists. Some are Arabs from the Gulf, who vacation in Spain during Ramadan or the summer months, and have money to spend in Spain's debt-ridden economy. The Spanish unemployment rate still tops 23 percent.
"This has been a dream for me, as a Muslim," Dali says. "I'm living and making my product in a region where Muslims, Jews and Christians have a history of living — and eating — together."
Incidentally, Spain doesn't want Jews to miss out on the authentic jamón experience either. There's kosher Spanish jamón too — usually made from duck or goose.
A California mother of two is suing the city of Carlsbad for federal civil rights violations, after she was brutally beaten by a police officer as another held her down, all in front of her two small children.
The 2013 incident was captured on camera by a witness: Cindy Hahn, 40, screamed for help as an officer punched her in the face with a closed fist.
© Flickr / Tony Webster Ohio Cop Who Killed Man With Cruiser Refused to Perform CPR, Checked on His Car Instead
The incident began as Hahn was leaving a birthday party with her children, ages 7 and 11. As she was leaving, she saw officers surrounding a vehicle with a car alarm blaring.
Innocently enough, she asked one of the officers, Officer Kenyatte Valentine, why they didn't stop the alarm.
Valentine became irritated with Hahn, who is also the daughter of a retired police officer, and told her to “mind her own f*cking business,” the complaint states.
Shocked by his aggressive response, Hahn called the police department's non-emergency number and reported him.
Moments later, as she was pulling her own car out, Valentine pulled her over for an alleged seatbelt violation. Joined by another officer, they yanked her out of the vehicle and pinned her to the ground.
Valentine then began hitting her repeatedly with closed fists as she cried out for help and her children screamed inside the vehicle.
A witness tried to step in and intervene, but was blocked by a third officer.
Hahn was then charged with resisting arrest and felony battery on an officer, but those charges were dropped this July, two years later, when the district attorney saw the witnesses video.
© Flickr / Robert Kuykendall White Cops Beat Up Black Cop, Mistaking Him for Suspect
“There was no need to punch her in the face when he ran up on the scene. There was no need to punch her any further. All he did was deliver a lot of punishment that was totally unnecessary,” Mike Dalton, Hahn's father, told CBS.
The City of Carlsbad released a statement saying they look forward to their day in court.
“The City of Carlsbad looks forward to bringing this lawsuit before the proper judicial authorities as soon as possible. We are prepared to provide a complete and detailed account of the facts of this incident in a courtroom, not in the media.”
Trumpeter Swan at Lake Parsippany
Morris County's first accepted record for Trumpeter Swan was in June of 2016 (i.e. considered to be of genuine wild origin). See the link here.
On Sunday, April 9, Californian Ben Newhouse photographed a dark-billed swan at Lake Parsippany. After viewing the photograph, it was determined to be a probable Trumpeter Swan. The swan was not present at Lake Parsippany either Monday or Tuesday, April 10 and 11.
Rob Fanning relocated the swan this morning, April 12. The swan was present throughout the morning which is when the following photos were taken.
The swan shows the features of a Trumpeter Swan: a long straight bill unlike the shorter slightly curved bill of a Tundra Swan
(Click on the photo for larger image.)
The head comes to an edge, or point, towards the back of the head unlike Tundra Swan's rounded head.
A ‘V', or point, is formed where the upper mandible meets the forehead, unlike the Tundra Swan's rounded border. This is a key difference. The eyes merge with the black of the bill, whereas Tundra Swan's eyes seem almost, but not quite, separate from the bill.
The Lake Parsippany Trumpeter Swan shares a feature with the 2016 Trumpeter Swan in that they are both slightly smaller than the neighboring Mute Swans. Is this the same swan as last years? Probably not. The grayish plumage on the neck marks this as an immature Trumpeter Swan as was the 2016 swan.
To this observer's thinking, this completely rules out the Bernardsville Trumpeter Swans as well. They have never been known to breed. It is thought the parents of the Bernardsville progeny were destroyed.
An excellent document for distinguishing Trumpeter from Tundra Swans is at David Sibley's website, here.
Please note: Trumpeter Swan is a review species for the state of New Jersey. The NJ Bird Record Committee will review this record at a later date. Please send reports to the committee. Forms for reporting can be found on this page.
eBird users: if you visit Lake Parsippany and list this swan, please give detailed descriptions in the comment section mentioning all of the pertinent features. Photos are preferred. Simply saying “continuing” will cause an immediate invalidation of the record.
For now, on eBird, the Trumpeter Swan will be validated, or confirmed as end-users know it, as long as there is a detailed description (see the above paragraph). This is so it appears on the species map lists and any other reports that people use to find species of interest. If at a later date the NJ Bird Record Committee rejects the record due to unknown provenance or any other reason, all eBird records of this sighting will be invalidated.
Rails and Bitterns
Rails and bitterns are moving into appropriate habitats in the Morris and Somerset region.
American Bitterns were heard over Lord Stirling Park early on April 10. A Virginia Rail called near the overlook on Pleasant Plains Rd., Great Swamp NWR on the evening of Apr. 11 (Jeff Ellerbusch, et al).
This morning at Frelinghuysen Fields and Marsh in Harding Township, a visually reclusive Eastern Meadowlark sang often in the west field near the pasture. After flushing several Wilson's Snipe near the small marsh in the west field, this observer was startled when an American Bittern rose up from vegetation near the edge of the marsh and flew westward out of sight towards property run by the Great Swamp Watershed Association. Not knowing if the camera was turned on or what settings were current, the photographer quickly fired off some blurry fly-away photos of which the following is the most usable, barely.
View local eBird checklists in the mocosocoBirds region via eBird's Region Explorer. Use the following links:
The eBird Hotspot Primer is here and can also be accessed via the Hotspot menu item on the mocosocoBirds.com website.
The mocosocoBirds Facebook page is located here and also posts timely information not found on the mocosocoBirds web site.
@mocosocoBirds at Twitter is another communications stream. Instant field reports and links of interest are tweeted throughout the day. The latest tweets appear on the sidebar of this page. One can follow mocosocoBirds at Twitter or link to @mocosocoBirds.
Finis
Share on Facebook Tweet this Pin this on Pinterest Email this story
Image Source: Shutterstock
Any woman who has been on a date in the past few years has asked herself the question: “Why is it so hard to find a good man?” Date enough men who seem like they wouldn't be a good fit for anyone and the question just so happens to pop up. Are all of the good men in hiding or are you the only one having trouble finding them?
Well, we've talked to lots of women and we've discovered that the problem isn't us. Every woman has experienced the struggle because it is hard to find a good man now more than ever. But once you know what's standing in your way from finding one, it's easier to know where to look.
Now we want to know how you found your good man. Did you follow these rules? Or did you find your significant other in a surprising place? Share your story with us in the comment section.
Henrik Christensen, director of the University of California San Diego's Contextual Robotics Institute, has issued a jarring prophecy for the next generation: “My own prediction is that kids born today will never get to drive a car.”
His forecast, which he shared in a December interview with The San Diego Union-Tribune, is rooted in signs that the auto industry is racing toward a driverless future. “Autonomous, driverless cars are 10, 15 years out,” he said. “All the automotive companies—Daimler, GM, Ford—are saying that within five years they will have autonomous, driverless cars on the road.”
But the prediction should provoke some skepticism. For one, it suggests most non-self driving cars will be off the roads within 15 years. That is, to say the least, improbable. The average age of a US vehicle is 11.5 years. With 258 million light vehicles on the road, and 17 million new ones sold each year, we're unlikely to see fleet turnover for decades. Meanwhile, analysts expect only 21 million autonomous vehicles globally to reach the roads by 2035.
Despite the advent of kits to turn our manual jalopies into robot chauffeurs, the US is in no shape to handle hundreds of millions of autonomous vehicles on its lanes, streets, and highways anytime soon. The US Department of Transportation issued guidelines in November to help ease the transition, but uncertainty abounds. States such as Florida already permit autonomous vehicles, and more will surely follow, but autonomous driving technology that qualifies under those statutes, not to mention a national legal framework, is still years if not decades away.
On Jan. 5, Gill Pratt, head of the Toyota Research Institute, said at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas that “none of us in the automobile or IT industries are close to achieving true Level 5 [i.e. full] autonomy. We are not even close.”
What's more likely is that some children born today, in some places, will never need to drive a car. That's already true in places like Manhattan, where public transport options have long made it feasible to live car-free, and where a bevy of new car services makes ditching private automobile ownership even easier. (Only 23% of Manhattanites owned a car in 2013, compared to 92% nationwide.) This reality could spread to other urban areas where lower density and costly infrastructure make car ownership more prohibitive.
Autonomous vehicles, complemented by car services such as Lyft and Uber, could make it preferable and more affordable to ride with robots rather than get a driver's license. This trend is already emerging in places such as Beverly Hills, California, which is preparing its own public transit plans involving autonomous vehicle fleets.
But remember: Tractors and automobiles took nearly 50 years to replace the horse on farms and across delivery systems in North America. Technology moves a lot faster today, but human beings' habits may not.
We suppose there's supposed to be some sort of shock factor involved in learning there's a children's Christmas book called “Santa's Husband,” in which Santa is black and gay, but frankly, now that we're aware of it, we'd be more surprised if there weren't such a thing, especially after seeing that “gaytivity scene” with two Josephs.
The Daily Wire's Ryan Saavedra caught a segment on CNN where they hyped the book and chatted with author Daniel Kibblesmith.
CNN promotes a children's book that portrays Santa Claus as a gay man, calls it a "new twist." pic.twitter.com/N3PdHMZaKF — Ryan Saavedra ?? (@RealSaavedra) December 19, 2017
This is no small, boutique offering either; this comes direct from publishing giant HarperCollins, so expect to find it on bookstore shelves everywhere right next to the more traditional offerings.
In this witty and sweet illustrated Christmas tale, humor writer Daniel Kibblesmith introduces us to Mr. and Mr. Claus, and gives us a glimpse of their lives together. We see the Clauses sitting by the fire at their cozy North Pole home, vacationing at the beach, having an occasional disagreement, celebrating their wedding day, and comforting each other when some loudmouth people on television angrily dispute Santa's appearance and lifestyle. In the weeks before Christmas, Santa's husband helps with all the pre-Christmas work, from double-checking lists, to feeding the reindeer (organic gluten-free grains, of course), to negotiating labor disputes with the restive workshop elves. At the height of toy-making season, he even fills in for his busy hubby at the mall to ensure every child can meet the Big Guy in the red suit, and give him their wish list.
Meh.
This is CNN. Some people would call this an apple…I just call it weird ass liberal horseshit. https://t.co/kSiuWeaq1L — Colin Banks (@ColinBanks44) December 19, 2017
Because the left is obsessed with genitalia, they feel compelled to sexualize EVERYTHING, including children's stories. Mixing the race is mere 'icing on the cake'.
Only fitting that #FakeNews @CNN would promote it. https://t.co/nGi3SldC54 — President Covfefe (@JTPaar) December 19, 2017
That ain't Mrs claus https://t.co/W2u1LUeNEa — Chris McClain (@macwfnz) December 19, 2017
Comming down the chimney takes on a whole new meaning — Trawling Troll (@TrawlingTroll) December 19, 2017
I'm sorry but this is just not necessary. https://t.co/2cnR2H3Gbd — Baba I AM✳️ (@ChatwitChuck) December 19, 2017
No wonder the aliens don't want us — PinkAboutIt ?? (@Pink_About_it) December 19, 2017
#CNN is about to burst into flames before it crashes into the ground..#CNNDeathSpiral https://t.co/VdzY1hV4EK — 10 (D.O.D) (@RuledByLogic) December 19, 2017
When one side has no respect for Christians this is what one would expect. https://t.co/L590UCUAvx — adam (@adam47458958) December 19, 2017
Hey wait a minute; isn't this "mis-appropriation" of Christian culture and faith? https://t.co/8DA58NinEa — GP (@GPalhegyi) December 19, 2017
I'm sooooooooooooooooooo sick and tired of identity politics. Holy shit STFU @CNN with your constant BS news. — Gomer Pyle 2.0 (@daboisgomerpyle) December 19, 2017
Can we delete CNN from earth? https://t.co/b10XgTUeNS — Hallo (@Hoibys) December 19, 2017
Related:
Does this ‘gaytivity' scene do the LGBT community any favors?
Chelsea Handler looking forward to the world getting browner and gayer following tax vote
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Ilya Zhitomirskiy, one of four co-founders of social network Diaspora, died over the weekend in San Francisco at age 22.
Zhitomirskiy committed suicide, a source close to the company told CNNMoney on Sunday.
A San Francisco Police Department officer confirmed on Monday that a police report about Zhitomirskiy's death says officers responded to the 700 block of Treat Avenue around 8:10 p.m. on Saturday. The department had received phone calls about a possible suicide.
The case was then referred to the medical examiner's office, said SFPD Officer Alvie Esparza.
"In this case it appears to be a suicide," Esparza added. "However, the medical examiner's office will make the final decision" after conducting testing.
A representative from the San Francisco Coroner's Office said that determining the cause of death is a process that "takes weeks and weeks."
Diaspora -- positioned as an open-source, decentralized alternative to Facebook -- came into public view last year. Zhitomirskiy and three other New York University students announced the project on April 24, 2010, seeking donations through microfunding site Kickstarter.
The founders surpassed their $10,000 fundraising goal in 12 days, and they raised a total of $200,000 from 6,500 donors in 39 days -- including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg.
The Diaspora announcement was well-timed, as it launched while Facebook was dealing with bad press about its confusing privacy controls. Diaspora also raised money from high-profile venture capitalists including Fred Wilson.
Diaspora posted its source code in September 2010 and launched a commercial version of its network a few weeks later. But after that, the buzz began to fade.
A Diaspora blog post last month pleaded for more donations, but on October 19 the cofounders said "PayPal mysteriously and arbitrarily decided to freeze everyone's donations." PayPal later said it had released the funds.
Over the weekend, dozens of people commented on the news of Zhitomirskiy's death -- first reported by TechCrunch -- via a forum on startup incubator Y Combinator's site.
"Ilya was an incredible person," wrote one user. "His heart was truly driven by bringing about positive change in this world. Diaspora was only the beginning."
-- CNNMoney tech editor Stacy Cowley contributed reporting.
Wintershall said it plans to join the new gas pipeline project led by Russia's Gazprom that'll deliver up to 55 billion cubic meters of gas annually to Germany via the Baltic Sea.
A memorandum of understanding was signed by BASF/Wintershall and Gazprom Friday.
“Taking into consideration the growing demand of the European Union, the expansion of the gas transportation infrastructure that links the gas fields in Russia directly to European markets, will further enhance the security of gas supply to the European continent,” said Gazprom Deputy Chairman Aleksandr Medvedev in a press release Friday.
E.On, OMV and Royal Dutch Shell have already agreed to participate in expanding Nord Stream. A memorandum of intent was signed by the companies at the 2015 St. Petersburg Economic Forum (SPIEF) in June.
READ MORE: Russia to construct new gas pipeline to Germany via the Baltic Sea – Gazprom
The preliminary cost of construction of the Nord Stream-2 is €9.9 billion, said Gazprom CEO Aleksey Miller earlier in July. The construction consortium is planned to be launched by this September, with the project itself expected to be started by the end of 2019.
According to Miller, the consortium may be soon joined by Engie of France (formerly GDF Suez).
The Nord Stream-2 project is expected to follow the line of Nord Stream. Gazprom will retain a 51 percent stake in the project, while other shares will be divided between foreign shareholders.
Construction of the 1,224-kilometer Nord Stream pipeline began in 2010. The two adjacent pipelines have been operational since 2011 and 2012, with the annual gas throughput expected to reach 55 billion cubic meters.
Wintershall is a subsidiary of chemical giant BASF, and is the largest crude oil and natural gas producer in Germany.
Biggest gas customer
In a Friday press release Wintershall confirmed its forecast of 0.8 percent annual growth in gas demand in the EU which would continue until 2040 and gas production in the region would fall 2 percent annually. This would help Russia retain its position of the main provider to the market.
In May 2015 Germany purchased 68 percent more gas compared to May 2014, Gazprom CEO Aleksey Miller said at a meeting with President Putin in June.
“This points to the fact that the demand for Russian gas is growing and there is no doubt that the issue of new contacts for long-term Russian gas supplies to the European market is on the agenda of talks with our European partners,” he said.
Germany has been the biggest customer of gas from Gazprom, buying 38.7 billion cubic meters in 2014. This is roughly a third of all Gazprom exports to Western Europe.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Looking at what he accomplished, it would be insulting to call his pictures "concept art"; they were Star Wars. Ironically, McQuarrie didn't have a lot of faith in the film, but that didn't stop him from illustrating the coolest universe he could think up, and Lucas was sold from the start. He even said after shooting the trilogy, "When words could not convey my ideas, I could always point to one of Ralph's fabulous illustrations and say, 'Do it like this.'"
But surely McQuarrie was just bringing George Lucas' ideas to life, right? There was, after all, some semblance of a story on which he built these worlds. Well, to get an idea of how pivotal McQuarrie was, take the most iconic character from the trilogy: Darth Vader. In the original script, Vader was only described as wearing long black robes; it was McQuarrie who decided he probably needed some kind of breathing mask to survive the vacuum of space.
BMAD: The Blog
"Oh, and is it OK if I make him look awesome, too?"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Without McQuarrie, there wouldn't be a Darth Vader helmet, or a Boba Fett suit, or Storm Trooper armor, which means you would have spent an entire decade of your childhood dressing up each Halloween as a ghost or a skeleton or some bullshit. Unless you did do that, in which case, you should watch Star Wars, it's really good.
McQuarrie didn't just work on Star Wars. He also designed the mother ships for both Close Encounters of the Third Kind and E.T. You can even see some of his original drawings in the movie Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indiana Jones shows everyone the devastation the ark is capable of inflicting.
Change has to Start from the Top – Webcast with David Langford
July 22, 2013
David Langford quotes Dr. Deming as saying “Change has to start from the top.” As David says in the video he struggled trying to get the top of his organization involved in management improvement. And then he realized:
You are the top of your system. Change your thinking, change your process – you change your system. As soon as you start to modify your system you are going to have an effect on the larger system: the way you organize, the way you manage what you do everyday, how you process the work that you are doing [will impact the larger system]. This is the time to start practicing what you are hearing.
…
You start right now. And you start thinking about: what can I do? How do I manage things? How do I work with my supervisors to change the system and get a different result? Deming message is really about transformation. Are you transforming the way you think, how you look at your situation? Are you learning to apply management techniques with people around you?
David's direct message is to start by changing your thinking. Figure out what you are in charge of, what is your sphere of control, and get to work. As you are part of a system you will likely interact with that larger system in many ways so then you need to use your ability to work within your sphere of influence to lead improvement in the larger system.
As Dr. Deming said you have 3 ways to influence others, your authority stems from: position, knowledge and personality. Each of this area can grow over time to expand both your circle of control and your circle of influence. Learning how to successfully influence the organization is a critical step to expanding your ability to help create positive results.
It is important to learn how to bring about change in your organization. That “change has to start at the top” is not meant as an excuse for inaction. If the positional leadership is not committed to management improvement then determine what you control and start to improve. By learning and then acting you create a learning cycle.
You won't have all the answers when you start. And actually you won't have all the answers when you finish (with your project or your career). But the way to improve your organization is to get started. Then learn from what you do and keep going; you can't learn everything before you start.
As you begin to learn and have success you will need to examine how to best influence the existing system to improve with you. Learn how you can increase the scope of the organization (finding a new “top” that encompasses more of the organization) that is committed to improving the way the organization is managed?
As with system improvement, in general, this path is challenging. It is easier to make excuses for why improvement is not possible; just as it is easier to manipulate the data or manipulate the system compared to improving the system. But those organizations that achieve success were lead there by people that learned how to make changes in their own thinking. Those people then changed how they worked and then expanded that new way of thinking and working to the rest of the organization.
The path is not easy but the rewards are tremendous and they only happen after you get started. So if you haven't gotten started yet, take this opportunity to get started now.
Related: How to Get a New Management Strategy, Tool or Concept Adopted – Podcast discussion on how to build enterprise capability – Increasing the Adoption of Management Improvement Ideas in Your Organization – Dr. Deming Video with David Langford: A Theory of a System for Educators and Managers
Categorised as: education, systems thinking, The W. Edwards Deming Institute
STR/epa/Corbis
Japan's government is heeding a key message from last year's Tohoku earthquake and tsunami: the underwater faults that encircle the country can unleash much greater devastation than previously anticipated. Last week, the cabinet's disaster-management division briefed local officials on simulations that raise the spectre of waves even larger and more destructive than those last March, sending the officials scrambling to rethink their tsunami defence plans.
The estimates come from a government-appointed team of scientists led by Katsuyuki Abe, a tsunami expert and emeritus professor of the University of Tokyo. The team updated the nation's main tsunami model by increasing the magnitude of the largest expected earthquake to incorporate recent massive quakes, including the magnitude-9.0 Tohoku and the magnitude 8.8 that hit Chile in 2010, causing a tsunami that reached as far as Japan. The result: for most locations, the size of future tsunamis could far outstrip previous estimates, which were made in 2003. The town of Kuroshio in Kōchi prefecture was steeled for a maximum 14.1-metre wave; it now faces the threat of a 34.4-metre inundation. Likewise, the offshore island of Niijima has to prepare for a 29.7-metre wave, rather than 5.4 metres (see ‘Making waves').
Ninety cities and towns must consider how to withstand a tsunami wave of higher than 10 metres, whereas just ten locales were expecting this from the older simulations. Twenty-three have been told to prepare for a tsunami of 20 metres or more, a threat none had previously anticipated. The team also raised the estimates of the risks posed by the largest earthquakes, with the number of towns and cities expecting the maximum level of ground shaking — 7 on Japan's intensity scale — raised from 35 to 153.
The reappraisal focuses on the Nankai trough, an offshore fault south of Honshu, Japan's main island, that regularly produces large quakes, including the magnitude-8.7 Hoei quake of 1707 that set the ceiling for the 2003 estimates. The latest simulations use the Tohoku quake, which was roughly three times more powerful than Hoei, as the maximum. They also take account of recent studies that used the thickness of sediment layers deposited by past tsunamis to estimate the size and frequency of major earthquakes and tsunamis that happened before accurate measurement methods existed. The 2003 models, which predicted much smaller tsunamis than those that followed the Tohoku earthquake, have been criticized for not including such sedimentation data (see Nature 483,141–143; 2012).
The updated model also considers ‘large slip' areas, in which extensive crust movement can make parts of tsunamis particularly hefty. Such areas were to blame for the unexpectedly high waves in parts of Japan last year. The team considered how coastal regions would be affected in 11 tsunami scenarios, each of which had large slip areas in different places along the Nankai trough.
Magnitude-9 events are expected to occur very rarely, perhaps once every millennium, says Kenji Satake, a tsunami expert at the University of Tokyo and a member of the team that updated the models. How much preparation is needed for such rare, devastating events remains a matter of debate, but the models have put local governments in a tight spot. Yukihiko Nakamura, head of earthquake preparedness in the Kōchi prefecture, says that the briefing was not detailed enough to give administrators a clear path forward.
“We need to know how high the water will come at different points. Will it be 34 metres everywhere?” The government has promised a fine-grained simulation and inundation maps that detail water levels by the end of May.
Even that information may not help officials to determine how to prepare for such devastating events. Some towns are installing additional loudspeakers to warn citizens of an approaching tsunami, but they might give no more than a few minutes' warning. Nakamura says it is unreasonable to think that people could seek shelter — by climbing evacuation towers tens of metres tall, for example — within that time.
Officials in some regions are also making plans to move city offices to higher ground, and considering measures such as building large underground shelters or relocating large numbers of homes — both of which are costly options that are beyond the capacity of local or prefectural governments. A cabinet working group is discussing how the central government could help.
Before last year's devastating earthquake, “we had been preparing for a magnitude-8 quake they said would have 60% chance of coming in the next 30 years”, says Nakamura. “But after Tohoku, we have to be prepared for the unexpected, too.”
Bob Weber, The Canadian Press
WATERLOO, Ont. -- Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau promised to end boil water advisories on First Nations reserves on Monday.
"We have 93 different communities under 133 different boil water advisories," Trudeau told a town hall hosted by Vice magazine.
"A Canadian government led by me will address this as a top priority because it's not right in a country like Canada. This has gone on for far too long."
Earlier Monday, Trudeau fleshed out the last remaining bits of his party's election platform at Wilfrid Laurier University, where he offered to help for students in search of higher education.
The main points of the Liberal platform -- three years of deficit spending on infrastructure, higher taxes on the wealthiest Canadians and lower rates for most others -- were released long ago.
New details rolled out Monday include restrictions on marketing unhealthy food and drinks to children -- restrictions similar to ones already in place in Quebec -- and regulations to limiting the amount of trans fats and salt in processed foods.
Popular among the university crowd was a plan to increase Canada Student Grants by 50 per cent to $3,000 a year.
Trudeau said a Liberal government would allow students to wait until they're earning at least $25,000 a year before requiring them to start repayment.
"Finding money to pay for school is only half the battle," he said. "Repaying those loans after you leave is often just as challenging."
Trudeau also said a Liberal government would try to ease the high cost of living in Canada's North by increasing tax deductions for northern residents and spending more money on food shipping subsidies.
As news filtered out about the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a massive trade deal involving 12 major economies accounting for 40 per cent of the world's trade, Trudeau remained cautious, saying he would wait to see details of the deal before committing himself.
He promised to engage in a "fulsome" discussion with parliamentarians on the deal and consult the public before making a decision on whether to vote for it.
"We will ratify this properly in the House of Commons after a fulsome and responsible discussion," Trudeau said during a campaign event at Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Ont.
Still, he seemed to acknowledge it would be tough for Canada to remain on the sidelines, especially in industries such as the auto sector, where supply chains already cross borders.
"We know that Canada is extraordinarily integrated in terms of supply chains with the U.S. and Mexico," he said.
"The idea that the U.S. and Mexico would engage in a trade deal of this size and somehow it would not be in Canada's interests to not be a part of that deal I think is something we're going to have to look in to."
The deal also seems to offer a mixed bag for Canada's supply-managed dairy producers, he said.
"The Liberal party is committed to protecting supply management," he said. "There are some concerns (in the deal) and there are new advantages."
Two satellites meant to form part of a European-run GPS navigational network have been launched into the wrong orbit in a blow for the programme.
European space officials say they are investigating whether the inaccurate deployment will complicate their efforts to develop the Galileo system, which would rival the American-run GPS network.
The European Space Agency and launch company Arianespace said the satellites – meant to be the fifth and sixth in the network – ended up in off-target orbits after being launched on Friday from Kourou, French Guiana, aboard a Soyuz rocket.
Saturday's agency statement did not explain whether their orbital paths could be corrected.
Arianespace said the satellites settled into a lower elliptical orbit instead of the circular one intended, and initial analysis suggested the mishap occurred during the flight phase and involved the Fregat upper stage of Soyuz.
“Our aim is of course to fully understand this anomaly,” said Stephane Israel, Arianespace chairman and chief executive. “While it is too early to determine the exact causes, we would like to offer our sincere excuses to ESA and the European commission for this orbital injection that did not meet expectations.”
Israel said Arianespace along with customer ESA and the commission would create an independent panel to investigate what caused the inaccurate deployment and to develop corrective actions so Soyuz launches could resume.
The European Union hopes to have its 30-satellite Galileo navigation network operating fully by 2020. The Prague-based programme oversaw the launch of its first two satellites in 2011, two more in 2012 and the two that went up on Friday.
Jean-Yves Le Gall, president of the French space agency CNES, said the investigation still needed to determine precisely how far off course the satellites were. He said ESA experts in Toulouse, France, and Darmstadt, Germany, were calculating whether small motors inside the satellites would be strong enough to push them into the correct orbit.
Le Gall said the investigation would take “several days to understand what has happened. And then we'll see about the possible consequences on the launch calendar,” he said, referring to plans to launch more satellites in coming months.
He called the Galileo navigation network “a very complex programme, and even if we have some failures that's unfortunately part of the life of operations.”
If the two satellites cannot be pushed to the correct altitude above the earth, he said, subsequent satellites would have to take up the slack.
The programme has faced other delays and operational hiccups. ESA officials said on Wednesday that they had to reduce the strength of another Galileo satellite's signal because of unspecified problems.
The agency says it hopes Galileo will provide greater precision for satellite navigation systems than the GPS system already used worldwide to pinpoint locations and plot routes.
With recent revelations of the NSA spying on allied countries, helping itself to Google and Yahoo's databases and maybe even eavesdropping on the Pope, it seems like the damaging leaks won't stop coming for the “security” agency. Nevertheless, leave it to some embarrassing U.S. politicians for standing by their flawed spy program with some asinine statements. Here are five quotes from key American figures who prioritize protecting the NSA over the privacy rights and reputation of the country:
1. Representative Mike Rogers, Republican from Michigan
“If the French citizens knew exactly what that was about, they would be applauding and popping champagne corks. It's a good thing.”
Yeah, France, why not try thanking the NSA for invading your privacy. If it's the case that France would positively support the NSA's spying with more information, why does it continue to keep such a lovable program a secret from the French people?
2. General Keith Alexander, head of the NSA
“I think it's wrong that newspaper reporters have all these documents… and are selling them and giving them out… We ought to come up with a way of stopping it. I don't know how to do that. That's more of the courts and policymakers, but, from my perspective, it's wrong to allow this to go on.”
Talk about passing the buck — the leader of the NSA is claiming that journalists are the problem. His stance is that it's wrong for reporters to tell the truth about what the government is doing, even though freedom of the press is one of the nation's founding principles. How dare journalists take private information from the NSA… which is in the business of taking private information from others.
3. Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican from South Carolina
“I'm glad that the NSA is trying to find out what the terrorists are up to overseas and in our country. I'm glad that activity is going on, but it is limited to tracking people who are suspected to be terrorists and who they may be talking to… Yes, I am sure that that's what they're doing.”
This summer, Senator Graham urged the public to join him in celebrating the NSA. The fact that he was “sure” the tracking is confined to terrorism suspects is even more interesting now that it's common knowledge that the NSA's powers extend way beyond that limited scope. If all Senators had been briefed on NSA activities as we were told, shouldn't he have been more confident?
4. Representative Peter King, Republican from New York
“The president should stop apologizing, stop being defensive. The reality is the NSA has saved a thousand of lives – not just in the United States, but also in France and Germany and throughout Europe.”
King is offended at the notion that Obama would try to placate foreign leaders after they've learned we've tapped their phone lines and read their emails. There's no need to apologize for spying on your allies! Realistically, though, if there is any evidence that the NSA has in fact saved thousands of lives here and abroad, why would that information not have been made public by now to smooth over relations?
5. Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat from California
“I am not a high-tech techie, but I have been told that is not possible.”
When Edward Snowden reported that he had the ability to wiretap anyone, Feinstein claimed that it couldn't be done. Feinstein provided Congressional oversight for the NSA, but didn't actually understand how any of it works. In essence, her role was to merely ask if the NSA was behaving and then relay what she was told. Talk about oversight!
This week, however, even one of the NSA's most loyal supporters is realizing that that trust might be misplaced. Feinstein, “overseer” of the NSA says she's shocked to learn that the program has been eavesdropping on the U.S.'s own allies.
Only two tiny strips of sand and shell, dotted with a few skeletal remains of mangrove trees, are all that was left of Cat Island, a tiny isle in Barataria Bay that held thriving colonies of brown pelicans, wading birds and gulls prior to the BP Deepwater Horizion oil spill, on Tuesday (Mar. 31).
Heavily oiled during the 2010 spill -- several photo shoots of oiled and dead pelicans in April and May of that year featured wildlife found on the island -- the combined hit of oiled plant life and ongoing subsidence and erosion have all but eliminated the sandy spit as a haven for wildlife.
Two slivers of sand and shell are all that remain of Cat Island.
On Tuesday, only a single pair of American oystercatchers, their red beaks used to pry open oysters, were on either of the remaining islets, possibly guarding a lone nest in the sand.
Tuesday's trip across Barataria Bay from Myrtle Grove Marina to East Grand Terre Island was sponsored by Restore the Mississippi River Delta Coalition, which includes representatives of the Environmental Defense Fund, the National Audubon Society, National Wildlife Federation, Coalition to Restore Coastal Louisiana, Lake Pontchartrain Basin Foundation and Restore or Retreat.
The coalition was formed several years before the spill, aimed at supporting state and federal efforts to rebuild wetlands and barrier islands in the delta area in Louisiana. After the spill, the organization has also focused on insuring the best use of fine money and federal Natural Resource Damage Assessment money for Louisiana restoration projects.
On Tuesday, the environmental groups wanted to show reporters from New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Houma and Houston what they contend are signs that the effects of the millions of gallons of oil released into the Gulf of Mexico during the spill can still be seen five years later.
The trip comes two weeks after BP issued its own report on the status of the Gulf environment five years after the spill. In its report, BP argued that the Gulf and coastal shoreline environments have already rebounded from the effects of the spill, and pointed out that only a few locations like East Grand Terre are still being actively cleaned.
On Monday, the National Wildlife Federation issued its own report that raised concerns about 20 Gulf species.
About a mile north of Cat Island, another tiny island seems to have captured the interest of dozens of nesting pelicans and other seabirds, possibly including some that moved on after Cat Island became untenable as a rookery.
Doug Meffert, vice president of the National Audubon Society, said the damage to Cat Island is indicative of the spill's threat to a variety of protected bird species that spend a critical part of their life cycles along the Gulf Coast.
"We need to protect the habitat that we have that's critical for birds, and we need to restore and recreate new habitat for birds and other species because we are losing that habitat," he said. "We are seeing losses (associated with the oil spill) at twice the rates that might normally occur."
Meffert said it will be important for Audubon and other environmental groups to demand that as some of the major restoration projects envisioned by federal and state officials are completed, they be assessed to assure success in providing essential habitat for birds.
"We need long-term stewardship and monitoring," he said.
Farther south, a trek across the beach along the eastern end of East Grand Terre Island showed that the most recent effort by BP contractors to remove weathered oil washing ashore after being unearthed by erosion and waves left some asphalt-like oil mat and numerous pebble-sized balls of squishy tar and sand behind.
Discovered during a joint BP-state targeted monitoring system, the workers reportedly removed more than 27,000 pounds of mat and tar ball. But some large chunks of sand and tar remain on the beach. Some pebble-shaped tar balls left oily stains on the skin when squeezed.
Just offshore, pelicans perch on sand spit, while a pair of dolphins accompanied by a baby dolphin swam nearby.
"A month or so after the oil spill began, in April 2010, we started to see oil washing up on our beaches and into our marshes," said Alisha Renfro, a staff scientist with the National Wildlife Foundation for the delta campaign, who holds a doctorate in marine and atmospheric sciences.
"What happened to a lot of that oil is it sank down into the sand and just underneath the surfaces of the beaches, or was deposited just offshore and created these submerged mats," she said, holding up a piece of the asphalt-like material.
Even after five years, storms and waves are unearthing the oil remains, and it ends up on beaches, she said, sometimes triggering responses like the one on East Grand Terre in recent days.
"Where we are now is that 'chasing the dog' scenario," she said. "You find oil, you run out and clean it up. We need to still do the cleanup when we see it, but we also need to do restoration.
"What we saw during the oil spill were dramatic images of birds that were actively oiled," Renfro said. "These tar mats, submerged mats and tar balls as they wash up don't seem like they should be that dangerous, but what it points to is a chronic re-oiling of the environments, what the turtles use, that the birds use."
The result, she said, is continued exposure that could lead to more long-lasting effects, different from the acute effects caused by animals being covered by oil.
"What this points to is we're going to have to continue to look at this for a long time," Renfro said. "We're going to have to continue to track these animals and see what is happening to them over time."
An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that state officials discovered the oil mats at East Grand Terre Island and asked BP to clean it up. The oil was identified through a joint BP-Louisiana monitoring program.
Picture
Sound
When American radio announcer Herbert Morrison stood watching the Hindenburg disaster unfold before his eyes, he tearfully exclaimed, “Oh, the humanity!” I coincidentally had the exact same thought while watching Ghost in the Shell again for the first time in 20 years—but for a much different reason. I saw this film when it first came out, and I remember having a difficult time identifying with it. I finally figured out why: There's no humanity in it.
Welcome to Tokyo, 2029, where technology has advanced to the level of cybernetic enhancements in humans for better or worse. There's scarcely a person alive who hasn't undergone some kind of mechanical alteration, and if you're a cop charged with the job of hunting down computer hackers and cyberterrorists, it's practically a requirement. The more cybernetic alterations you have, the more effective police officer you are. It also means you're irretrievably detached from your own humanity and more susceptible to be hacked by those same cyber-terrorists. Quite the paradox.
For the first time, the original cut of the film is available in HD. The transfer has been upgraded to 1080p from the previous version's 1080i video transfer, and it's a marked improvement. Images are sharper and more detailed, though there are still slight blemishes here and there. I was stunned to find out that the 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio applies to the English dubbed version only. The original Japanese language audio track, which should be the preferred viewing choice, has been rendered for a miserable Dolby Digital 2.0. Shameful. Adding insult to injury, they consistently find the absolute worst voice actors to dub the English dialogue, and this title is no exception. Maybe the actors were instructed to be as flat and lifeless as their characters.
Typically, an anniversary release of a film on Blu-ray implies that the film in question has the notoriety required to merit the milestone in the first place. Second, it's also assumed that the commemorative edition would be loaded with extras, but there are no extras whatsoever on this edition.
The creative minds behind Ghost in the Shell have merged mankind's evolution with its frenetic love affair with technology and made a chilling prognostication with this parable. Impressive visuals aside, this film is a joyless experience to watch. Maybe that's the intent. Good or evil, there's no humanity on either side. Pray it never comes to pass.
Blu-Ray
Studio: Achor Bay, 1995
Aspect Ratio: 1.78:1
Audio Format: DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1
Length: 82 mins.
MPAA Rating: Unrated
Director: Mamoru Oshi
Starring: Mimi Woods, Richard Epcar, Crispin Freeman
CHICAGO -- A deer hunting trip will have to wait.
Left-hander Kyle Ryan had been planning to head to South Carolina to go deer hunting once Triple-A Toledo wrapped up its season. Instead, he'll be on the mound for the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night for the second game of a doubleheader against the Chicago White Sox.
The game will mark the major league debut for Ryan, a 22-year-old who has made just five starts above the Double-A level.
Ryan is an avid hunter. "Everything from squirrels to gators," he said. He had been planning to head south to hunt right after the Mud Hens wrapped up their season, but he was happy to change his plans when Toledo manager Larry Parrish told him he was headed to the Tigers instead.
Ryan posted so-so numbers for Double-A Erie before thriving in five starts at Toledo. He went 7-10 with a 4.55 ERA and a 1.358 WHIP with Erie, but he was 3-0 with a 1.64 ERA and 0.788 ERA for Toledo.
Ryan said he felt he was helped by the fact that Triple-A hitters were not familiar with him.
"There's a big difference between facing somebody for the first time and them not knowing you," he said and then them coming out the second time and they're like, 'Oh, we know what you throw now. Now we're going to make you work.' "
He'll be banking on that helping him again Saturday night when he faces major-league hitters for the first time.
Ryan said he expects to have plenty of family members at the game. His parents are driving up from Auburndale, Fla., which is just a short drive from Lakeland. That's where Ryan was born and played high school baseball.
"My mom is the baby of 13," he said. "Just about all of that family is in Michigan, so I've got a lot of family going to make it. Some live in Lansing, but the majority live in the Escanaba area. At West Michigan, they came to a lot of games."
Ryan, who shot a gun for the first time -- a .410 during a partridge hunt -- while visiting family in Michigan, said he hunts a lot in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina. He even has a job processing deer in the offseason. But he was more than happy to put off his next trip when Parrish told him the news.
"I got called into the office," he said. "He's like, 'I've got some terrible news for you. You're going to have to delay your hunting trip for a little while.' I said, 'If it's for what I think it is, it's delayable, that's for sure. Hunting can definitely wait."
Ryan will serve as the 26th player on the roster for the doubleheader Saturday and will almost certainly be sent back to Toledo after the second game. But with rosters expanding next week, it's a good bet that he'll stick around for a while.
-- Download the Detroit Tigers on MLive app for iPhone and Android.
-- Like MLive's Detroit Tigers Facebook page.
The draft is just four days away and fans are getting antsy to see who their favorite teams will take come Thursday. Jacksonville Jaguars' fans especially will be keeping their eyes on the web to check the latest in draft gossip and mocks.
Speaking of mock drafts, several have surfaced over the last few days with the Jaguars taking a wide array of picks with the No. 4 overall selection. For your convenience, we've compiled a list of the picks from some of the best analysts around and here is what they're saying:
ESPN
We'll start with the two analysts who are probably the most renowned in ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr. and Todd McShay. As most know, they don't exactly see eye-to-eye on a lot of picks but seemed to be on the same page for Jacksonville's pick in their latest mocks.
Mel Kiper Jr.
Selection: Jonathan Allen, DL, Alabama
Todd McShay
Selection: Jonathan Allen, DL, Alabama
It appears both are familiar with the Jaguars strategy to build in the trenches as they have the Jags boosting their defensive line with Allen.
GETTY Fulham striker Moussa Dembele has reportedly agreed a deal to join Tottenham
The 19-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United with the club understood to have enquired about the Frenchman's availability. However, according to website Football Insider, Spurs have beat United to the signing of Dembele with Fulham granting permission for the highly-rated forward to undergo a medical at Spurs today.
Tottenham's top January transfer targets Mon, January 4, 2016 Express Sport takes a look at Tottenham's January transfer targets Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 11 Who could Tottenham sign during the January transfer window?
The two London clubs were understood to be discussing a deal over the last 48 hours which would see Dembele become a Spurs player this month. And it appears as if Dembele has agreed a move to White Hart Lane in a deal believed to be worth around £5million for a player who is out of contract at the end of the season.
You are, statistically speaking, not the best video gamer in the world, but a new service wants to help you get closer to the top.
Gamer Sensei is an esports platform that wants to connect ambitious players with knowledgeable coaches. The company has already raised $2.3 million in a seed-funding round led by investment groups Accomplice and Boston Seed Capital. Sigma Prime, FJ Labs, Corigin Ventures, and Timothy & Todd McSweeney also participated in the funding. Gamer Sensei plans to use this cash to increase its team in an effort to ensure its platform meets the expectations of a demanding esports community that is worth more than $800 million in revenue just from events and tournaments.
Pro gaming is growing rapidly, and many young people have dreams of playing League of Legends or Counter-Strike: Global Offensive at the highest levels. Naturally, that is creating a market for coaches to come in and help these players achieve their goals. Gamer Sensei is stepping into that space with a roster of coaches and partnerships with pro organizations like NRG Esports and top players like Cloud9's Hearthstone and Starcraft II pro, StrifeCro, who has won eight tournaments and ranks 10th in career winnings for Blizzard's market-dominating card game.
“The current market is a nightmare,” Gamer Sensei cofounder William Collis told GamesBeat. “There are a confusing array of claims and services online, and most just end up stealing your Battle.net ID or credit card.”
That doesn't mean Gamer Sensei doesn't have any competition. Esports Coaching Network, Gamer Institute, and more all offer ways to help skilled players sharpen their abilities. But Gamer Sensei is trying to separate itself by offering customized coaching for every kind of gamer.
“No professional service exists for gamers of all levels, grounded in numbers and metrics to determine its effectiveness,” said Collis. “But there's also incredible, pent-up demand. It's the reason we've already credentialed hundreds of Sensei [or coaches] and enlisted thousands of gamers in just two months of private alpha.”
The coaching comes in 1-on-1 sessions, and the startup is using a proprietary algorithm to match players with the right instructor. It all happens online with full voice chat. And the company is putting a lot of emphasis on how this is coaching for people trying to learn a game to play with friends all the way up to someone who is vying for an esports career.
“Gamer Sensei started because I was frustrated by the lack of options to improve at Hearthstone,” Gamer Sensei cofounder William Collis said. “Despite watching streams and reading forums, we still struggled without a personalized and highly skilled service to target professional improvement. It just felt bad losing all the time and feeling like there had to be a better way.”
And Gamer Sensei claims it is measurably better.
“For newer players, I'd prefer not to generalize improvements since every game measures progress differently,” Gamer Sensei cofounder Rohan Gopaldas said. “Instead, I'll use a popular title like Hearthstone as an example. A newer player could expect to improve two ranks over the course of a lesson, at a minimum. And these results would obviously improve the more the student worked with their Sensei. In Hearthstone, it's not uncommon for us to take a new student and help them achieve Legend in the course of a single month.”
With those kinds of results, Gopaldas says they have people returning for multiple lessons as well as referral traffic and word-of-mouth buzz.
“And we expect even more of our customers to come back when they hit additional walls in the future,” he added.
When you do hit that wall, Gamer Sensei claims its algorithm is smart enough to understand exactly what you need to improve. Collis explained it best when I asked for free tips.
“If I offer an OverWatch tip — like standing on the Payload rejuvenates health — this advice may be a big realization to newer players but obvious to more experienced ones,” he said. “The beauty of Gamer Sensei is we match to each gamer's individual level. Your Sensei explains only what you need to know and cuts out the clutter of what you don't.”
MORE than six million asylum seekers are waiting to head into Europe this summer.
They are staying in countries around the Mediterranean and include 2.5m from war-torn North Africa, according to a confidential German report. But it contradicts claims from Brussels that the situation is “under control”. Yesterday at least 34 migrants, most of them toddlers, drowned in the Mediterranean.
GETTY WAVE: Over 6m asylum seekers are waiting to head into Europe
“At least 20 dead bodies were spotted in the water. Most are toddlers” Chris Catrambone Italian Coastguard commander Cosimo Nicastro said one of a group of boats listed suddenly, sending about 200 people tumbling into the sea off Libya. Rescue group MOAS cofounder Chris Catrambone said: “At least 20 dead bodies were spotted in the water. Most are toddlers.” The German report, which is yet to be verified, warns the number waiting to cross into Europe has risen by 650,000 since the end of January.
GETTY TRAGEDY: At least 34 migrants, most of them toddlers, drowned in the Mediterranean
One million are living in Libya, it says, while about 3.3m are in Turkey. Of these, nearly 3m are Syrians, including more than 1.3m children, while the other 310,000 are mostly from Iraq and Afghanistan. The number waiting in Turkey has remained relatively stable for 18 months, but continues to put a strain on the country.
Migrant Crisis: Riot police swarm as migrant camp destruction provokes fierce clashes A growing migrant crisis all over Europe as desperate refugees live in camps struggling to survive. 1 / 218
Summary:
If you are looking a well maintained aircraft that is in excellent condition, then check out this Cessna 340A. This aircraft has many upgrades and has been very well maintained. Perfect as a small executive aircraft.
Airframe Details:
Vortex Generators
183 Gallon Fuel SystemAux
Pump Mod
Shadow Digital Fuel Computer
Factory AC
11.0 Cu. Ft. Oxygen System
Full DeIce
Boots, Heated Props, Alcohol Windshield, Fuselage Ice Protection Plates
Heated Pilot, Stall, Static, DeIce Light
Right Hand Altitude Indicator, Baro Altimeter
Davtron MB! I B Digital Clock, Davtron M655 (OAT, Density Alt. Volt!.)
Collision Avoidance Lights, Strobes, Beacon, Dual Landing Light, Taxi Light
Rosen Sun Visors, Upper Cabin Door Extender Right Side AL.
Engines:
This Aircraft Has Had The RAM VII Conversion In 2007
GAMI Fuel Injectors
Props:
Hartzell Scimitar Propellers, Prop Synchrophaser
Avionics:
PS Engineering G Plate Interior Audio Panel
Six Place Intercom
Garmin 530 WAS Number I
Avidyne Ex 500 Display With Full Charts
XM Weather
Ryan ATS 9000 TCAS
Bendix RDR 160 Color RadarDisplays
On Avidyne
Cessna EA 401 Electric Altimeter
Cessna 400 Auto Pilot
Aspen EFD 1000 Pro PFD
INTERIOR: (Jan 2008)
New Interior Was Done In 2008. Gray Leather Seats, Gray Seal Belts, Gray Carpet, Gray Fabric Side Panels,
Gray Leather Armrests And Pilot's Articulating Seat.
EXTERIOR: (Jan 2008)
Allover Matter Horn White With Dark Red And Black Accents.
Maintenance:
Always Storage In Hanger When Not Flying.
Excellent Maintenance Records And Well Maintained
$245,800
CONCORD, N.C. – Jeff Gordon's No. 24 Chevrolet SS is getting a new look for six races this season – starting this weekend at Sonoma Raceway.
AARP Member Advantages will be featured on Gordon's ride to spread awareness about the many benefits available to AARP members. The special AARP Member Advantages paint scheme is part of Hendrick Motorsports' existing partnership with Drive to End Hunger, which is AARP and AARP Foundation's multi-year effort to raise awareness of and support for the fight against older adult hunger.
AARP Member Advantages is a collection of discounts, products and services available to AARP's millions of members through third party providers. The provider offers include a variety of health products, financial products, travel and leisure products, and life event services.
Including its first race at Sonoma, California, the No. 24 AARP Member Advantages Chevrolet SS will appear in the following Sprint Cup Series races: Kentucky Speedway (July 11), New Hampshire Motor Speedway (July 19), Pocono Raceway (Aug. 2), Dover International Speedway (Oct. 4) and Martinsville Speedway (Nov. 1).
“AARP is passionate about NASCAR, and we know many of our members are dedicated racing fans,” said Dave Austin, vice president, marketing services, at AARP Services, Inc. “This partnership is a great opportunity to get in the driver's seat and bring awareness of the value, quality and convenience of our program to the NASCAR community.”
“I've been fortunate to meet many AARP members over the last few years, and I understand why they're so loyal,” Gordon said. “The benefits of membership are truly valuable, and I know people enjoy being affiliated with an organization that gives back the way AARP does through Drive to End Hunger and other initiatives.”
Lin-Manuel Miranda Speaks at Wesleyan, Where His In the Heights Will Return (Video)
Lin-Manuel Miranda, who penned the Tony Award-winning musical In the Heights during his time at Wesleyan University, returned to his alma mater to discuss the beginnings of his award-winning show.
In the Heights will be presented Nov. 12-16 at the CFA Theater.
With a book by Wesleyan's Shapiro Distinguished Professor of Writing and Theater Quiara Alegría Hudes, In the Heights received 2008 Tony Awards for Best Musical, Best Original Score (Miranda, Theater '02), Best Choreography and Best Orchestrations (Alex Lacamoire and Bill Sherman, Music '02).
The Wesleyan production is a collaboration between the music and theatre departments.
Associate professor of theater Cláudia Tatinge Nascimento will direct, with music direction by adjunct assistant professor of music Nadya Potemkina.
In the Heights, according to Wesleyan, "tells the universal story of a vibrant community in New York's Washington Heights neighborhood — a place where the coffee from the corner bodega is light and sweet, the windows are always open, and the breeze carries the rhythm of three generations of music. It's a community on the brink of change, full of hopes, dreams, and pressures, where the biggest struggles can be deciding which traditions you take with you, and which ones you leave behind." The CFA Theater is located at 271 Washington Terrace in Middletown, CT. For more information, click here.
Faygo Rock & Rye Slurpee (Photo: Faygo Beverages Inc.)
The Faygo Beverages Inc. company announced Monday they will offer their popular Rock & Rye drink in Slurpee form at 7-Eleven stores in Michigan and Ohio.
The Detroit-based Faygo company announced in a Tweet that “The people have spoken” and the drink will be available at stores. The spiced, vanilla cream flavor joins Redpop, the iconic strawberry soda and flagship flavor of the company.
Faygo Beverages and 7-Eleven started selling Redpop Slurpees at about 300 Michigan and Ohio stores in March. In May of last year, local 7-Eleven stores unveiled the Vernors Slurpee, featuring the flavor of another iconic Detroit-created soft drink. Vernors was created in 1866 by James Vernor in a downtown Detroit pharmacy.
Metro Detroiters have a thirst for 7-Eleven Slurpees. Customers in the Metro Detroit region consume more Slurpees than in any other market in the nation, 7-Eleven officials said.
The Dallas-based company introduced the Slurpee in 1966 and now sells more than 13 million a month.
Faygo started in Detroit 1907 as the Feigenson Brothers Bottling Work, founded by two brothers who were originally bakers in Russia.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1IzcgjB
Last month, Netflix released BoJack Horseman, an animated comedy series featuring a funky theme song performed by the Black Keys' drummer, Patrick Carney. Today, the crafty remixer Mitch Marzuola has layered the vocals from Kanye West's 2007 hit “Can't Tell Me Nothing” atop the opening credits music. The result? A startlingly successful mashup that takes Ye's song in a totally new, very experimental direction.
Since West has been dragging his feet on releasing new music this year, this mashup is the closest thing we have to a Yeezus follow-up, which is a very sad reality. (Those leaks of “All Day” and the allegedly Paul McCartney-assisted “Piss On My Grave” just aren't enough.) We'd like to propose Carney and West working together in real life after hearing “Kanye Horseman.” Stream the bastardized track below.
ESPN FC Podcast: On an Odemwingie and a Prayer
Peter Odemwingie was sent home from training on Friday as West Bromwich Albion look to limit the damage caused by his transfer deadline day embarrassment.
The Nigeria international reported with the rest of the squad at the club's training headquarters - hours after his failed trip to London to try to secure a transfer to Queens Park Rangers.
He gave an interview on Friday morning, suggesting West Brom were to blame for the chain of events. His stay at the club's training ground was brief as he was told not to train and has been given a few days off as Albion mulls over their next move concerning the 31-year-old striker.
Odemwingie will not be involved in head coach Steve Clarke's squad for Sunday's game against Tottenham at the Hawthorns, but has been told to return to training next week.
He held a 40-minute meeting with Albion's sporting and technical director Dan Ashworth shortly after he had intimated that the FA's new director of elite development gave him permission to head to London.
Odemwingie said: "I had a long chat with Dan and I have been given a few days off. I will be back for training next week."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Image caption South Korean marines patrol Yeonpyeong Island, shelled by the North in 2010
North Korea knows how to make headlines.
Over the past week, newspapers here in the South have turned Pyongyang's threats into front-page spreads: its promises of "pre-emptive nuclear strikes", "all-out war" and withdrawal from the 60-year-old Armistice Agreement that ended the Korean War.
South Koreans normally approach these kinds of declarations with a weary stoicism, barely pausing over their cappuccinos as they absorb the latest threats from their neighbour.
This time, though, the atmosphere here in Seoul is a little more anxious. While some dismiss it as just more of Pyongyang's bluster, others are worried by the volume and tone of the latest proclamations.
That goes for older South Koreans, in particular, say some.
Image caption Some see the North's Kim Jong-un (seated) as "not strong"
"Young Koreans are very desensitized," one friend told me. "If it enters their heads at all, it dissipates very quickly, replaced with the latest celebrity (gossip). But the older generation do feel differently on security issues."
"I didn't care about this issue until now," said another. "But I do worry this time around. The young North Korean leader is not strong, and I don't trust the new government here in the South."
Even South Korea's Unification Ministry admits the mood has shifted. "Overall, there's a heightened sense of alert this time," a spokeswoman said.
Not just because of the "more belligerent rhetoric" coming from Pyongyang, but because of the actions accompanying them.
North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket in December, its apparently successful nuclear test in February and the fresh UN sanctions imposed on it this month have all added to the sense of tension on the peninsula.
Some South Koreans are worried that the wrong lessons have been learned, and that if something small happens, it could escalate because the South Korean government doesn't want to be accused of doing nothing" John Delury, Yonsei University
Joint military exercises taking place here this month between the US and South Korean forces have also antagonised the North, just as they do every year.
The secretive communist state is due to begin its own large-scale military drills this week.
Few people here are expecting full-blown war, but in the current climate, there is concern over accidental escalation, especially after North Korea's decision to cut the military hot-line between the two sides at Panmunjom.
Even this though is not unprecedented. The telephone line at Panmunjom has been abandoned by the North before, most recently in 2010.
The year before that, it also announced its withdrawal from all joint agreements involving the South. And analysts point out that an alternative military communications line, used to monitor cross-border workers at the Kaesong Industrial Complex, remains open.
"I'm not so worried," another Korean friend told me. "Even though they have cut the hotline, I see their rhetoric as a plea for direct negotiations with the US."
Talking tough
But alongside Pyongyang's increasingly shrill denunciations, South Koreans are hearing some strong language from their own government too.
Image caption Park Geun-hye was just recently sworn into office
The country's new president, Park Geun-hye, who was sworn into office just two weeks ago, has vowed to respond strongly to any provocation.
Her government has said it will target not only the source of any attack, but also the North's top command.
That tough stance, while worrying to some, is likely to be a kind of "pre-emptive rhetorical deterrence", according to analysts such as John Delury, a professor of International Studies at Seoul's Yonsei University.
The idea that strong words could act as a deterrent to North Korean actions has gained traction since the lethal shelling of South Korea's Yeonpyeong Island in 2010.
As a government, Prof Delury says: "You're always fighting the last battle, and the last battle for South Korea was Yeonpyeong. The perception then was that North Korea had got away with shelling the island."
By talking tough, he believes Park Geun-hye wants to avoid any initial attack by the North.
But, he said, "some South Koreans are worried that the wrong lessons have been learned, and that if something small happens, it could escalate because the South Korean government doesn't want to be accused of doing nothing".
For all North Korea's familiar rhetoric, its past actions against the South have seemed carefully calibrated not to provoke a full-scale conflict.
The question is whether the young leader in Pyongyang will correctly judge the mood of its adversaries this time around.
Head coach Carlos Carvalhal has left Sheffield Wednesday by mutual consent.
The Portuguese arrived at Hillsborough in the summer of 2015 and steered the Owls to the Championship play-off final at the end of the 2015/16 season.
A second play-off campaign followed in 2016/17 but Wednesday were beaten at the semi final stage by Huddersfield.
This season, the Owls have slipped to 15th in the table at the halfway stage and Carvalhal has departed following the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Chairman Dejphon Chansiri told swfc.co.uk: “I would like to offer my sincere thanks to Carlos for the time, effort and commitment he has given Sheffield Wednesday over the last two and a half years.
“Both parties believe the time is right to go our separate ways.
“I maintain a huge amount of respect for Carlos as a coach and as a person and he will always be welcome at Hillsborough.
“I wish him every success in the future.”
Lee Bullen will take charge of the team for the trip to Nottingham Forest on Boxing Day and until a permanent appointment is made.
The club will be making no further comment at this time.
Mayor de Blasio on Friday vowed to shutter Rikers Island within a decade and replace the violence-plagued correction complex with “at least a few new facilities” to lock up inmates elsewhere in the city.
The mayor was vague on specifics, including the cost of the massive undertaking, what would be done with the Rikers property and the potential loss of thousands of Correction Department jobs.
see also Plan to shut down Rikers Island revealed A blue-ribbon panel led by former New York state Chief...
He also brushed off New Yorkers' fears about sharing their neighborhoods with dangerous inmates, saying there would be years of “endless hearings” and “multiple votes” by city officials.
“Anyone who's concerned — first of all, they should know there's no specific plan in place for any specific neighborhood or any specific size facility,” de Blasio said in a news conference in the City Hall rotunda.
“And if anything started to even be considered, it will trigger a very open, public process — the results of which are not a foregone conclusion.”
City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, who joined de Blasio at the news conference, allowed for the possibility of a jail in her own district, which covers East Harlem and the South Bronx.
“I'm open to it,” she said.
De Blasio's announcement marked an about-face from last year, when he rejected calls by Mark-Viverito and Gov. Cuomo to close Rikers.
At the time, he called the idea “a noble concept, but one that will cost many billions of dollars, and we do not have a viable pathway to that at this point.”
De Blasio unveiled his vision for Rikers a day after The Post revealed that a blue-ribbon panel headed by former state Chief Judge Jonathan Lippman would call for the compound's closure.
Lippman, who was absent from Friday's news conference, met with the mayor and speaker for 90 minutes Thursday evening and had planned to release his ­report Sunday, sources said.
Sources said de Blasio intended to steal Lippman's thunder with Friday's announcement.
“He wanted credit, and he wanted to preempt Lippman,” a source said.
Asked about the timing of his announcement, de Blasio said it had nothing to with Lippman's report, which he claimed he hadn't seen.
“It's been an ongoing conversation. In the last days, the conversations have intensified . . . It's as simple as that,” he said.
De Blasio also said a 9 percent overall reduction in major crimes over the past three years had put the city on track to whittle the Rikers population down from 10,000 to 5,000.
Lippman didn't return messages seeking comment, but his Independent Commission on New York City Criminal Justice and Incarceration Reform rushed out its final report late Friday afternoon.
In an introductory message, Lippman called Rikers “a stain on our great city” and recommended “without hesitation or equivocation, permanently ending the use of Rikers Island as a jail facility in any form or function.”
The 146-page report suggests:
Putting half of Rikers inmates back on the streets through bail reforms, an expansion of the city's “supervised release” program and other measures.
Building a new jail in each of the city's five boroughs at an estimated cost of $10.6 billion. Existing facilities in Manhattan, Brooklyn and The Bronx would be replaced with new jails built on city-owned land in Queens and Staten Island.
Slashing the number of city correction officers by almost two thirds, from 10,500 to 3,700. The number of civilian employees would remain stable “to promote positive, pro-social programming for those incarcerated.”
Potentially redeveloping Rikers with a third runway for La Guardia Airport, an “energy-from-waste facility,” a sewage-treatment plant and a “large-scale solar energy installation.”
State Sen. Marty Golden (R-Brooklyn) called the lack of details in de Blasio's announcement “rather alarming to many New Yorkers including myself.”
“It is startling to see a conceptual agreement on such a major issue, without an actual plan to maintain public safety in the City of New York,” said Golden, a ­former NYPD cop.
The Correction Officers Benevolent Association, whose longtime president, Norman Seabrook, was recently ousted over federal corruption charges, ­declined to comment.
Patrick Ferraiuolo, president of the Correction Captains Association, was upset that de Blasio hadn't asked the unions “for our input.”
“It's a big mistake. We have a lot of time on the job, a lot of experience,” he said.
“I have no problem with closing Rikers,” he added. “It's just a question of adequate facilities and making sure that safety is a major concern when they're built.”
Additional reporting by Shawn Cohen
In this time of economic austerity, when jobs are being slashed and Americans are fearful about their future, the Congressional recess is the time for our elected representatives to be home in their districts, reaching out to their constituents and servicing the people they are paid to represent.
Instead, this August one out of every five representatives will be taking a junket to Israel, compliments of an affiliate of the Israel lobby AIPAC (American Israel Public Affairs Committee) but still clocked in on the taxpayer's dime.
Americans who have lost their jobs and seen their life savings evaporate because Congress can't seem to get it together deserve an explanation of how this crisis will be solved. Following the recent debt debacle, the public is hungry for information about the mysterious 12-person “super committee” that will slash over one trillion dollars from the federal budget. But instead of opening their doors to their constituents, 81 members of Congress will be getting briefings from Israeli government officials, touring historic religious sites, and perhaps “seeking a salty dip in the Dead Sea.”
Representative Steny Hoyer, who is leading the Democratic delegation, said he is pleased members of Congress have this opportunity “to gain a deeper understanding of the issues involved in increasing stability in the region.” One has to wonder whether our elected officials are more concerned about the stability of Israel or the well-being of American families.
Not surprisingly, trip expenses are being paid by an affiliate of the all-powerful AIPAC lobby, the American Israel Educational Foundation. AIPAC lobbies hard to ensure that Israel is kept on the U.S. dole, with $3 billion of US taxpayers' dollars a year going to the Israeli military. Without AIPAC and the financial contributions to Congressional campaigns made by its affiliate organizations, our representatives would be freer to speak out against funneling precious taxdollars to this already wealthy nation. This junket goes to show that those who claim AIPAC has a stranglehold over our Congress are not far off the mark.
Going on an AIPAC-sponsored trip to Israel is the moral equivalent of using an Anglo-Boer travel company to visit apartheid-era South Africa. Although they claim to be visiting leaders “across the political spectrum”, including Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, you can bet your bottom dollar that AIPAC will not be giving these 81 Congresspeople a fair and balanced view of Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
They won't observe one of the weekly demonstrations in Bi'lin or Nabi Saleh, where Israeli soldiers routinely tear gas and arrest non-violent protesters. They won't spend time with grieving Palestinians whose homes have been demolished to make way for more Jewish-only housing.
They won't spend a few hours at a checkpoint to witness how Palestinians are detained, abused and humiliated, or how this “thriving democracy” forbids Palestinians from driving on Jewish-only roads.
They won't go to Gaza, where 1.5 million people are suffering under an unbearable siege, unable to travel freely, conduct business transactions across borders or even rebuild their homes destroyed by the Israeli invasion.
And they won't likely be visiting the burgeoning tent cities in Tel Aviv where hundreds of thousands of Israelis are currently camped out protesting the lack of affordable housing, gas and food.
With the disapproval rate for Congress at a record 82%, now is not the time for our representatives to pander to AIPAC. Now is not the time for “free” junkets to Israel—with an implicit promise of $3 billion of our taxdollars in return. Now is the time to stop the free fall of the American economy. If our representatives want to earn more respect from the American public, they better prove that their allegiance is not to a foreign government or a group that lobbies on behalf of a foreign government, but to their constituents back home.
Medea Benjamin
Medea Benjamin is cofounder of Global Exchange and CODEPINK:Women for Peace. She encourages you to contact your congressperson and ask where they will be this August recess. Call 202-224-3121.
Republished with the author's permission from AlterNet.
On Election Day, University of Florida students were caught on video tearing down both pro-Donald Trump and anti-Hillary Clinton posters and throwing them away at the nearest trash cans.
The incidents took place November 8 at Turlington Plaza, which is a primary free speech area on UF's campus. No authorization or approval is needed in this area for students to post literature, but those freedoms were not respected by several students who objected to the posters.
“This is messed up.”
[RELATED: ‘Trump Wall' triggers pro-Hillary students at Penn State]
Daniel Weldon, chairman of the school's Young Americans for Freedom chapter, recorded the vandalism in a series of videos, which also show him confronting the students and demanding that they explain their actions.
After initially refusing to answer Weldon's “terrible question,” one student eventually comes clean, admitting that she tore down the signs because “I don't agree with it; it's offensive.”
When another student is caught in the process of tossing one of the signs into a trash bin, she struggles to come up with an excuse for the behavior, and is eventually led away by a classmate who protests vehemently that “she has the right to tear down your signs.”
A third student was more upfront in taking responsibility, explaining that she tore down the signs because “this campus should not support violence, and that is violence.”
As the student attempts to explain the “difference between free speech and actually supporting violence,” a classmate interjects herself into the situation, attempting to cover the camera with her palm while declaring, “This is messed up.”
[RELATED: HS student accosted over Trump hat at EMU anti-racism rally]
“It is unfortunate how people so blatantly disrespect the rights of others during this election,” Weldon told Campus Reform, adding that “this election has exacerbated the growing problem of students putting down free speech on campus.”
Weldon claimed that the same pro-Trump and anti-Clinton posters have been targets of destruction all week, but said that no specific organization or group is known to have organized the stunt.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @CalebEcarma
Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey gave the sharpest rebuke that any governor ever gave to his State's Supreme Court. And he was right.
What did Chris Christie say?
Chris Christie appeared yesterday in a town-hall-style meeting in Toms River, New Jersey. Among other things, he discussed a New Jersey Supreme Court that has taken too much on itself.
No matter what we pass, the Supreme Court…believes that they are a superior branch of government, not a co-equal branch.
The governor was talking about the Supreme Court's recent ruling in Abbott v. Burke XXI. In that ruling, the Supreme Court said that Christie was not giving enough money to the State's schools. But this isn't a matter of students everywhere going without good textbooks. This is about special privileges to 31 arbitrarily chosen districts, called the “Abbott Districts” after Raymond Abbott, the original plaintiff.
What they did a couple of weeks ago, was that they passed an appropriations bill!…Well, I've read the Constitution. It is only the legislature that pass an appropriations bill, with the agreement of the governor!
Chris Christie singled out Justice Barry T. Albin for special criticism. Albin, at one point during oral argument, said:
Why don't you raise the millionaires' tax, and use the money from the millionaires' tax to spend on school funding?
In reply, the angry Christie said,
If Justice Albin is going to do that, why don't we all just go home?
He continued by saying that government in New Jersey had become a “dictatorship [of] the Supreme Court.”
Well, somebody had to say it!
And it might as well have been Chris Christie. When he took office last year, he warned the people that he would have to change the Supreme Court to make lasting reforms. And he was right. He's right about what he said yesterday, too. But he could have predicted this outcome.
Any Constitution, of the United States or of any State, now means whatever the particular Supreme Court says it means, any time it says it. Chris Christie said that this sort of thing had been going on for twenty years. Actually, it's been going on for at least thirty-five years. In Robinson v. Cahill (1976), the Supreme Court actually shut down all the schools in the State until the legislature enacted an income tax! And that is exactly why New Jersey has an income tax.
In his dissent in that case, Justice Worrel Mountain warned that the Court had broken new ground, by telling legislatures what to do. Now Chris Christie just said the same.
He won't satisfy his opponents by saying that. Steve Lonegan, his opponent in the 2009 primary, has said often that if he were governor, he would defy the Supreme Court. In short he would say, as Andrew Jackson might have said.
Barry Albin has made his decision. Now let him enforce it!
Well, even Judge Andrew P. Napolitano, formerly of the Essex Vicinage of the New Jersey Superior Court, wouldn't expect that of Chris Christie, or any other governor. (He has said so.)
So what should the people do about it?
Chris Christie made it clear: the Supreme Court of New Jersey is out of control. Supreme Courts in many other States are similarly out of control. Only one thing can bring them back under control: retention elections.
Right now, the State Constitution says that any judge or Justice must serve an initial term of seven years. Then the governor must reappoint him, and the Senate must reconfirm him. But once they do that, the judge or Justice stays in office until his seventieth birthday. And as Christie said, he remains “unelected, and unaccountable to the people.”
Clearly the seven-year “probation” is not enough. Justices and judges should have to stand for a simple stay-or-go vote every seven years. Nothing so crass as a political campaign need to take place, for no one would “run” against any given judge. Instead, if the judge failed of retention, the governor would appoint another.
Why such a drastic step?
Because either we make our Supreme Court answerable to the people, or else each State, and likely the country, too, becomes a dictatorship of the Supreme Court, if it isn't already. If Constitutions mean anything, then judges, and Justices of Supreme Courts, must abide by them. And if they don't, then the people must bring them to heel. Otherwise any Constitution is “a mere thing of wax” for courts to do what they want with, as Thomas Jefferson said.
Featured image: the United States Supreme Court. Photo: CNAV.
Photo: The Howard Stern Show
A true king of comedy and one of the biggest movie stars of all time, Bill Murray stopped by the Stern Show as something of a surprise. Howard announced a day prior to Bill's appearance that a very special guest would be coming on the show. On Wednesday morning, Bill sauntered in munching a delicious breakfast Danish and Howard asked for his thoughts on his co-stars, his movies, and almost everything else in the world. We compiled the best of everything here:
"Groundhog Day"
Bill said doing the classic movie "Goundhog Day" was rough, but he stuck it out because he knew it was going to be good. The production caused a rift between Bill and the film's director, the late Harold Ramis, that lasted for over a decade.
Harold Ramis
Bill said he sort of fought for Harold to be in the movie "Stripes" with him. The studio was interested in a bigger name for Harold's eventual part but Bill was confident that they could do it with him in the role. Howard asked if he and Harold ever had a chance to make up.
"Yeah, we made our peace a couple years ago," Bill replied.
Communication
Howard heard Harold wanted Bill to hire an assistant so they could communicate with him and Bill hired a deaf assistant to piss him off. Bill corrected Howard: "I happened to hire a deaf assistant because I had a moment of thinking 'What's it like to be deaf?' They may have thought he hired a deaf girl to piss off Harold, but that wasn't the case."
Even today, Bill is not into constant communication. It's hard to get a hold of him. He finally got a cell phone, but it's only to text his sons – he doesn't give his number out to very many people.
David Letterman
"David is a wonderful guy and he is my friend," Bill told Howard. Bill was even the first guest on Letterman's "Late Show." They've been to dinner but "he is also someone who has a whole lot to do."
Gilda Radner
Bill dated Gilda while they starred together on "Saturday Night Live." He described her as the type of woman where every single man was either in love with her, had been in love with her, or would be in love with her.
"Ghostbusters" and John Belushi
"It's great," Bill said of his hit 1984 movie. He wouldn't have gotten the chance to do the movie if John Belushi, another comedy great, hadn't passed away suddenly. "He was more fun than a barrel of monkeys," Bill said. "He could make fun out of nothing."
Awards
Bill is one of the most decorated comedy actors of all time, but he's not really wrapped up in awards and accolades. He appreciates that getting an Oscar nomination means more people will go see your movie, but the trophies he has just sit on a shelf in his house.
The Ones that Got Away
Howard asked Bill about some of the film roles he was reported to have turned down:
Tom Cruise's role in "Rain Man"? "There was something about 'Rain Main,' yeah," Bill said.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's role in "Kindergarten Cop"? Bill said he didn't think that was true.
Denzel Washington's role in "Philadelphia"? "You're warm with that one," Bill said. "I would've liked that movie."
Tom Hanks's role in "Forrest Gump"? Bill did have conversations about "Forrest Gump" but he said it didn't interest him. He still has not seen the movie.
Bill Hader
Bill Murray heaped enormous praise on "SNL" alum and yesterday's guest Bill Hader, when he told Howard "I think Bill Hader probably did the best work anyone ever did on that show."
Women
Howard asked Bill why he hasn't found the great love of his life. Bill said he does think about that, but he isn't lonely. Still, he'd like a date to an event like George Clooney's recent wedding.
Check out Bill's new movie "St. Vincent" which is already getting great reviews and Oscar buzz.
It's al­ways a lit­tle sad when some­one you like shar­ing your hob­by with feels they no longer wants to play Magic the Gathering. Years, some­times decades, of col­lect­ing and ex­pe­ri­ence sud­den­ly seems like it will go to waste. But why do peo­ple quit? Well, there can be a num­ber of com­plex rea­sons. I've seen a few very com­mon and fa­mil­iar themes in why peo­ple leave the game over the years of be­ing a col­lec­tor, a play­er, and now a writer about Magic.
The ques­tion we should be ask­ing our­selves is this: what can Wizards of the Coast do to help en­able fans to keep play­ing and col­lect­ing for the game they have loved so much over the years? Let's look at some rea­sons why peo­ple leave the game.
Feeling you've “Grown out of it”
The idea that MtG is just a game for teens, or that col­lect­ing for a TGC is some­how child­ish, is hard to shake. Magic the Gathering isn't as rec­og­nized as some oth­er “nerd” things that have be­come more fash­ion­able of late and as we get old­er we can feel un­der pres­sure from those around us to be “more ma­ture” or “grow up.”
There isn't re­al­ly a whole lot Wizards can do in this case, to be hon­est. As we'll see lat­er in, a lot of these rea­sons have to do with mov­ing on in life. After peo­ple leave high school — and es­pe­cial­ly col­lege — and start mov­ing into full‐time em­ploy­ment they can also lose time and in­ter­est in keep­ing up with the trends. As a play­er or a friend you can of­fer sup­port and ad­vice. Of course many peo­ple do just grow apart from the game and the com­mu­ni­ty. That's per­fect­ly fine, but I would ask peo­ple who feel un­easy about col­lect­ing and play­ing Magic be­cause of those around them to look for peo­ple in the com­mu­ni­ty to hang out with who share their pas­sion.
Losing a Store or Playgroup
I know peo­ple who've been pret­ty heart­bro­ken when a store they spent a lot of time at had to close shop. Being an in­de­pen­dent busi­ness is hard work, es­pe­cial­ly in small­er towns with­out a large play­er base. The un­for­tu­nate thing is that peo­ple in those out of the way lo­ca­tions need their lo­cal store the most of all be­cause it can of­ten be the only hub for Magic the Gathering with­in a rea­son­able dis­tance — es­pe­cial­ly for younger play­ers with­out cars. When a fa­vorite store clos­es, some play­ers just pack up their cards and move on. Not hav­ing that sup­port net­work of play­ers around you makes you more like­ly to want to quit the game.
The so­lu­tion to get­ting more peo­ple in store isn't based on al­low­ing stores to get their own prices for lim­it­ed al­lo­ca­tion prod­ucts; it's not a ques­tion of sell­ing. I think it's a ques­tion of en­cour­ag­ing play. People are al­ways go­ing to buy on­line if a prod­uct is dras­ti­cal­ly cheap­er, like a “From the Vault” prod­uct. I think what Wizards need to do is of­fer some kind of re­ward for play­ing in store. As the Professor over at Tolarian Community College so right­ly point­ed out, some­thing akin to the old “play­er re­wards sys­tem” might serve as a good way to get peo­ple in store where they are more like­ly to buy packs to draft, snacks and oth­er sup­ple­men­tary prod­ucts that can help keep stores in busi­ness.
In terms of a play­group break­ing up, that can have more to do with peo­ple hav­ing time con­straints and peo­ple be­com­ing des­per­ate af­ter they no longer have col­lege or work in com­mon. But it can also be due to frus­tra­tions in play­ing your favourite for­mat. Many play­groups just don't want to play Standard or Modern, and for­mats like Commander stemmed from these kinds of play­groups. As I said in my Pauper ar­ti­cle, Pauper is a great way to have a healthy, in­ex­pen­sive metagame in a ca­su­al for­mat with­in a play­group; Wizards has al­ready start­ed sup­port­ing Commander of­fi­cial­ly — why not of­fer more prod­ucts tar­get­ed at these kinds of play­groups?
Interpersonal Conflicts and Community Tension
This one is a lit­tle more con­tro­ver­sial. I know peo­ple who loathed go­ing to PTQs (Pro Tour Qualifiers) and oth­er large events. Snobby play­ers, poor or­ga­ni­za­tion, cliquish prac­tices, and the in­creas­ing per­va­sive­ness of so called “safe‐space” doc­trine can make many play­ers feel un­easy. I've had a few peo­ple come to me in pri­vate and ex­press their ap­pre­hen­sion at at­tend­ing an event due to its po­lices or ex­press­ing a wish to boy­cott in the wake of in­ci­dents like the — frankly un­fair — pub­lic sham­ing and ban­ning of promis­ing play­er Zach Jesse.
I think if Wizards and Hasbro wants to re­tain its hard­core au­di­ence who fol­low the com­pet­i­tive scene, and have sunk tens of thou­sands of dol­lars in some cas­es into the game over the years, they need to ad­dress their con­cerns with­out bow­ing to a loud mi­nor­i­ty. The rules for play­er ex­clu­sion need to be clar­i­fied and ap­plied more fair­ly if peo­ple are go­ing to feel com­fort­able at­tempt­ing to turn pro. The at­mos­phere in the Magic com­mu­ni­ty has been a lit­tle strained of late with the lat­est pan­ics about iden­ti­ty pol­i­tics, it's caus­ing many to qui­et­ly hang‐up their decks. Players qui­et­ly quit­ting Magic the Gathering be­cause they no longer feel wel­come in a “safe space” is a sad state of af­fairs that I would like to see dis­con­tin­ued.
Underwhelming Expansions
I know a whole swathe of play­ers who left the game af­ter Homeland and Fallen Empires, who have sub­se­quent­ly re­turned to the game. I'm sure there are a lot who didn't come back. Magic had a bit of a slump in places, and that was main­ly due to poor qual­i­ty ex­pan­sions, es­pe­cial­ly those in the wake of the first few spec­tac­u­lar sets that came out. Kamagawa block is also cit­ed by some as a quit­ting point due to me­chan­ics that were fid­dly — even with­in the set — and had no ap­pli­ca­tion out­side of the set.
Newer play­ers can feel at­tached to the block they be­gin play­ing in, so if there is a wide­spread feel­ing the sub­se­quent ex­pan­sion isn't worth buy­ing, or is under‐powered, then they may think the game is de­clin­ing in qual­i­ty. Thankfully Wizards R&D has seemed to gen­er­al­ly get the mes­sage and slumps in qual­i­ty are usu­al­ly re­versed in time, but they can have a dra­mat­ic ef­fect on the size of the player‐base and can take years to re­coup. I'm al­ways meet­ing peo­ple who say “I stopped play­ing be­cause I hat­ed X ex­pan­sion” and that's un­for­tu­nate.
Quality is ob­vi­ous­ly sub­jec­tive, but Wizards of the Coast needs to en­sure new ex­pan­sions are up to par and pro­vide a de­cent amount of game­play and val­ue for re­turn­ing play­ers. To their cred­it, they've been de­cent at do­ing this the past few years.
Large‐Scale Card Bannings
Modern and Legacy decks are a large in­vest­ment for any play­er. Many peo­ple spend years trad­ing up and con­sol­i­dat­ing their col­lec­tion into one top‐tier deck to use in com­pet­i­tive tour­na­ment play. Having your com­bo pay­load or the lynch‐pin of your deck banned can cause your deck that cost hun­dreds or even thou­sands of dol­lars to be­come un­playable and de­val­ued overnight. What are you go­ing to do? Spend a whole lot of time and re­sources trad­ing away to cob­ble to­geth­er an­oth­er vi­able way to play the for­mat you love, or drop a huge sum of mon­ey to buy a re­place­ment deck right away? Some play­ers just de­cide they had a good run and the game isn't for them any­more when this hap­pens. This ef­fects com­pet­i­tive play­ers on a tighter bud­get most of all, and is why Wizards needs to avoid be­ing too ban hap­py. The lat­est ban­ning of Treasure Cruise and Dig Through Time in both Modern and Legacy was a lit­tle un­for­tu­nate in my view as they were rel­a­tive­ly cheap stan­dard le­gal cards that peo­ple could start to make in­roads into Eternal for­mats with. Making for­mats feel less ac­ces­si­ble or nulling a new, pow­er­ful deck is al­ways bad for play­er re­ten­tion.
Large‐scale bans in Standard can have an even more dis­as­trous ef­fect. A whole host of new­er play­ers will have the deck that was let­ting them win at Friday Night Magic sud­den­ly null and void. It brings into ques­tion the in­tegri­ty of the game and its de­sign. Players open­ing boost­ers from the cur­rent set and find­ing cards they can't play in Standard is a real feel‐bad mo­ment and can con­fuse new­er play­ers. This is why Wizards is so scared to print any­thing too risky in Standard as it has had a clear record in Standard bans since the 2011 Jace/Stoneforge Mystic de­ba­cle.
“ I don't Have Time to Play Anymore”
Real life hap­pens. Many of us work 40 hours plus weeks and com­mute to and from work. Some of us don't even get week­ends off or work odd shifts and hours. It is re­al­ly pos­si­ble to lose the abil­i­ty to make it to Friday Night Magic. This is where the ad­van­tage of hav­ing a play­group comes in; hav­ing friends that play Magic who you can sync up sched­ules with is vi­tal for keep­ing up play through tough times due to work or fam­i­ly.
This is sad­ly a very com­mon cause of play­ers sim­ply be­ing un­able to play, and thus los­ing the mo­ti­va­tion and con­nec­tion with the game need­ed to care about col­lec­tion. Wanting to do some­thing, lov­ing some­thing, but sim­ply not hav­ing time to do it can be de­mor­al­iz­ing and de­press­ing, but your well be­ing and the peo­ple around you should al­ways come first. Hang in there folks. You can al­ways re­turn to the game. We feel your pain.
The Financial Burden
Magic is ex­or­bi­tant­ly ex­pen­sive to be com­pet­i­tive at if you are not high­ly knowl­edge­able on how to get the best out of the Magic af­ter­mar­ket (also see our “MTG on a Budget” ar­ti­cles.) I've known peo­ple who feel they have to spend more mon­ey than they have or else have no chance at ever win­ning a game. Budgets can be very rel­e­vant: a $50 prod­uct is noth­ing to one per­son but is be­yond their means to an­oth­er. I know play­ers who've cho­sen MTG over rent or food; nev­er a wise choice.
This is a place Wizards of the Coast re­al­ly can help. As I said in my analy­sis of Modern Masters 2015, there needs to be a de­ci­sion made as to whether Wizards are mak­ing the game more ac­ces­si­ble or ap­peas­ing the in­creas­ing­ly spec­u­la­tive sec­ondary mar­ket. Cards that are Standard sta­ples need to be in­clud­ed in sup­ple­men­tal prod­ucts if the price of decks is not go­ing to spi­ral, es­pe­cial­ly when most ef­fi­cient re­moval spell is now bumped up to rare, and as I stat­ed in my re­view of the newest Clash Pack, hav­ing cards that are rel­e­vant in Modern and Standard in prod­ucts with a fixed price point is very healthy for the game as a whole. A bet­ter val­ue game al­ways means a more ac­ces­si­ble game.
Supplemental prod­ucts are too fo­cused on a small num­ber of col­lec­tors when they need to be more fo­cused on get­ting cards into cir­cu­la­tion. What is meant to be a boon for brick and mor­tar stores more of­ten than not is jumped on by on­line price‐gougers and spec­u­la­tors who dri­ve up prices to in­sane lev­els. I feel Wizards is still too timid with reprints of bad­ly need­ed sta­ples; they be­have like this in the 90s when the Magic af­ter­mar­ket was still try­ing to es­tab­lish its le­git­i­ma­cy. We have en­tire in­dus­tries ded­i­cat­ed to the sec­ondary mar­ket now; it can sur­vive a lit­tle heat be­ing tak­en out of it now and then.
Rotation and the Focus on Standard
The biggest fac­tor in new­er play­ers leav­ing Magic, in my ex­pe­ri­ence, is their first ro­ta­tion. People get very en­thu­si­as­tic about the game, buy a whole load of boost­ers and as­sume their col­lec­tion is al­ways go­ing to be rel­e­vant. I don't think they re­al­ize how bad­ly ro­ta­tion af­fects the val­ue of their cards, or how it means they will be forced to re‐build com­plete­ly to con­tin­ue play­ing Standard. Cycling out cards caus­es many new­er play­ers to rage‐quit as their ex­cit­ing top‐tier deck is sud­den­ly a pile of worth­less bulk con­signed to the stor­age box.
As ex­pe­ri­enced play­ers, we know to sell off the cards we don't want or those that aren't ap­plic­a­ble to Modern be­fore ro­ta­tion to eke out some val­ue. It's be­come a year­ly tra­di­tion and will soon hap­pen more fre­quent­ly as small­er ro­ta­tions hap­pen more reg­u­lar­ly. The fact that the vast ma­jor­i­ty of rares have ab­solute­ly no playa­bil­i­ty or val­ue once they leave Standard isn't some­thing new play­ers tend to un­der­stand. Building a deck and grow­ing at­tached to it is a feel­ing we all know and is some­thing es­pe­cial­ly keen with your first Standard deck. We used to take bets at my old shop on which play­ers would and wouldn't still be here post‐rotation.
This is one area that I think Wizards of the Coast needs to great­ly im­prove. In the vast ma­jor­i­ty of sit­u­a­tions the fo­cus is on Standard, es­pe­cial­ly at a lo­cal and store play lev­el. Some stores still strug­gle to fill Modern events, so we still have a chick­en and egg sit­u­a­tion where peo­ple aren't ex­posed to Modern enough to know any­thing about it's metagame. I don't play Standard — I think it's a tread­mill of wast­ed mon­ey — but for the first year of play­ing MTG I didn't re­al­ly know much about the al­ter­na­tives. Everything I saw pushed Standard, and to a less­er ex­tent the cur­rent draft for­mat. It took me a long time to re­al­ize in­vest­ing in Eternal for­mats was a su­pe­ri­or op­tion in every way. Most long time play­ers I know are like me; “I used to keep up with stan­dard un­til X” is what I hear a lot of. Eventually we all get off the Standard tread­mill and much of the time that means leav­ing the game be­hind.
I know Wizards has said they want Eternal for­mats like Modern be more af­ford­able, but if the mud­dle of Modern Masters 2015 is any­thing to go by then those re­main just emp­ty words. Standard is the first port of call for com­pet­i­tive play and new play­ers large­ly don't seem will­ing to keep on re‐building a deck for what can amount to hun­dreds of dol­lars, and will be worth pen­nies in just a few months. Supporting bet­ter al­ter­na­tives to Standard at sanc­tioned events will great­ly help the re­ten­tion of new play­ers. Support of for­mats like Commander is a great step in the right di­rec­tion, but I still meet new play­ers all too of­ten who I know are in for a hard land­ing when pieces of their beloved deck ro­tate out and they are un­fa­mil­iar with the al­ter­na­tives.
Beyond sell­ing packs, I hope that Wizards has the good sense to al­ways be look­ing for ways to fos­ter the com­mu­ni­ty bet­ter. Sometimes that will mean putting long‐term sus­tain­abil­i­ty over short‐term gain. But Magic has ex­ist­ed for a long time and will hope­ful­ly ex­ist for a lot longer.
Net neutrality is a foundational principle in the digital age. But for too long its future has been uncertain due to changes in leadership and politics. That is why it's important for Congress to do what only it can do through a bipartisan process: enshrine the principals of net neutrality into law.
Wednesday's announcement by Chairman Ajit Pai that the FCC will open rulemaking proceedings to reverse the Title II regulations put in place by the last administration does not change the need for a law. In fact, it shows what a political football net neutrality has become.
ADVERTISEMENT
While politicians seem disinclined to agree on anything these days, there are good reasons why they should work together on this. While net neutrality proponents were pushing for the Federal Communications Commission to regulate the internet under Title II of the Communications Act of 1934, many of them instantly suffered from buyer's remorse when the FCC did just that in 2015.
They realized that subjecting the internet to utility-like regulations may not be the best way to encourage innovation around privacy, security and new features that could not only make our lives more efficient but delight us. Companies like Netflix backtracked on their support for Title II.
The problem with Title II is that although it does, in theory, ensure that all data is treated equally and that companies can't carve out fast lanes, it also opens the door to the internet being frozen into a time capsule that discourages network modernization, the next wave of innovation and competition among providers. The digital world moves at the speed of light. To slow that growth to the speed of bureaucracy would have serious negative effects on the burgeoning tech industry which is creating jobs faster than almost any other industry out there.
Another problem is that while the previous administration was happy to enforce net neutrality through Title II, it's now clear that the current administration would like to keep the tenets of net neutrality in place, but toss Title II into the regulatory dustbin. Chairman Pai has shown that he's an advocate for the principals of net neutrality — he just doesn't agree that the internet should be regulated like a utility.
So here we go again. Proponents of each side of the argument are gearing up for another bite of the regulatory apple as the FCC reopens the debate around net neutrality. Public interest groups are preparing to raise millions by shouting fire in a crowded theater and striking fear into the hearts of consumers. Their counterparts on the right are firing up their many D.C.-based lobbyists to argue for total deregulation.
I used to refer to net neutrality as a food fight. I was wrong. It's a holy war dressed up as the plot to Groundhog Day. As everyone ramps up the rhetoric, perhaps it's finally time to stop doing the same thing over and over and consider another path.
If net neutrality is as important as we all think it is, then perhaps we should do more to ensure its survival. We can't do that by watching the pendulum swing back and forth between Title II and deregulation. We can't do it through regulations that can be eviscerated every 4 to 8 years (or whenever there's a regime change in Washington).
We need a law.
Once again, CALinnovates calls upon Congress to take the hint and get to work. By making net neutrality the law of the land, a political hot potato gets replaced by clarity and certainty, not just for a presidential term or two, but well into the future. And the new law must guarantee key protections for consumers and innovators that are at least as strong as those provided in the Open Internet Order.
There are two reasons why you might have heard one of the newest chants sung by Manchester United fans. The first is that these supporters remain the Premier League's nosiest and most consistently impressive away support. And the second is because its lyrics prompt a debate about precisely what Jose Mourinho's side are all about.
Based on the Herman's Hermits' hit song "I'm Into Something Good," which reached the top of the UK charts amid Beatlemania in 1964, its lyrics are simple and catchy. Against Hull in January, for example, they were sung continually for 10 minutes.
Woke up this morning feeling fine
Got Man United on my mind
Jose's got us playing the way United should, oh yeah
Something tells me I'm into something good.
Mourinho appears delighted with the chant, as he told Portuguese TV this week: "The song that the supporters dedicate to me, in contrast to other clubs where the chants were related to my name or Special One, or the Portuguese One; here it's something where they are feeling good and are happy with the way I am leading them."
The Old Trafford manager has repeatedly spoken about the importance of creating "a Manchester United DNA" and playing attack-minded football, so this apparent approval from the club's fans presumably means a lot to him.
In a sense, the chant is comparable to a song sung for David Moyes at the start of his ill-fated reign four years ago in which, to the tune of Slade's "Cum On Feel The Noize," supporters called for him to "Play like Fergie's boys." That, though, was a request for the team to play in a certain way, whereas the Mourinho tribute is a celebration of playing in a certain way.
But what is the "Manchester United Way," and how much does it tally with Mourinho's own approach to the game? A look back suggests that there are elements in the current team's style of play that are a continuation of approaches in the past.
The beauty of United's football throughout the Sir Alex Ferguson years, for example, has been somewhat exaggerated. Those were winning teams that sometimes played great football, rather than a great footballing team, which sometimes won.
Ferguson continued the United tradition of playing with great width and, in his early days, of starting games at a high tempo with a focus on getting the ball into attacking zones quickly. But he adjusted his approach as time went by; inevitable, considering his 26 years in charge coincided with sweeping changes to the nature of the game.
He became more pragmatic, more cautious and, occasionally, his sides were actually rather defensive. In European competition, for example, United became masters of controlled, efficient victories rather than wonderful attacking demonstrations. Some of their finest performances came as a counter-attacking side and, while everyone remembers outstanding goals on the break, such an approach also involved long spells of sitting deep and defending solidly.
Sir Alex Ferguson's success at Manchester United was built on being able to adapt to any situation his team faced.
During 2008-09, United went on an extraordinary Premier League run, in which they kept 14 consecutive clean sheets. Amid some one-sided victories, though, were two 0-0s and eight 1-0 wins. Two seasons later, Ferguson started an FA Cup tie against Arsenal with seven defenders in his line-up: Wes Brown, Chris Smalling, Nemanja Vidic, Patrice Evra, John O'Shea, Rafael and Fabio. United won 2-0.
Ferguson's United were about getting the job done and he relied heavily upon unglamourous, functional players, who could be relied upon to "do a job" alongside the likes of Eric Cantona, Ryan Giggs and Cristiano Ronaldo. The regime was characterised by the likes of Brown, O'Shea, Phil Neville, Darren Fletcher and Danny Welbeck: Homegrown, reliable players who were tactically disciplined, versatile and wouldn't let anyone down, especially in big games.
The trendsetter for those that followed was Brian McClair, Ferguson's most underrated player. He was a talented scorer upon his arrival in 1987, scoring 24 league goals in his debut campaign. But McClair increasingly dropped into deeper roles and became renowned for his discipline. Ferguson called him a "brainy player" and one match in 1994-95 against Liverpool showed his value.
United were overrun early in the game, with John Barnes dictating proceedings. After 59 minutes and with the score 0-0, Ferguson introduced McClair, who not only nullified Barnes, but also made dangerous forward runs to expose Jan Molby's lack of pace. Suddenly United were in control and McClair fittingly scoring the second goal in a 2-0 win.
Ferguson learned one of his most important tactical lessons that day and subsequently plumped for "tactical" players in big games. For example, Roy Keane's versatility was often crucial over the next couple of campaigns, until Ferguson realised he was needed permanently in central midfield.
Park Ji-Sung was another from that versatile category in Ferguson's later years, while the closest player to that type in United's current squad is Jesse Lingard. It's tough to say precisely at what he excels, but he is tactically disciplined, efficient with the ball and capable of playing in various positions.
He also scores the odd thunderbolt, as witnessed at Middlesbrough on Sunday, but that's not particularly typical of his style. Lingard is more a player who does a job than a spectacular individualistic talent; the type whose efforts often go under the radar, but who helps win the battle in a particular part of the pitch.
It's notable that he came through United's youth system when the academy director was McClair. Lingard was often coached by Nicky Butt and also mixed with first teamers like John O'Shea, as seen in this fantastic footage. McClair, Butt, O'Shea -- it's a footballing education that creates a certain type of player and, while having a fine technique, Lingard is a more responsible tactical weapon.
And it is this, more than anything, which represents the "Manchester United Way." At Arsenal, Lingard would face constant questions over his best long-term position, a la Theo Walcott or Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. At United, the focus will be upon his best position for the upcoming game and he has the ideal manager to make the best use of him.
Mourinho's career has been characterised by turning wide attackers into defensively aware, tactically-disciplined footballers. Lingard somehow represents both the Manchester United way and the Jose Mourinho way. The two are closer in identity than many think, so it's no surprise that Mourinho's men are "playing the way United should.'"
Michael Cox is the editor of zonalmarking.net and a contributor to ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @Zonal_Marking.
THE CHALLENGE ARRIVES FALL 2016!
Despite a war-torn land, elders from rival nations still convene to try and find peace. The tool for that diplomacy? The elegant, and time-honored game of Paiko. Outwitting another elder on the game board wins you the respect you need to make your case for peace in the land. Can you out-fox your opponent and win that coveted prize?
Expanding our “abstract tactical” line, after The Duke, comes Paiko, a one-on-one strategy game optimized to cater to intuitive players. In Paiko, each tile you place expands your territory with its Threat, giving you more options for placement outside your homeground while blocking your opponent. Enough Threat can capture your opponent's tiles, a pleasant secondary objective, but don't let it distract you from the goal: place enough tiles on the board to win the game!
The Chinese and Russian will hold their largest-ever joint naval exercise from July 5-12 in the Sea of Japan, a Chinese official announced on July 1.
Fang Fenghui, Chief of the General Staff of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA), said that “Joint Sea 2013/Naval Interaction 2013” made the announcement during a visit to Moscow. The following day, the Ministry of Defense in Beijing said that four destroyers, two missile frigates and a support ship, would participate in the exercise, which will be conducted in the Bay of Peter the Great. The vessels left the port of Qingdao on June 28.
Fang said the exercises did not target any third party and were meant to strengthen cooperation between the two armed forces and to enhance their capability in coordinating military operations to help safeguard regional security and stability. The exercises are also part of ongoing efforts by the PLA Navy to familiarize its naval officers with operations away from China's traditional theater of operations.
Zhang Junshe, deputy director of China's Naval Military Studies Research Institute, told Chinese media that a total of 19 surface ships of various types — seven from China and 12 from Russia — will take part in the exercise, along with one submarine, three fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, and special warfare units. According to Zhang, this will also be the first time that a Russian Sukhoi Su-24M Fencer bomber take part in joint exercises with China.
Based on various pictures posted on the Internet, the PLA Navy vessels involved in Joint Sea-2013 are the Type 052C (Luyang II class) Lanzhou (170); Type 052B (Guangzhou class) Wuhan (169); the Type 051C (Luzhou class) Shenyang (115) and Shijiazhuang (116); the Type 054A (Jiangkai II class) Yancheng (546) and Yantai (538) and the Hongze Lake comprehensive supply ship (881). At least three ship-based helicopters will take part in the exercise.
Japan, which is locked in a territorial dispute with China over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islets in the East China Sea, will pay close attention to Joint Sea 2013, which Zhang described as bringing military ties between Russia and China “to a new level.”
During the July 1 meeting, Fang and his Russian counterpart, Army General Valery Gerasimov, also confirmed the dates for Peace Mission 2013, a joint Sino-Russian anti-terrorism exercise, which will be held in Chelyabinsk, in Russia's Urals region, from July 27 to August 15. The first Peace Mission exercise was held in 2005.
Interestingly, the PLA Navy will also participate in the U.S.-led multinational Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) exercise next year. However, from discussions with various defense officials in the region, there seems to be little agreement among traditional allies as to the role — which is likely to be limited and “less sensitive” — that the Chinese Navy is to be given during the exercises. Some analysts have pointed to the risks that the PLAN could collect useful intelligence through its participation in RIMPAC at a time when it is becoming increasingly belligerent towards its neighbors.
Some historians like to claim socialist ideas helped bring about gay rights in the modern era. But they're mistaking academic theory for reality.
Jim Downs is a historian at Connecticut College and Harvard. A specialist in the history of race and slavery, he has recently published a new book, Stand by Me: The Forgotten History of Gay Liberation, in which he tries to move recent gay history away from an excessive focus on sex and AIDS.
Downs also has a new article in the digital magazine Aeon, in which he writes, "Throughout the 1970s, LGBT people theorised about the benefits of socialism in books and pamphlets and critiqued capitalism in the growing newspaper and print culture." He goes on to discuss "LGBT groups" and newspapers that "made socialism a leading subject of political interest in the movement." Most significantly he argues that "if you want to give credit for gay liberation and marriage equality, credit must also go to socialism."
There are several things wrong with this. First, it's overstated. I was around in the 1970s, and I'd say that socialism was a pretty marginal part of the gay community or even the gay rights movement. Gay activists definitely leaned left, but they were focused on advancing gay rights through the Democratic Party.
Second, there were gay libertarian writers around at the time, too, in academia, in the popular press, and oriented around the Libertarian Party, pointing out the benefits of free markets and the problems with socialism.
Third, the use of LGBT is anachronistic. The term was hardly if ever used in the 1970s. (He doesn't use it much in the book.)
But the claim is more than overstated. It's wrong. And Downs' own article offers the evidence. In the midst of his article on how socialism infused the gay rights movement and led to gay liberation, he notes the work of historian John D'Emilio on how "capitalism enabled LGBT to move to cities and to be independent from the family as a source of income. Once capitalism created the opportunity for people to live autonomously, it unwittingly allowed LGBT people to privilege homosexual desire as a driving force in their lives."
Despite his leftist leanings, D'Emilio saw the world more clearly than Downs does. All the advances in human rights that we've seen in American history—abolitionism, feminism, civil rights, gay rights—stem from our founding ideas of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The emphasis on the individual mind in the Enlightenment, the individualist nature of market capitalism, and the demand for individual rights that inspired the American Revolution naturally led people to think more carefully about the nature of the individual and gradually to recognize that the dignity of individual rights should be extended to all people.
Those intellectual trends quickly led to feminist and abolitionist sentiments. It took longer for people to take seriously the idea of homosexual activity as a matter of personal freedom and to recognize homosexuals as a group of people with rights. But the libertarians and their classical-liberal forebears got there first. From Adam Smith and Jeremy Bentham to the Libertarian Party and the Cato Institute (where I work), libertarians were ahead of the intellectual curve in applying the ideas of individual liberty to gay people.
Capitalism is more than an idea, of course. It's a set of social institutions, which Downs correctly notes came under scathing attack from gay socialists. But as D'Emilio recognized, it was capitalism that in fact allowed individuals to live autonomously and to flourish. Capitalism freed people from feudalism and from the family farm. It allowed them to construct their own lives in a market society with space for separate personal and professional lives. It gave them the freedom and affluence to live on their own.
Capitalism led to industrialization, which led to urbanization, which offered the anonymity of the city to anyone who chafed under the strictures of the family and the village, as well as the chance to find people who shared one's interests.
The writer Eric Marcus produced a book of interviews with gay activists called Making History. What his subjects illustrated—even when they didn't realize it themselves—was that it was the freedom to leave home and the affluence that allowed people to do so that enabled them to move and to choose lifestyles they wanted.
In 1982 the Australian scholar Dennis Altman wrote:
The real change in the past decade has been a mass political and cultural movement through which gay women and men have defined themselves as a new minority. This development was only possible under modern consumer capitalism, which for all its injustices has created the conditions for greater freedom and diversity than are present in any other society yet known. For those of us who are socialists, this presents an important political dilemma, namely how to guard those qualities of capitalism that allow for individual diversity while jettisoning its inequities, exploitation, waste, and ugliness.
Of course, anyone who finds "inequities, exploitation, waste, and ugliness" in capitalist countries probably hasn't lived in socialist countries. But like D'Emilio, Altman understood the real institutional foundations for modern gay life and gay identity.
These effects of capitalism didn't happen just in Europe and the United States. In China's Long March to Freedom, the Chinese-American scholar Kate Zhou writes that when housing was owned and allocated by the state, it was generally allocated only to married couples. Once housing was privatized, single people and gay couples could purchase or rent accommodations. Freer property markets have also led to the creation of gay bars, something that state housing authorities would not have been likely to allow.
Look around the world, and it's clear that the countries with the most freedom for gay people are those with a high degree of economic freedom. Countries that are actually socialist rank at the bottom of every measurement of political freedom, civil liberties, personal freedom, and LGBT rights.
Of course, some countries that are called "socialist," such as Denmark, Sweden, and Canada, are not in fact socialist. They have political and economic systems based on private property, free markets, liberal values, and high levels of taxes and transfer payments—not quite libertarian but definitely market economies.
That's not what the gay socialists of the 1970s were aiming for. They wanted real socialism, an end to market relationships. The countries that have implemented such a system, from the Soviet Union to Tanzania to Venezuela, have been rather less successful at sustaining both prosperity and personal freedom than the capitalist countries.
Those gay intellectuals talked a lot about socialism, but they lived in capitalism. And it was the capitalist reality, not the socialist dreams, that liberated gay people.
Michael Ignatieff is living life in reverse. Most people opt for their most demanding roles early on, then a quieter life. But after a career in philosophy, novel-writing and journalism, Ignatieff chose politics in his native Canada, followed at the age of 69 by his most difficult role to date: rector of the Central European University in Budapest. It is a task that has led him into battle to defend academic freedom against the onslaught of the Hungarian government, as its populist prime minister, Viktor Orbán, strives to bring the CEU to heel through a new education law.
Under recent Hungarian legislation aimed at overseas-registered universities, staff will have to acquire work permits, which the CEU says will restrict its ability to hire staff. The government is also demanding that the university open a wing in America and that it no longer teach US-accredited courses.
Hungary's liberals find a hero in their battle against Viktor Orbán Read more
Ignatieff and the university have secured the support of the European Union, which has launched legal action against Hungary over its new law. Brussels says it breaches the CEU's right to exist and serve its students. Last week, as Orbán came out fighting when he addressed the European parliament, defending his law and claiming the real clash between him and the EU was about refugees, Ignatieff was in London, also talking about refugees.
Orbán has refused to take Hungary's allocated number of refugees under an EU plan to deal with the exodus of people fleeing strife in Africa and the Middle East. Ignatieff, who was giving a lecture at the University of East London, described how the CEU, founded 25 years ago by the financial speculator George Soros , has striven to educate refugees, offering them the chance to transform their fortunes.
Some say that it is this work in particular that has provoked Orbán's ire, and Ignatieff told his London audience that outreach operations with asylum seekers marooned in camps on the Hungarian border had been a point of conflict with the Orbán administration.
But – perhaps mindful of how the Hungarian government might monitor his every word – the CEU's rector was at pains to point out: “We do not work with illegal immigrants. Every government has the right to protect its borders and its country's sovereignty. The issue here is demonisation of people, the ‘othering' of others.”
Before he took up his post at the university last year, Ignatieff had been teaching at Harvard. In 2011 he had stepped down from the leadership of the Liberal party of Canada.
“If you want to see hunger for learning, you see it in refugees,” he says. “We are proud to provide them with the education we can offer, albeit limited. Our hope is that by educating refugees, others will regard these folks as human beings.”
At the start of the refugee crisis, this recognition of the essential humanity of asylum seekers was apparent in the response of ordinary Europeans. Ignatieff recalls that the police in Munich asked on Twitter for extra food and blankets for refugees; people turned up with supplies within 20 minutes. The same happened at first in Hungary, he said.
“Now politicians are making a wilful attempt to confuse economic migrants with refugees – that is a distortion of the facts,” he says indignantly.
As he notes, refugee crises are not new in Europe. They happened after the first and second world wars, as well as after the Russian revolution, which brought his grandparents to Dover in 1919, where they were welcomed by the British. Ignatieff was born in Canada and had a peripatetic childhood while his father worked for the Canadian diplomatic service.
After an early academic career which brought him to King's College, Cambridge, he moved into writing and broadcasting in Britain, which brought a Booker prize nomination for his novel Scar Tissue, a stint as a presenter of BBC2's The Late Show, and a column in the Observer. In those London years he became a public intellectual, Renaissance-man pin-up, thanks to a shock of black hair, an educated Canadian drawl and a laidback persona. In 2003, Maclean's magazine named him Canada's sexiest cerebral man.
The dirty tricks that demonise George Soros | Nick Cohen Read more
Today, the hair is greyer and this is a far more impassioned Ignatieff. “I have done many things in my career but one thing I had not done was run an institution. When I arrived in Budapest, at first the government was very welcoming. But the geopolitical scene has changed and this is a fight I care about tremendously. If it is my job to defend academic freedom, then I will do it.”
It is also a chance for Ignatieff to reinvent himself as a darling of the progressives, who were dismayed by his take on international relations after 9/11. In 2003, he published Empire Lite: Nation-Building in Bosnia, Kosovo and Afghanistan, which argued that the US had a responsibility to create a humanitarian empire through nation-building and even force. That same year, this philosophy led him to support the invasion of Iraq, causing him to be criticised by human rights activists. Later, Ignatieff wrote a mea culpa.
Now he is on the front line of the consequences of that invasion and the other recent traumas in the Middle East, as refugees make their way through Europe. But while his defence of academic freedom might please them, progressive thinkers may be surprised by his take on the refugee crisis, for his critique includes the theory that human rights law does not work as a solution. He points to the way that human rights of different groups now compete with one another and, faced with refugees, others counter the new arrivals' rights with their own. The solution, he says, is to not depend on such a legalistic approach but to return to a concept of hospitality, found in religions.
“There is a deep tradition of welcoming the stranger in many religions, but while you have that culture you also have people struggling against fear. And this is genuine fear, it is not racist. You can't just lecture people about doing their moral duty. Somehow we have to recover a sense of solidarity.”
Bitcoin A ‘Brave' New Benchmark: Putting the Browser's Hype to the Test
We previously tested a very early build of Brave to see what kind of performance the new browser was packing. The thing is, that build wasn't feature-complete or optimized for release. Now that it's out in the wild (users are still waiting on the promised Bitcoin-centric features mind you) with all of its bells and whistles we thought we'd revisit our initial tests, and cast a wider net to give you a good metric for Brave's real-world performance as it stands.
Also read: Mycelum Gets P2P Tumbling
Is it as fast as it was before release? Is the responsiveness a nice bonus to their browsing experience, or is it just placebo compounded by novelty? We've rounded up six modern browsers, including a peek at the still-in-infancy Mozilla Servo, and tested them rigorously in an attempt to answer these questions.
Brave Benchmark Data
Each Browser is the latest version available, stock standard with no customization whatsoever, with the exception of Firefox, which is heavily extended and in use as my daily driver. I included it in testing to give a baseline for performance after long-term use and customization.
These are the normalized scores for each benchmark we ran. It's hard to see a clear performance champ, but Brave initially looks healthy. Note that Vivaldi, Chromium and Brave are all based on Chrome, so we can reasonably expect them to perform similarly, though Brave is anecdotally supposed to be more performant. Speedometer seems heavily skewed towards Chrome optimization as well:
Here we see memory consumption with a large amount of tabs opens. Brave consumes the second highest amount of memory out of all the browsers tested. Something to consider, as it may not run as well on systems with less than 8GB of RAM:
Interesting side note: I attempted to benchmark a release optimized build of Servo to see how far the project had progressed, and I very quickly got my answer — not very. The only thing I could get to run was Mozilla's Dromaeo JS suite, which puts Servo's performance at a little below a customized Firefox:
Here are the Peacekeeper Platform-Neutral Benchmark scores, relative to Brave's performance. The picture starts to get a little clearer here:
And the aggregate normalized scores from every benchmark used in our tests:
Benchmark Conclusions and Recommendations
Brave is disappointingly slow, performing the worst out of the box, and only beating my extended and abused installation of Firefox. It even underperforms the aggregate average that includes Firefox as a negative outlier.
It also comes in second to last on system resources, and given the lack of promised bitcoin integration and the abysmal privacy situation hidden under a veneer of ad-blocking, I see little to no reason to use this new browser. It might be an upgrade if you're moving from Internet Explorer or Safari, (or a really dirty installation of Firefox) but the UX feels like a portal into the mid-2000's, and any performance increase you'll feel is an almost guaranteed placebo.
If you want a pretty, clean, user experience, try out Vivaldi. It performs similarly, and there's a lot of thought put into the UX. Need privacy or just hate web advertising? Install a few add-ons in Chromium or Firefox.
Want to get paid BTC to view ads? Try getting in early on an MLM scheme, because there's no word on when that'll be coming to mainline Brave. Given time, and assuming the devs make good on all proposed features, this browser may become attractive, if not blazing fast. Until then, stick with what you've got, or try one of the other perfectly serviceable browsers represented in the benchmarks.
Questions about the browsers covered here? Leave them in the comments!
Barack Hussein Obama can claim he is the FIRST for many things – not at all flattering. Here's a short list, but feel free to add your own recollections at the bottom and pass along:
First President to be certified by the DNC Chairman, Dean, and Speaker of the House, Pelosi, to be eligible to run for President, instead of the customary home state certifying him.
First President to accrue a staggering $10 Trillion in new Fed. Gov Debt and $200 Trillion in unfunded liabilities. . . more debt than all Presidents before him combined.
First President to terminate America's ability to put a man in space and turn NASA into “Muslim Outreach.”
First President to be photographed smoking a joint.
First President to apply for college aid as a foreign student, then deny he was a foreigner.
First President to have a social security number from a state he has never lived in.
First President to preside over a cut to the credit-rating of the United States.
First President to violate the War Powers Act.
First President to be held in contempt of court for illegally obstructing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico.
First President to require all Americans to purchase a product from a third party.
First President to spend a trillion dollars on "shovel-ready" jobs when there was no such thing as "shovel-ready" jobs.
First President to abrogate bankruptcy law to turn over control of companies to his union supporters.
First President to bypass Congress and implement the Dream Act through executive fiat.
First President to order a secret amnesty program that stopped the deportation of illegal immigrants across the U.S., including those with criminal convictions.
First President to demand a company hand-over $20 billion to one of his political appointees.
First President to tell a CEO of a major corporation (Chrysler) to resign.
First President to cancel the National Day of Prayer and to say that America is no longer a Christian nation.
First President to have a law signed by an auto-pen without being present.
First President to arbitrarily declare an existing law unconstitutional and refuse to enforce it.
First President to threaten insurance companies if they publicly spoke out on the reasons for their rate increases.
First President to tell a major manufacturing company in which state it is allowed to locate a factory.
First President to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect (AZ, WI, OH, IN).
First President to withdraw an existing coal permit that had been properly issued years ago.
First President to actively try to bankrupt an American industry (coal).
First President to fire an inspector general of AmeriCorps for catching one of his friends in a corruption case.
First President to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.
First President to surround himself with radical left wing anarchists.
First President to golf more than 330 separate times in his eight years in office.
First President to hide his birth, medical, educational and travel records.
First President to win a Nobel Peace Prize for doing NOTHING to earn it.
First President to go on multiple "global apology tours" and concurrent "insult our friends" tours.
First President to go on over 28 lavish vacations, in addition to date nights and Wednesday evening White House parties for his friends paid for by the taxpayers.
First President to have personal servants (taxpayer funded) for his wife.
First President to keep a dog trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense.
First President to fly in a personal trainer from Chicago at least once a week at taxpayer expense.
First President to repeat the Quran and tell us the early morning call of the Azan (Islamic call to worship) is the most beautiful sound on earth.
First President to side with a foreign nation over one of the American 50 states (Mexico vs Arizona).
First President to tell the military men and women that they should pay for their own private insurance because they "volunteered to go to war and knew the consequences."
Then he was the First President to tell the members of the military that THEY were UNPATRIOTIC for balking at the last suggestion.
Only President to have muslim rugs and icons in the White House.
Only President to be a mulato (never lived in a ghetto, much less understand their plight).
Only President to fail in ALL Foreign policies he tried!
Only President to issue more Executive Orders than all past presidents as his ideologies and policies were not aligned with U.S. Congress.
Only President to study under the auspices of a radical Socialist-Marxist and believed in Alinsky's socialist "redistribution of wealth"!
Only President raised as a child in a mostly Muslim society, Indonesia!
Only President to attempt and give rights to illegal immigrants under Daca and Dapa, by executive order.
Only President that will live to see his pathetic legacy dismantled by the next President of the U.S., Donald J. Trump!
Only President who sided with and invited Black Lives Matter and other radical groups to the White House more than a dozen times, a group that chanted on the streets, "we want dead cops"!
Only President who will go down in American history as THE worst ever, so far, and as a supreme failure in all 8 years, politically, economically and unwilling to follow the Rule of Law as never before.
A new Google-made "entertainment device" that can connect to home electronics via Wi-Fi is now being tested in employees' homes. An FCC filing from December shows that the company requested permission to test about 250 of the experimental units in four cities from mid-January to July of this year. Users will apparently "connect their device to home Wi-Fi networks and use Bluetooth to connect to other home electronics equipment."
We can't be sure what the filing refers to, but it sounds very similar to Android@Home, which would connect home appliances like lights or washing machines to smartphone applications. Android@Home was announced last year, but we haven't heard much about the service lately. Whatever Google has, it's apparently "in the prototype phase," and this test run will evaluate both how well it works and the "throughput and stability of the home WiFi networks that will support" it. Further changes will be made after that, so unless you're one of the lucky 252, don't expect to see this any time soon.
I had a dream a long time ago. All my Power Ranger buddies were dead and I alone was left in my giant robot. All my problems were now monsters, stalking me in an endless maze of a city. Friends, enemies, family, all were there. At the most hopeless point, my Mother called to remind me she loved me.
Mental health, the pressures of living in a modern society, the economy of the human soul: all are topics that I find interesting and yet most films that tackled these subjects always seemed doomed to be slow or boring. Every person has problems. I wanted to make the problems of everyday life as epic as it is to all of us who live it.
Mind City Terror is a tribute to all the people in the thick of it. Don't give up. Somebody out there loves you. It's why we keep fighting.
Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers have the highest probability of winning the 2017 World Series, per FanGraphs. (Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
Repeating as World Series champs isn't easy — no team has won back-to-back titles since the 1998-2000 New York Yankees — but the Chicago Cubs will start the 2017 season as a heavy, 7-to-2 World Series favorite. Yet, according to FanGraphs, it is the Los Angeles Dodgers, at 8-to-1 odds, that have the best chance of winning it all this season.
The competition around the league is always improving, and the Cubs saw a large exodus of major league talent in the offseason without making significant moves to replace it. Aroldis Chapman, Dexter Fowler and David Ross moved on, and the team traded Jorge Soler to the Kansas City Royals for reliever Wade Davis. Chicago also added Jon Jay as a possible platoon in center with Albert Almora Jr., and will have to hope its young catcher, 24-year-old Willson Contreras, can replace Ross.
[NL Central preview: Cubs could win it again. Reds could be among worst teams ever.]
The loss of Fowler, the team's center fielder and leadoff hitter, could hurt the most. His 0.393 on-base percentage from the leadoff spot was the highest in the majors last season among leadoff hitters with at least 500 plate appearances, prompting manager Joe Maddon to move Kyle Schwarber into the top spot of the lineup. But hitting won't be the Cubs' problem — they are expected to be the best-hitting team in the majors this season, producing 27.4 wins above replacement. It's the pitching that will let them down, and ultimately give the Dodgers the edge.
[Cubs leading off with Kyle Schwarber would be outside the box and right on target]
The Cubs' rotation, on paper, sounds like one of the best in MLB, with Jon Lester, Jake Arrieta and Kyle Hendricks, a surprise Cy Young contender last season, providing three capable starters who could each be considered an ace. Chicago's entire starting rotation — the only starters who produced a sub-3.00 ERA as a group in 2016 — led the majors in ERA (2.96) last season, more than a half a run better than the Washington Nationals (3.60), its closest competition. But there are warning signs this group won't be able to repeat last year's dream season.
According to the team's Fielding Independent Pitching, which measures what an ERA would look like over a given period of time if the pitcher or team in question were to have experienced league average results on balls in play and league average timing, the Cubs' ERA should have been 3.72, giving Chicago the largest difference between real and expected ERA since 2006, the first year of leaguewide drug testing. The five teams directly behind them on the leader board all suffered an ERA decline the following year. The 2014 Cincinnati Reds, the team the 2016 Cubs dethroned from the top spot, saw their ERA decline by more than a run from one year to the next (3.37 to 4.58).
In other words, Chicago's rotation overachieved last season, and were much closer to an average pitching staff than the final results suggests.
The Dodgers, meanwhile, had an ERA (3.95) in line with all three of those metrics and they get Clayton Kershaw back in the rotation. Projections have Kershaw going 16-7 with a 2.33 ERA for the Los Angeles Dodgers, striking out 254 batters over 208 innings while producing 7.4 wins above replacement, the most in baseball, making him the odds-on favorite to win this year's Cy Young Award. His presence, along with the rest of the rotation, should give Los Angeles the edge in terms of ERA and wins above replacement for the upcoming season.
The loss of the flame-throwing Chapman by the Cubs will also tilt the odds in the Dodgers' favor.
Since 2010, Chapman ranks first in strikeout percentage (42.6 percent) and batting average against (.156) and second in OPS against (.497) and ERA (2.08) among pitchers with at least 1,000 batters faced. His fastball tops out at an MLB-record 105 mph, with 369 pitches registering in excess of 100 mph on the radar gun last regular season, 177 more than Mauricio Cabrera, who has broken the century mark the second most among MLB pitchers. Chapman's average velocity of 98.9 mph is the highest in baseball since 2010, his rookie year.
Davis, his replacement, has a fastball that averages 95 mph with a high point of 98 mph, allowing Chapman to strike out over four more batters per nine innings.
This isn't to say the Cubs won't compete for another championship ring or that they'll make a first-to-worst slide in the NL Central, but the pitching concerns — on the mound and in the bullpen — are enough to discount them from World Series favorites in favor of other teams with less risk.
Gilbert Burns makes a quick turnaround as he draws Northern Ireland's Norman Parke and makes it his third consecutive fight in his native Brazil whilst in the UFC.
Portal do Vale Tudo was the first to announce the match-up early Saturday.
Burns (10-0) is perfect as a professional with nine finishes in ten wins. Since joining the UFC in mid 2014, Burns has amassed a record of 3-0 in the promotion. Making his debut at welterweight and going the distance for the first, and only time in his career, Burns would drop to lightweight shortly thereafter and pick up consecutive armbar victories over Giagos and ‘Cowboy' Oliveira, with the latter being on March 21. He picked up post-fight bonuses after both of these wins.
Parke (20-3-1) was the lightweight winner of ‘The Ultimate Fighter: Smashes' as a member of Team UK under coach Ross Pearson. Since making his debut in late 2012 at the finale, Parke is 4-1-1 in his 6 fights in the UFC with decisions over Tuck, Tokudome and Fletcher. After drawing with Leonardo Santos he went on to finish Naoyuki Kotani before losing a split decision to veteran Gleison Tibau.
This fights placement on the card is unknown at this time, but it's safe to assume it will be one of the featured bouts on the main card.
UFC Fight Night 67 (UFC Goiania) takes place on May 30 in Goiânia, Brazil at the Goiânia Arena. It will be headlined by a fun welterweight contest between Thiago Alves and a returning Carlos Condit.
_______________________
Follow Mike on Twitter (@MikeLovesTacosX), and keep up with the latest MMA news from MMASucka via Twitter (@MMASucka) and Facebook
The Islamic State group's branch in the Northern Caucasus region of Russia released a video Saturday that showed the execution of an alleged Russian spy. The new ISIS video reportedly called on Russian Muslims to “kill apostates” in the country and threatened to carry out an attack on President Vladimir Putin.
In the video, which was released on social media, the group's militants in Chechen — commonly referred to as Chechnya — urged Muslims in Russia to join ISIS' fight against the West, claiming that "the Caliphate is already here,” according to the Jerusalem Post.
The video reportedly begins with a news report being broadcast on a Russian TV channel about a car bombing that hit the town of Dzhemikent in Dagestan province on Feb. 15, killing two Russian police officers. The video later shows the militants in front of a black ISIS flag talking about the importance of "striking the apostates,” the Jerusalem Post reported.
"Today we do have a place where we can implement Sharia. Thanks to Allah, we have many brave brothers here with us and millions of Muslims in Russia. Let's get together my brothers, seize a territory and expand it,” one of the leading members of the group reportedly said in the video. "If someone does not find us, he shall start killing Russian apostates on his own. It is not difficult to find weapons in Russia."
The video ends with the execution of an alleged Russian intelligence agent, who is reportedly shot by one of the militants.
Russia has had heavy security presence in the Muslim-dominated North Caucasus region since separatist wars were waged in Chechnya in the 1990s. Islamist rebels in Dagestan, a restive region just east of Chechnya, have been making several efforts to join ISIS.
After ISIS claimed responsibility for the downing of a Russian Metrojet plane over Egypt in October 2015, resulting in the death of all 224 people on board, Moscow, which began targeting the Sunni-militant group in late September, intensified its attack targeting ISIS strongholds in Syria.
(AP) MARRAKECH, Morocco — A stampede erupted while food aid was being distributed in a Moroccan village Sunday and at least 15 people died and 10 were injured, authorities said.
The crush took place in Sidi Boulalam as a local association was handing out food at a local weekly “souk,” or market, the Interior Ministry said in a statement. The town is in Essaouira province, which abuts the Atlantic coast southwest of Casablanca.
King Mohammed VI has given instructions that “all measures be taken to help the victims and their families,” the ministry said. The king will pay for the hospitalization of the injured and burials of the dead, the statement said.
Alyaoum24.com, a reliable local news website, reported that people were rushing for the food aid whose value was about $16 per person.
Regional health director Khalid Zenjari told The Associated Press that six of the injured were evacuated to the city of Essaouira, about 60 kilometers (35 miles) away, while four were treated locally.
Distribution of food aid is common in the North African nation, particularly in remote areas. The handouts are organized by private sponsors and groups as well as by the authorities.
Often held once a week in rural areas, souks are usually very busy places. People from nearby villages come to the markets to buy food and others items for the following week.
A drought has greatly hurt agricultural output in Morocco recently, contributing to the high cost of basic food items.
SXSW: Low-Budget Producer Jason Blum on The Secret of His Success
Everybody wants to know the secret to Jason Blum's success. If there was a turning point for the indie producer, it was, of all things, “The Tooth Fairy,” the big-budget studio film starring Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. Having worked in acquisition for Miramax in the '90s, Blum eventually left to forge his own path as an indie producer. “I produced eight movies, 7 1/2 of which nobody has ever heard of,” Blum told the audience at his SXSW keynote address earlier today. “I got frustrated making movies nobody had heard of,” he explained. So he went on to produce “The Tooth Fairy.”
“I couldn't stand it. It was what I thought I
always wanted. I was there every day in the trenches and I hated everything
about that job. But what I loved — and what I got from ‘The Tooth Fairy' — was to see how studio movies were released,” he explained.
The experience inspired him to create Blumhouse Productions and a business model that relies on low-budget films ($3-5 million) using experienced directors looking for creative control. After “Paranormal Activity” made Hollywood take notice, Blum stuck with the successful model and repeated the success with low-cost franchises like “Insidious” and “The Purge.”
“Everyone thought I was nuts because everyone thought ‘Paranormal Activity” was a magic trick… Then we had the sequel to ‘Paranormal' and ‘Insidious' and ‘Sinister.' Recently, we had ‘The Purge' which was the moment when the establishment finally was like ‘this guy is on to something.'” According to Blum, “Purge” cost $3 million and grossed $80 million worldwide.
Blum outlined the key elements of his low-budget model:
1. Everybody above the line works either free or for scale. If an actor asks for a trailer or other frills, he'll tell them, “You can have all those things, but you have to pay for it yourself. But more often than not, those things go away.”
2. Never work with first time directors. “We work with experienced directors. We make a deal — we're not going to pay you a lot, but you get to do what you want to do. Most directors get final cut. It's ‘auteur' filmmaking, but for commercial movies… I tell directors: ‘I can't promise you a hit, but I can promise you the movies is going to be yours.' When you work for a studio, they pay you a lot of money, but in exchange for that, they tell you what to do.
3. Cut down on time spent negotiating. The way we structure our backend, we key the payments to the box office — so that cuts the negotiating way down and it's very transparent. One of the things I'm most proud of is that we're really transparent with our process.”
4. Don't release every movie wide. “One of the benefits of doing low-budget movies is you don't have to release them wide to recoup. You can release it in a smaller way, make your money back and keep going.”
5. Don't go with the hot directors. “The directors that everyone's chasing, we're not chasing. If someone says ‘we're meeting every studio in town,' I always say they should enjoy those meetings and shouldn't come here. My perfect director would be James Wan, who had done “Saw” and had two difficult experiences with a studio. He couldn't get a movie made and had a ton to prove and there was no way ‘Insidious' was not going to be a great scary movie… Experienced directors can do a lot more with less.”
6. Story and character matter — even in horror movies. “The scares don't work if the story and characters work… if you take away the toys, the director has nothing to focus on but those
things. I think it makes the movie stronger.”
7. Don't think about a sequel until the original is shot. “Whenever anyone is doing an original movie and they say ‘we want to end it this way for the sequel,' I always say ‘don't do that.' You can always figure out a sequel, but it's really bad to plan for a sequel. We don't think about the sequel. We think about making a really good movie and if it's good, we think about a sequel.”
8. Shoot in Los Angeles. Blum said he shoots 80% of his films in Los Angeles because “you get the best actors” and talent is willing to accept a smaller paycheck if it means they can “kiss their kids goodnight.”
Now that Blum has a number of financially successful movies to his credit, he is using that power to shepherd non-genre indies such as “Whiplash,” which recently received raves at Sundance. “I could never have made ‘Whiplash' five years ago,” said Blum, who also produced “Creep,” which is having its world premiere at SXSW.
Talking about the future of film distribution, Blum emphasized that “a wide release shouldn't always be the golden ring” and anticipated that theatrical windows will eventually collapse. “The fact that we haven't collapsed windows is pushing the best artists into TV,” he said, “‘True Detective' wouldn't have happened eight years ago.” Along those lines, he's trying to emulate his low-budget film model in TV. “We're interested in having the same conversation with showrunners that we're having with directors… Let's make 10 episodes for $300,000 each.”
When asked for advice about how to break into the industry, Blum urged the crowd not to wait for approval from Hollywood. “The advice I give for filmmakers starting out is don't wait for me. Don't wait for the industry… It's a mistake to wait for Hollywood to tell you you have a good idea. If you have a good idea, try to make it on your own as cheaply as possible… on your phone.”
READ MORE: ‘Insidious' Producer Jason Blum on ‘Ouija,' His Low-Budget Production Model and Breaking into TV
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
