In one week, the Donald Trump and Mike Pence administration completely destabilized the nation and the world. The president used executive orders that it's unclear he even understands deregulating industry, expand executive power, and, most recently, ban immigration to the US from seven Muslim-majority countries.
That last move sparked outrage across the country and the world on Saturday, particularly at New York City's JFK Airport. A protest at the Queens County airport grew quickly. By 5 p.m. the New York City Taxi Workers Alliance announced a one hour shut down for pickups in solidarity.
With similar protest erupting across the country, the time for a general strike has never been better.
David Klion makes the case better than I can.
The US economy has a annual GDP of $18.56 trillion. That works out to a little over $50 billion dollars a day. If we use a rough estimate of 10% profit on that daily GDP, that's a loss of $5 billion dollars every day.
One day of that would shake the global economy to its core. If the people of the US promised to continue it until Trump and Pence are gone, it wouldn't even take 36 hours to get a new and responsive government.
And if the new government doesn't respond?
We'll do it again.
The time is now.
Update:
The ACLU won a stay of the executive order at 8:50 p.m [further update: for those in transit; the wider ban stands]. This would have been impossible without widespread protest. Showing up works.
One battle down.
Courtesy of Kenny Liao
Though ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Sidecar made their peace with California regulators a year ago, it seems there may be a new battle afoot.
The California Public Utilities Commission sent a warning letter to Sidecar on Wednesday saying it was breaking the law by testing its new Shared Rides, or carpool, feature.
The letter says that under California law it's illegal for "charter-party carriers" to charge passengers an individual fare when carrying multiple people in one vehicle. The CPUC also says Sidecar never requested a modification of its existing permit to provide the additional Shared Rides service.
Basically, what this means is that it's going to be difficult for ride-sharing services to offer customers the option of carpooling with strangers and sharing a fare.
Sidecar began testing its Shared Rides feature in San Francisco in May and started promoting the option last month. In August, the company said that 13,000 passengers have used its app to share a ride with a stranger and split the fare -- saving them up to 50 percent on rides. The service is still in its testing phase.
A Sidecar spokesperson told CNET this was the first time the company had heard of any CPUC issues with its Shared Rides feature. And the peer-to-peer car service is concerned that certain state laws could stifle innovation.
"Our biggest reservation about agreeing to be regulated by the CPUC was that it would slow down our ability to continue to innovate," the spokesperson told CNET. "This letter demonstrates our fears were founded."
Uber and Lyft also announced in August that they were rolling out similar carpool features. Uber spokeswoman Eva Behrend told CNET the company hasn't received a warning letter from the CPUC and that Uber would like to work with regulators to allow for carpool services.
"While we haven't been contacted by CPUC, we welcome the opportunity to work with them to craft a framework that embraces the significant benefits of uberPOOL and helps bring its unmatched convenience and affordability to communities and traffic jams across the Golden State," Behrend said.
CNET also contacted Lyft for comment and will update this story when we get more information.
Nearly two years ago, news broke that the CPUC issued cease and desist letters to Uber, Lyft and Sidecar. After a yearlong battle, the car-sharing services and California regulators finally came to an agreement that allowed the burgeoning ride-sharing industry to exist as long as it adhered to set safety standards. But apparently that agreement didn't mean the end of the road in regard to regulations.
Police Director Joel Pagdilao and Chief Superintendent Edgardo Tinio. File/Composite
The National Police Commission (Napolcom) has claimed Monday it found pieces of evidence to pin two police officials in the drug trade.
Napolcom Vice Chair Rogelio Casurao has identified Police Director Joel Pagdilao and Chief Superintendent Edgardo Tinio as those with "probable cause," or with pieces of evidence that appeared to support accusations that they were protectors of drug syndicates in the country.
Casurao said the investigating team found documentary evidence that may prove President Rodrigo Duterte's publicly-made accusations against the police officials.
"There will be basis already to come up with probable cause, a lot of standard operating procedures and police operating procedures have not been observed," he said.
"Under our present rules it can warrant an administrative investigation that can lead to a verdict that will involve separation from service," said Casurao.
Casurao said Pagdilao and Tinio have until Tuesday to file their replies after receiving the requests from Napolcom last Friday.
"The investigating team sent request to Director Pagdilao and Dir Tinio because they have to be given the chance to file their comment, these are not formal charges yet, only findings arrived by team" he added.
Casurao said while they have not found any direct link yet to Pagdilao and Tinio's alleged participation in the drug trade, being a "protector" under their rules includes non performance of duties that should have stopped the drug trade.
"When you protect is when you turn a blind eye on the misbehaviors. If you don't do anything to put a stop to the (drug) incidence, that could be interpreted as a form of protection and coddling," he said.
Casurao explained that they have examined a lot of personalities who were assigned in illegal drugs units under the PNP and found out something about Pagdilao and Tinio that could fall under their definition.
"Karamihan nakita namin mga tao manning all these units did not have the proper training, tapos sila sila rin andyan, umikot ikot lang, there is a pattern of incompetence, they are just talking among themselves on the drug operations," Casurao said.
Casurao added that while there have been reshuffles in certain units, same people operate within the units.
"Itong mga taong ito sila sila rin yung lumilitaw na personality, that gives us a strong belief somehow that these people are involved in drug business," he said.
"If these findings remain undisturbed, to me it is enough basis to come up with a probable cause," he added.
Casurao has also advised his embattled colleagues on how to address the accusations.
"Depending on your explanation we will find whether we have reason to hold out further investigation, go specific on your defense," Casurao said.
Another accused, Chief Superintendent Bernardo Diaz, is not yet off the hook. Casurao said they have yet to establish probable cause since more evidence about Diaz are coming in and it has to be thoroughly confirmed and verified.
"On the third respondents (Diaz) we're still trying to evaluate, we have identified certain individuals who could shed light," he said.
"More evidence are coming, may hinihintay pa kami, but itong sa dalawa (Pagdilao and Tinio) can already stand," Casurao said.
He explained that based on their timetable, Napolcom would be able to submit their report to Duterte before the end of August.
SafeD
by Bartosz Milewski, a member of the D design team
I've seen some very good programmers move away from C++ in favor of languages like Java or C#. Being a hard-core C++ programmer myself, I wondered why anyone would want to switch to a less powerful and less efficient language. Mind you, I could understand why a newcomer would opt for a simpler, flatter-learning-curve language but, once somebody invested the time and effort to become proficient in C++, why in the world would they want to abandon it?
The universal reason I've heard from the turncoats was “productivity.” The consensus seems to be that programmers are more productive using Java, C#, Ruby, or Python then they are using C++.
What are the major impediments to productive programming in C++?
Horrible syntax is one. This is actually more serious than it sounds. A good programmer can probably master some pretty horrible syntaxes given enough time. The problem is that C++ syntax and grammar is not only human-unfriendly but also parser-hostile. The fact that the Java market is saturated with productivity boosting tools is the reflection of the language's parseability. I have to yet see a C++ programming environment that would offer such powerful refactoring tools as are commonplace in Java.
Language safety is the other major factor. C++ is notorious for presenting a never ending gallery of opportunities to shoot yourself in the foot. In fact C++ not only provides the opportunity to write dangerous code, it encourages it. At some point a major C++ compiler vendor marked a portion of STL algorithms as "deprecated" because of safety concerns. In particular the C++ Standard Library, in accordance with the spirit of C++, extends the number of ways a buffer overflow bug might sneak into your program.
One notorious example is the std::swap_ranges algorithm, which takes three iterators. The first two iterators are supposed to delimit one range, the third one marks the beginning of the second range. No testing is done whether the second range doesn't extend past the end of the container. When it does, virus writers rejoice!
The pipe dream of programming language designers is to be able to guarantee that if a program compiles successfully, it will work. Of course you have to be reasonable about your definition of a "working" program. For instance, you might require that the program will never get "stuck"—a term which has a precise meaning in computer science, but loosely means that the program will not GP-fault on you (it is stuck in the sense that there is no well-defined system-independent next step). Languages that have such a property are called "sound".
Guess what, there is a well-defined (and meaningful) subset of Java that is sound. Real-life Java programs, for practical reasons, stray outside of this sound subset; but at least the use of unsafe features is less prevalent and easier to spot in a Java program than it is in a C++ program. In practice, a Java compiler will detect more bugs in your program than a C++ compiler, and that translates directly into less time spent debugging—ergo, higher productivity.
So what are the good features of C++?
Performance is one. It's really hard to beat C++ performance. If your program has to be fast and responsive you have little choice but to write it in C++ (or, in rare cases, in C or assembly).
Then there are the low-level features of C++ that let you write programs interacting directly with hardware. For instance, C and C++ are still kings of embedded programming.
C++ offers powerful abstractions, in particular the ability to write generic code. Java and C# have their own generics but they are feeble compared to what C++ has to offer.
All these features make C++ an ideal language for writing operating systems. Operating systems are huge programs that have to be fast and interact directly with hardware. But even outside operating systems there are a lot of applications that have to be large and fast.
So it looks like the programming world could be nicely partitioned between C++, Java, C# and the likes. And it all makes sense as long as you believe in the unavoidability of tradeoffs. But there is no law of nature that says, You have to trade productivity for power.
What about a language that is built like an onion. It has a reasonably simple and safe core, which is not unlike Java or C#. A programmer can quickly master a safe subset of it and be as productive as a Java programmer (if not more). And what if the safe subset offered performance that was comparable to C++?
And then, the same language has outer layers that can be mastered gradually, as the need arises. It offers low-level features to grind the hardware, and high-level features to generate code on demand. It offers modularity and implementation hiding. It has unrivaled compile time features that enable lightning fast runtime performance.
I'll let you in on a secret, this language is D.
Programming Pitfalls
Did you know that the famous "Hello World!" program, which is usually the first program people write in C, exposes some of the most dangerous features of the language? It contains this statement:
printf ("Hello World!
");
printf
int printf (const char * restrict format, ...);
Consider the signature of
( restrict is a new C keyword.) First of all, it's a function that takes a variable number of arguments. The number and the types of arguments are encoded in the format string.
When is the match between the format and the argument list checked? Not at compile time—the compiler has no understanding of the format string (although some compilers may issue warnings if the string is statically known). At runtime then? Well, guess again. Consider this: If the programmer makes a mistake of calling printf with too few arguments, he or she will not get a nice error code or exception. Here's what the C Standard says about this situation:
If there are insufficient arguments for the format, the behavior is undefined.
Undefined behavior is the worst thing that may happen to a program. If you're lucky, the program will fault and terminate without prejudice. If you're not so lucky, the program will continue in a compromised state and, in the worst case, it will execute malicious code that will take over your computer.
The second dangerous feature of printf is its use of a pointer. It is up to the diligence of the programmer to ensure that a pointer points to a valid piece of data. In the "Hello World!" example, the pointer points to a null-terminated static string, so we're fine. But the following program will compile too:
char * format = 0; printf (format);
Guess what happens. Inside printf the pointer is dereferenced and then all bets are off. Again, citing the C Standard,
If an invalid value has been assigned to the pointer, the behavior of the unary * operator is undefined.
Let's talk about pointers some more. Every memory allocation returns a valid pointer (unless the program runs out of memory). You might think that dereferencing such a pointer would be safe. That is correct as long as your program doesn't free the allocated memory thus ending the lifetime of the object. After that, you are dealing with a dangling pointer and all bets are off. Again, C Standard is pretty upfront about it.
Among the invalid values for dereferencing a pointer by the unary * operator are a null pointer, an address inappropriately aligned for the type of object pointed to, and the address of an object after the end of its lifetime.
As you can see, C was not designed for the faint of heart. It's a low-level language and the programmer better know what he or she is doing or suffer the consequences.
C++ is different though, right?
Throughout its history, C++ has been struggling with C legacy. A lot of constructs have been provided to patch the unsafe features of C. For instance, the "Hello World!" program in C++ might be transformed to a safer version.
std:cout << "Hello World!" << std::endl;
There is no variable argument count, and the std::cout object is smart enough to understand the types of arguments passed to it (still, many programmers continue using printf in C++, if only for its syntactic simplicity).
Unlike in C, memory allocation in C++ is typed and combined with object construction (as long as you stay away from malloc and free ). That's the good part. However, objects still have to be explicitly recycled (deleted). And after recycling, the program is still left with dangling pointers, whose dereferencing—you guessed it—leads to undefined behavior.
Whereas pointers were important in C, C++ embraced them as the main vehicle for the Standard Library. STL algorithms use iterators, objects that are either pointers themselves or imitate the behavior (and the pitfalls) of pointers. Just like with pointers, a programmer's error in using iterators leads to undefined behavior (see the swap_range example).
In response to C/C++'s inherent lack of safety, languages like Java and C# took a different path. They either ban pointers altogether or relegate them to special "unsafe" blocks. Memory management, with its risk of accessing recycled data, is taken away from the programmer and dealt with by automatic garbage collection. There are many other simplifications and safety improvements over C++. Unfortunately they all come at the expense of expressive power and performance.
The SafeD Subset
In D, we expect the vast majority of programmers to operate within the safe subset of D, which we call SafeD. The safety and the ease of use of SafeD is comparable to Java—in fact Java programs can be machine-translated into this safe subset of D. SafeD is easy to learn and it keeps the programmers away from undefined behaviors. It is also very efficient.
When you enter SafeD, you leave your pointers, unchecked casts and unions at the door. Memory management is provided to you courtesy of Garbage Collection. Class objects are passed around using opaque handles. Arrays and strings are bound-checked (it's possible to turn the checks off with a compiler switch, but then you're no longer in SafeD). You may still write code that will throw a runtime exception (e.g., array out-of-bounds error, or uninitialized-class-object error), but you won't be able to overwrite memory that hasn't been allocated to you or that has already been recycled.
Let's look at the "Hello World!" program in D. On the face of it, it's not much different than its C counterpart:
writeln ( "Hello Safe World!" );
The function writeln is the equivalent of the C printf (more precisely, it's the representative of a family of output functions including write and its formatting versions, writef and writefln ). Just like printf , writeln accepts a variable number of arguments of arbitrary types. But here the similarity ends. As long as you pass SafeD-arguments to writeln , you are guaranteed not to encounter any undefined behavior. Here, writeln is called with a single argument of the type string . In contrast to C, D string is not a pointer. It is an array of immutable char , and arrays are a built into the safe subset of D.
You might be interested to know how the safety of writeln is accomplished in D. One possible approach would have been to make writeln a compiler intrinsic, so that correct code would be generated on a case-by-case basis. The beauty of D is that it gives a sophisticated programmer tools that allow such case-by-case code generation of code. The advanced features used in the implementation of writeln are:
Compile-time code generation using templates, and
A safe mechanism for dealing with variable number of arguments using tuples.
SafeD Libraries
One of the major differences between Java and D is that D has enough power to let an advanced programmer implement libraries that can be used within SafeD.
A lot of advanced features of D are compatible with SafeD, as long as they don't force the user to use unsafe types. For instance, a library may provide the implementation of a generic list. The list can be instantiated with any type, in particular with a pointer type. A list of pointers, by definition, cannot be safe, because pointer arithmetic is unsound. However, a list of ints or class objects can and should be safe. That's why such ageneric lists can be used in SafeD, even though their usage outside of SafeD may be unsafe.
Moreover, it might be more efficient to base the internal implementation of a list on pointers. As long as these pointers are not exposed to the client, such an implementation might be certified to be SafeD compatible1 . You can have a cake (advanced features of D) and eat it too (take advantage of them in SafeD).
One User's Experience
Even before I came up with the idea of SafeD2, I tried to restrict myself to the safe subset of D for most of my projects. I was surprised how much could be accomplished and how my productivity soared. I also showed SafeD to my co-worker, a C++ programmer, and he was able to learn it in a very short time.
So far my experience has been that if a SafeD program compiles without errors then, in a vast majority of cases, it runs without errors, and does what I want it to do. That definitely hasn't been my experience with C++.
What is even more surprising to me is that I was able to accomplish all that with almost non-existing support from tools and with a compiler that excels in cryptic error messages. D is still lacking a lot of infrastructure, but I can imagine how easy programming will be when a critical mass of productivity tools sprouts around it. And unlike C++, D is easy to parse and its front end is open source. So there are no barriers to entry for tool writers.
Footnotes
There is no central authority to issue such certifications, each library provider has to establish a level of trust with its clients. In particular, you should expect the D standard library to be SafeD certified by the compiler provider. The name, SafeD, was proposed by David B. Held.
Acknowledgments
Many thanks go to the rest of the D design team for valuable feedback and corrections to this article
About This Game
Orborun is a 3D action skill run & roll game!Control your Orbot to collect the goods, avoid the obstacles and escape the hazardous Orbo-world. Complete levels on perfect run to get more bonus. More than 100 levels, local co-op multiplayer, feeling of speed and adrenaline, twisted levels in haste/puzzle and hazard shaped different worlds and cool Orbot skins makes this game fun to play for ages!Players have mentioned that Orborun gameplay would be perfect on PC, fast-paced action is just made for game-pad controller. Today Orborun gets a huge upgrade, new features, special effects, quality boost and much more so that PC players could rediscover the rolling games genre again!FEATURES- Fast paced, fun & uber challenging- Rediscover the rolling ball games genre- Local co-op mode to play with your friends- Game pad support- 100+ various and rich levels in 3 robotic environments- 3 different robots with 27 cool Orbots skins to unlockTROUBLESHOOTINGSome users reported issues with garbled video on Mac OS X. Updating your drivers ( https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=1244-WEJN-0804 ) usually helps, however if it does not, launch Orborun in windowed mode.To select video options (custom resolution, windowed mode, etc.) hold ALT key (Option key if you are on Mac) while launching the game.
Since his days as Paul Martin's campaign chairman ended, David Herle has given a lot of thought to the state of our democracy and the increasing disconnect between Parliament and Canadians. And the more Herle studies the issue, the more the former prime minister's strategist worries.
David Herle, principal partner at The Gandalf Group, a Toronto-based research and consulting company, says there is a serious decline in what Canadians expect from their federal government and they don't think it really matters who are in power. Stephen Harper responds during question period in the House of Commons, but there are no bold new ideas emerging from Ottawa that engage Canadians and make them feel that what happens in Parliament plays a role in their lives. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“There's a growing gap that could have serious long-term implications for the health of our democracy” from voter turnout to policy formation, Herle says over coffee one recent afternoon in downtown Toronto. “Voters look at Ottawa these days and feel the issues being debated up there have no impact on their daily lives,” he says. “There's also a serious decline in what people expect from government. As well, they've stopped looking to government for help and for the most part they don't think it matters who is in power.”
Article Continued Below
Voicing concern about the growing disconnect between Canadians and Parliament is nothing new. But Herle brings a unique perspective to the issue. As a principal partner at The Gandalf Group, a Toronto-based research and consulting company, he has access to polls that detail the depth of voter disenchantment with politics in general and Parliament in particular. For several years now, Herle has examined everything from voter turnout rates to the public satisfaction levels with Ottawa. In virtually all surveys, Canadians are saying they are fed up, tuned out and have given up. For example, a poll last fall suggested barely 27 per cent of Canadians believe Ottawa is dealing with issues we really care about. Most people are worried about daily issues, such as their children's education, looking after aging parents and getting decent health care. But other than writing cheques to the provinces, Ottawa has opted out of health care, education, transportation and other issues that affect our normal lives.
There are no bold new ideas emerging from Ottawa today that will engage Canadians and make them feel that what happens in Parliament really does play a role in their lives. No longer is there serious talk in Ottawa of programs that would affect most Canadians directly, such as a national child care strategy, a national plan for big cities or an agreement for natives along the lines of the Kelowna Accord signed by Martin.
Article Continued Below
Instead, there is a narrow set of issues that Prime Minister Stephen Harper is pursuing and for the most part the opposition parties are adhering to them. Because voters have stopped looking to Parliament for help, Ottawa has stopped responding to their needs, Herle believes. “People are no longer putting demands on government and aren't flocking to politicians who claim they can help them,” he says. “They've simply given up on Ottawa altogether.” The implications for democracy are huge when you consider so many people believe it is a waste of time even to try to make a difference or that installing a new government will create meaningful change. Such attitudes provide the ruling party with enormous leeway to abuse parliamentary traditions and procedures. Herle isn't alone in voicing concern over the growing gap between voters and Parliament. Conservative MP Michael Chong (Wellington-Halton Hills), writing in Policy Options magazine in 2010, predicted that “if Parliament is becoming increasingly irrelevant to Canadians and is not central to public debate in Canada, then public policy will be determined in an increasingly non-democratic fashion.” Chong suggested that reforming question period, the insult-laden daily shouting match that is the only reference most Canadians have with politics, is a necessary first step to restoring Parliament's relevance. He called for improved decorum, more time both for questions and answers and a requirement that ministers actually respond to questions directed at them. Chong is correct about the possible consequences for democracy and the role of Parliament. That's because if voters have given up on Parliament, it means they have lost faith in politicians to look after their interests. Herle doesn't claim to have the answers on how best to re-engage disaffected Canadians or how to make Parliament more relevant. What he does believe, though, is that we require “a paradigm shift” by Ottawa in how it relates to Canadians, in ways that go beyond merely handing out the occasional small tax rebate cheque. Such a shift is essential because Canadians need to feel connected to Parliament and Parliament needs to be seen as relevant to their lives. Only then can we begin to close the gap between voters and our political institutions with the goal of ultimately strengthening our democracy. Bob Hepburn's column appears Thursday. bhepburn@thestar.ca
Read more about:
That's it. That's a wrap. The ugliest Gophers basketball season is recent memory is complete, and while it might not have gone as poorly record-wise as Boston College's 0-19 ACC campaign, certainly the peripheral storylines with the Maroon and Gold this year made for an equally off-putting bottom line.
Minnesota finished with eight wins (hey, at least they beat Maryland), 23 losses, five active scholarship players by year's end, two consecutive losses to South Dakota teams from the Summit League, one dismissed senior, two sexually explicit videos posted to a freshman's Twitter account and three indefinitely suspended players.
The latter item on the list above is perhaps the biggest asterisk to this article's premise. Will Nate Mason, Kevin Dorsey, Jr., and Dupree McBrayer be available to play beginning next season? Reportedly, head coach Richard Pitino will address the matter soon, now that the season is over, since he wouldn't discuss details at his press conference after the incident occurred. “We're not going to get into speculating any of that other stuff right now,” Pitino said on March 1.
Let's assume, though, that the four-game suspension and incalculable embarrassment is deemed to be a valid punishment and the three young players are greenlighted to play next season. The Gophers could be poised to compete as early as next season, and the 2017-18 campaign could be the most eagerly anticipated in years.
Bear in mind that Minnesota's one-man Senior Day ceremony (“Joey King Day”) is going to get a rerun next year with “Charles Buggs Day,” the lone upcoming senior and the last-standing remnant from Tubby Smith's tenure in Minnesota. While King represents a loss to the program in terms of 3-point shooting, free throw shooting, effort, loyalty and common sense off the court, Buggs has been a disappointment in his three years under Pitino, showing very little growth from Day 1 until now. It's likely Buggs will be coming off the bench next season, meaning that from 2016-17 to 2017-18, the Gophers could march out a consistent starting five with very little variation. That kind of continuity would be huge.
That being said, next year's rotation is going to look vastly different from this year's, though it should benefit the team. Junior transfer Reggie Lynch is going to provide the Gophers with a tremendous defensive presence inside and allow them to play faster on offense. Pitino had opted to play small many times this season due to the raw, limited game of sophomore Bakary Konate, but Lynch will allow the squad to play big without affecting its athleticism. “I believe Reggie could be an all-league center,” said Pitino in January. “I think Reggie's got a chance to play in the NBA … catches everything and he'll score 50-some percent of the time when he's down there, and he is very, very hard to guard.”
Because of great shot-blocking, Lynch will help Minnesota match up better against teams with size: Wisconsin with Ethan Happ, Purdue with 7-foot-2 Isaac Haas and Ohio State with Trevor Thompson. Depending on Lynch's passing ability, he should be able to draw defenses into some double-teams that could open up the 3-point line, another area of mediocrity for the Gophers this past season.
The other junior transfer, Davonte Fitzgerald from Texas A&M, gives the Gophers an athletic 6-foot-8 forward that can stretch the floor and isn't afraid to shoot 3's. Because of limited play his first two years with the Aggies (which likely led to his transfer), we haven't seen what Fitzgerald is fully capable of, though Pitino said early on he and Lynch were two of the team's best players.
There is a strong likelihood that Fitzgerald starts at the Gophers' small forward position next year (at 6-foot-8!). Minnesota tried Jordan Murphy there this season, but the All-Conference freshman felt more comfortable at the “4.” That's probably fine, since Murphy has about 25 pounds on Fitzgerald and is less comfortable shooting from beyond the arc. Suddenly, the Gophers have beef down low with Lynch, while Konate shares time with big Arkansas recruit Eric Curry, who may eventually supersede the Mali native. Murphy no longer has to carry the entire load in the post and will be able to stay out of foul trouble (his Kryptonite) since the Gophers will have other physical forwards and centers to rebound and play defense in the paint. And at long last the Gophers may have a solid small forward, a position that's given them trouble for two straight years. “I think next year's team shapes up to be really big. I mean, really big,” said Pitino earlier this year.
At guard, the Gophers should have good depth – even if one player transfers due to the logjam. Mason has shown he can play at the “1” or “2,” and he'll still be one of the team's best scorers, especially if he improves his 3-point accuracy. Dorsey is a more of a true point guard with great defensive tools and could fit in quite nicely on a defensive-minded second unit. McBrayer fits Pitino's mold of long, tall guards and showed a nice knack for getting to rim before his suspension. Freshman Ahmad Gilbert is strong defensively, but has been limited offensively because of a taped-up hand from an early-season injury. And you can't forget about Amir Coffey, the four-star recruit from Hopkins and Pitino's best acquisition to date. It's possible the 6-foot-7 Coffey starts right away at point guard and gives the Gophers a Coffey-Mason-Fitzgerald-Murphy-Lynch front line. That's an upgrade at three positions.
If this writer's projection is correct, Minnesota could be looking at a trio of guards in Dorsey, McBrayer and Gilbert off the bench – all of whom showed their warts this season, yes, but also their potential.
The back-up at small forward will be either Charles Buggs or freshman Michael Hurt, who is a better shooter than Buggs but may need to add some weight to his frame. At any rate, there are options here.
The theme is that the Gophers will be deeper moving forward, which is hard to believe if you watched them limp to the finish this Big Ten season with three walk-ons forced into major minutes. The way it's shaking out, though, Minnesota will probably tout a bench next season filled with players who have starting experience in Big Ten play and a starting five with a much higher ceiling. If everybody can check their egos at the door, that's a formidable unit that will have a full year to gel before any of the main contributors reach senior status.
It's possible, maybe inevitable, that 2016-17 has some more growing pains as roles are established and some players' minutes get reduced – the curse of playing a lot as a freshman. But come 2017-18, this team will be deep and seasoned if Pitino's plan is executed properly.
Hopefully at that point, the 2015-16 debacle will be a distant memory.
On Monday afternoon, two homeowners in the Lower Greenville West Neighborhood Association grew alarmed when they spotted a team of a half dozen or so guys who were snapping pictures and trespassing on private property. The homeowners were suspicious and called 911. Later, they sent out an email blast to neighbors, urging them to keep an eye out for the men.
They claimed to be from Google, produced one tattered business card that did not reach a business line, and claimed they were on public property. In fact, we caught them redhanded in [a resident's] back yard, inside the fence ... all over his yard. We kept them there asking questions and getting information in order to allow the DPD element time to arrive. By this time, two of them had gotten nervous and bolted.
They told the DPD officers a somewhat different story after the officers arrived.
The officers took their information, and told them to leave. But the intruders told us earlier that they intended to continue their survey "to the north."
So, they are likely headed into Vickery Place, LGNA, Greenland Hills....
Get the word out to your people. These guys were WAY inside [one neighbor]'s property, not just a little bit. It's not legit.
In a rare turn of events, this "Apple Kills X" headline is somewhat accurate! The music app world hasn't seen declarations of Apple killing an app in a while, but iOS 7 looks to be offering plenty of new opportunities to dust off the old murderous title.
Reader Will brought my attention to a post over on the Loopy forum from Loopy and Audiobus developer Michael Tyson stating, "Sonoma's AudioCopy will no longer work on iOS 7."
I contacted Michael for comment and he directed me to this published beta document revealing the sad truth.
iOS 7 Beta 3 Changelog - UIKit Notes: +[UIPasteboard pasteboardWithName:create:] and +[UIPasteboard pasteboardWithUniqueName] now unique the given name to allow only those apps in the same application group to access the pasteboard. If the developer attempts to create a pasteboard with a name that already exists and they are not part of the same app suite, they will get their own unique and private pasteboard. Note that this does not affect the system provided pasteboards, general, and find.
Michael got into the details for me, and explained the situation as it stands today.
"What it means is that all pasteboards except the general one are now sandboxed, and are private to the app that created them. Sonoma's ACP uses a custom pasteboard – not the general pasteboard, for which this limitation doesn't apply – which means that the ACP pasteboard is now sandboxed to each "application group"; I'd say this means that apps have to have a common ID prefix to access each other's custom pasteboards. So if you use it to copy audio, you won't see the copied clip in any other app. Copying audio to the general pasteboard still works, though, but of course it means you can only ever copy one clip at a time, without the 11-clip history that ACP provides. General pasteboard still works fine. Apps that use it will continue to be able to copy audio. The most recent version of Sonoma's ACP SDK uses the general pasteboard in addition to the named one, so that will work (but the 11 clip history won't)." - Michael Tyson, A Tasty Pixel/Audiobus
My emails to Sonoma have gone unanswered, but yesterday they issued the following statement to AudioCopy/Paste developers.
Dear MAPI partners, Good news for those of you who implement AudioCopy and/or AudioPaste in your apps. Retronyms, Sonoma's long time partner, are taking on development of the AudioCopy and AudioPaste SDK. Look for an updated ACP SDK with iOS 7 support, license agreement, and more information from Retronyms soon. You may contact Retronyms with questions. - Michelle Wright & The Sonoma Team
I had quite a lot of questions, so I called up Retronyms co-founder Dan Walton to ask them! We talked about the importance of the ACP history in the workflow of power-users, which they seem to fully understand and appreciate. I couldn't get them on record about what exactly they have up their sleeves, but they do plan to make an announcement soon. In the meantime this is all they can tell us to ease any fears:
Alternate Versions
Attendees leave the JFK Jr. Forum in 2016.
Corey R. Lewandowski, President Donald Trump's embattled former campaign advisor, will join the Institute of Politics as a visiting fellow this semester, the IOP announced Tuesday.
Lewandowski and the other visiting fellows, including the former president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the former governor of Kentucky, will each host several events for students on campus throughout the fall semester. The five new visiting fellows join “Morning Joe” co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, who were named IOP fellows over the summer.
Cornell William Brooks, who served as president and CEO of the NAACP until 2017, will direct the IOP”s Campaigns and Advocacy Program in addition to his role as a visiting fellow.
Rounding out the slate of visiting fellows are former Kentucky Governor Steven L. Beshear, conservative writers Mary Katharine Ham and Guy Benson, and media consultant Joe Slade White, who previously worked for former Vice President Joe Biden.
Advertisement
“This diverse group of policymakers, journalists, political advisors and activists provides a robust platform for dynamic interaction with our students and the larger Harvard community,” IOP Acting Director Bill Delahunt said of the fellows in a press release.
Lewandowski rose to prominence during the 2016 presidential election as an early and divisive aide to then-presidential candidate Trump. Under pressure from top donors and Republican officials, and after Lewandowski was charged with misdemeanor battery for his alleged handling of a reporter, Trump fired Lewandowski in June 2016. He now works as a political commentator and consultant.
The visiting fellows join six residential IOP fellows—including former Republican Congressman Jason Chaffetz and chief correspondent at The Washington Post Dan Balz—announced last month. The IOP will host an event on “protests, partisanship, and fixing politics” featuring the residential fellows Thursday.
—Staff writer Lucas Ward can be reached at lucas.ward@thecrimson.com. Follow him on Twitter at @LucaspfWard.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The row is the latest in a series of disagreements between the UK and Spain over Gibraltar
Britain has formally protested to the Spanish authorities after police opened a diplomatic bag at the border with Gibraltar.
The Foreign Office said diplomatic bags were "inviolable" and opening one was "a serious infringement" of the Vienna Convention on diplomatic relations.
The incident occurred on Friday as the bag was taken from Gibraltar to Spain.
It comes a week after the UK protested about a Spanish incursion into Gibraltarian waters.
Diplomatic bags 'inviolable'
The Foreign Office would not say what was in the bag opened by the Spanish Guardia Civil but said: "Protocol concerning official correspondence and the diplomatic bag is governed by the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
Analysis This is a very unusual incident. The last occasion on which British diplomatic bags were opened involved Zimbabwe 13 years ago. The Foreign Office says it has no record of a previous such incident involving an EU partner or NATO ally. The 1961 Vienna convention on diplomatic relations, which codifies the status of the diplomatic bag, is one of the most widely-adopted international treaties, having been ratified by 189 countries so far. It states simply that a diplomatic bag shall not be opened or detained, but also that it must be clearly marked and contain only diplomatic documents or articles intended for official use. There have been incidents of the abuse of the diplomatic bag, for example to smuggle drugs or even people. What exactly lies behind this incident remains unclear. Was it, perhaps, a mistake? But against the background of recent Anglo-Spanish tensions over Gibraltar, it could represent a serious new development.
"We take very seriously any reported abuse of the protocol...
"We have asked the Spanish authorities to investigate what occurred and take action to ensure it does not happen again."
A spokesman added: "As far as we are concerned there is no justification for this infringement of the UK's rights under the Vienna Convention. Official correspondence and diplomatic bags are inviolable."
The Gibraltar Chronicle reported that the diplomatic bag had been "being transported by courier", but the Foreign Office would not comment on this.
According to the international convention, packages carrying official documents and other material deemed necessary for use by a diplomatic mission - provided that they are clearly marked as such - cannot be opened or detained.
Just as diplomats and their embassies are exempt from the rules and regulations which govern others in a host nation, their correspondence is also above national law.
The Vienna convention also gives special status to couriers who accompany the diplomatic mail.
The BBC's world affairs correspondent Nick Childs said the incident was "very unusual".
The last occasion on which British diplomatic bags were opened involved Zimbabwe 13 years ago.
The Foreign Office said it had no record of a previous such incident involving an EU partner or Nato ally.
Strict border checks
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The European Commission ruled that border checks had not broken EU laws
This latest spat comes a few days after Foreign Office minister Mark Simmonds told MPs that Britain was reviewing its naval policy around Gibraltar following an illegal incursion into its territorial waters by a Spanish state vessel.
The RV Ramon Margalef was challenged by the Royal Navy after it refused to leave Gibraltar waters after 22 hours despite repeated requests.
That followed a number of diplomatic rows that began in the summer after Gibraltar dropped 74 concrete blocks into the sea into disputed waters just off its coast. It said the blocks were intended to create an artificial reef and encourage sea life to flourish.
Spain said the blocks would disrupt waters used by its fishing boats.
Shortly afterwards, Spain imposed strict controls at the border with Gibraltar, that it said were to help prevent tobacco smuggling into its territory.
However, Britain and Gibraltar argued that the stricter checks - which had led to long delays - were politically motivated.
Following protests, the European Commission ruled that the border checks had not infringed European law, but it made a number of recommendations to both Britain and Spain to try to reduce waiting times at the border.
Undoubtedly, conservative Christians largely constitute the pro-life movement in America. But too frequently the tendency is to assign this identity of “pro-life” solely to conservative Christians, when this is not at all the case. The perception that only conservative Christians are pro-life is a boon to the pro-abortion movement, which has developed the self-serving stereotype that the pro-life movement is not inclusive or diverse.
One group – Secular Pro-Life – is working to change that notion by drawing attention to the fact that there are over six million pro-life adults in the United States who, as non-religious individuals, do not fit the stereotype. In a recent blog post, Secular Pro-Life described the initiative – the Six A Million Project – to raise awareness about pro-life adults who are non-religious:
The campaign features photographs of pro-life atheists, agnostics, and “nones” from across the nation. “Every week, we get an email from someone to the effect of ‘I thought I was the only pro-life atheist!'” said Kelsey Hazzard, the president of Secular Pro-Life. “It gets lonely out there. Non-religious pro-lifers are not often acknowledged in the mainstream media. This creates a vicious cycle; people think they're alone, which makes them less likely to speak out for life, which makes others more likely to think they're alone.” To break this cycle, Secular Pro-Life is running Facebook advertisements targeted to non-religious audiences, directing them to the Six A Million Project website. The site encourages visitors to share their own photographs and to connect with like-minded people through Secular Pro-Life's Facebook page. “We want to organize as much of this six-million-member community as possible,” Hazzard added. “To be an effective pro-life advocate, you need a strong support system.” According to the Guttmacher Institute, 27.5% of American abortion patients have no religion. “The best possible source of support for these women, the best chance they have to find an alternative to abortion, is a pro-life friend who shares their secular values,” said Hazzard. “This is a project that will save lives in the long term.”
If you're a secular pro-lifer who would like to add your voice to the six million, visit Secular Pro-Life‘s Six A Million project, and submit your one-in-6,000,000 photos to [email protected]
Every weekday morning, we'll round up local and national Seattle Seahawks-related links.
Doug Baldwin gave shoutouts to all of his fellow wide receivers on Instagram recently. Here's what he had to say about Tyler Lockett:
Tyler Lockett - I don't think there is any WR in the league with Tyler's combination of speed and quickness. He is a highlight reel waiting to happen whether it be as a dynamic returner or a versatile WR, Tyler can do it all. His acceleration reminds me of Percy Harvin and his elusiveness reminds me of Golden Tate. His skill set is rare and he has a work ethic to match it. A selfless teammate with the gift of innocence. He is @tdlockett12 A photo posted by Doug Baldwin Jr (@doug_baldwin_jr) on Jul 16, 2016 at 8:16am PDT
During a 710 ESPN Seattle interview, John Clayton offered thoughts on the pending extensions of head coach Pete Carroll and general manager John Schneider:
So, should Seahawks fans be worried that neither deal has been completed?
“Moving on, you start to have concern,” Clayton said. “Worry, no. Worry is if you have an owner who doesn't have any money. There is an owner here who is among the richest in sports and has a passion and concern for the team. Ultimately, I think something will get done, but it needs to get done sooner, not later.”
Chase Stuart of Football Perspective looks at how impressive Thomas Rawls' rookie season was:
It's too early to get a sense of whether Rawls will be the next (Chris) Ivory (or better) or the next (LeGarrette) Blount (or worse). I'd say his heat map is a positive sign, as he was consistently gaining yards. On the other hand, the sample size is tiny here; Bills rookie Karlos Williams had almost the same YPC and three more touchdowns on about two thirds as many carries. Andre Ellington wasn't far off Rawls' rookie numbers, either. But if you want to play with the cut-offs, you could also generate this stat: since 1970, Franco Harris, Clinton Portis, Maurice Jones-Drew, Adrian Peterson, and Rawls are the only rookie running backs with 800-plus rushing yards to average 5.5-plus yards per carry.
News from CARCASS
CARCASS Crack the Billboard Top 100 Chart!
2013-09-25 - Disinterred British extreme metal legends CARCASS scanned 8,422 copies of Surgical Steel in its first week of sales in the United States according to Nielson Soundscan. The record came in at #41 on the US Billboard Top 200 Chart, making it their highest first week sales ever and their highest charting release to date! In contrast, their last full-length release 1996's Swansong sold just under 2,700 copies in the United States in its first week of release.
Commented the band:
"Wow! Well we had every faith in the fact that we've recorded a very strong album and we had every faith in our label Nuclear Blast that they would work their asses off - but this is AMAZING news!!! This even more impressive when you consider that our album leaked a month before
the release date AND that we didn't target the charts in the Summer when it was ‘soft' and easier to chart high. CARCASS was up against some strong mainstream releases this past week! Thanks to all the listeners who bought the album- it goes to prove to all the cynics out there wrong - people DO still buy albums -especially Metalheads! If you bought the album you should be proud of yourselves! Again thanks from us!"
Surgical Steel first-week chart positions around the globe:
USA: #41
Finland: #6
Germany: #10
Austria: #24
Sweden: #42 (Sweden Rock/Metal #4)
UK: #47 (UK Indie #13, UK Rock #4)
Australia: #59
Netherlands: #73
France: #80
Ireland: #84 (Ireland Indie: #15)
Belgium: #117 (Flanders #130, Walloonia #87)
The long-awaited sixth full-length album by CARCASS, is available on several collectible formats and can now be ordered with or without an exclusive t-shirt design here http://smarturl.it/SurgicalSteelCD.
Surgical Steel was produced by Colin Richardson (NAPALM DEATH, BOLT THROWER, GOREFEST, CANNIBALCORPSE, SINISTER, RODRIGO Y GABRIELA) and mixed/mastered by Andy Sneap (MEGADETH, ACCEPT, EXODUS, TESTAMENT). “We went back to working with Ian Tilton, who is an iconic English photographer famous for working with THE STONE ROSES,” stated frontman Jeff Walker regarding the cover artwork. “He actually did the front cover for Necroticism... as well. We've deliberately tried to evoke the feeling of that album and Heartwork.” Joining guitarist Bill Steer and bassist/vocalist Jeff Walker in the band's current incarnation are new drummer Dan Wilding (ABORTED, TRIGGER THE BLOODSHED) and guitarist Ben Ash (PIG IRON, DESOLATION, LIQUEFIED SKELETON). Expect some guest vocals from original sticksman Ken Owen as well, when Surgical Steel is finally released this Fall.
CARCASS has released several classic albums over the years, including Decibel Magazine “Hall of Fame” inductees Heartwork and Necroticism – Descanting the Insalubrious, and their influence has changed the face of extreme metal with every consecutive release. Whether it was inventing gore-grind (i.e. Reek of Putrefaction, Symphonies of Sickness) or creating the template for melodic death metal (i.e. Heartwork), CARCASS has always made records by which bars were set and rules were broken. Upon the band's dismantling in 1996, fans mourned the loss of the seminal act and longed that the group would return again one day. In 2007, the metal world got its wish as CARCASS reformed to play several sold-out reunion shows around the globe. Once again re-motivated to administer a shot of cynicism and infectious riffs into the arm of a sickly metal scene, founding members Bill Steer and Jeff Walker began writing what would become the latest output of their highly influential career, Surgical Steel. Only the choicest of cuts were made, and blood sweat and tears were shed to bring us a record worthy of the CARCASS legacy. In short, Surgical Steel is just what the doctor ordered.
More on Surgical Steel:
Track-by-track part 1: http://youtu.be/SeRzsl6C67M
Track-by-track part 2: http://youtu.be/nLFFvsT9xAc
Track-by-track part 3: http://youtu.be/QNvzrOurFHA
“Captive Bolt Pistol” lyric video: http://goo.gl/XJcNs4
CARCASS
9/23/13 Reggie's - Chicago, IL (w/ MACABRE) SOLD OUT
9/25/13 Saint Vitus - Brooklyn, NY (w/ IMMOLATION) SOLD OUT
9/26/13 Gramercy Theatre - New York, NY (w/ IMMOLATION) SOLD OUT
9/28/13 The Troubadour - Los Angeles, CA (w/ EXHUMED) SOLD OUT
9/29/13 The Troubadour - Los Angeles, CA (w/ EXHUMED) SOLD OUT
For more info visit: http://www.facebook.com/OfficialCarcass
Bands
Linked bands CARCASS
Related News
The last 24 hours in our Kickstarter campaign are drawing near and we are really unbelievably grateful for the enthusiastic community, which has grown around the campaign. We have done another press release, inviting everyone who is skeptical to risk a second look at our Kickstarter page and see the rich potential the game has to offer. It is just a click away and it could mean the difference between seeing this project created or not. We are all counting the hours (and the nuyen) and pray to the role-playing god that this one is going to work out.
Our thanks also go out to RC and Sangius, who have been manning the post for us until the wee hours and have been a real pillar of the community and good cheer. We couldn't have made it that far without you guys!
More sound from the cloud
Renaissance man and Shadowrun fan Walter Machado has been inspired by the feedback to his first titles and created another two music tracks Exotic and Chimera Club , you can find here:
http://soundcloud.com/waltermachado/sets/shadowrun
Thanks also go out to everyone who supplied sound and Monica and the amazing crew at Analog Creative who did some beautiful work for us.
And thanks to Klaus Scherwinski for doing the sad Ork face version of me...now come on, let's help make the Ork look happy again :)
Image copyright AP
Donald Trump said women who have abortions should be punished, he made crude insinuations about a TV anchor's menstrual cycle and he doesn't change nappies or do bedtimes.
No wonder he's struggling in the polls with women voters - it would be remarkable if he wasn't.
Before we get to the latest brouhaha over abortions, let's take the last point first.
Donald Trump says he loves women. He says he employs lots of senior women in his company. His daughter, Ivanka, is clearly a powerhouse. He also claims that he will be the best candidate for women.
But how, in 2016, does that square with having such an old-fashioned view of parenting duties?
One of the biggest things holding professional women back from participating full-time in the workforce is not having husbands who are prepared to share 50% of all child-rearing chores.
Image copyright Getty Images
It is really hard for a woman to put in the time needed to succeed at work if her husband won't pitch in fully at home. By saying, almost boasting, that nappy changing isn't for him, Mr Trump is not being a good role model for other men.
He is sending a subliminal message that women should do mother's work while he gets on with the business. Not helpful - or, in Trumpish - sad!
Full US election coverage
Trump, Clinton and the "none-of-the-above" era of politics
Who's funding Trump's campaign?
Five ways Republican nomination could end
It is part of an old-fashioned machismo that the Trump campaign has cultivated. A lot of it is about sex and sexual conquests. Boasting about the size of your penis on a TV debate was only one incident.
Years ago Mr Trump called Tucker Carlson, a TV presenter who'd insulted the famous "Trump coif", and left him a message saying Carlson had better hair but Trump had more sex with women (and he said it in a far more indelicate way).
In 1997, Mr Trump triumphantly told a radio host he could have "nailed" Princess Diana.
And - in what must count as two of the more bizarre statistics of this campaign - according to a recent study by dating site Match (formerly match.com) single Donald Trump supporters are 1,104% more likely to expect sex on a first date than Hillary Clinton supporters.
They are also 99% more likely to film themselves having sex. I think this means they are more likely to be men.
Promoting your sexual prowess works well with men who feel threatened by the growing influence of women in the workforce, and by the realisation that women are now better educated than men.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Donald Trump has insulted Fox News presenter Megyn Kelly
In the New York Times, conservative columnist David Brooks, refers to it is as the enabling of a "bad-boy protest movement". But this regressive gender stereotyping is less appealing to women.
According to a March NBC/WSJ poll 47% of female Republican primary voters cannot see themselves voting for Trump while only 32% say the same about Ted Cruz.
And Mr Trump consistently has a 20-odd point gap in support between men and women. A gap he has acknowledged he needs to do something about.
Which brings us to the unique U-turn Mr Trump performed on Wednesday after saying in a televised town hall event that women who have abortions should be punished. He quickly put out a statement reversing that position.
He did so after howls of protests from both pro-life and pro-choice groups.
It isn't easy to bring these two deeply divided sides together in common cause, but, for a few moments, Mr Trump succeeded. Punishing the woman has never been the position of even the most ardent anti-abortionists here.
Sticking to that original town hall statement would have made it very difficult for Mr Trump to close his gap with women voters.
Since single, suburban women will probably decide the outcome of this election, that is something Mr Trump has to do to become president.
St George Illawarra Dragons duo Josh Dugan and Benji Marshall have both been cleared of any respective major ankle damage and will remain under observation ahead of the fixture against the Brisbane Broncos at Suncorp Stadium, Brisbane on Friday.
The Dragons pair both had scans on their respective ankle injuries having suffered the ailments during the 34-6 win over the Gold Coast Titans at Jubilee Oval, Kogarah on Sunday.
Dugan and Marshall will both be monitored with a final decision to be made on their availability later in the week.
“Scans obtained have cleared Josh Dugan and Benji Marshall of major ankle damage,” said Dragons Performance Director Andrew Gray.
“Both players will be closely monitored throughout the week and will be given up until kick-off to prove their fitness.”
MINEOLA, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — The New York Islanders have made a bid to return to Long Island.
The NHL team that moved from Long Island to Brooklyn two years ago submitted a bid with several other partners Thursday to develop a new arena at Belmont Racetrack in Nassau County.
“New York Arena Partners, LLC has submitted a comprehensive proposal to create a world-class sports and entertainment destination at Belmont Park, which we look forward to discussing with the Empire State Development Corporation,” the team said in a statement.
New York Arena Partners includes the owners of the New York Mets and others. The Empire State Development Corp. announced in July it was seeking to develop 36 acres of vacant and underutilized parking lots at the site of the racetrack.
According to Newsday, at least three bidders have submitted proposals for the property. NYCFC, the Major League Soccer team that currently plays its home games at Yankee Stadium, is proposing a soccer-specific stadium that would seat about 26,000, the newspaper reported.
Belmont Park plays host every June to the Belmont Stakes, the final leg in horse racing's Triple Crown. There are no plans to close the racetrack; the new development would largely be across the street from the track.
The park is about 15 miles from Nassau Coliseum, CBS2's Andrea Grymes reported.
“I think it's amazing. I think that they need to be back at home, that's all,” said fan Pat D'Antonio. “The Islanders belong on Long Island.”
“It'd be a lot more convenient, because I'm a big fan. I used to go to the games all the time,” fan Carly Sweet added. “It's just a huge hassle to get into Brooklyn all the time.”
The Empire State Development Corp. says it does not comment about the bidding process. There is no timetable for a decision to be made.
The Islanders' move to Brooklyn's Barclay's Center was announced after a failed attempt to secure public financing for a refurbished Nassau Coliseum, which was home to the team from 1972 until 2015.
Fans have expressed displeasure with the Brooklyn move, and the team has a lease with an opt-out clause that could allow it to leave the Barclays Center, home to the NBA's Brooklyn Nets, after the upcoming season.
“Going into Barclays Center is a great place, but it's hard to get there,” said fan Jim Lennon.
The Islanders played a preseason game this month at the Nassau Coliseum, which has since been refurbished. Seating capacity at the coliseum is now 13,917, less than both the 16,170 it had previously and the 15,795 currently at Barclays Center.
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman has said a return to the old arena was not in the cards.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
This week we celebrated National Whistleblower Appreciation Day—an appropriate time to speak out against the U.S. government's continued use of the Espionage Act to prosecute government leakers, and in so doing, restrict the flow of important information to the press.
As we wrote on the 100th anniversary of the Act's passage, the Espionage Act was designed to prosecute spies who disclosed military secrets to foreign nations, not sources who disclose newsworthy information to the press. Unfortunately, the Espionage Act has been misused throughout its existence, from silencing left-wing speech during the Red Scare days of its origin to the indictments of whistleblowers such as Daniel Ellsberg, Chelsea Manning, and Edward Snowden.
As the ACLU's Jay Stanley sets out, the Espionage Act is particularly ill-suited and perhaps unconstitutional when used against government whistleblowers who share information with the press. Among other defects, the Espionage Act provides no public interest defense to a leaker, and contains no requirement that the government prove the information as properly and appropriately classified in the first place. Moreover, because a great number of leaks are either encouraged or at least tolerated by the U.S. government when they serve the government's purpose, the Espionage Act provides a mechanism for the selective punishment of government critics rather than furthering the general interests of preserving classified information.
The Espionage Act is currently the basis for the charges against Reality Leigh Winner, the former federal intelligence contractor who is accused of leaking a National Security Agency memo containing information regarding Russian hacking attempts against a U.S. voting software supplier.
The Espionage Act is as poor a fit for prosecuting Winner, as it was for going after other journalists' sources. A campaign supporting Winner's defense can be found at standwithreality.org
Athens, Ga. band Futurebirds has continued to win us over, track after track, ever since the release of their self-titled debut EP in 2009. Several records later, it seems that their latest album Baba Yaga further confirms the band's unique knack for unpretentious yet lyrically sophisticated rock.
Although it's been almost two years since Futurebirds released new content, the lengthy process of finding a home for this album was not in vain. In fact, in inspired the name for the LP, which comes from Slavic folk tale about a deformed child-eating witch.
“It was a long and painstaking process trying to get this album out,” said band member Carter King in a recent press release. “We got pretty discouraged, feeling like maybe it would never see the light of day, and one day I was talking to Thomas and started saying, ‘God, is this record some mythical creature out in the woods that only exists in our imaginations?' Then we read about Baba Yaga, and that perfectly described how we were feeling about this record.”
The wait is over, though. Baba Yaga is set for release on April 16 via Fat Possum, but you can listen to the album in its entirety in the player below.
Update: The teaser is actually done on an easy to spot ”cool truck” template found on the web (thanks to _John_ for that) but the image itself was posted by AMD PR. See my comment below for more information.
[Caution: Not Confirmed] I noticed something pretty interesting posted over at Planet3DNow. Basically the guys over there have managed to find an AMD PR image that was posted under the #AMDEvolved twitter handle (I couldn't find the picture myself, but I probably didn't look hard enough). The picture depicts 12 AMD Robots. Since the robots are an analogy for cores, it doesn't take a genius to figure out that AMD is planning something with 12 Cores.
A truck carrying 12 AMD ‘Cores'. The Series Logo depicting APUs is also visible.
PR Material Hints at an A Series APU with 12 CPU Cores – Probably Steamroller
Before I let the wrong idea through let me explain why I have tagged it as ‘Not Confirmed'. See, AMD has a very funny way of naming cores. Kaveri has, according to AMD, 12 compute cores. 4 of these cores are CPU and 8 of these are CUs. Ofcourse this is pretty misleading since CPU and GPU cores are nothing alike, but the fact remains. It is possible that these 12 Robots depict 12 Compute Cores as opposed to just 12 Steamroller Cores and I wanted to make that clear. This is also the reason I have tagged the post as not confirmed. An interesting thing to note is that AMD introduced a new ‘robot' in their “Core is Back” teaser video, which has a red color scheme. However these are the old robots with the standard white color scheme. This seems to suggest that all these robots are on the old steamroller architecture and not a new one. And since Kaveri already exists, boasting a 12 Compute Core A Series APU doesn't make any sense and therein lies the logical conclusion: the truck must be boasting 12 Steamroller Cores.
Continuing on the same train of thought there is another dilemma. AMD has clearly teased the new red color schemed robots so why are these particular robots white? Are we looking at 2 simultaneous releases? Possible but not very probable. I guess it is possible (though this is pure speculation) that we are looking at an architectural revision of said cores. Something, that was symbolized by the robots turning red from their standard white aesthetic, but once again this is anybody's guess. However, way I see it, the chance of a brand-new architecture is much less than an APU with 12 CPU cores. The reason being that documentation of an FX successor with 16 Cores already exists so this could be pretty plausible. A brand-new architecture on the other hand would be absolutely huge news if true. Bottom Line is: apart from logical deduction and speculation, we don't have anything solid. Either way, we are going to be keeping an eye on the #AMDEvolved handle and the AMD's official youtube channel till this big reveal – whatever it might be.
In the wake of the controversy surrounding a self-identified lesbian being suspended from Xbox Live, Microsoft has admitted that its policies - aimed at preventing defamation - are an "inelegant solution," and may be considering alternatives.
When a lesbian gamer named Teresa was suspended from Xbox Live for identifying herself as such in her gamer profile, the story quickly spread across the Internet. It sparked outrage against a long-standing Microsoft policy that forbade gamers from including words like "gay" or "lesbian" in their Gamertags and profiles - even catching people like Richard Gaywood, who just wanted to be able to use his real name.
Speaking to Stephen Totilo of MTV News and MTV Multiplayer, a Microsoft representative explained why the company had the policy, and how - in light of the recent controversy - it might be changing.
The company's policy was to disallow any statement of relationship preference in their profile or Gamertags, heterosexual, homosexual, or otherwise. However, as Stephen Toulouse, program manager for policy and enforcement on Xbox Live, told Totilo, after seeing issues arise like in the cases of Teresa and Mr. Gaywood, the company was "looking into that policy."
While some gamers have suggested that Microsoft simply just allow people to use the word "gay" in their profiles, the problem isn't quite so simple, says Mr. Toulouse. After issues first arose regarding complaints about the use of "gay" in profiles and user names, Toulouse's team combed through the profiles in question and found that in 95% to 98% of the cases, people who used the word were using it in a derogatory sense.
The stated intention of policies like Microsoft's - or Sony's similar fiasco, where typing "gay" or "lesbian" in the company's Home service would be censored to "***" and "*******" - is to prevent defamation and abusive language. However, through the cases of Teresa and Richard Gaywood, Toulouse and his team have come to understand that they need to provide a way for gamers to display their chosen sexuality without the potential for abuse:
"As social media has become more and more of a thing in the past six years, people are wanting to express more and more detail about themselves," Toulouse said.
Totilo had his own suggestion - why not give a checkbox that gamers could fill out if they so chose? - that Toulouse was very receptive to. "I think that's a great idea," he responded. "That's the type of thing we're looking at as a solution ... we want to provide the capability for our users to express relationship preference or gender without a way for it to be misused."
The Department of Defense (such is its name in these halcyon days) recently studied its costs in Afghanistan and found that American taxpayers foot a bill in Afghanistan of about two billion dollars a week. No, really, I'm not making it up.
WASHINGTON — President Obama will talk about troop numbers in Afghanistan when he makes a prime-time speech from the White House on Wednesday night. But behind his words will be an acute awareness of what $1.3 trillion in spending on two wars in the past decade has meant at home: a ballooning budget deficit and a soaring national debt at a time when the economy is still struggling to get back on its feet.
The reason I bring this up:
ABC News' Luis Martinez (@LMartinezABC) reports: The cost of U.S. military intervention in Libya has cost American taxpayers an estimated $896 million through July 31, the Pentagon said today.
The word for that is “frugal.” No, the war in Libya will not cost an arm and a leg. The new government will show up in Tripoli and operate openly. Meanwhile, Moammar Ghadafi is irrelevant. This is how you destroy a king in chess, and a would-be king in reality: by creating new facts in his land and in his cities. The story isn't over yet, but it's one that Libyans are writing. It's a good one.
Although development of the full syndrome of kernicterus is relatively rare, neonatal jaundice continues to occur frequently. Controversy remains concerning whether or not infants with moderate elevations in bilirubin are at risk for neurodevelopmental disorders in later childhood. Sites of brain pathology associated with bilirubin neurotoxicity are identified and well established. Based on these regions of brain involvement, we apply neuroscientific principles of brain-behavior relationships to predict types of cognitive features that may accompany hyperbilirubinemia. We address a range of neurodevelopmental abnormalities that can arise as a function of elevated neonatal bilirubin levels affecting these brain regions, even in the absence of full kernicterus syndrome. Moreover, we explain the neuropathologic mechanisms that would drive these abnormalities. We thus attempt to establish a blueprint for future investigations of these conditions, to improve neurodevelopmental outcomes.
Image caption Mr Sarkozy has dismissed as mere gossip claims that he took envelopes stuffed with cash.
French ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has been placed under formal investigation over claims his 2007 election campaign received illegal donations from France's richest woman.
Mr Sarkozy is accused of accepting thousands of euros from L'Oréal heiress Liliane Bettencourt, now aged 90.
The former leader denies taking financial advantage of Mrs Bettencourt.
His lawyer said he would file an appeal against the "incoherent and unfair decision", AFP news agency reports.
Magistrate Jean-Michel Gentil, who leads the inquiry, unexpectedly summoned Mr Sarkozy for a face-to-face encounter with Mrs Bettencourt's butler, Pascal Bonnefoy, in the city of Bordeaux.
The judge wanted to determine how often the politician had met Mrs Bettencourt in 2007.
While Mr Sarkozy has maintained he only saw her once during that year, the butler gave a different account on Thursday, the BBC's Christian Fraser, in Paris, reports.
Following the hearing, prosecutors said the ex-president had been placed under formal investigation "for taking advantage of a vulnerable person during 2007 to the detriment of Liliane Bettencourt".
Under French law the court's decision falls short of a formal charge, our correspondent says.
Bettencourt scandal in dates July 2010: Mrs Bettencourt's former accountant, Claire Thibout, alleges Nicolas Sarkozy was one of a number of centre-right politicians to receive regular envelopes of cash
Mrs Bettencourt's former accountant, Claire Thibout, alleges Nicolas Sarkozy was one of a number of centre-right politicians to receive regular envelopes of cash September 2010: French financial police search the main offices of President Sarkozy's party
French financial police search the main offices of President Sarkozy's party July 2012: Police raid Mr Sarkozy's home and offices after he loses immunity as president
Police raid Mr Sarkozy's home and offices after he loses immunity as president November 2012: Mr Sarkozy questioned about claims Mrs Bettencourt illegally helped finance his 2007 electoral campaign.
Investigators will press ahead with the enquiry before deciding whether he should face a trial.
Home raided
The former president previously hinted that he was considering another tilt at the presidency in 2017. The outcome of the investigation could determine whether he will make a return to politics, observers say.
Police raided Mr Sarkozy's home and offices last July after he lost his presidential immunity.
He was declared a material witness in November, which meant he was a suspect but had not been formally charged.
Mr Sarkozy met Mrs Bettencourt when he was mayor of the wealthiest suburb in Paris and forged a close friendship with her over the years, our correspondent says.
He was a regular visitor to the family mansion, according to her staff.
It is alleged that staff acting for Mrs Bettencourt gave 150,000 euros (£120,600) in cash to Mr Sarkozy's aides during his successful 2007 campaign to become president.
Image caption The ex-president forged a close friendship with Mrs Bettencourt over the years
Individual campaign contributions in France are limited to 4,600 euros.
Mrs Bettencourt's former accountant, Claire Thibout, has alleged Mr Sarkozy's campaign treasurer at the time - Eric Woerth, who later became budget minister - collected the cash in person.
She also revealed in a leaked police interview that Mr Sarkozy, while mayor of Neuilly from 1983 to 2002, paid "regular" visits to the Bettencourt house.
But Mr Sarkozy has dismissed as mere gossip claims that he took envelopes stuffed with cash.
"[The Bettencourt] never gave me a single penny and I never asked them for any," the politician was quoted as saying by the Sud-Ouest newspaper.
Mr Woerth, who was forced to resign as UMP party treasurer in July as a result of the scandal, is already under formal investigation over the 150,000 euro payment allegations.
The allegations surrounding Mr Sarkozy and Mr Woerth first surfaced in connection with a trial over Mrs Bettencourt's estimated 17bn euro fortune.
Mr Woerth denies any wrongdoing, as does Mrs Bettencourt.
It is only a matter of time before a diver dies in the waters surrounding the Astrolabe Reef, Tauranga divers warn.
Photo: SUPPLIED / Darryl Torkler
The exclusion zone was reopened earlier this week for divers and fishermen in vessels under 500 tonnes, signalling five years of salvage work on the Rena Shipwreck coming to an end.
There has since been as many as 20 boats in the area at any given time, with people diving and fishing as the Rena wreck rests in waters as deep as 56m.
Tauranga Dive director Jared Ross said shipwrecks could also pose a real risk to divers.
Weather conditions for diving in the area were not ideal most days - and it was an accident waiting to happen.
"Someone is going to get lost inside that ship, so it'll take a life. That place is only good to dive maybe two days out of one month, because of the conditions.
"It's realistically a no brainer - somebody is either going to get hurt or someone is going to lose a life."
On Thursday night the Police Dive Squad held a meeting at a local fishing club, as part of a bigger campaign around dive safety.
Senior Sergeant Bruce Adams said the squad had been doing training exercises on the reef, and warned it had real risks which should be taken seriously.
"Even for us it's a challenge.
"Obviously we're planning in case things go wrong, and in this place with its isolation you're 11 miles offshore, very exposed to the weather and conditions which could change at a moment's notice.
Mount Maunganui Underwater Club captain Russ Hawkins, who has been going to the Astrolabe Reef since 1970, helped draft guidelines for diving and fishing around the reef.
Two diving sites near the bow of the ship have been marked with orange buoys and Mr Hawkins said as long as people stayed within those sites and only dived when the ocean conditions allowed they would be safe.
"We've been to many many meetings over the last couple of years about the wreck access plan. Providing they go by the plan and use those marked buoys and the physical structure of the wreck, there should be no problem at all."
Photo: MARITIME NEW ZEALAND
Diving in the wreck's stern section, marked with yellow buoys, was not recommended due to the depths at that location, except for qualified technical divers.
But Mr Ross said that was where people would want to go.
The clear water made it hard for divers to judge their depths - and easy for them to get carried away, he said.
"The visibility out at Astrolabe on a good day is very very good, going down and seeing the top of the ship, or especially on the stern section it could trap a few people ... it would be very easy to get a little bit confused on your depth, or just unaware of your depth."
There was international interest in diving the site, but he had told people to be cautious.
Senior Sergeant Bruce Adams echoed that message, and said that all possible safety measures should be taken before diving in the area, to ensure everybody gets home safely.
Photo: SUPPLIED / Sweeney Vesty
The volunteer Maketu Coastguard team had also received funding to have an onsite advisor at the reef for the initial period of its re-opening.
Maketu Coastguard president Shane Beech said there had been a lot of interest in the reef and another safety concern was the amount of traffic in the area with divers in the water.
"The dive trails themselves are very clearly marked for the divers, but again you have known you have got fishermen out recreational as well and commercial fisherman, and obviously there's cray fishermen too within the area, so yeah it's a case of everybody sort of obeying by the maritime rules and all getting along together."
View safety updates on a website provided by the Astrolabe Community Trust, which was set up by the Rena's owner and insurer.
Dioxygen difluoride is a compound of fluorine and oxygen with the molecular formula O
2 F
2 . It can exist as an orange-colored solid which melts into a red liquid at −163 °C (110 K). It is an extremely strong oxidant and decomposes into oxygen and fluorine even at −160 °C (113 K) at a rate of 4% per day: its lifetime at room temperature is thus extremely short.[1] Dioxygen difluoride reacts vigorously with nearly every chemical it encounters – even ordinary ice – leading to its onomatopoeic nickname "FOOF" (a play on its chemical structure and its explosive tendencies).
Preparation [ edit ]
Dioxygen difluoride can be obtained by subjecting a 1:1 mixture of gaseous fluorine and oxygen at low pressure (7–17 mmHg (0.9–2.3 kPa) is optimal) to an electric discharge of 25–30 mA at 2.1–2.4 kV.[2] A similar method was used for the first synthesis by Otto Ruff in 1933.[3] Another synthesis involves mixing O
2 and F
2 in a stainless steel vessel cooled to −196 °C (77.1 K), followed by exposing the elements to 6987480652946100000♠3 MeV bremsstrahlung for several hours. A third method requires heating a mix of fluorine and oxygen to 700 °C (1,292 °F), and then rapidly cooling it using liquid oxygen.[4] All of these methods involve synthesis according to the equation:
O
2 + F
2 → O
2 F
2
It also arises from the thermal decomposition of ozone difluoride:[5]
O
3 F
2 → O
2 F
2 + ½ O
2 or 2 O
3 F
2 → 2 O
2 F
2 + O
2
Structure and properties [ edit ]
In O
2 F
2 , oxygen is assigned the unusual oxidation state of +1. In most of its other compounds, oxygen has an oxidation state of −2.
The structure of dioxygen difluoride resembles that of hydrogen peroxide, H
2 O
2 , in its large dihedral angle, which approaches 90° and C 2 symmetry. This geometry conforms with the predictions of VSEPR theory.
The bonding within dioxygen difluoride has been the subject of considerable speculation, particularly because of the very short O−O distance and the long O−F distances. The O−O bond length is within 2 pm of the 120.7 pm distance for the O=O double bond in dioxygen, O
2 . Several bonding systems have been proposed to explain this, including an O−O triple bond with O−F single bonds which are destabilised and lengthened by repulsion between the lone pairs on the fluorine atoms and the π-orbitals of the O−O bond.[6] Repulsion involving the fluorine lone pairs is also responsible for the long and weak covalent bonding in the fluorine molecule. Computational chemistry indicates that dioxygen difluoride has an exceedingly high barrier to rotation of 81.17 kJ/mol around the O−O bond (in hydrogen peroxide its 29.45 kJ/mol), this is close to the O−F bond disassociation energy of 81.59 kJ/mol.[7]
The 19F NMR chemical shift of dioxygen difluoride is 865 ppm, which is by far the highest chemical shift recorded for a fluorine nucleus, thus underlining the extraordinary electronic properties of this compound. Despite its instability, thermochemical data for O
2 F
2 have been compiled.[8]
Reactivity [ edit ]
The compound readily decomposes into oxygen and fluorine. Even at a temperature of −160 °C (113 K), 4% decomposes each day[1] by this process:
O
2 F
2 → O
2 + F
2
The other main property of this unstable compound is its oxidizing power, although most experimental reactions have been conducted near −100 °C (173 K).[9] Several series of experiments with the compound resulted in a series of fires and explosions. Some of the compounds that produced violent reactions with O
2 F
2 include ethyl alcohol, methane, ammonia, and even water ice.[9]
With BF
3 and PF
5 , it gives the corresponding dioxygenyl salts:[1][10]
2 O
2 F
2 + 2 PF
5 → 2 [O
2 ] +
[PF
6 ] −
+ F
2
Uses [ edit ]
The compound currently has no practical applications, but has been of theoretical interest. One laboratory used it to synthesize plutonium hexafluoride at unprecedentedly low temperatures, which was significant because previous methods for preparation needed temperatures so high that the plutonium hexafluoride created would rapidly decompose.[11]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Sake is a strong alcoholic beverage that hails from Japan. It's also known as a fermented rice wine, and as such, it's often supposed to be sipped rather than shot. Traditionally it's also heated and served warm, at least in the winter. But some versions of sake are best enjoyed cold. Not sure how to consume it? Just go to one of these bars or restaurants with sake and ask your waiter. Then enjoy your night about town, even if you don't remember much of it the next day. Kanpai!
Murasaki Sake Lounge
211 E. Ontario St.
Chicago, IL 60611
(312) 266-2280
www.sake.murasakichicago.com Located on the Near North side, this lounge is all about every kind of Japanese alcoholic beverage possible. Its drink menu includes everything from Japanese whiskey and beer to, of course, high-end sake. Not sure what to drink? Just ask the server and they'll make sure to serve you something that pleases the tastebuds. After imbibing, join in on the karaoke. (This is a bar through and through; no food is served).
Takashi
1952 N. Damen Ave.
Chicago, IL 60647
(773) 772-6170
www.takashichicago.com While Takashi is a high-end Bucktown restaurant from acclaimed chef Takashi Yagihashi, it serves both stellar Japanese food and more than 10 varieties of sake. In fact, it offers more sake than it does beer. Depending on your thirst for sake, Takashi offers 720 ml, 300 ml and glass sizes. Additionally, the chef's tasting menu comes paired with a variety of drinks, including wines and sake.
Nisei Lounge
3439 N. Sheffield Ave.
Chicago, IL 60657
(773) 525-0557
www.niseiloungechicago.com For a less traditional sake, head to Nisei Lounge. This Wrigleyville bar is a dive bar, but that doesn't mean it only excels at serving beer. It also serves sake bombs, often for just $5 a pop. That means you get your Japanese shot and a glass of beer all in one go. Just one or two of these and you won't be shooting straight at the bar's pool tables. Related: Best Sushi in Chicago
Sushi Mura
3647 N. Southport Ave.
Chicago, IL 60613
(773) 281-9155
www.sushimura.com Nothing goes better with sake than sushi, especially at this Lakeview hotspot. Pair your caterpillar roll, to name one of many options, with the house sake, or go with a special sake that is served cold. Sake bombs are also available, and when this is served, the sake comes warm, creating a crazy combination of cold beer and hot liquor.
Union Sushi and Barbecue Bar
230 W. Erie St.
Chicago, IL 60654
(312) 662-4888
www.eatatunion.com East meets West at this unique sushi bar in River North that's been recommended by the 2013 Michelin Guide. While you can get traditional sushi here, you can also get fusion dishes like truffled tuna. No matter what dish you dine on, start your meal off by choosing from the extensive sake menu. Feeling a bit overwhelmed? Just ask your server what sake you might enjoy best, and they'll steer you in the right direction. Related: Best Champagne Drinks From Chicago Mixologists
About 4,000 of y'all have a Flame Firefox OS reference phone. This is the developer phone for Firefox OS. If you're writing apps or contributing directly to the open source Firefox OS project, Flame is the device you should have.
The Flame shipped with Firefox OS 1.3 and we're getting close to the first major update for the device, Firefox OS 2.0. This will be a significant update with lots of new features and APIs for app developers and for Firefox OS developers. I don't have a date to share with y'all yet, but it should be days and not weeks.
If you're like me, you cannot wait to see the new stuff. With the Flame reference phone, you don't have to wait. You can head over to MDN today and get a 2.0 pre-release base image, give that a whirl, and report any problems to Bugzilla. You can even flash the latest 2.1 and 2.2 nightly builds to see even further into the future.
If you don't have a Flame yet, and you're planning on contributing testing or coding to Firefox OS or to write apps for Firefox OS, I encourage you to get one soon. We're going to be wrapping up sales in about 6 weeks.
Salary details of ONE THIRD of Americans shared with credit agency Equifax in 'biggest privacy breach in our time'
Over 190 million employment and salary records of American citizens have been shared by their employers with credit rating agencies
This allows anyone signing up to their subsidiary companies to view salary and health insurance details of one-third of adults in the U.S.
It has been revealed that secret salary records of more than one-third of Americans have been shared by their employers with the credit rating agency Equifax.
Described as one of the biggest privacy breaches of the modern age, 190 million employment and salary records have been sold to debt collectors and financial service companies through an Equifax-owned subsidiary called The Work Number.
Originally created as a fast and easy way to check the employment history of new staff, it has been revealed that The Work Number's database is so detailed it contains week-by-week paycheck information dating back years for tens of millions of people.
Openly describing itself as a member of the Equifax family - The Work Number holds almost 200 million individual personal records of American citizens
Worryingly, The Work Number also stores other sensitive information about American citizens such as their health care provider, if they have dental insurance and if they've ever filed an unemployment claim.
'It's the biggest privacy breach in our time, and it's legal and no one knows it's going on,' said Robert Mather, who operates an employment background company named Pre-Employ.com. 'It's like a secret CIA.'
In 2009, Equifax said the data covered 30 percent of the U.S. working population, and it now says The Work Number is adding 12 million records annually.
Equifax and The Work Number obtain the information through thousands of U.S. businesses, including a large number of firms that comprise the Fortune 500.
Indeed, 85-percent of civilians employed by the federal government, including staff at the Department of Defense and schools have their information freely made available to Equifax.
The reason for this is to allow the credit bureau to have the latest information about the working population and in turn some of the firms that provide the information also pay Equifax to collate it.
In 2009, Equifax said the data they own covered 30 percent of the U.S. working population, and it now says The Work Number is adding 12 million records annually
Larry Ponemon, a privacy expert who operates The Ponemon Institute expressed shock at firms selling data to debt collectors
At their end, Equifax sells some of the sensitive information to debt collectors.
The investigation by NBCNews.com sought comment from Equifax and they declined to be interviewed.
However, the firm confirmed that it shares 'employment data' with financial service and debt collecting companies, but that it does so in compliance with Fair Credit Reporting Act guidelines.
'In all cases, these entities must have a permissible purpose to request employment information,' Equifax spokesman Timothy Klein said to NBCNews.com.
He added that consumers allow third parties the right to access data 'at the time of application' for credit.
'A consumer grants verifiers (creditors) and their assigned debt collectors the right to verify employment should the consumer default on their account,' he said.
The reason why The Work Number has become so popular is because it gives companies a simple way to outsource the employment verification of staff.
Firms dislike the drain on human resources that human resource departments endure through confirming references when a former employee applies for a new job.
Therefore, they have begun to use The Work Number, which was part of St. Louis based firm TALX until Equifax purchased it for $1.4 billion in 2007.
However, The Work Number is not secretive - it allows prospective landlords a simple way to verify a prospective tenants income.
It's the biggest privacy breach in our time, and it's legal and no one knows it's going on,' said Robert Mather, who operates an employment background company
Some consumers have found though that the level of information available online outstrips what they are comfortable with.
NBCNews.com spoke with Kathy Sandy of Sommerville, New Jersey, who looked up her own Work Number report and found it was 22-pages long.
It listed every paycheck she had received for years and the first page of the report helpfully lists 'verifiers who have requested your data in the past 24-months.'
Sandy saw that 'Pressler and Pressler' a law firm that specialises in debt collection was listed.
'I found out debt collectors can access this information, which is strange,' said Sandy. I assumed with The Work Number, for that information, you had to have a (passcode) … but they got in, and got it somehow without my consent.'
In his statement to NBC News , Equifax spokesman Timothy Klein said that 'pay rate' information is shared with third parties, such as 'mortgage, auto and other financial services credit grantors.'
He did though, deny that salary information is sold to debt collectors.
'Debt/Collection agencies may request employment information -- which may be nothing more than verifying that a consumer is working where they say they are – if it qualifies under permissible purpose,' he wrote in his statement to NBCNews.com.
'Collections agencies are not provided salary information.'
Credit rating agencies are multi-billion corporations in the United States and affect the financial well-being of millions
This directly contradicts what Equifax CEO Richard Smith said in 2009, when he spoke about The Work Number.
'With FirstSearch and TALX we can provide information about a debtor's location, income and employment,' said Smith in an interview published on NYSE Magazine's website, referring to The Work Number's former parent company.
'That can help prioritize which accounts to pursue first. If they're employed, that business has a better shot at collecting what is owed to them.'
To counter that, Klein said that Smith misspoke when he described TALX's services and said that salary information is not sold to debt collectors.
Robert Mather has worked in the emplyment data business for over two decades and said that if American's thought that their employers gave away personal information they would be shocked.
'The story here is how (The Work Number) is getting this information,' said Mather.
'When people find out, no respectable employer will continue to do this.'
Robert Mather has worked in the emplyment data business for over two decades and said that if American's thought that their employers gave away personal information they would be shocked
NBCNews.com spoke to Larry Ponemon, a privacy expert who operates The Ponemon Institute. He expressed shock at firms selling data to debt collectors.
'Are you joking? Oh my god, I'm shocked,' said Ponemon.
'This is unbelievably scary. I consider payroll information very sensitive and private.'
'If the public knew about this, there would be such outrage,' he said. 'It's just ... really depressing.'
Currently, data brokers are under two separate congressional investigations and the Federal Trade Commission announced in December that it had begun an inquiry into how brokers obtain their information.
However, agencies which report credit ratings, such as The Work Number are considered separate from data brokers and are governed by special rules.
It is therse separate rules that are what Equifax operates its salary information under said Katrina Blodgett, a lawyer with the Federal Trade Commission.
'It's not as easy as it should be to say whether debt collectors can get your consumer reports, because it depends on the circumstance,' she said, adding that she believed Equifax could have the right to sell the salary information to debt collectors because it is part of a credit report.
'There are special restrictions on how credit reports can be used in hiring decisions, but there are no special restrictions on how employment reports (such as salary information) is used for non-employment purposes.'
Politician moves colleagues to tears as she describes her experience during Commons debate on violence against women
A Scottish MP has told a House of Commons debate on violence against women that she was raped at the age of 14, moving colleagues to tears and declaring: “I'm not a victim. I'm a survivor.”
Michelle Thomson, who was elected as an SNP member but withdrew from the party whip last year, told parliament: “When I was 14, I was raped.
“As is common, it was by somebody who was known to me. He had offered to walk me home from a youth event and in those days everybody walked everywhere. It was quite common to do that.
“It was early evening. It wasn't dark. I was wearing – I'm imagining, I'm guessing – jeans and a sweatshirt. He told me he wanted to show me something in a wooded area and at that point, I must admit, I was alarmed. I did have a warning bell – but I overrode that warning bell because I knew him and therefore there was a level of trust in place.
“To be honest, looking back, at that point I don't think I knew what rape was. It was not something that was talked about.”
Thomson added: “It was mercifully quick and I remember first of all feeling surprise, then fear, then horror as I realised I quite simply couldn't escape – because he was stronger than me, and there was no sense even initially of any sexual desire from him, which I suppose, looking back, again I find odd.”
The MP said she had felt “absolutely numbed” and ashamed but told no one about the incident.
“I didn't tell my mother, I didn't tell my father, I didn't tell my friends and I didn't tell the police. I bottled it all up inside me,” she said. “I hoped, briefly and appallingly, that I might be pregnant so that would force a situation to help me control it.”
She added: “I felt I was spoiled and impure and really felt revulsion towards myself.
“I, of course, then detached from the child up to then I had been. Although, in reality, at the age of 14 it was probably the start of my sexual awakening, at that time, remembering back, sex was something that men did to women and perhaps this incident reinforced that early belief.”
During the debate, a second MP recounted how she had been subject to an attempted rape and slept with a knife afterwards.
Tracy Brabin, who was recently elected in Batley and Spen, succeeding the murdered Labour MP Jo Cox, said: “I was 20 and the worst thing that I could ever imagine happening to me was about to take place. I was going to be one of those very rare statistics of a woman who is attacked by a stranger, not by someone she knows.
“I was in my second year at university. The man had seen me walk past his car and had waited ahead for me to turn the corner. As I came up against him all those words of advice your mum gives you – knee him where it hurts then run like hell – well, they disappeared. I was frozen in fear.
The former Coronation Street actor added: “As he shoved me to the ground trying to rape me, I fought back but I was battered. It was only the community-spirited Indian neighbour further down the road that saved me from something much worse.”
The MPs shared their personal stories as part of a debate to mark the UN International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women.
A new tally of violence against women in England and Wales disclosed this week that more than 900 women had been killed by men over a six-year period, most by their current or former partners.
Before the parliamentary session, more than 70 Labour MPs wrote to Theresa May asking that the government immediately ratify the Istanbul convention, an international agreement aimed at ending violence against women.
The letter, organised by the Labour MP Seema Malhotra, notes that when she was home secretary May promised to tackle domestic violence and establish a cross-departmental strategy on tackling violence against women and girls, and that her government spoke out about such matters.
“But, as we are sure you will agree, words are not enough,” it continues, adding that violence against women perpetrated by a partner or acquaintance increased rapidly between 2009 and 2014, as did report of child sexual abuse and domestic violence.
“Funding for staff who provide individual and tailored support for victims of violence to rebuild their lives and seek prosecution of their abusers is being cut,” the MPs say. “We believe that by their actions (and failures to act), your ministers are failing to deliver on your commitment to tackling sexual abuse and violence. We are therefore asking you to take leadership on these issues immediately.”
Thomson, one of the cohort of SNP MPs elected following the nationalists' gains in the 2015 general election, withdrew from the party whip last September 2015 after being linked to possible mortgage fraud.
The party's then business spokesperson said she had always acted within the law following confirmation from Police Scotland that it was investigating alleged irregularities in a series of property deals after the MP's solicitor was struck off for professional misconduct.
It looked bad when it happened and it apparently is bad for Miami Dolphins safety Louis Delmas.
A league source tells me the intial report on Delmas, who went down in a heap during today's joint practice between the Dolphins and Carolina Panthers, is he tore the ACL to his right knee. Delmas is having an MRI today to confirm the initial findings.
Delmas is headed to the injured reserve list, assuming the initial report is accurate. There is no cap relief for placing a veteran player on IR.
[Update: A look at the Delmas contract shows this injury is going to cost him a big chunk of money -- approximately $1.75 million. He had $750,000 coming to him in the form of per game bonuses, prorated at $46,875 per game. He will not collect any of that. The Dolphins save $140,625 against the cap there because only three of those prorated bonuses were not likely to be earned. But here's the big hit: Delmas signed a split contract because of his injury history. And so, if the Dolphins place him on injured reserve before the regular season begins, they will not owe him his full scheduled $1.475 million base salary. They will only owe him $417,000 because his injury happened in the preseason. He will not get the other $1 million or so and the team would save that $1 million in cap space. The the total savings in cap space to the Dolphins could be approximately $1.14 million. The total cost from this injury to Louis Delmas could be $1 million in base salary plus another $750,000 in bonuses for a total of $1.75 million.]
Delmas had total reconstructive surgery on the same knee in December when he tore it up in Week 14. The Dolphins, encouraged by his quick recovery, signed him to a one-year contract. Delmas was working as the starting strong safety for the team.
Now that job will fall to Walt Aikens or Michael Thomas or perhaps someone the Dolphins find elsewhere.
"Source: Mike Leach next head coach at Maryland," the OrangeBloods headline blared.
Leach, the pirate-loving Air Raid disciple, was headed to Maryland a year after Texas Tech fired him for alleged poor treatment of Craig James' son. The report from Chip Brown in Dec. 2010 didn't come as a surprise given Leach was immediately associated with the job following Ralph Friedgen's firing. Leach had a good relationship with Under Armour founder Kevin Plank, a former Maryland football player, and was athletic director Kevin Anderson's preferred candidate. On the day of Friedgen's dismissal, The Washington Post reported strong mutual interest between Maryland and Leach.
All Leach had to do was interview with Maryland's search committee which included a mix of academics, university donors and athletic department personnel. It was considered to be a formality, at least by outsiders, a chance for university leaders to rubber stamp the next football coach.
It wasn't.
"I've interviewed a lot of people for jobs in my career," said a member of Maryland's search committee, "and that was one of the more bizarre interviews. You'd ask him a question, and he would just start talking and keep talking...you are sitting there thinking when is he going to get to the answer? And then he says, 'Oh wait, I'm rambling. What was the question again?"
Leach, one of college football's most honest yet peculiar characters, was well prepared to discuss his Texas Tech firing but struggled to answer academic questions. He used salty, off-the-cuff language that didn't exactly endear himself to some members of the search committee. He rarely was able to directly answer even simple questions.
It sunk the Mad Pirate's chances of becoming Maryland's head coach. He went from reportedly calling recruits about Maryland to back on the search for a job after the school hired Randy Edsall. (Edsall was fired in 2015 after a 22-34 record in five seasons). Leach had a similarly poor interview experience with Tennessee in 2008, according to sources, and yet the Volunteers still almost hired him nearly a decade later -- the two sides reportedly agreed to term -- before athletic director John Currie was called back to Knoxville and suspended. Leach couldn't get much traction after Phillip Fulmer took over the AD job and Tennessee ultimately hired Alabama defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt.
Leach's Maryland experience not only explains why he isn't as popular with university leaders as he is with sportswriters but showcases the importance of the interview process. On paper Leach, now at Washington State, is a quote machine and the captain of a high-scoring fun offense -- a dream combination when it comes to generating fan interest and filling stadiums. But it often isn't that simple.
"You have to remember while the athletic director is key, the president plays a role and the president will look at someone as a representative of the university and not just as a football coach," said Chuck Neinas, former Big 12 commissioner and a long-time search consultant.
"I personally know and like Mike Leach but Mike Leach has prospered at Texas Tech and Washington State which are kind of the periphery, and that's not meant to be negative. He is highly popular in those settings, but I don't think he'd work at Stanford."
Talk to athletic directors, agents and search industry experts and they all have memorable interview stories. Former Florida State coach Bobby Bowden tells a famous story of wanting to replace Ray Perkins at Alabama and expecting an offer to be a formality only to walk into a room full of 17 people and realize he had to formally interview. The job, instead, went to Bill Curry and Bowden built a powerhouse in Tallahassee.
Gus Malzahn, then Auburn's offensive coordinator, refused to get on a plane to interview at Maryland in 2010 unless he was promised a job offer, according to that same search committee member. That demand turned off the school, and both parties decided to go their separate ways with Malzahn ultimately taking the Arkansas State job the following year.
Ed Orgeron got then-Ole Miss chancellor Robert Khayat into a three-point stance during a wild interview for the Ole Miss job in 2004. Orgeron told The Advocate he "showed my enthusiasm" with the football drills, made a connection with the university leader and beat out Randy Shannon and Dennis Erickson for the job.
A personal favorite: A successful coach doomed his chances for a job after obliviously sucking on a mint while talking during his interview before taking it out of his mouth and plunking the spit-covered mint down on the table in front of everyone. It totally derailed the meeting even if he was qualified for the job.
Neinas, who has assisted on many searches over the years including ones at Alabama and Auburn, remembers two coaches missing out on jobs he was involved with because of perceived poor interviews despite the coaches possessing sterling qualifications. The issue? They were too laid back.
"Both are superior gentlemen in every respect of the word and good coaches," he said. "But in both instances, the client said he doesn't have enough fire in his belly. If I were to give you the names of the coaches, you'd be surprised because both have done very well."
There are a lot of factors that go into a significant hiring decision particularly one that requires a multi-million dollar commitment like hiring a new football coach. There are obvious factors that anyone can recognize -- coaches who win national championships are generally good and desirable -- that make some hires easier than others. Texas A&M didn't have to make Jimbo Fisher go through the gauntlet before offering him a massive 10-year, $75 million deal -- his record at Florida State spoke for itself.
But when it's less clear-cut, fit becomes paramount. When Dan Mullen decided to leave Starkville for Florida, Mississippi State athletic director John Cohen already had four or five good candidates in mind for the vacant position. Cohen interviewed multiple candidates including Pruitt but decided on Penn State offensive coordinator Joe Moorhead in part because of a stellar in-person interview experience.
"We interviewed some coaches I think are going to be outstanding coaches at the (Power 5) level, but they probably weren't the greatest fit for us at Mississippi State right now," Cohen said. "Fit for us was really important, and that's the importance of going eyeball-to-eyeball with someone and sitting in the same room. You have an idea from talking on the phone but at the same time sitting in the same room becomes an important factor."
During the interview process, candidates are asked about staffing plans -- who are they going to bring with them and how realistic are those plans? -- recruiting and managing the challenges of a 24/7, 365-day a year job. For first-time head coaches, how will they handle the transition from coordinator into the CEO of a multi-million dollar operation? That first year can be particularly challenging for new coaches as they deal with constant requests they didn't typically face as assistants whether from fans, big donors, university administration, player parents or the media. Athletic directors and university officials are trying to determine all of this at a rushed pace -- interviews typically only last a few hours despite the enormous stakes of the decision. Who is involved in the interview process -- and has the power to make the hire -- is a massive variable. At some schools, the AD has full authority to make the hire while other schools demand some combination of the president, trustees and influential donors be involved.
At Mississippi State, Jared Benko, the athletic department's CFO, and Bo Hemphill, deputy AD of development, both assisted Cohen with in-person interviews. The Mississippi State AD wanted their perspectives on how the potential hires could impact alumni donations and the overall financials of the athletic department. When the school started focusing on Moorhead, the big question was how a coach with little ties to the South -- his last three coaching stints were at Penn State, Fordham and UConn -- could succeed at MSU. Cohen talked to Moorhead on the phone and then met with him twice in two days to gather as much information as possible on how a potential marriage would work. They asked the Penn State offensive coordinator point-blank how he'd connect with recruits from rural areas of the Deep South.
Moorhead won over the room with his answer, saying "If a kid is passionate about football, if he's passionate about being a good student-athlete, then we can connect instantly just like we connected in this room."
"That was a pretty powerful statement," Cohen said, "and I believe that. I believe he can connect with anybody."
When Orgeron got a chance to interview for another SEC head coach job, he didn't make LSU athletic director Joe Alleva get in a football stance. He had learned from the mistakes of his disastrous Ole Miss tenure and knew he had to sell the search committee on that enlightenment if he was going to get the full-time job. He created two binders on how to build a championship program at LSU full of things he learned along the way including at USC under Pete Carroll. It "blew away" the search committee and he got the job after Tom Herman opted for Austin over Baton Rouge.
Recalling his own interview experiences, Cohen, a former baseball coach, said the candidate "who has a plan and is passionate can overcome almost any other deficiency."
For others, all it can take is one bad two-hour interview to negatively overshadow a career's worth of accomplishments.
John Talty is the college sports editor for Alabama Media Group. Follow him on Twitter @JTalty.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. US President Barack Obama has accused some opponents of his healthcare reform proposals of trying to "scare the heck" out of people. Anti-reform campaigners had created "bogeymen out there that just aren't real", he said at a town-hall style meeting in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Passing a healthcare reform bill is Mr Obama's top domestic priority for 2009. But in recent weeks, opponents of reform have been making serious accusations about his proposals. The former Republican vice-presidential candidate, Sarah Palin, said last week that the president wanted to set up "death panels" of government officials with the power to determine whether disabled or elderly Americans are "worthy of healthcare". In fact, under proposals drawn up by the US House of Representatives, the government would pay for elderly Americans to receive voluntary consultations with doctors to discuss their end-of-life care. "The rumour that's been circulating a lot lately is this idea that somehow the House of Representatives voted for death panels that will basically pull the plug on Grandma because we've decided that its too expensive to let her live anymore," said Mr Obama. "Somehow, it has gotten spun into this idea of death panels. I am not in favour of that, I want to clear the air here." Meetings disrupted Some 46 million people in America currently do not have health insurance, and rising healthcare costs are a major contributing factor to America's spiralling budget deficit. But there is disagreement about how to go about reforming the system. HEALTHCARE IN THE US 46 million uninsured, 25 million under-insured Healthcare costs represent 16% of GDP, almost twice OECD average Reform plans would require all Americans to get insurance Some propose public insurance option to compete with private insurers
Q&A: US healthcare reform Democrats in the House of Representatives have reportedly reached a deal on a bill that would mandate all Americans to take out health insurance, with subsidies for the less well-off paid for by a tax on families earning over $350,000 a year. The House bill would also offer Americans who do not get coverage through their employer the chance to join a publicly-run scheme. But in the Senate negotiations have stalled, with moderate senators expressing opposition to both the tax and the public plan proposed by the House. Both chambers need to agree on a bill before it can become law. HAVE YOUR SAY People are afraid to go to the hospital in an emergency, because they do not want to saddle their families with debilitating debt Louise Wilson, Grand Rapids, MI Mr Obama had called on the Senate and the House to agree their own versions of a bill before the August recess, but lawmakers missed the deadline. During the recess, much healthcare "town-hall" meetings hosted by Democratic politicians have been targeted by conservative opponents of reform. The opposition has sometimes been quite vocal, with anti-reform campaigners chanting slogans and shouting down supporters of reform. Proponents of reform say the protests are being organised by well-funded lobby groups, while opponents say they are a genuine expression of anger at Mr Obama's proposals. At the New Hampshire meeting, which did not feature any angry scenes, the president called on his opponents to temper their behaviour. "I do hope that we will talk with each other and not over each other," he said. Polls suggest that a majority of Americans support many of the administration's healthcare proposals.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Old English heroic poem, said to have been written between the 8th and 11th centuries. Set in Scandinavia during the late 5th century, this epic poem follows Greats hero Beowulf as he does battle with several characters including Grendel and a dragon.
This version translated by Francis Barton Gummere (1855-1919).
In this book, Beowulf is the hero of the epic. He is the prince of Skingrad, and he slays great beasts with his bare hands, and receives grand rewards for it. But one day, he runs into a troll-like beast, and slays him. He chops off the head and brings it to the palace, and a grand party is held. The trolls' mother however learns of her son's death and runs towards the castle and slaughters the guards outside. Beowulf attempts to kill her, but she is stronger than any beast he has ever encountered. Will he kill her, or will she kill him and get her revenge?--Submitted by Parkour
Fan of this book? Help us introduce it to others by writing a better introduction for it. It's quick and easy, click here.
Recent Forum Posts on Beowulf
Beowulf in Class Wasn't sure whether to put this question here or in the education-related sections. But I have some questions regarding peoples' classroom experiences with Beowulf. When, if ever, did you read Beowulf? Did you read it in translation or in OE or both? Sort of related to question two, in what way did you read or discuss Beowulf -- as language/poetry or as history/culture? And finally, a more personal/emotional response. Did you like reading it? If it's been a while since you last read it, are you glad that you read it? Why? I'm asking because I'm putting together an Introduction to Literature course, early college/university level, and am I thinking of using Beowulf (Heaney translation) to broadly address the poetry aspect of the course. And then use Gardner's novel Grendel to help illustrate literature as a "conversation of arts" . . .so to speak. Oh, and I never read Beowulf in school. Ever. What a shame. Posted By The Comedian at Mon 7 Feb 2011, 6:36 PM in Beowulf || 6 Replies
beowulf Hello everyone, I am new to this forum and excited to chat and learn from everyone. I'm especially hoping to learn a little about Beowulf...I'll be teaching British Literature in the fall and I'm not sure which translation would be best suited for 11th graders...any suggestions? Thanks! Posted By gilligan at Wed 13 May 2009, 1:22 AM in Beowulf || 0 Replies
need some help guys alrite. I need to write an essay about isolation and alienation in beowulf. i need some serious help because i can't even figure out who was isolated. Can you guys help me and give me some ideas? many thanks Posted By alylakhani at Sat 13 Dec 2008, 11:24 PM in Beowulf || 4 Replies
Help with an essay - Lines 1517-1555 Please! Hi everyone! Just looking for some help, I have to write only a 500-word essay on the internal structure, external connections, larger significance, also any intrinsic literary properties of this passage. Lines 1517-1555 It was then that he saw the size of this water-hag, .. as soon as the Geat regained his feet (pp.55-57 - Penguin) or (p.50-52, Oxford world's classics edition.) Any help would be really greatly appreciated! Posted By V07teh at Tue 25 Mar 2008, 2:49 AM in Beowulf || 0 Replies
Has anyone read Beowulf? Has anyone read Beowulf recently? I need to write some diary entries, where I have to in character of Beowulf, but I want to be sure it sounds like him. If someone replies to see it then I'll post it. Posted By Twisted_Fate at Wed 26 Dec 2007, 4:51 AM in Beowulf || 2 Replies
Beowulf - I need your help! Hey Everyone, I have an assignment for an English Literature class. I must write 6 pages regarding the clothing & weapons people used, all based off of only Beowulf. Does anyone have any suggestions or pointers? Or know of some lines in Beowulf that might be particularly helpful? I read the whole poem, but this does not come naturally to me, and I'm having a lot of trouble getting 6 pages out of this. Please help! Posted By highamperage at Wed 14 Nov 2007, 2:37 AM in Beowulf || 1 Reply
Additional Questions Hello everyone, I have a few questions about Beowulf. I look forward to your interpretation and your replies! 1. I find the parent-child relationship between Grendel's mother and Grendel strange. Why does Grendel attack the Danes by himself? Does his mother just lie around in the cave, accepting the fact that his son and she is outcasts; there is nothing they can do about it? 2. Why did the Anglo-Saxons/early Scandinavians believe so strongly in fate? 3. The kenning Beowulf can denote bear. If so, why would the protagonist of the epic poem be a bear? Was it a revered animal in Anglo-Saxon culture? 4. Why would young Wealtheow give herself up to be old Hrothgar's wife? Was she coerced to do so? Or did she do so to get Hrothgar's property and riches? Posted By vertciel at Mon 5 Nov 2007, 1:37 AM in Beowulf || 0 Replies
The Fight at Finnsburg story in Beowulf The fight at Finnsburg is a story within a story here's the middle of the Finnsburg story Wīg ealle fornam Finnes þegnas, nemne fēaum ānum, þæt hē ne mehte on þæm meðel-stede wig Hengeste with gefeohtan, nē þā wēa-lāfe wige forþringan, þēodnes ðegnē; þac hig him geþingo budon, þæt hīe him ōðer flet eal gerymdon, healle ond hēah-setl, þæt hīe healfre geweald wið Eotena bearn āgan mōston, ond æt feoh-gyftum, Folc-waldan sunu dōgra gehwylce Dene weorþode, Hengestes hēap hringgum wenede efne swā swīðe, Rendering Battle swept Finn's retainers near all away, but only few was he able, to muster for a final-fight, with Hengeste the prince's retainer, nor were those wounded brought out, so to him he offered truce, to entirely clear out another house, for hall and throne, and there allowed Hengeste's men to once more, in treasure-giving share half with the sons of Jute. Thus, the Folk-warden's son honored the Danes each day, just the same as Hengeste's troops were ring-treated, and this is the end Battle swept Finn's retainers near all away, but only few was he able, to muster for a final-fight, with Hengeste the prince's retainer, nor were those wounded brought out, so to him he offered truce, to entirely clear out another house, for hall and throne, and there allowed Hengeste's men to once more, in treasure-giving share half with the sons of Jute. Thus, the Folk-warden's son honored the Danes each day, just the same as Hengeste's troops were ring-treated, and this is the end Here-scyldinga betst beado-rinca wæs on bæl gearu. æt þæm ade wæs eþgesyne swat-fah syrce, swyn ealgylden, eofer irenheard, æþeling manig wundum awyrded; sume on wæle crungon. Het ða Hildeburh æt Hnæfes ade hire selfre sunu sweoloðe befæstan, ban-fatu bærnan ond on bæl don eame on eaxle. Ides gnornode, geomrode giddum. Guðrinc astah; wand to wolcnum wæl-fyra mæst, hlynode for hlawe; hafelan multon, ben-geato burston, ðonne blod ætspranc, lað-bite lices. Lig ealle forswealg, gæsta gifrost, þara ðe þær guð fornam bega folces; wæs hira blæd scacen. Rendering Armed-Scyld's best warriors made ready for the fire. As ready seen on the pyre, bloodstained-battle-shirts, all golden swine, these iron-hard boars, that many wounds took away; these great ones, noblemen felled duly-slain. By order of Hildeburh on Hnæfe's pyre her son she commited to the blaze, at his uncle's shoulder a body laid to be devoured by fire's-flame. This Lady mourns, with dirge laments, these warriors rise: then curl to the clouds as the great funeral fire, roars over the wooden heap; heads melt, wounds bust on, then blood springs forth from this loathsome bite. Fire consumed all, with spirit most eager, both kin that war swept-away; and now her good-fortune must thus depart. Posted By joseph s crary at Tue 2 Oct 2007, 10:57 PM in Beowulf || 0 Replies
Its a poem right Beowulf the þeom Hear you all, of our warriors, as in former-days, the country's nobles, heard deeds, of how brave men, earned our praise. It's often said Scyld of Scef, from enemy troops, of many nations, snatched away their mead-benches, and scattered earls. Yet when first weaned, he was found friendless, to garner and prepare, waxing under cloudy-skies, to grow upright-minded, until to him all tribes, over the whale-roads, did submit with tribute paid; due this great-kingship. Thereafter to him a child was given, whom when young at court, was seen as god sent to favor folk: for he felt fearful-woe that in those days they went without a leader too long awhile. He that Frea made wonder-ruler, gave earthly-honor; Beowulf was his name and wide-spread his fame, this offspring of Scyld, throughout the southern lands. Thus as young men must he did good deeds, gave rich flawless gifts to his father's troupe, that when he came of age thereafter they remained as willing-friends; and when war came, they served the people as lofty-fame demands, among each clan and prospered man. When this Scyld passed at the proper time, he was well resolved to go in Frea's way. So his closest clansmen bore him to the briny froth, as he is in-person bid, this wonder-ruler and friend of Scylds, beloved land-giver forever long-remembered. Posted By joseph s crary at Mon 1 Oct 2007, 11:41 PM in Beowulf || 6 Replies
For more than 20 years, people in the Solomon Islands have told scientists about huge rats that live in the treetops.
But no one could prove the creature actually existed—until November 2015, when loggers felled a 30-foot-tall tree on the island of Vangunu and a rat came crashing down with it.
Unfortunately for this rodent of unusual size, the fall took its life. But as fate would have it, a ranger from a nearby conservation area, Hikuna Judge, witnessed the animal's last moments.
Knowing he'd found something special, Judge preserved the rat's remains and shipped them to the Queensland Museum in Australia.
“I immediately knew it was something new,” says mammalogist Tyrone Lavery, a fellow at the Queensland Museum and Chicago's Field Museum who's been searching for the rat since 2010.
Weighing more than two pounds and growing up to 1.5 feet long, the Vangunu giant rat (Uromys vika) is about four times larger than city rats scurrying through alleys and dumpsters the world over. (Watch what happens when you tickle a rat.)
It's the first new rodent species discovered in the Solomon Islands in over 80 years.
See How Easily a Rat Can Wriggle Up Your Toilet
A Life in the Trees
Even from a single specimen, there are a lot the scientists can surmise about the giant rat's behaviors.
For instance, the rodent's long, hairless, and scaly tail likely provides traction while navigating the treetops. Wide back feet with large pads and curved claws are also probably adaptations for life in the trees, says Lavery, who, with Judge, co-authored a paper describing the new species in the latest Journal of Mammalogy. (Read about giant rats sniffing out landmines.)
Like most rodents, the Vangunu giant rat has large, sharp incisors, which it apparently uses to gnaw into Canarium nuts. The rats are also fond of coconuts, according to local people in Vangunu.
View Images The rats' sharp teeth allow them to bore into Canarium nuts (pictured). Photograph courtesy of Tyrone Lavery, The Field Museum
This area of the Pacific, known as Melanesia, is home to many species of giant rodents, says Nathan Whitmore, a Papua New Guinea-based biologist with the Wildlife Conservation Society, who wasn't involved in the study.
"The issue is they are increasingly bloody hard to find," Whitmore says by email. "Many are likely to go extinct before we ever know they exist."
Rat Race Against Extinction
That's why Lavery and Judge are lucky they found the Vangunu rat—It's rapidly disappearing forest habitat may mean the animal is critically endangered.
Timber companies have logged 90 percent of the Solomon Island's trees, and on Vangunu, the rats are squeezed into remaining patches totaling just 31 square miles. (The single rat in the study was found in Zaira, a community that's against logging, Lavery says.)
View Images The newfound giant rat perches on a tree trunk in an artist's imagining. Illustration by Velizar Simeonovski, The Field Museum
Feral cats and even other invasive rat species may also be preying on or competing with the Vangunu giant rat, notes Whitmore. (Read how genetic engineering may work to stop invasive species.)
"These exotic rats have also been implicated in the extinction of native rats on Christmas Island through the spread of trypanosome parasites,” he says.
Of course, describing the Vangunu giant rat is the first step toward saving it.
Generally, "you can't apply for conservation funding for species you can't prove actually exist,” says Whitmore. “This makes the work that Tyrone is doing especially valuable.”
For Worcester's Joslyn Fox, it all came down to lip-synching for her life to Aretha Franklin's "Think" against another drag queen, each vying for drag icon RuPaul's approval. The duel was fierce, both female impersonators bristling with energy as they mimed Franklin's hallelujah-like chorus.
In the end, it was Fox who "sashayed away" from the reality TV competition, "RuPaul's Drag Race." But in the show's wake, she suddenly finds herself performing all over the country, her newest career chapter seemingly just beginning.
It's uncharted territory for the 27-year-old Fox, whose alter-ego, Patrick Allen Joslyn, grew up in Auburn, where his parents, Suzanne and Timothy Joslyn, still live.
"They still live in the house I grew up in," says Fox, who prefers to be referred to as a female when in her stage persona. She adds that they're enthusiastic and supportive of her career. "They knew I wanted to be a celebrity � an entertainer."
She also says she suspects they're relieved he found a pursuit, admitting that, as a youth, she bounced between sports and artistic activities with little focus, "until I started doing drag."
That came in 2007, when Fox was beginning a DJ career at the now-closed Blu Ultralounge & Nightclub in Worcester.
"I had begged and pleaded for a night at Blu," says Fox, "and they gave me Sundays, which was the slowest night." It was also the night of a weekly drag show. "That was my first exposure to drag," she said, adding that she also began attending drag shows on Mondays in Boston, which she credits as a major influence.
Fox wanted to perform, but needed to find a way to balance both stage and turntable.
"Why don't you just DJ in drag?" said local drag performer Lady Sabrina, who Fox also credits as a major influence. It worked, and the Joslyn Fox persona was created.
"Sabrina was 'The Voice of Why Not,'" jokes Fox, saying, "I don't know if I could have gone all the way" without the veteran performer's encouragement.
The drag show's audience expanded over the course of three years, according to Fox, often becoming the venue's busiest night, before folding. By that point, Fox had set her mind on drag stardom � a path that leads directly to "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Fox auditioned multiple times before securing a place on the show, which was shot in Los Angeles in June. Fox swears she has no idea who wins.
"I was performing with some of the girls this past weekend in Philadelphia," she said, "and I was like, 'Don't say anything! I don't want to know!'"
Fox, who will return to Los Angeles next week for a "reunion" episode, found herself impressed by the show's iconic namesake.
"Ru is very put together," says Fox, admiringly, "very poised. She's intimidating because you can't crack her. She's very smart � she's learned from her mistakes."
The competition puts the competitors through challenges that, in many ways, mimic or satirize reality TV competitions. One challenge forced the drag queens to rap, another to impersonate a celebrity. Several calls for sewing skill, and one asked the competitors to interview celebrity Chaz Bono and his grandmother, singer Georgia Holt, talk-show host style. The show � and a drag career � demands disparate skills. The winner is the performer RuPaul feels has mastered the most of those skills.
Fox says performing, particularly dancing and acting, is her biggest strength. She says she was one of the few competitors to get through the rap battle in only one take, and that RuPaul said "you're perfect" after she shot a comic horror-movie scene. She says her weakness is sewing and editing her outfits, which she admits were often large on sparkly bits and short on fabric.
"I always go too far," she says, giggling lightly. "I never know where to stop."
Fox is bright and breezy in person, comfortable both in a photo shoot on the Worcester Common or sitting across a table from a reporter. Part of the confidence comes from the persona, certainly, but she says "Joslyn is just an extension of Patrick. Joslyn is Patrick turned up to 11."
Still, she's reflective on the episode on which she left "Drag Race." For the episode, she had to give a drag-makeover to a heterosexual basketball player identified as "Brandon." Brandon was resistant, expressing fear about how his fellow players would react.
"I had everything working against me," said Fox, who also had makeup issues and overextended herself making two dresses. She suspects Brandon wasn't entirely clear on what he'd signed up for, and noted that "this was before Jason Collins came out in the NBA."
The conflict led to the pair having a serious discussion about those fears, something which doesn't always happen on a lighthearted show, and Fox says she is "pleased I got to leave on a note like that."
The hard knocks forced Fox to lip-synch against California drag queen and former "American Idol" finalist Adore Delano. Fox admits she might have been overconfident going into the duel, but knew it was over as soon as she finished.
"After to lip-synch, I started to panic," she says, adding, "I didn't realize until I watched it how intense Adore was."
RuPaul kept Delano, but Fox is upbeat about her experience and her new opportunities, referring to the show as "RuPaul's School For Girls" because of all she's learned. She's been on a whirlwind tour, although she laments she has few opportunities to perform in Worcester, where there is no longer a regularly scheduled drag show for her to claim as a home base.
Her next regional performance will be May 1 at the Southern Maine AIDS Walk.
After that, she intends to continue performing, with an eye toward film, television and even Broadway, noting the recent success of "Kinky Boots" and "Hedwig and the Angry Inch."
"My favorite moments are when I get to perform on stage," she says. "That's when my little boy dreams come true."
Email Victor D. Infante at Victor.Infante@Telegram.com, and follow him on Twitter @ocvictor.
T-Mobile's latest offer could save US cellular consumers from having to pay massive roaming fees when they travel overseas.
Beginning Oct. 31, individual and business customers in T-Mobile's Simple Choice plans "automatically get unlimited data and texting in more than 100 Simple Global countries worldwide, and they will only pay a global flat rate of 20 cents per minute for voice calls when roaming in the same countries," the company announced last night. "Eligible customers on T-Mobile's popular Simple Choice plan won't have to activate anything or pay an extra monthly fee."
The deal is good for both new and existing customers. As you might expect, the free data won't get you on a 4G LTE network, or even a 3G one. A fact sheet says the data roaming provides speeds of 128Kbps, "ideal for e-mail, web pages, navigation, and social apps."
That's "up to 2G speeds," T-Mobile said in another document accompanying its announcement. The feature is "not for extended international travel."
T-Mobile told Ars that it will sell higher-speed passes for international travel. A one-day pass capped at 100MB will cost $15, a 7-day pass capped at 200MB will cost $25, and a 14-day pass capped at 500MB will cost $50. T-Mobile did not answer when we asked how fast the higher speeds actually are.
Regardless of the limitations, free data of any speed is good news for anyone who has ever traveled abroad and either paid outrageously high roaming fees or just turned data capabilities off entirely.
Here's a list of the countries where roaming is available:
Prepaid plans and some other low-cost plans aren't eligible for the free international roaming.
T-Mobile also announced a new "Stateside International Talk & Text" feature which costs $10 a month and includes free calls to landlines in more than 70 countries and rates not exceeding 20 cents a minute to any number in the 100 Simple Global countries.
Finally, T-Mobile announced that its 4G LTE network is now capable of reaching 200 million US consumers in 233 metro areas. To celebrate, the company signed a multiyear sponsorship deal with Shakira.
The cast of Jersey Strong: Brooke Barnett, Maggie Voelkel, Creep Evans, and Jayda Jaques Photo by Jason DeCrow for Pivot
Jersey Strong, a feel-good reality series that premieres Saturday on Pivot, chronicles the lives of two women—Jayda, a former gang member, and Brooke, a lesbian defense attorney. In a way, though, it's really about Newark, N.J. Or, at least, about viewers' perceptions of Newark.
Newark is Cory Booker, the supermayor (and future senator) who rescues people from burning buildings, but it's also poverty, crime, and gangs. That association allows the producers to take a time-saving shortcut when it comes to establishing its main characters: Jayda is a Blood, and her boyfriend, Creep, is a Crip. They're “Romeo and Juliet in the hood.” We know their gang affiliations, their relationship status, and their child-raising style (demanding)—but not much else. Why exactly does Jayda pull together a lunch party for a group of young single mothers who she then proceeds to mentor? Is it her job or a volunteer project? Is she a professional counselor or just a bit of a busy-body? When she shows up at the strip club where one of her mentees is shaking for singles, she comes off like a cross between Miss Jean Brodie and Carrie Nation, but she seems sincerely determined to find another job for the rookie ecdysiast.
Brooke is a bad-ass lesbian trial attorney, and her origin story is that after growing up in the suburbs of central Jersey, a run-in with the law the night before her high-school graduation filled her with determination to fight for the rights of the badly done by. In Newark that means representing the poor and powerless in their struggles against the establishment. In the scenes filmed in her legal firm we see her strategizing with clients about how to prove that they were abused by the police or the whole damned system. Brooke has a girlfriend, and while they don't match the Montague-Capulet vibe of Jayda and Creep, Maggie is blonde to Brooke's brunette, chill to her tightly wound.
Brooke and Maggie have issues—Brooke works too much, she frets about finding her place in the lives of Maggie's two college-aged kids, and there's awkwardness around the marriage question—but their issues aren't that different from Jayda and Creep's. Reality shows—heck, television shows generally—are far too enamored with parallelism, and sometimes it's hard to see sanitation worker Creep and do-gooder Jayda looking for common ground with a couple whose finances are clearly far more secure. But when Jayda compares her engagement ring unfavorably to something Brooke has bought for Maggie, and Creep tells her, “Marry Brooke then,” it's clear that we're living in a world of marriage equality. (Albeit not yet in New Jersey.) There's no suggestion that one of these relationships is any less legitimate than the other.
This is the State of the Union in the fall of 2013: When a TV network wants to tell a genuinely inspiring story about individuals working to improve the lives of their fellow citizens, it turns to a former gang member and a lesbian (a lesbian trial lawyer who smokes, even). The times they are a-changing. For the better.
Step-by-step tutorial on how to record and play sound or audio in Ionic 3 Angular 5 Cordova Mobile App with the working example. The scenario of this tutorial just a record button, list of recorded sound/audio and play button on each sound/audio item. The result of the user interface should be like this.
The following tools, framework, and modules are required for this tutorial:
- Node.js (Recommended Version)
- Ionic 3
- Angular 5
- Cordova
We assume that you have installed the recommended version of Node.js. Now, update or install Ionic 3 latest version. Open the terminal (MAC/Linux) or Node command line (Windows) then type this command.
sudo npm i -D -E [email protected] sudo npm i cordova
You can exclude `sudo` if using Node command line on Windows.
1. Create a New Ionic 3 Angular 5 App
On the terminal or Node.js command line type this command to create a new Ionic 3, Angular 5 and Cordova App after go to your projects folder.
ionic start ionic-sound blank
Go to your newly created project folder by type this command.
cd ./ionic-sound
For tutorial sanitation, run the app on the browser then type this command.
ionic serve -l
And you will see this page in the default browser.
2. Add Ionic 3 Cordova Native Media and File Plugin
To make an app for recording and playing sound, simple add Ionic 3 Cordova Native Media and File plugin. On the terminal type this command to install it.
ionic cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-media npm install --save @ionic-native/media ionic cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-file npm install --save @ionic-native/file
Next, open and edit `src/app/app.module.ts` then add this import.
import { Media } from '@ionic-native/media'; import { File } from '@ionic-native/file';
Then declare `Media` to `@NgModule` providers.
providers: [ StatusBar, SplashScreen, {provide: ErrorHandler, useClass: IonicErrorHandler}, Media, File ]
3. Implementing Media Plugin
As you see in the first paragraph of this tutorial, you find a single page with record button and playlist of recorded audio/sound file. Next, modify `src/pages/home/home.ts` then add these imports.
import { NavController, Platform } from 'ionic-angular'; import { Media, MediaObject } from '@ionic-native/media'; import { File } from '@ionic-native/file';
Inject to the constructor.
constructor(public navCtrl: NavController, private media: Media, private file: File, public platform: Platform) {}
Declares the required variables before the constructor.
recording: boolean = false; filePath: string; fileName: string; audio: MediaObject; audioList: any[] = [];
Add function for getting the list of audio files.
getAudioList() { if(localStorage.getItem("audiolist")) { this.audioList = JSON.parse(localStorage.getItem("audiolist")); console.log(this.audioList); } }
Call it from `ionViewWillEnter`.
ionViewWillEnter() { this.getAudioList(); }
Add function for start recording.
startRecord() { if (this.platform.is('ios')) { this.fileName = 'record'+new Date().getDate()+new Date().getMonth()+new Date().getFullYear()+new Date().getHours()+new Date().getMinutes()+new Date().getSeconds()+'.3gp'; this.filePath = this.file.documentsDirectory.replace(/file:\/\//g, '') + this.fileName; this.audio = this.media.create(this.filePath); } else if (this.platform.is('android')) { this.fileName = 'record'+new Date().getDate()+new Date().getMonth()+new Date().getFullYear()+new Date().getHours()+new Date().getMinutes()+new Date().getSeconds()+'.3gp'; this.filePath = this.file.externalDataDirectory.replace(/file:\/\//g, '') + this.fileName; this.audio = this.media.create(this.filePath); } this.audio.startRecord(); this.recording = true; }
Add function for stop recording.
stopRecord() { this.audio.stopRecord(); let data = { filename: this.fileName }; this.audioList.push(data); localStorage.setItem("audiolist", JSON.stringify(this.audioList)); this.recording = false; this.getAudioList(); }
Add function for play audio/sound file.
playAudio(file,idx) { if (this.platform.is('ios')) { this.filePath = this.file.documentsDirectory.replace(/file:\/\//g, '') + file; this.audio = this.media.create(this.filePath); } else if (this.platform.is('android')) { this.filePath = this.file.externalDataDirectory.replace(/file:\/\//g, '') + file; this.audio = this.media.create(this.filePath); } this.audio.play(); this.audio.setVolume(0.8); }
Next, for the view just open and edit `src/pages/home/home.html` then replace all tags with this.
<ion-header> <ion-navbar> <ion-title> Sound Recorder & Player </ion-title> </ion-navbar> </ion-header> <ion-content padding> <ion-card> <ion-card-content> <ion-card-title> <button ion-button primary (click)="stopRecord()" *ngIf="recording"><ion-icon name="mic-off"></ion-icon> Stop Record</button> <button ion-button primary (click)="startRecord()" *ngIf="!recording"><ion-icon name="mic"></ion-icon> Start Record</button> </ion-card-title> </ion-card-content> </ion-card> <ion-list> <ion-item *ngFor="let audio of audioList; index as i;"> <p>{{audio.filename}}</p> <button ion-button clear item-end large (click)="playAudio(audio.filename, i)"><ion-icon name="play"></ion-icon></button> </ion-item> </ion-list> </ion-content>
4. Run and Test on The Device
Because we are using Ionic 3 Cordova Native Media plugin, we must run the app on the Android or iOS device. Before running the app, we have to re-install the platform by typing this command.
ionic cordova platform rm android ionic cordova platform add android ionic cordova platform rm ios ionic cordova platform add ios
Now, run the Ionic 3 Angular 5 Cordova Audio Recorder & Player app on the Android or iOS device. Make sure, you have connected your device to your Computer.
ionic cordova run android
or
ionic cordova run ios
You can try record and play recorded audio file on your device. You can find the working source code on our GitHub.
That just the basic. If you need more deep learning about Ionic, Angular, and Typescript, you can find the following books:
Or take the following course:
Thanks!
Meli, preferring to use her first name, is a junior who transferred from John Jay College. She was born in the Bronx and finds not only Queens College, but also Queens, as a comfortable area.
“Queens is just dope for me,” she said.
But, Meli does two things on the side—activism and stripping.
She started as a go-go dancer, an entertainer usually performing on a stage, because she needed money. Eventually, she became a stripper.
She said it was not an ideal job since abuses do happen, but feels people dramatize the industry.
“Not like every night is a terrible night. Certain places will be better than other places. I don't have terrible feelings about it,” she said.
Sex work consists of jobs like stripping, phone sex or prostitution. In her book “Playing the Whore,” journalist Melissa Gira Grant explained the combination of secrecy and stigma causes problems for sex workers.
“For sex workers, sharing honest information even anonymously means taking social, political and emotional risks. Even in more uniformly legal forms of sex work—which in the United States could include pornography and stripping—secrecy reinforces stigma and shame and can compromise sex workers' ability to take control of their own labor,” Grant wrote.
As an activist, Meli is critical of capitalism, and sees its problems in the industry.
“Patriarchy and capitalism, that's where they meet [in stripping],” she said. “They're best friends in the sex industry.”
Even on campus, she finds a double standard for sex workers. While she said guys on campus see it as okay go to strip clubs, have fraternity parties with girls or take drugs, the same reaction was not for sex workers.
“If you do it for money, you're the ultimate whore. That patriarchy sh-t, I'm so over it,” she said.
But she finds comfort in learning her rights, even with classes at Queens College.
“School is useful for sex workers,” Meli said.
As an activist, she helped create the Revolutionary Student Coordinating Committee, a student-led organization with chapters at some CUNY colleges. She is the President of Students Without Borders at QC.
Her work with SWB focuses on issues like CUNY's investments in private prisons, and said it is shameful because CUNY should teach incarcerated youths.
“It's not about CUNY prison divestment. It's [also] about a lot of other issues, like access,” she said. “Looking at CUNY, the issue of underfunding for certain programs [like] the Africana Studies department.”
Movements outside of CUNY, like Black Lives Matter, inspired hope in Meli. But she noted reforms are not enough, and collective movements can only drive radical change.
“It's about building power. Not just for students, but for people in the community too,” Meli said.
Meli is unsure about her future. She is not confident a degree will offer enough and prefers working as a community organizer. But she does not want to lose her revolutionary spirit.
“I'm a revolutionary forever, and I don't ever want to lose that,” she said.
Host Of ‘The View' Sinks Lower Than Expected, INSULTS Melania And “that child” Living In Trump Tower
I think it's time for the “ladies” of The View to take an extended vacation to some anger management classes. They appear to be obsessed with First Lady Melania Trump and her son, Barron.
Wasn't it the left who was constantly harping on conservatives for insulting Michele Obama and Malia? I guess the FLOTUS and children are only off limits when you like them, huh?
Liberal “comedienne” and View co-host Joy Behar is not a fan of Donald Trump, but this is too far even for her.
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet
From BizPac Review:
Joy Behar's contempt for the family of President Donald Trump was on full display Friday. And the liberal comedian and host of ABC's “The View” was unable to mask the fact that her vitriol extends all the way to the president's 10-year-old son Barron. During a segment in which her co host Whoopi Goldberg erroneously stated that the National Endowment for the Arts was defunded. “That funding, all that wonderful government funding we used to get for these kinds of programs have all been cut,” Goldberg said. “Thanks Mr. T.” The funding has not been cut but it is being considered, as an article in the Los Angeles Times pointed out. The latest attack comes from two groups, the Heritage Foundation and the Republican Study Committee in the House of Representatives. They jointly recommend that President Trump eliminate the NEA and its companion agency, the National Endowment for the Humanities, in the new White House budget. The Trump administration has not yet made a decision, and the president has made no public statement on the issue. Despite the fake news, Joy Behar jumped on the bandwagon. But who needs facts when you have an agenda to push? For the smug Behar, that agenda included blaming a 10 year-old child for the fictitious defunding. “Somebody wrote, I have to clear this up, … They said that the entire NEA budget is like one day of Melania (Trump) in Trump Tower,” she said. “Somebody finds this out for me, the price that we're paying for losing the NEA, the National Endowment for the Arts, because we are paying for this woman to live in New York with that child,” she said with sounded like utter contempt in her voice.
Watch the video here.
I will be awaiting a sincere apology, but something tells me I'll be waiting for quite a long time.
You Might Like
Intact 12th Dynasty tomb uncovered in Aswan
Part of the sarcophagus [Credit: Ministry of Antiquities, Egypt]
Spanish archaeologists working at the newly discovered tomb
[Credit: Ministry of Antiquities, Egypt]
The entrance of the tomb [Credit: Ministry of Antiquities, Egypt]
TANN
you might also like
The Spanish Archaeological Mission in Qubbet El-Hawa, west Aswan, has discovered an intact structure where the brother of one of the most important governors of the 12th Dynasty, Sarenput II, was buried.Mahmoud Afifi, head of Ancient Egyptian Antiquities Department, described the discovery as “important” not only for the richness of the burial chamber, but also in shedding light on individuals close to those in power.Nasr Salama, director general of Aswan Antiquities, said that the find is unique with funerary goods that consist of pottery, two cedar coffins (outer and inner) and a set of wooden models, which represent funerary boats and scenes of daily life.Alejandro Jiménez-Serrano, head of the Spanish mission from the University of Jaen, said that a mummy was also discovered but is still under study. It is covered with a polychrome cartonnage with a beautiful mask and collars.Inscriptions on the coffins bear the name of the deceased, Shemai. followed respectively by his mother and father, Satethotep and Khema. The latter was governor of Elephantine under the reign of Amenemhat II.He explained that Sarenput II, the eldest brother of Shemai, was one of the most powerful governors of Egypt under the reigns of Senwosret II and Senwosret III. Apart from his duties as governor of Elephantine, he was general of the Egyptian troops and was responsible for the cult of different gods.With this discovery, Serrano asserted, the University of Jaen mission in Qubbet El-Hawa adds more data to previous discoveries of 14 members of the ruling family of Elephantine during the 12th Dynasty. Such high numbers of individuals provide a unique opportunity to study the living conditions of the upper class in Egypt more than 3,800 years ago.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Adam Lallana believes Liverpool's £32.5million move for Christian Benteke is a huge statement of intent from the club for the season ahead.
The Aston Villa striker is expected to complete his transfer to Anfield next week after the Reds triggered his release clause.
Benteke arrived back to the UK on Saturday following Villa's training camp in Portugal.
Lallana is an admirer of the big Belgium international, who has netted 49 goals in 101 appearances for the Midlands outfit.
“Signing Benteke would be a big statement,” Lallana said.
“He is a big presence. He has always scored goals.
“I've read what's been in the press and I think that would be a very strong component for us if he is to arrive.”
Benteke will become Brendan Rodgers' seventh summer signing following deals for James Milner, Danny Ings, Joe Gomez, Adam Bogdan, Roberto Firmino and Nathaniel Clyne.
Lallana says the new boys have helped to lift the mood following the bleak end to last season.
“There's a good buzz around the place and the new signings have been brilliant so far,” Lallana said.
“There's a good balance. Nathaniel I know well, he is a solid signing for us and he is just going to get better under Brendan's guidance.
“James Milner is a great professional and a great player as well. He has won the league and he will bring something diferent for the players.
“Divock (Origi) brings something different as well to the team. Danny Ings as well from what I've seen so far I've been really impressed, even at Burnley last year.
“Liverpool have done some shrewd business so far and we've got Coutinho and Firmino to link up yet as well.”
Remembering '65: Memorial Day time capsule
Jon Weisman Blocked Unblock Follow May 25, 2015
By Jon Weisman
The 1965 Dodgers spent the last 28 days of May in first place — including Memorial Day, May 31, when 50,997 at Dodger Stadium saw the Dodgers and Reds split a doubleheader — but it was hardly an uneventful month. Here's a word album of what was happening 50 years ago …
Remember Jimmy “The Greek” Snyder? Back in 1965, before he became a national TV mainstay on CBS' “NFL Today,” the Greek had already become well-known in Las Vegas circles. In early May, sports editor Paul Zimmerman of the Times wrote that Snyder predicted the Dodgers and White Sox would meet in an October rematch of the 1959 World Series.
After a May 13 beaning, “Sweet” Lou Johnson spent the night at Daniel Freeman Hospital — the same hospital that was treating the man Johnson replaced in the Dodger lineup, injured outfielder Tommy Davis.
On my dad's 30th birthday — May 14, 1965 — Bob Buhl recorded his 30th and ultimately final career victory over the Dodgers. (In 1956 alone, Buhl went 8–1 in nine starts against Brooklyn.) Grover Cleveland Alexander holds the record for most victories against the Dodger franchise with 45, followed by Juan Marichal with 37.
While Don Drysdale avoided a beanball war with the Giants, he had to be held back from a bench-clearing mess between the Dodgers and Brewers in the first game of a May 16 doubleheader, after Dodger reliever Bob Miller hit Cubs shortstop Roberto Pena with a pitch. Ron Santo and coach Alvin Dark “had to restrain Miller's bosom buddy, Drysdale, from getting at Pena during the excitement,” wrote Frank Finch of the Times.
In the nightcap, Drysdale hit a two-out double in the bottom of the ninth and scored on Wes Parker's walkoff single for a complete-game, 3–2 victory.
The Dodgers played their first ever game at Houston's Astrodome on May 17, with Sandy Koufax striking out 13 in 10 1/3 innings of a 5–3 victory. Soon after Koufax batted for himself and hitting a one-out single in the top of the 11th, Houston infielder Joe Morgan committed his second and third errors of the game to fuel a four-run inning.
Earlier, Koufax told Finch he was looking forward to the experience of the dome. “I'm anxious to see the stadium,” Koufax said. “I've never heard ball players talk about a park as much as they have about this one. I'm surprised they didn't build a motel for the visiting teams right inside the park.”
Finch added that “2,000 gallons of synthetic green coating were sprayed on the shaggy, dying grass last wek, but it still looks moth-eaten.” Said infielder John Kennedy about the Astros' exploding scoreboard: “It's ruining baseball.”
The inaugural victory at the Astrodome was also Walter Alston's 1,000th as Dodger manager.
Finch reported that pitcher Claude Osteen and broadcaster Jerry Doggett went from Disneyland to the airport by helicopter to make the team flight to Houston.
Rookie pitcher Mike Kekich was ejected in the second inning from the Dodgers' May 18 loss to the Astros for bench-jockeying — three weeks before Kekich would actually make his Major League debut in a game. “I was still hollering when the other guys quit,” Kekich explained to Finch. Commented outfielder Wally Moon: “Mike's got to get his timing down.”
Dodger great Pete Reiser's attempt to come back as manager of Triple-A Spokane after suffering from heart trouble at the end of Spring Training was abandoned, and Duke Snider remained on the job. “It is extremely difficult and nerve-wracking to try to manage a team under a doctor's order not to get excited,” Reiser told The Associated Press. “Not being able to coach at third, to yell, or to argue with the umpire is not my cup of tea.”
Times TV-radio columnist Don Page said that Vin Scully saved the Dodgers' broadcast of the May 19 series finale in Houston.
Channel 11's adventure in the Astrodome was an entertaining experience Wednesday evening. The ball game betweeen the Dodgers and the Astros would have been tedious without the between-innings tour of the plant and Vin Scully's bright commentary. Even nonbaseball fans were lyrical over Scully's reportorial elegance during his radio report the previous night. These sophisticated nonfans, who apparently reside in the hushlands of our sports-loving megalopolis, tuned in solely to hear Scully's verbal guide of Texas' contribution to athletic culture.
It destroyed the myth that one has to be here to appreciate it. Forgetting baseball, Vin Scully is one of the great reporters of all-time.
Dodger vice president and general manager Buzzie Bavasi spoke out against the upcoming June debut of the amateur draft. “Baseball people are their own worst enemies,” Bavasi told Al Wolf of the Times. “They keep passing rules to keep themselves from spending their own money.”
Bavasi noted that the expected №1 draft choice would be Arizona State outfielder Rick Monday, but he questioned whether Monday would find the Kansas City Athletics' offer sufficient.
The Dodgers lost their longest game of the year on a bases-loaded walk in the bottom of the 16th May 23 by Howie Reed at Chicago. Los Angeles, which scored two runs in the top of the first and then was shut out for the next 15 innings, played the entire game using five pitchers, and it took only 4:09.
NL president Warren Giles announced that team managers who permit their players to smoke on the bench would be subject to a $200 fine, reported Finch.
Curt Flood hit a hard comebacker to start a May 25 Cardinals-Dodgers game off Don Drysdale that the big righty tried to field with his bare hand but failed, for an infield single. Drysdale retired every other batter he faced (save for a Dick Tracewski error) in his only career one-hitter. The game was scoreless until the bottom of the eighth, when Drysdale led off the inning with a single and later scored on Wes Parker's two-run double off Bob Gibson. Time of game was 1:41.
Finch after “Sweet Lou” homered twice in a 5–3 victory over Milwaukee on May 29: “LBJ — Louis Brown Johnson — would be nominated for President today if Dodger rooters had their say.” Said Johnson, who clapped his hands while circling the bases after his three-run shot in the bottom of the eighth rallied the Dodgers from a 2–1 deficit: “Why not? I'm my greatest fan.”
Dodger scout Tommy Lasorda bet Braves manager Bobby Bragan a steak dinner that Milwaukee wouldn't score 10 runs in the three-game series at Dodger Stadium. The Braves scored exactly 10 — winning the bet for Bragan with a ninth-inning run in the May 29 contest — but lost two of the three games.
When May ended, Koufax had a 2.09 ERA, but it was Johnny Podres who led the team with a 1.55 ERA. But while Podres had 25 strikeouts, Koufax had 105.
After splitting that Memorial Day doubleheader, the Dodgers entered June with a 29–17 record and a three-game lead in the NL.
All my best to everyone on this Memorial Day 2015.
Updated: Sep 20, 2016, 13:11 IST
Parle-G biscuits have been one of the most popular tea-time snacks of India for decades now. Chai has been incomplete without them. Simple, wholesome and delicious, they have been the staple evening snack of a whole generation. If there are two things that middle-class India has grown up with, it's Parle-G and Maggi. Maggi, maybe not for everybody, but Parle-G most definitely.
© Youtube
Turns out, the 87-year-old legacy is ending. Parle's iconic factory in Mumbai has shut down after a 87-year run. The smell of freshly made biscuits would no longer linger in the area, much to the dismay of the residents.
Parle Products was set up in Mumbai's Ville Parle in 1929, and the unit started manufacturing the famous Parle-G biscuits in 1939. Yes, the glucose biscuits have been around for 77 years now. Not many would know, mainly because we weren't born yet, that Parle-G biscuits were known as Parle-Gluco initially, before the ‘Gluco' gradually became what it is now.
© Flickr/thehathicooks
The production had been low and the owners saw it best to shut down the unit. Of course, the biscuits would continue to be produced from other units. "Production at the time of closure was negligible. It didn't make commercial sense to keep it running," said Arup Chauhan, Parle Products executive director. The factory was a landmark and it is likely that Parle will not give up the land, the ET reported.
As opposed to popular conception, Ville Parle was not named after the brand Parle, rather the brand was named after the area. Like those local confectionaries that take the name of the area; Delhi's Defence Bakery is a classic example. So iconic was the Parle brand that we always assumed otherwise!
© Wikimedia Commons
The Parle brand has under it many other biscuit brands like Hide & Seek, Monaco, KrackJack, and the very popular candies Melody and Mango Bite too. Safe to say, it's the grand daddy of the locality who the children run to for goodies.
Twitter saw some nostalgia in the air:
Vile Parle now will be without Parle...its shutting down. No Parle G smell while the train halts near factory after Andheri. CC @khanmvar — Frank A. (@LegallyIdiot) July 28, 2016
Now that Parle G factory in Vile Parle has shutdown, will it now be called Vile? — Ray Stings (@Purba_Ray) July 30, 2016
What's your sweetest memory of Parle-G? Weren't they our SOS food in hostels, while travelling, and when we were broke?
H/t - ET
For more of this author's work, click here; to follow them on Twitter, click here.
Don't Miss
Photo © Wikimedia Commons (Main Image)
MEXICO CITY
In the end it wasn't the middling on-field performance by Mexico's national soccer team that cost Miguel Herrera his job as head coach of "El Tri."
It was the feisty nature, admired by some and criticized by others, that led to the ouster of "El Piojo," an affectionate Spanish nickname that means "The Louse."
Article continues below ...
The Mexican Soccer Federation fired Herrera on Tuesday, just two days after he led the team to a CONCACAF Gold Cup title. The ouster came after a television reporter said the coach punched him at the Philadelphia airport.
"Nobody can be above a situation like the one that happened Monday in Philadelphia," said Decio de Maria, who on Saturday becomes president of the federation.
"Our values, our principles, are above any result," he added. "In our profession, our industry, the matches are never over, and as public figures who represent an institution we must be absolutely clear on that."
In a statement, Herrera apologized to his players, staff, fans, the federation and the media for his conduct in "the painful incident I had with a commentator."
"It is clear to me that this is not the attitude that a coach for the Mexican national team should take, despite having received all manner of criticisms, offenses and mockery of my family and my person," it read.
Herrera said he planned to spend time with family and rest.
"El Piojo" is the latest to depart from what has become a revolving-door job since Ricardo La Volpe of Argentina was the last to complete a four-year World Cup cycle as Mexico's head coach. The team has burned through 10 head coaches in the nine years since La Volpe departed after the 2006 World Cup in Germany.
De Maria did not announce a replacement for Herrera, who led Mexico to the round of 16 at last year's World Cup.
The incident involving the coach and Television Azteca's Christian Martinoli took place as the team was set to fly home following its 3-1 victory over Jamaica in the championship match.
Martinoli accused Herrera of hitting him in the neck and then threatening him.
The journalist has been a tough critic of Herrera as have many Mexican fans and pundits disappointed with the team's recent results.
"El Tri" failed to advance from group play at the Copa America last month in Chile. Critics also faulted Mexico's performance at the Gold Cup, where it finished second in group play and advanced to the final only after winning two knockout-round matches with the help of late penalty kicks awarded in controversial calls.
"We all saw what happened on the pitch. … We won at the Gold Cup, but none of us liked how it happened," de Maria said.
Herrera defended his record.
"It saddens me greatly to leave the position of team coach due to this regrettable reason, since the sporting results were, for the most part, positive within the stated objectives," he said in his statement.
Famous for his exuberant sideline displays, Herrera became interim head coach in November 2013 and was given the job full-time a month later. During his tenure Mexico won 18 matches, tied 11 and lost 7.
Earlier this year he and two players came under investigation by the soccer federation for tweets supporting Mexico's Green Party just before midterm elections, an apparent violation of the federation's code of ethics.
Mexico's next match is a friendly vs. Trinidad and Tobago on Sept. 4. In October, it faces regional rival the United States in a qualifying playoff for the 2017 Confederations Cup.
Last Updated 4:35 p.m. ET
A 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck southwestern Colombia Sunday morning, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
The quake struck at 11:31 a.m. local time 30 miles from the regional capital of Popayan, and was felt in Bogota as well as 10 of Colombia's 32 states. The U.S. Geological Survey said its epicenter was 94 miles beneath the earth's surface.
The USGS originally measured the quake as 7.4 magnitude.
The quake was the most powerful to hit Colombia since a 7.2-magnitude temblor shook the same region in 2004, said Patricia Pedraza of Colombia's geological service.
Security chief Edith Cabeza of Cauca state, of which Popayan is the capital, said the "white city" of 270,000 inhabitants suffered no damage.
Popayan's historical center was largely reconstructed after a March 1983 quake that killed at least 250 people.
There have no reports yet of damage or of casualties.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there is no danger of a tsunami because the epicenter was too far inland.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 3 April 2017
After last week's parliamentary fiasco which ended in the summoning of the chief national electoral commissioner today to justify his decision to go ahead with the controversial voter registration process and boundary delimitation, there are fears president Koroma may now feel emboldened to push back next year's elections date.
And should the president succeed in pushing the elections date beyond 7th of March 2017, his constitutional two terms in office will be exceeded against the wishes of the people.
Hence today's shocking adjournment of the continuing parliamentary impasse, caused by the alleged failure of the chief national electoral commissioner to table the NEC's electoral boundary changes and the voter registration proposals for debate, is now raising serious doubts about the ruling party's democratic commitment.
But there are also questions being asked about the role and sincerity of many of the opposition SLPP parliamentarians, whose marginal seats are under threat and are likely to lose next year's elections or face de-selection by their local constituency SLPP branch. Are they more concerned about losing their salaries?
Are some of the opposition SLPP parliamentarians now conniving with their ruling APC counterparts to disenfranchise the people of Sierra Leone, by prolonging the fiasco over boundary changes and voter registration, which may result in the extension of the life of this parliament?
Mohamed Orman Bangura – one of the leading contestants for the SLPP young generation leadership, strongly criticised the political shenanigans now taking place in parliament. He said:
“It has come to the notice of the public that the APC government seeks to extend the mandate of President Ernest Bai Koroma beyond the constitutionally required time. This more time issue we have all kicked against, because it's unconstitutional and very undemocratic.
“We are calling on members of parliament not to extend the date that has been slated by the National Electoral Commission – the body responsible for the conduct of elections.
“As the lead aspirant of the SLPP young generation leadership, I implore all SLPP members of parliament not to condone the passing of this bill in parliament. This is just one way of entrenching the stay of a system that we have all criticized as corrupt, inept, not responsive to the needs of the masses.
“The days of having one man deciding for the entirety of the nation are long gone. The days of having members of parliament who think not of the consolidation of democracy, but dismantling the strong pillars of democracy are no more.”
According to report by Umaru Fofana, there was confusion in parliament today “after a sometimes feisty” discussion of what parliamentarians are describing as the ‘illegal' action of the chief electoral commissioner.
But in response to this very serious charge, the chief electoral commissioner told parliament that he had submitted his proposals for boundary delimitation and voter registration to the Attorney General and Minister of Justice – Joseph Kamara (Photo), whose responsibility it was to table the document in parliament for debate and approval.
However, parliamentarians did not accept the explanation offered by the chief electoral commissioner, and today decided to adjourn the cross-examination till tomorrow Tuesday, 4th of April, prompting further accusations of parliamentarians trying to use delaying tactics to prolong the life of this parliament, thereby extending next year's elections date.
In a press statement published last week by the Public Relations office of Parliament in a bid to regain public trust and confidence, there was plenty of confusion and miscommunication than enlightenment.
But what is clear is that the NEC proposals were tabled in parliament for debate and resolution on the 16th of March 2017, contrary to statements now coming out of parliament in justification of their two successive adjournments, which many in Sierra Leone now regard as delaying tactics to postpone next year's elections. This is what the incoherent and tongue-twisting statement said:
“After an extensive debate on Thursday 30th March, 2017 relating to the Private Member's Motion moved and seconded by Hon. Sualiho M. Koroma and Hon. Dickson Rogers respectively on the four constitutional and statutory instruments tabled in Parliament on Thursday 16th March 2017 by the Deputy Minister of Justice, John Arrow Bockarie, the Rt. Hon. Speaker of the House, SBB Dumbuya has ruled, cognizant of the proposition made by the Minority Leader, Hon. Dr. Bernadette Lahai and supported by the Majority Leader of the House, Hon. Leonard Fofanah, that the motion remains inconclusive, pending the summoning of the officials of NEC on Monday 03rd April 2017 to explain to MPs on the electoral preparedness within the confines of the constitutive laws of Sierra Leone.
“Hon. Koroma moved that “be it resolved that the statutory instruments laid by the Deputy Minister of Justice be annulled or reviewed in line with Section 38(5) of the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone” relating to the review of wards and constituencies for the next elections, in his view the action of NEC is in serious “breach of procedures outlined in the supreme laws of the land”.
“Section 38(5) of the 1991 Constitution states that “where the boundaries of any constituency are altered in accordance with provisions of this section, that alteration shall come into effect upon the next dissolution of Parliament after the alteration has been approved by Parliament”.
“In seconding the motion, Hon. Dickson Rogers said that some villages in his constituency were not mapped or captured in the data of NEC, which he said is also affecting the current voter registration process in Pujehun.
“Hon. Ansumana Kaikai said that the Constitution of Sierra Leone transcends all other laws, including statutory instruments, having regard that they could be annulled by two-thirds of votes cast by MPs. He called on NEC to do the right thing as contained in the Constitution, whilst saying that the current voter registration process is characterized with a lot of flaws.
“Hon. Claude Kamanda, Chief Whip of Parliament referred MPs to Section 170(7) that the statutory instrument relating to the creation of two new districts has become law, having certified the due process of law. He also noted that the two new districts are not being provided for by NEC in the forthcoming elections.
“Hon. Paran Tarawally said that NEC should revert to the use of the existing data for the 112-Constituencies, instead of the proposed 132-Constituencies that is posing problems, with the view of not “tampering with the proclaimed elections dates on the 07th March, 2018”.
“Hon. Chernor Bah said that the Constitution is supreme and that it must be respected, citing Section 38(4) that the review of the constituencies must be done before elections are held.
“He also said that these instruments were published on the 15th and tabled in Parliament on the 16th March 2017. He furthered that to revert to the old order is “not practicable because of increase in population” saying that “Parliament will not allow the executive to muzzle or force the House to do what is wrong, in spite of the announcement of proclaimed elections dates”.
“Hon. Solomon Sengepoh blamed NEC for commiting “deliberate errors” and called on them to do the right thing. He also warned that “Parliament cannot afford an extension of the slated elections dates”.
“Hon. Paramount Chief, Bai Kurr Kanagbaro recalled when makeshift electoral arrangements were used in consultations and agreement with political parties and the international community during the days of instability in the country, citing the PR and the District Block systems that were used in 1996 and 2002 elections.
“Hon. Dr. Lahai recalled that the 2004 census was used for the conduct of the 2007 and 2008 general elections, and its projections for the 2012 general elections. She decried NEC for poor financial inducements to voter registration officials that are highly constrained in the fields.
“She also proposed that NEC be summoned to explain their preparedness to MPs in line with established laws and to address the concerns raised by MPs.
“Hon. Leonard Fofanah shared similar sentiments expressed and informed the House that Mannoh village in his constituency has been lifted to another, whilst saying that principles should be kept and laws implemented to the letter. He agreed that NEC be summoned to Parliament to explain its activities within the remit of established laws embedded in the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone.”
Confused by that incoherent statement from the public relations office of parliament? Don't be. This is Sierra Leone where politicians have mastered the art of muddying the waters to engineer chaos and confusion so as to further their cause and manipulate the country's constitution.
Will parliament conveniently adjourn the discussions and cross-examination of the chief electoral commissioner again tomorrow – for the third time, to promote its more time agenda?
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Election 2013: Kevin Rudd warns of recession due to Coalition budget cuts
Updated
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has stepped up his warnings about budget cuts under a Coalition government, saying they will "tear Australia down" and risk throwing the nation into recession.
The Opposition has repeatedly denied Labor claims that it will have to cut $70 billion from the budget to fund its policies.
Both major parties targeted the family vote in their policy announcements on Sunday, with Mr Rudd continuing to say the Opposition will "cut, cut and cut" to health, education and jobs.
"If you were to rip out that or a large part of it, by cuts to jobs, health and education, you don't have to be a mathematical whiz to work out that that would throw the economy into recession. There is a real risk of that," the Prime Minister said.
Rudd delivers fiery speech: 'I am determined to prevail'
Mr Rudd, who earlier announced a $357 million pledge for health services funding, including a redevelopment of Sydney's Westmead Hospital, delivered an impassioned speech to Labor supporters in western Sydney.
The Prime Minister declared he was determined to prove his critics wrong, and that despite the Government's poor polling, the battle for the election is far from over.
"We're not even in the middle of the second quarter [of the election campaign] yet if you play AFL, and we're certainly not up to half-time yet if you're in the NRL. There's a long way to go," he said.
This Government is determined to prevail, I am determined to prevail, and we're determined to prove each and every one of those critics fundamentally wrong. Prime Minister Kevin Rudd
"When Tony Abbott goes out there and says he's got this in the bag and he's already the prime minister of Australia, I think the Australian people may scratch their heads and think about that and say 'Mr Abbott, that's just a little too arrogant'.
"September 7 is three weeks away. We have campaigning to do each and every day - campaigning around one core proposition for the Australian people: we build a nation's future - he cuts, cuts and cuts the nation's future.
"This Government is determined to prevail, I am determined to prevail, and we're determined to prove each and every one of those critics fundamentally wrong."
PM rubbishes Abbott's paid parental leave scheme
Mr Rudd also slammed the Opposition Leader's "fair dinkum" paid parental leave scheme, which Tony Abbott re-launched on Sunday morning.
The 26-week replacement wage scheme will begin on July 1, 2015, paying the primary carer the mother's full wage - up to an annual salary of $150,000 plus superannuation - for six months.
Using $5 and $50 notes as props, the Prime Minister made the point that the Opposition's cuts will take more from taxpayers than the parental leave scheme would give.
"What Mr Abbott is saying is that he is prepared to put $5 in the pockets of some Australians and at the same time take $50 out of the pockets of all Australians," he said.
Abbott says scheme is fully costed and funded
But Mr Abbott says the measure has been "fully costed and fully funded" at around $5.5 billion a year.
It will be partly funded by a 1.5 per cent levy on the 3,000 largest businesses in Australia - which is offset by a 1.5 per cent company tax cut.
The Opposition has not released its full costings advice from the PBO but says the net additional cost to the budget is $6.1 billion over the two forward estimates years to 2016-17.
The rest of the cost will be "fully met" by budget savings, including $2 billion from abolishing the Government's existing leave provisions, reductions in family payments and an increase in income tax.
The cost of the Opposition's scheme will also be covered by bringing in public servants at all levels of government - an issue of workplace "justice" according to Mr Abbott, who launched the policy at a coffee shop in the Melbourne electorate of Higgins.
"Why should my staff or why should Kevin Rudd's staff get paid parental leave at their real wage and not the girls working at a coffee shop like this?" he said.
"This is about justice for the whole of the workforce."
Coalition scheme 'built on shaky ground': ACTU
The Australian Council of Trade Unions (ACTU) says the Coalition's paid parental leave scheme would only minimally address major issues faced by women at work.
ACTU president Ged Kearney says the policy alone does not go far enough.
Coalition's parental leave scheme Mothers will be provided with 26 weeks of paid parental leave at their actual wage or the national minimum wage (whichever is greater), plus superannuation
Fathers will be eligible for two weeks for paternity leave at their actual wage or the national minimum wage (whichever is greater), plus superannuation
If the father is nominated as the primary carer rather than the mother, he will be able to access paid leave to reflect either his or the mother's wage (whichever is lower) or the minimum wage (if it is higher than that wage)
To be eligible, a person must have worked for at least 10 of the 13 months prior to the birth or adoption of their child and have worked at least 330 hours in that 10-month period, with no more than an eight-week gap between two working days
For a woman earning $150,000 per annum or more, paid leave is capped at $75,000
"The issues that women face at work are enormous," she said.
"The barriers to women participating fully in the workplace are complex, and they're complex solutions and we don't hear anything of that from Tony Abbott - we've heard about one paid parental leave scheme."
Ms Kearney says the Coalition's paid parental scheme is "built on shaky ground".
She says she is suspicious that the scheme would not come into effect until July 2015.
"He's delayed it for two years, which gives plenty of time for big business to put pressure on Tony Abbott to abandon it," she said.
"They can claim financial hardship, they can claim all sorts of reasons why they shouldn't have to pay the levy and we know that the Coalition is committed to listening to big business and that's what makes me very suspicious about why he's pushed it out two years."
Macklin says wealthy will benefit more
Families Minister Jenny Macklin says the levy on big businesses will be passed on to householders.
"Australian families will be paying increased prices at the checkout so that very wealthy people get $75,000 to have a baby," she said.
However, Mr Abbott has told Channel 10 he doubts large companies including Coles and Woolworths will need to pass any costs on to consumers.
"Sure there'll be the levy but their overall tax burden won't increase," Mr Abbott said.
"And in the case of Coles and Woolies, they'll no longer need to pay their own in-house [paid parental leave] schemes because it'll be administered by the government."
"So they'll be better off under this scheme."
Topics: economic-trends, business-economics-and-finance, federal-government, government-and-politics, alp, parenting, political-parties, rudd-kevin, abbott-tony, person, liberals, family, family-and-children, babies---newborns, community-and-society, australia
First posted
In this series of videos, illusionist Derren Brown explains cold reading and the techniques behind it to Richard Dawkins. The videos provide a useful insight into cold reading techniques and how they can be employed in fake psychic and medium performances. The combination of Derren's inside knowledge of the techniques, and Richard's famous sceptisism of, well just about everything, leaves the viewer in little doubt that many mediums and psychics are indeed fake.
They discuss our willingness to believe (an essential requisite of cold reading), and how the odds are stacked in favour of the medium. Psychics and mediums are subject to less scrutiny than illusionists and mentalists because they never promise anything and the audience understands that the spirits don't always cooperate. Magicians however, have to produce something pretty stunning in order not to be discredited.
Video credits: Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason & Science
Part 1 – Introduction to cold reading
Derren defines what cold reading is, and explains about Barnum statements and the Forer experiment which demonstrated their effectiveness. He also introduces some of the linguistic tricks that can be used to minimise the effects of wrong guesses.
Part 2
Psychic performers can believe they are getting a genuine result, even when they aren't. The ethics of psychic performance. How to spot a fake medium. How audiences can be prepared in advance.
Part 3
How mediums use the sitter to provide the information. Why psychics can't fail.
https://youtu.be/t3QYNjCmQeI
The growth of gullibility and it's exploitation by performers and the media.
Part 4
Part 5
The banality of typical mediums' conversations with dead people. Lack of logic in Tarot readings. Can mediums and psychics do harm? How Doris Stokes used hot reading (known facts) and a prepared audience member to appear to do an amazing feat in front of an audience.
Part 6
On scepticism, hypnotism, religion, and magic.
NEW CASTLE, Pa. — A western Pennsylvania man had more than a twinkle in his eye when he proposed marriage.
Twenty-four-year-old Michael Busin's proposal itself was twinkling. That's because his proposal was written out in a string of Christmas lights that his girlfriend was invited to turn on Friday night, as part of a display Busin and his father erected at their home in Neshannock Township, about 45 miles northwest of Pittsburgh.
The lights said, “Lina Will You Marry Me?”
Twenty-one-year-old Lina Sansone said yes.
Busin and Sansone had talked of marriage, but she told the New Castle News she thought he would wait to pop the question on her 22nd birthday in January. Instead, she saw it when she was given the honor of flipping the switch on this year's holiday display at the Busin home.
Do you have interesting holiday photos? Enter our photo contest.
Oracle founder Larry Ellison takes his boat racing very seriously. His team's entry in last year's America's Cup, the USA-17, is actually capable of sailing faster than the prevailing wind. And not just by a little bit—2.5 times faster.
USA-17 is the specially-built sloop rigged racing sail trimaran (a catamaran with three hulls) launched by the BMW Oracle Racing team that won the 33rd America's Cup. It's 90 feet long square at the waterline—about the size of a baseball infield—and displaces 17 tons of water. The USA -17 was designed by VPLP Yacht Design and is constructed primarily out of carbon fiber composite. This makes her exceptionally light and fast for her size. When travelling downwind with a 5-10 knot winds in last year's America's Cup, the USA-17 was recorded rocketing along at an astonishing 19 knots.
Advertisement
The hulls are constructed from millimeter-thick carbon epoxy laminated around an ultra-light honeycomb core and then baked in a vacuum chamber within a massive oven for eight hours at 80 degrees Celsius. This results in a hull that is exceptionally strong, stiff, and most importantly, light. And it's got to be—tight turns can generate as much as 15 tons of torque on the hull.
It's also designed to cut through waves. The USA-17 has a very narrow bow that's much less buoyant than the rear of the ship. This forces the hull through, rather than over, the wave which results in a smoother ride and reduces the ship's resistance through the water.
The USA-17 is propelled by its massive 223-foot tall, 7,700 pound main wing that's attached a 3.5-ton carbon fiber and Kevlar mast. It's taller than the Statue of Liberty and larger than any plane wing in existence. This airfoil works just like a plane's wing, except that it produces horizontal thrust rather than vertical.
Advertisement
The amount of curve in the wing determines how much lift it produces. The mast rotates to control the angle of the wing while nine, two-story tall trailing wing flaps can be independently angled to adjust the wing's overall curve. These trailing wings form a slotted flap when deflected, much like the flaps on an airplane's wing which produces more thrust than earlier wingmast/sail combinations. In addition, these flaps can be adjusted to maximize the lift on the wing near the base of the mast and lessening higher up to produce lots of power without a lot of heeling force (which is what causes boats to flip).
In addition, her sails—the mainsail, headsail, and gennaker—have a massive combined surface area of nearly 22,000 square feet.
All of this design means there're lots of parts that can break. To monitor the stresses and loads placed upon the boat as the crew trains and races, 250 sensors located throughout the hull, mast and sails, beam real-time data to a PDA on the skipper's wrist.
Advertisement
[New York Times - America's Cup - Wikipedia - Tom Speer]
Monster Machines is all about the most exceptional machines in the world, from massive gadgets of destruction to tiny machines of precision, and everything in between.
You can keep up with Andrew Tarantola, the author of this post, on Twitter, Facebook, or Google+.
Willy Bear Beach is a visual novel/dating simulator set in an idyllic, east coast beach town. You take the role of Willy, a care-free, gay, man who runs a sundries shop. Your only goal in this game is to find a willing partner with which to have a casual encounter. Luckily, you live in a bucolic, little beach town where all your acquaintances are casual fuck buddies, saving you from posting a poorly-spelled Craigslist ad. Oh, and all the characters happen to be furry, anthropomorphic animals.
The game is the fursona (furry-persona) of the porn-artist ArtDecade (NSFW), a prominent member of the furry fandom. Willy has his own Tumblr (NSFW), on which he dresses in different outfits (SFW) and answers questions from fans. He's been referred to as a representation (SFW) of ArtDecade's id.
(The rest of the links are SFW)
As the product of a porn artist, featuring his pin-up fursona in a subculture that is routinely, irrationally, portrayed as sexually deviant by the mainstream media you might imagine that Willy Bear Beach would be a game where one couldn't take SFW screencaps. The game, as it turns out, is sweet, and simple. The characters feel real and dimensional. Willy ambles through a lazy day, encountering former friends, fuck buddies and new faces. The characters make small talk that hint at deeper lives and long histories. Muhamad, the local lifeguard, talks about his matchmaking parents. Walker, a racoon and bicycle mechanic, just wants to reconnect. People don't make a big deal out of being gay or having sex; in this game it's normal, natural and expected. The game could easily be renamed “Friends with Benefits”. It's engaging in the way that a good day at the beach is, lulling, quiet, and fleeting.
The brevity of this game (it is short, each storyline takes only about an hour or so to play) coupled with the diverse body types of the characters, the casual, easygoing atmosphere and real-feeling characters makes Willy Bear Beach stand out against its competitors. Coming Out on Top, features a cast of characters who appear to share the same, Grinder-ready torso and plays heavily on awkward, problematic, coming-out narrative tropes. Super Health Club (in beta) also plays heavily on idealized body notions but takes place in a gym and has an ostensible excuse. No, Thank You!!! follows the adventures of a gay man who “partakes of sexual harassment as a work pastime” against straight men. In this environment, it's nice to have a game that's simultaneously sex-positive, accessible and diverse.
It's not a perfect game, the dialog, while charming can grate with its small-talkishness and sharply limited story tree can feel a tad confining, like decisions you make don't have much consequence. However, if you want a drama-free, sex positive, choose-your-own adventure story where you go out and find some company for the night look no further than Willy Bear Beach. If you can suspend your disbelief at the omnipresent charm of this alternative universe Province Town and you're okay playing as a literal bear, wooing other woodland creatures you'll probably enjoy yourself.
About
So, we had a minor setback when our key investor pulled out very out-of-the-blue amid rising popularity and sales! We are on the verge of some really great strides in the plus market and we need your help to make the next phase of Cult happen! We have our samples, patterns and concept for Summer 2013 but we can't do the photoshoot, launch party or produce the goods with out funding! That's where you come in! Help us throw a kick ass one-year anniversary party at which we will debut and sell our new swimwear line! We can have one of the BEST plus events this town has seen and also keep your favorite brand out of the file of plus lines that were here and then disappeared!!
We currently have over 10,000 likes on facebook, 1,500 on instagram and 1,500 on Twitter, we have amazing things coming out as far as press goes this summer, with a shoot for Glamour UK and other high profile clientele and celebrities rocking our stuff! Any donation you can make will help us reach for the stars and continue our dream of making the MOST fashionable plus size clothing around!
WORSHIP AT THE ALTAR OF YOU!
Sincerely--Jen Wilder--Designer/Owner of Cult of California
Media distribution service Crunchyroll announced on Thursday that it will stream the "first four episodes" of the Digimon Adventure tri. anime on Friday at 10:00 a.m. EST for users in the United States, Canada, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, and Latin America.
Crunchyroll will stream the "next chapter" of the series in March 2016.
Crunchyroll describes the anime:
It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi “Tai” Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass. On one such day, a Kuwagamon suddenly appears in Odaiba. Its rampage leaves the town in ruins, and the people there in turmoil. Taichi happens to catch sight of the Kuwagamon, and he chases after it all by himself in an effort to halt its rampage. But there's nothing he can do against a Kuwagamon. "It's no use... I can't do anything about this alone..." Just as the Kuwagamon roars and attacks Taichi, his Digivice begins to emit a bright light… "Taichi, look how big you've grown!" With the sound of that nostalgic voice, the story once again begins to move in a big way. Once again, the adventure evolves.
The first film in the planned six-part anime film series, Digimon Adventure tri. Saikai , will start its limited three-week engagement in Japanese theaters on Saturday. The film's staff already hosted an advance screening of the film on October 23, followed by a Niconico Live special streaming on October 25. The Blu-ray Disc for the first part will initially go on sale at the theaters on Saturday, and iTunes will also sell the first part on the same day. The retail Blu-ray and DVD releases will follow on December 18.
The cast for the human characters in Digimon Adventure tri. is completely different from the original Digimon Adventure series, and includes:
Natsuki Hanae as Taichi Yagami Suzuko Mimori as Sora Takenouchi
Yoshimasa Hosoya as Yamato Ishida
Mutsumi Tamura as Kōshirō Izumi
Hitomi Yoshida as Mimi Tachikawa
Junya Ikeda as Jō Kido
Junya Enoki as Takeru Takaishi
MAO as Hikari Yagami
Daisuke Namikawa as Daigo Nishijima, a part-time teacher who serves as a substitute homeroom teacher
Yuko Kaida as Maki Himekawa, a mysterious woman who appears before the DigiDestined
Miho Morikawa as Meiko Mochizuki, a shy and quiet girl who transfers into the same class as Taichi
Additionally, Hiroaki Hirata will narrate the films, and Chiaki Matsuzawa will play a news announcer.
The original cast for the Digimon partners is returning for the new anime. Atsuya Uki (Cencoroll, Tsuritama) is providing the character designs, Yuuko Kakihara (Heaven's Lost Property) is acting as series script supervisor, and Keitaro Motonaga (Rayearth) is directing.
AiM (Ai Maeda) is returning for the first part's ending theme "I wish." Kouji Wada returns to perform the original opening theme song "Butter-Fly," while Ayumi Miyazaki also returns to perform the insert song "Brave Heart." All three songs are new recordings of songs from the original Digimon Adventure series, and the CDs for all three will go on sale on November 25.
Update: Crunchyroll edited its post to say that it will stream the "next chapter" in March 2016, not winter 2016 as the company previously stated.
Albuquerque police have located the suspect in a bizarre attack on Central New Mexico Community College's campus.College officials notified students of the Tuesday attack via email and a text that read, “Tonight a male physically harassed 4 CNM students. The subject was identified, but not apprehended.”The case was reported to Albuquerque police.Lt. Tanner Tixier said Wednesday the suspect hugged four unwilling victims and then bit two of them. At the time, Tixier said police had a possible suspect in the case, but were waiting for the victims to review a photo lineup.On Friday afternoon, Tixier said a suspect was transported for mental health services.The Friday tally was at least six CNM students and one University of New Mexico student targeted. Officials said most of the people the man attacked were women.Mobile users: Tap for videoNo arrests have been made and no charges have been filed.
Albuquerque police have located the suspect in a bizarre attack on Central New Mexico Community College's campus.
College officials notified students of the Tuesday attack via email and a text that read, “Tonight a male physically harassed 4 CNM students. The subject was identified, but not apprehended.”
Advertisement
The case was reported to Albuquerque police.
Lt. Tanner Tixier said Wednesday the suspect hugged four unwilling victims and then bit two of them. At the time, Tixier said police had a possible suspect in the case, but were waiting for the victims to review a photo lineup.
On Friday afternoon, Tixier said a suspect was transported for mental health services.
The Friday tally was at least six CNM students and one University of New Mexico student targeted. Officials said most of the people the man attacked were women.
Mobile users: Tap for video
No arrests have been made and no charges have been filed.
AlertMe
In Sublime Text 2, I want to be able to save all open/loaded files that have names.
I like how Sublime can have files with filenames, and have files that were never saved, and can be closed and it remembers about the untitled files and reloads them without me having to save them. But when a file has a filename and has some changes in the buffer not yet saved, sublime shows it as such, with the filename and circle, I close sublime, and reopen it, I sublime has remebered it as it was and so the changes are still not saved to the file. That's great.. But.. I'd like a command to save all, but not the untitled ones.
There is a save all option in the menu, but it pops up a dialog box asking regarding saving of untitled files.
What API functions would be involved to write a command that leaves the untitled ones as is, and saves the ones with filenames? (and is there any example code I can run that uses those API functions?)
THERE'S a new wine bar in town — and no children are allowed.
The Peacock Den in The Basin offers more than 150 wines, craft beer, cider, non-alcoholic drinks and shared plates of food while people sit on plush velour chairs and chesterfield couches.
Owner Kate Hall said the wine bar's philosophy of “sip, share, indulge” was designed so people felt like they were “sitting in their friend's lounge room”.
“We want people to come in and feel sexy and classy,” she said.
“The space is so small and intimate we looked at it and thought, ‘this is a space for adults'.
“It's an alcoholic environment, it's not a space for younger ones.”
media_camera Curried ocean trout. Picture: Stuart Milligan
media_camera Chocolate fondant with lavender ice cream. Picture: Stuart Milligan
She said their food featured “high-end ingredients” like market-fresh calamari, freshly shucked oysters and garlic prawns.
A stuffed peacock “mascot” takes pride of place in the wine bar, sourced from online marketplace Gumtree.
After Ms Hall decided on the bar's name, she went looking and found a peacock that had been in one family for 45 years.
The family had their beloved pet stuffed after it died of natural causes, she said.
media_camera Kon Tsoutouras behind the bar. Picture: Stuart Milligan
media_camera The Den Espresso Martini and Six Acre Charonnay. Picture: Stuart Milligan
Ms Hall has owned the wine bar building for 17 years, renting it out for the past 12.
It needed extensive renovations, and when the last tenants moved out earlier this year, she decided to move back in.
“Being a real foodie and a lover of wine ... I thought this region needed a good wine bar, so we built one,” she said.
“It's like I've come full circle.”
Ms Hall and her partner renovated the building after hours and on weekends, in between running their other businesses.
Ms Hall started out her working life as a chef doing corporate catering and also owns Pure Hot Yoga in Bayswater.
The Peacock Den is at 381 Forest Rd, The Basin.
Details: thepeacockden.com.au or 9761 1431.
21 June 2016
Over the weekend, the rover stopped after about 17 meters of the planned 65-meter drive. The rover is fine, the drive just tripped one of the (very conservative) limits on how the rover's suspension was expected to behave, causing Curiosity to stop and check in with Earth. Since there is nothing jumping out at us as a contact science target where we stopped, in today's plan we will try to make up for some of the lost distance from the weekend plan.
In the Sol 1378 plan, ChemCam has observations of some bedrock at the target “Tombua” and a rock named “Ai Ais”. Mastcam then will image the two ChemCam targets, as well as the Sol 1376 AEGIS target. Mastcam will also image some veins at a location called “Helgas”. After that, we will drive and collect some typical post-drive imaging.
On Sol 1379, we won't have data down from Sol 1378 yet, so it is an untargeted plan. In the morning, ChemCam, NavCam, and Mastcam have some atmospheric observations. Then in the afternoon, ChemCam has some calibration observations, followed by a few more Mastcam atmospheric observations.
by Ryan Anderson
-Ryan is a planetary scientist at the USGS Astrogeology Science Center and a member of the ChemCam team on MSL.
Dates of planned rover activities described in these reports are subject to change due to a variety of factors related to the martian environment, communication relays and rover status
Prisoners sent to work at Red Centre salt mine
Updated
Prisoners have been sent to work at a salt mine in central Australia after the company had trouble recruiting staff.
Northern Territory Correctional Services Minister John Elferink says the potash project near Curtin Springs, about 250 kilometres south-west of Alice Springs, is now training prisoners being provided by the Territory Government after failing to find staff.
He says the company is paying award wages, which go towards costs such as salaries for security guards.
Mr Elferink says the prisoners are covered by workers' compensation insurance.
"I expect prisoners in the Northern Territory corrections system to work," he said.
"If they are particularly good at what they do, then we reward them with full-time work outside the prisons.
"So, if they work inside the prison, they will ultimately work outside the prison."
It is not known how many prisoners are working at the site.
The potash project is a joint venture between Rum Jungle Resources and Reward Minerals.
The Country Liberals Government introduced its 'Sentenced to a Job' program for prisoners in Territory jails earlier this year.
They can be used to work on both public and private projects.
Only prisoners in the lowest security classifications can take part in the scheme.
Of their earnings, 5 per cent goes to a victims' assistance fund and $125 a week is deducted to cover their board costs in jail.
The prisoners get $60 a week in spending money, and the remainder of what they are paid is put into a trust fund and they are paid a lump sum when released from custody.
Topics: prisons-and-punishment, work, alice-springs-0870, darwin-0800, nt
First posted
With more than a third of Indonesia's population off the electricity grid, micro hydro schemes now benefit more than 50,000 people. Photo: Anne Wheldon/Ashden
Only big energy multinationals and dirty energy like nuclear and coal can keep the lights on. Renewable energy technology is expensive and won't come on stream fast enough to meet our energy needs and combat climate change. So goes the dominant energy security narrative propagated by politicians, multinational corporations and the mainstream media alike.
But a look at the remarkable growth of renewable energy source cooperatives (resco-ops) over the past few years tells a different story. Every day existing resco-ops go about their business, meeting people's needs with clean, reliable, affordable energy and growing to take on new members; and every day new resco-ops spring up, bringing new renewable energy resources online and releasing communities from expensive, exploitative corporate-controlled energy. Out there, in the real world, resco-ops are delivering and showing us their exciting potential.
Resco-ops globally
In western Europe, Denmark's historic leadership in decentralised renewable energy has come from cooperatively-owned and managed wind turbines powering local homes and businesses. Now Germany is rapidly forging ahead with 600 resco-ops appearing in the past three years alone. Resco-ops haven't taken off so much in central and eastern Europe, partly because of the connotations with their Communist past, but things are changing there too, with pioneers in Estonia relabelling cooperatives – which are helping to reduce reliance on Russian gas – as ‘people's capitalism'. The UK's resco-op sector is small but growing, with more than 40 now either trading or soon-to-be launched, following the pioneering footsteps of the Ouse Valley Energy Services Company (Ovesco) in Sussex.
In Asia, countries such as Nepal and Philippines have a long tradition of micro-hydroelectric cooperatives, which enable communities to enjoy lighting for classrooms and clean water for homes and agriculture. Female Indian waste pickers in Mumbai are turning biodegradable materials into biogas for clean cooking and fertiliser, providing them with decent wages at the same time as dealing with the problem of municipal waste. In Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, cooperative farmers harvesting sugar cane alongside their crops to power local vehicles are just one example of the different resco-op models providing energy access to millions of people across North and South America.
Not all energy cooperatives provide renewable power supplies, as the US experience shows. Energy cooperatives rapidly electrified rural communities across America in the mid-20th century; more than 900 are still in existence. However, unlike Denmark and Germany, which adopted renewable energy as an alternative to nuclear power, 17 US resco-ops actually own or plan to own part of a nuclear power plant. Coal and natural gas also feature heavily among US electricity cooperatives, although a shift towards renewable energy is being fostered through increased cooperation with European resco-ops.
Why do it yourself?
The reasons behind the growing global popularity of resco-ops are varied. In some countries cultural and political traditions make resco-ops more likely – for example, Indonesia's tradition of cooperation and southern Brazil's radical, people-centred politics. Some people join or establish resco-ops for ideological reasons, believing in the cooperative ethos and wanting to strengthen their communities; others for environmental reasons, opposing nuclear energy and supporting renewables; others for economic reasons, through a return on investment or lower energy bills. What they all have in common is that resco-ops empower people to meet their energy needs in a way the current failed model of energy market liberalisation cannot.
Dirk Vansintjan, who set up resco-op EcoPower in Eeklo, Belgium, says he never intended to start a cooperative: ‘In the beginning, I just wanted to create more renewable energy and show it was a possible alternative. The first step was bringing people together, then came the cooperative. I didn't know anything about it, but if you want to do something together, it's the best legal entity – egalitarian and democratic. If you don't put money at the centre of your activity but people's needs, it's an obvious choice.'
EcoPower began in 1991 with a small refurbished water mill and now supplies one per cent of the Flemish market and has almost 40,000 members. At its core remain the seven International Cooperative Alliance (ICA) principles: voluntary and open membership; democratic member control; member economic participation; autonomy and independence; education, training and information; cooperation among cooperatives; and concern for the community.
As Robin Murray outlined in ‘A different way of doing things', the cooperative movement can provide a much-needed alternative economic model. Energy and where it comes from, how affordable it is and who controls it has an enormous bearing on people's lives, and the energy system is a key component of our economy that needs to be transformed to become more equitable and sustainable. As experiences around the world are already demonstrating, resco-ops can support the switch to clean renewable energy at the same time as helping to strengthen local communities and transform our current relationship with large energy corporations.
Transforming our energy system
Around 75 per cent of all greenhouse gases come from the burning of fossil fuels, while their production and transportation have devastating impacts on local communities and the air, water and ecosystems we rely on. Tackling climate change requires a huge transformation of the global energy system, starting with the rapid roll-out of clean, reliable, affordable renewable energy. Resco-ops must be at the heart of this process because of the way they transform our relationship with energy and where it comes from.
For most people, energy arrives through a wire, pipe or pump, with no link to its source. Being involved in a resco-op gives you a direct connection to and understanding of how energy is produced, managed and used. Local ownership and control of renewable energy increases social acceptance of renewable technologies and overcomes nimbyism. Even in Thuys, Denmark, with its long history of wind energy, the installation of large, corporately-owned wind turbines led to their rejection as local residents felt they were bearing all the costs and receiving none of the benefits. According to wind energy pioneer Jane Kruse, only with the revival of community-owned and controlled schemes have people begun to accept wind turbines again.
The fifth cooperative principle of ‘education, training and information' also leads to greater awareness. EcoPower might attract people for its low prices and simple tariffs, but its mission is also to educate people about energy conservation. With the support of the cooperative and each other, members' energy use has been reduced by 40 per cent over five years. And education doesn't stop with energy savings. EcoPower takes members on a ‘cooperative journey', increasing their involvement and commitment to cooperative principles, and leading to better understanding of why we need an alternative economy.
Strengthening communities
The benefits from resco-ops don't stop with the transition to clean energy. Local resco-ops bring communities together in shared decision-making, empowering individuals and invigorating local democratic participation. And rather than searching for profit, most resco-ops prioritise addressing community needs. The seventh ICA principle is that cooperatives work for the sustainable development of their communities through policies approved by their members. In an example of how this can work in practice, in the Indonesian village of Cinta Mekar income from the micro-hydro plant was spent first on connecting those villagers who couldn't initially afford it, and then on providing community facilities such as running water, lighting for schools, maternal health care and loans to micro-enterprises.
Resco-ops can also strengthen local economies by recycling money rather than seeing it syphoned out of the community for fossil fuel imports. The small Greek island of Sifnos, for example, imports 99 per cent of its energy at a cost of €5 million per year, leading Apostolos Dimopoulos to found Sifnos resco-op. It is also a big motivation for Vansintjan in Flanders, where €2,400 per inhabitant leaves Flanders every year, going directly to big energy companies that don't reinvest in the local area. According to Tri Mumpuni, co-founder of the Indonesian NGO IBEKA, which helped set up Cinta Mekar's micro-hydro plant, ‘Poverty is not a problem, it is a symptom of local communities being disconnected from the resources around them that can contribute to their human wellbeing.'
Challenging Dirty Energy inc
Resco-ops challenge not only the source of energy (sustainable or not), but the corporately-owned and controlled, centralised model of providing it. They offer a decentralised model driven by need rather than profit. In providing an alternative, they redefine the relationships we have with large, faceless, multinational energy corporations, reducing our reliance on them and highlighting the inadequacy of what they offer. Acting collectively also combats our isolation as powerless individual consumers. Not all resco-ops are set up with such explicit political agendas, but they are an inherent feature of the model as a result of choosing to pursue social goals rather than profit.
In Brazil, the Movimento dos Trabalhadores Sem Terra (Landless Workers Movement, MST) runs wind turbine workshops for communities without electricity with an explicit focus on challenging the dominant system of corporate-controlled energy. According to Eliana, an MST activist involved in the workshop interviewed in Katherine Haywood's short film available on the Red Pepper website: ‘There is a source of energy that is probably exhaustible, which is petrol. Its production is monopolised by big business and the dominant classes. For the movement it is important we have this type of initiative and we learn this type of knowledge [how to build and install wind turbines] so that small communities have sovereignty over their energy production.'
Who benefits?
While resco-ops clearly have the potential to bring significant benefits to local communities, there is no guarantee that those benefits will be equitably shared. Avoiding capture by wealthier interests depends on whether those establishing a resco-op follow the agreed ICA principles of openness and participation and are committed to delivering wider social benefits. Some European resco-ops are not socially inclusive, instead acting as secure investment vehicles during volatile economic times. In the UK, resco-ops are seen by some as the preserve of the middle classes, for those with money to invest. The principle of member economic participation is intended to give everyone a stake in the co-op, but it can also lead to exclusion. Here in the UK the minimum connection fee is £250.
To ensure resco-ops remain inclusive and progressive, creative solutions are needed. In Eekle, the €250 fee to become a member of EcoPower can be paid off via the savings made in members' bills over a few years, allowing poorer members to avoid upfront costs but still benefit. Villagers of Mavanga in Tanzania were able to contribute their labour in constructing the micro-hydro dam and the mini-grid that distributes electricity.
Participation also depends on how a resco-op determines its local community. Loose definitions of ‘community energy' allow a community of investors – no matter where they are located – to call themselves a community energy cooperative. This loses the connection to the geographical community and undermines local participation and democratic governance. Instead, resco-ops should focus as locally as possible and find creative ways to include all stakeholders who live nearby. MOZES, a community energy scheme on a poor housing estate in Nottingham, UK, achieves this by default: anyone living within the defined local area is automatically a member and has a say in how it is run.
Beyond self-help: what role for government?
Resco-ops still account for a tiny fraction of the global energy market, held back by regulatory, financial, technical, and cultural institutional barriers. However, these barriers are not insurmountable, and vary greatly from country to country. Some governments actively support resco-ops. F D Roosevelt's US government provided interest-free loans to rural electricity cooperatives, while Bangladeshi state subsidies have fostered a long history of locally-owned co-ops powering villages and irrigation pumping stations. In Tanzania, the government sees resco-ops as key to rural electrification, particularly in areas the grid is not likely to reach for a long time.
Denmark and Germany supported resco-ops by creating the right regulatory environment via renewable energy feed-in tariffs (REFiTs), guaranteed payments for the generation of renewable energy, which are now spreading around the world. Tri Mumpuni was instrumental in campaigning for Indonesia's REFiT, passed in 1999: ‘I told [the government], as long as you do not agree, I will always come and knock at your door and beg you, “Please issue this policy!''' Campaigning organisations have been instrumental, and many across Europe are now turning their minds to actively campaigning for community-owned renewable energy.
Co-operating cooperatives
In line with the sixth ICA principle of cooperation among cooperatives, resco-ops are organising among themselves to collectively identify and overcome barriers. EcoPower, for example, recently set up the Resco-op coalition with members from across Europe to promote the spread of resco-ops.
The UK's Cooperative bank has earmarked £100 million just for UK resco-ops, while the German resco-op explosion has been underwritten by local mutuals and credit unions. The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA) in North America also has an international branch, which is helping rural electricity cooperatives and federations from Bangladesh to Yemen, including helping establish what has become the world's largest, Bolivia's Cooperativa Rural de Electrificación (Rural Electrification Cooperative, CRE).
It's too early to say whether resco-ops and the wider movement can overturn the power of the fossil fuel industry and deliver change at the speed and scale necessary. But major progress has already begun. 2012 was the International Year of the Cooperative: why stop there?
Shadow Brokers Announce Retirement After Failed Attempts to Sell Their Hacking Tools, Leak NSA-linked Windows Hacking Tools as a Memento
Remember Shadow Brokers, the shadowy hacker group that made headlines in August 2016 when it leaked advanced NSA hacking tools. Shadow Brokers had claimed that it had access to whole range NSA hacking tools and had attempted to sell some of the tools on the dark web. After failing to get buyers for the hacking tools, Shadow Brokers today announced its retirement. The hacker group said it was “going dark”, but not before leaving a parting gift. It leaked a full set of NSA-linked Windows hacking tools freely to the public.
The group published a tweet and an article on their website, hosted on the ZeroNet anonymous hosting service.
The message left by the group reveals their frustration at not being able to sell the stolen hacking tools and exploits. Shadow Group had claimed to have stolen all the hacking tools from the servers owned by The Equation Group, a nickname given by security firms to the NSA and its foreign cyber-espionage operations.
The group, however, has not completely abandoned hopes of selling the stolen NSA cyberweapons. In their message, the Shadow Brokers said they will still keep open their offer to sell a batch of Windows hacking tools for 750 bitcoins.
The group also publicly released an archive with 58 Windows hacking tools, currently already detected by Kaspersky antivirus, which can be downloaded from their website. “Password is F**kTheWorld Is being final f**k you, you should have been believing TheShadowBrokers,” the hacker group said.
NSA and the US intelligence community will breath a sigh of relief to see the back of the mysterious hacking group which had given its top honchos plenty of sleepless nights.
Download Unix Tools orginal link
Download Windows Tools original link
Alternative links
Unix Tools Download below
Windows Tools Download below
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
Belizean cryptocurrency exchange platform 247exchange.com adds Sofort Banking as one of its payment methods, allowing its customers to make instant purchases of bitcoins from more than 400 banks in 10 different European countries.
On October 2, Belize City-based digital currency 247exchange.com announced its recently sealed partnership with online payment processor Sofort Banking. The move will allow its customers to purchase bitcoins from over 400 banks in Europe.
The 10 supported European countries include Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the UK, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Italy, Spain and Poland. Along with instant payments made available from this partnership, customers can purchase bitcoins through bank wire (SWIFT) and SEPA transfer.
In an email communication with Cointelegraph, 247exchange.com Marketing Director Andrey Vereshchagin said the company has recently been working on adding credit cards as one of their instant payment methods for buying bitcoins, and were currently testing payments in altcoins including Litecoin, Peercoin and Namecoin. Vereshchagin said these features were likely to be added to the website before the end of October.
Started in early 2013, 247exchange.com is operated by Belize City-based enterprise InterMoney Exchange, Corp. In July 2014, the company received its Money Service Business (MSB) license delivered by the International Financial Services Commission, a Belizean governmental organ that seeks to "promote, protect and enhance Belize as an international financial services center". The next month, its website exited demo-mode and officially launched as an international digital currency exchanger.
By September 2014, the company had already concluded several partnerships with banks and financial services across the globe, including Munich-based online payment processor Sofort Banking. Through this collaboration, 247exchange.com received support from 99% of German banks (138 in total), 95% of Austrian banks (41), as well as 21 Belgian banks, 21 French, 3 Dutch, 22 Polish, 37 Spanish, 69 Italian, 22 UK, and 51 Swiss. Vereshchagin explained:
"We're focusing on instant methods, because of the float price of Bitcoin, so, nobody wants to wait hours or even days for Bitcoins they buy, and we clearly understand this."
Along with instant methods, 247exchange.com said to be also focusing on local payment methods, including cash deposit and local bank transfers, in different countries and regions. In fact, they have already started accepting bank transfers from Australia and Europe.
The executive said that unlike typical Bitcoin exchangers that focus on specific regions, 247exchange.com's aim was to make a worldwide service that would be convenient for people to use from anywhere in the world.
In 2015, 247exchange.com is planning to enter the North American market, added Vereshchagin as the company is currently seeking to get the appropriate licenses.
by Fernanda Ferreira
figures by Krissy Lyon
The young, scaly creature bursts from the torso of its doomed host in a mix of guts and blood and stares blinkingly at its new environment.
For most people the sentence above describes a famous scene from Ridley Scott's Alien, but for many insects it's a daily reality.
The inspiration for H.R. Giger's nightmarish alien comes from one of nature's most ingenious predators: parasitoid wasps. These wasps lay their eggs in other insects or their larvae, transforming their prey into a living incubator that feeds and protects the growing wasp larvae. This behavior is present in many wasp species, and their prey includes a diverse array of insects and arachnids [9]. In Alien, Sigourney Weaver saves herself and the last member of the spaceship Nostromo from the alien, but if you can't count on Warrant Officer Ripley to save the day, how do you protect yourself and your kin from a parasitoid wasp?
What is Self-Medication?
While in the human world giving your baby alcohol would probably be considered a form of child endangerment, fruit flies do this as a form of self-medication. For humans, the term “self-medication” refers to any instance in which someone uses a substance to treat a self-diagnosed illness [8], but it is commonly associated with substance abuse.
In the animal world self-medication is also referred to as “zoopharmacognosy,” and it involves the ingestion or application of substances by non-human animals to prevent or treat illnesses [10]. Within self-medication, there are many subdivisions (Table 1), depending on whether the use of the substance is therapeutic (for healing a current disease) or prophylactic (for preventing a disease) and who is benefitted by the substance [3].
Self-medication was long thought to be a learned behavior, which one acquires through experience, rather than an innate behavior [11]. The first examples of self-medication came from primates [10], so it was assumed that it could only occur in animals that could observe and learn [3]. However, scientists have observed various instances of innate self-medication in insects, demonstrating that this behavior does not always have to be learned.
Before self-medication, an insect has two lines of defense: first, their cuticle works as a barrier to keep pathogens out and, second, should a pathogen penetrate this layer, their immune systems can fight the infection [1]. When neither of these defense systems works, an insect can turn to its environment to find substances that will help it deal with pathogens. Like the alcohol in the fruit-flies case, the majority of these protective substances are plant-derived and studying the growing number of insect self-medication examples may give us new organic compound targets for drug discovery.
Fruit flies: taking alcohol as a medicine
One of the best-studied examples of self-medication in insects, involving both therapeutic self-medication and prophylactic transgenerational medication, comes from fruit flies, which were heavily researched by Dr. Todd Schlenke and colleagues. Like all insects, fruit flies have a series of innate immune mechanisms that fight pathogens, but at times the fruit fly must resort to self-medication to combat specific predators, such as parasitoid wasps.
A fruit fly's choice of medicine is foods with a certain alcohol percentage, particularly rotten fruit. Healthy fruit flies that consume diets with a high alcohol content tend to have a lower fitness. That is, when we compare the survival rates of healthy fruit flies that are fed food with a high alcohol content to those that are fed food with no alcohol, the teetotaler (a.k.a., sober) flies live longer than their alcoholic brethren (Figure 1, upper panel)[7].
When fruit flies are parasitized by wasps, however, this relationship flips: the survival rates of fruit flies with high alcohol diets are two to four times higher than those with no alcohol in their diets (Figure 1, lower panel). The alcohol protects the fruit flies by disturbing the development, and therefore causing the death, of the wasp larvae [7].
Parasitoid wasps also target the larvae of fruit flies, and female fruit flies have evolved to recognize female wasps and to respond to the risk of infection these wasps represent to their offspring. In a series of elegant experiments, Schlenke [6] demonstrated that when female fruit flies saw female wasps they changed their oviposition, or egg-laying, preferences. Fruit flies lay their eggs in locations with plenty of food for their growing larvae, and they normally choose locations without any alcohol (Figure 2a). However, once a female wasp has been sighted, flies start to lay their eggs on food that contains alcohol. Flies do not change their egg-laying when shown male files, meaning that female flies have evolved the ability to not only recognize wasps and respond accordingly, but to also discern between the innocuous male wasps and the dangerous, parasitic larvae-laying female wasps [6].
Social insects and socialized medicine
With the fruit fly example it already becomes clear that “self-medication” includes examples of medication that are not restricted to “self”: female fruit flies medicate both themselves and their offspring. This makes sense from an evolutionary perspective because the fruit fly's offspring represents a way for the female fruit fly's DNA to live on once she's died. Social insects, such as bees and ants, push the definition of “self-medication” even further [5].
During particularly bad flu seasons a common piece of advice from the Center for Disease Control (CDC) is to avoid crowded areas in order to both protect yourself and others from getting infected. Social insects live in colonies comprised of thousands or millions of individual insects, which is much akin to the CDC's “crowded spaces”, and, as the CDC warns, the high population density of the colony increases the chance of infection. But the same way colonial life has its dangers, the colony can also work together to prevent an infection from happening or to limit its spread in the colony. Both ants and bees do this by collecting resins with antimicrobial or antifungal properties that protect their colony from harmful bacteria and fungi, respectively.
While resin-collection is a behavior shared by both bees and ants, the timing of the collection differs between them. Ants participate in social prophylaxis, collecting resin with antimicrobial properties from conifers in order to prevent the presence of bacteria in the colony, but they don't start collecting more resin when the colony becomes infected [3]. Bees on the other hand perform social therapeutic medication: they constantly gather resin, but following infection by a fungal pathogen, they begin to collect more resin[12].
Why should we care about self-medicating insects?
In the quest for new drugs, scientists have looked at everything from traditional native remedies to marine bacteria. It's therefore not a great leap to expand the search for novel natural compounds to examples of self-medication in insects [4]. Despite the innumerous differences between humans and insects, there have already been cases in which compounds present in human drugs have also been used by insects.
The monarch butterfly is targeted by the protozoan parasite Oprhyocystis elektroscirrha, which covers the outside of the butterflies decreasing their ability to fly and ultimately killing them. Furthermore, female butterflies accidently spread the parasite to their offspring when they lay eggs. In order to defend their larvae from these parasites, monarch butterflies lay their eggs on medicinal milkweed species [2]. Milkweed is the food of choice for monarch butterfly larvae and there are various species of milkweed, both medicinal and non-medicinal. The medicinal types of milkweed contain cardenolides, a class of compounds that have been used in both anticancer drugs and to treat heart failure.
Our observation of self-medication in animals can also teach us about the best ways to rear certain species. For instance, during the domestication of honeybees, beekeepers have selected for bees that collect less resin because large quantities of resin make the harvesting of honey more difficult [12]. Given the delicate nature of beehives and the propensity of colonies to disease, beekeepers may want to alter their stance on resin.
With antibiotic resistance on the rise, we are always in need of new avenues of drug discovery. Maybe the next big treatment for Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) or tuberculosis is already being used by some of our favorite insect zoopharmacognosists.
Fernanda Ferreira is a PhD student in the Virology PhD program.
References
1. Abbott, J. (2014). Self-medication in insects: current evidence and future perspectives. Ecological Entomology 39, 273-280.
2. Do monarch butterflies use drugs? (Emory Report) http://www.emory.edu/EMORY_REPORT/stories/2010/09/13/monarch_butterflys_may_use_drugs.html
3. De Roode, J.C.; Lefèvre, T.; & Hunter, M.D. (2013). Self-Medication in Animals. Science 340, 150-151.
4. How butterflies self-medicate. (TEDYouth) https://www.ted.com/talks/jaap_de_roode_how_butterflies_self_medicate?language=en#t-15374
5. Ants self-medicate: are even cooler than Ant-Man made them look. (SITN Waves) http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/waves/2015/ants-self-medicate-are-even-cooler-than-ant-man-made-them-look/
6. Kacsoh, BZ.; Lynch, ZR.; Mortimer, NT.; & Schlenke, TA. (2013). Fruit Flies Medicate Offspring After Seeing Parasites. Science 339: 947-950.
7. Milan, NF.; Kacsoh, BZ.; & Schlenke, TA. (2012). Alcohol Consumption as Self-Medication against Blood-Borne Parasites in the Fruit Fly. Current Biology 22: 488-493.
8. Ruiz, ME. (2010). Risks of self-medication practices. Current Drug Safety 5(4): 315-323.
9. Parasitoid wasps may be the most diverse animal group. (BBC Earth) http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150522-the-wasps-that-rule-the-world
10. Shurkin, J. (2014). News Feature: Animals that self-medicate. PNAS 111(49): 17339-17341.
11. Operant Conditioning: Innate vs. Learned Behaviors. (Khan Academy Medicine) https://www.khanacademy.org/test-prep/mcat/behavior/learning-slug/v/operant-conditioning-innate-vs-learned-behaviors
12. Bee's ‘Self-Medicate' With Propolis to Fight Infection, Study Says. (Huffington Post: Science) http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/04/02/bees-self-medicate-propolis_n_1396401.html
Will genome editing with the new technology, CRISPR, usher in a new era of Promethean overreach? CRISPR makes altering the human genome widely available and cheap. But the fur is rising on the necks of anti-play-god bioethicists; they fear that geneticists will play god and precipitate a backlash from nature that could be disastrous to the human race. In contrast to the anti-play-god bioethicists, Ted Peters' newly published article, “Should CRISPR Scientists Play God?” recommends that laboratory science invoke the Precautionary Principle (PP). With the PP in hand, laboratory researchers should pause at the yellow caution light. But then, with constant risk-assessment, proceed ahead.
Here is what you might want to know but really don't need to. CRISPR stands for Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats. What does this mean? In our evolutionary past, our human genomes incorporated palindromic DNA repeats from bacteria and archaea which are their adaptive method for strengthening their immune systems. The summary point to get is this: palindromic repeats of DNA base pairs provide targets for the geneticist to shoot at.
The CRISPR archer shoots at these targets with Cas9 arrows. What's Cas9? It's an endonuclease capable of cleaving DNA. When combined with specific RNA in a system it can either insert or delete specific genetic sequences. If Cas9 is the arrow, the CRISPR archer can fire it to a specific target on a DNA strand, cut it, insert a prescribed sequence of nucleotides, and then re-connect the DNA strand. We call this “gene editing” for short.
Here is the upshot. CRISPR/Cas9 technology can be used for highly specific and convenient gene editing, either inserting sequences in target genes, deleting genes, or turning genes off. The overwhelming scientific consensus is that this technology will usher in an age of cheap and easy genetic manipulation. If we don't like the DNA nature has bequeathed us, we can employ CRISPR/Cas9 to edit it to our standards.
There are two important ways that CRISPR/Cas9 technology can improve human health and wellbeing. The first is somatic genome editing therapy. A patient suffering from metastatic non-small lung cancer, for example, may benefit. How might this work? We note that everyday our immune system engages cancer threats with a defense. When the defense is compromised, cancer wins. On the front line is the T cell which, like Achilles, leads the immune system into battle against cancer. This happens commonly. Right now while you're reading this text the battle between your immune system and cancer is taking place. In persons with metastatic non-small lung cancer for whom chemotherapy and radiation have failed, however, scientists have observed that T cells are sabotaged from within by a Quisling enzyme, PD-1. By sending CRISPR/Cas9 into these T cells, clinicians are hoping to snip out the PD-1 gene and liberate the T cell. The T cell should then triumph once again in the cancer siege. By editing the genome of a living patient, this type of cancer might succumb to somatic genome editing therapy.
The second potential way in which CRISPR/Cas9 editing might contribute to human health is through germline editing. Our germ cells are found in eggs and sperm, where they are in a position to pass our DNA on through our children to many future generations. On the tip of chromosome 4, for another example, some sufferers from Huntington's disease have a mutated gene (allele) which is responsible for untold suffering and crippling. Should a CRISPR scientist edit this gene in the germline, thereby eliminating it for this person's descendents? Should our generation systematically eliminate this allele from the human gene pool, thereby eliminating this disease for everyone in the future?
“Whoah!” shouts the anti-play-god bioethicist. Why? Are the bioethicists heartless? Do bioethicists want to see Huntington's patients suffer? No, that is not the reason. Their judgment is based on what we don't know. What we don't know is the long-term effect of such large-scale changes in the genome. Genes work with other genes and other DNA in delicate systems like Swiss watches, mutually influencing one another. To eliminate one set of gears in an old fashioned Swiss watch would cause it to self-destruct. Might this analogy apply to the human genome? We don't know yet. Without this knowledge, clinical geneticists cannot measure the risk.
Without knowing the level of harm-benefit risk, the question arising among bioethicists is this: should we proceed to modify the germline in human beings (and plants or animals too)? On most days when such questions arise, the average bioethicist can get by with a single-word vocabulary. All he or she needs to do is pronounce the word “No,” with emphasis, and the job is done. If a bioethicist were to say, “Yes” too often, he or she would be shunned by colleagues as having sold out to the industry.
The PP to the rescue. Peters relies on the so-called Wingspread version of the Precautionary Principle as it was formulated at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development: “When an activity raises threats of harm to human health or the environment, precautionary measures should be taken even if some cause and effect relationships are not fully established scientifically. In this context the proponent of the process or product, rather than the public, should bear the burden of proof.” Although the PP applied originally to ecological ethics, it might apply equally well to gene editing.
Here's what I recommend: “Yes, but not yet.” That's a longer sentence than merely the word, “No”. “Yes, but not yet” might be the most appropriate ethical counsel we could offer to those geneticists attempting to ascertain the risk level of CRISPR editing of the human germline.
CRISPR/Cas9 puts us momentarily at a traffic stoplight. We have three options. Those who affirm Prometheus' hubris and invoke the technological imperative―if we can do it we should do it!―want to race through a green light toward an enhanced humanity. The anti-play-god Promethean hopes that the light will remain red so all traffic remains stopped. The proceed-with-caution bioethicist looks both ways on yellow, but drives forward. Peters recommends the third.
For you who do not regularly read my blog, I am a fictional character in the thriller, For God and Country. I am a former CIA operative currently serving as a Lutheran pastor on the south side of Chicago. My doctorate from Michigan State University is in astrobiology and I give special attention to Society, Science, and Spirit.
Professor David Nutt has been no stranger to controversy over the years. So the psychiatrist and former Government drugs tsar, will not have been fazed when he raised eyebrows recently by drawing a parallel between the repression of research into the effects of psychedelic drugs like LSD with the censorship of Galileo and the banning of the telescope.
“It has been the great unanswered question in neuroscience,” he argues. “What is the nature of the profound psychedelic experience that LSD produces, with long-lasting changes in the way people view themselves and the world around them?”
Now, he believes, scientists are coming close to an answer.His team at Imperial College London, having overcome numerous regulatory hurdles, are the first in the world to scan the brains of volunteers under the influence of LSD. Professor Nutt announced this week they would need to crowd-fund £25,000 to pay for an analysis of the findings, after funding sources dried up. Not following through on their work, he believes, would be a tragedy.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
He and a growing number of scientists around the world are beginning to revive interest in LSD as a medicine: for addiction, for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), and for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). It could even, some believe, help alleviate the anxiety felt by terminally ill people at the end of their life.
Shape Created with Sketch. A trip through time: The history of LSD Show all 5 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. A trip through time: The history of LSD 1/5 19 April 1943 Having accidentally ingested LSD three days earlier, Albert Hofmann takes the world's first intentional acid trip and rides home from the lab on his bike. The event is commemorated annually on "Bicycle Day" AFP/Getty Images 2/5 May 1950 The first article about LSD appears in the American Journal of Psychiatry 3/5 22 November 1963 Aldous Huxley, author of The Doors of Perception, instructs his wife to administer him with LSD on his deathbed, and passes away "very, very gently" AP 4/5 April 1965 The Beatles are introduced to acid by George's dentist. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band comes out in June 1967, and while John denies "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" was an intentional expansion of "LSD", few believe him Rex Features 5/5 14 January 1967 Four years after he is sacked from the psychology department at Harvard, acid evangelist Dr Timothy Leary tells a 30,000-strong gathering at the Human Be-In in San Francisco to, "Turn on, tune in, drop out" Getty Images 1/5 19 April 1943 Having accidentally ingested LSD three days earlier, Albert Hofmann takes the world's first intentional acid trip and rides home from the lab on his bike. The event is commemorated annually on "Bicycle Day" AFP/Getty Images 2/5 May 1950 The first article about LSD appears in the American Journal of Psychiatry 3/5 22 November 1963 Aldous Huxley, author of The Doors of Perception, instructs his wife to administer him with LSD on his deathbed, and passes away "very, very gently" AP 4/5 April 1965 The Beatles are introduced to acid by George's dentist. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band comes out in June 1967, and while John denies "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" was an intentional expansion of "LSD", few believe him Rex Features 5/5 14 January 1967 Four years after he is sacked from the psychology department at Harvard, acid evangelist Dr Timothy Leary tells a 30,000-strong gathering at the Human Be-In in San Francisco to, "Turn on, tune in, drop out" Getty Images
“People are very, very frightened of dying. They see it as the end. On psychedelics, this sense of self begins to break down,” says Professor Nutt.
“People in the psychedelic trip often experience being at one with the world or even with the universe. It's as if they have died, as if they've gone out to another place. They exist beyond their body. That experience can give them a sense of perpetuity, of permanence, of being part of the cycle of life, which of course we all are.”
A recent study in Switzerland has already looked at the use of LSD for this purpose. After two months, a small number of terminally ill patients given doses of LSD in sessions with a psychiatrist experienced improvements in their anxiety levels – findings which persisted for a year among those who survived.
Professor Nutt thinks using LSD in this way, strictly on a voluntary basis, should be further investigated. It is, after all, how the most famous exponent of psychedelics, the author Aldous Huxley, ushered in his own eternal rest.
“The way we deal with death is to poison people with opiates so that they can't think,” Professor Nutt says. “They're pain-free but they're constipated, can't speak, and are numbed before they die. I think the idea that there might be an alternative strategy is something we should at least explore.”
Professor Nutt is one of the leading figures in a recent renaissance of interest in psychedelic drugs. In the 1950s and 1960s, hundreds of studies were carried out into these substances, and LSD – then legal – was tested as a treatment for alcoholism, depression, and as end-of-life therapy.
Then came the wide-scale, counter-culture use of psychedelics as recreational drugs, quickly followed by criminalisation. Research into them was, if not banned, regulated almost out of existence.
It is these missing decades that so frustrate Professor Nutt, who says that scientists are only just catching up with “50 years of censorship”.
Exactly how the psychedelic trip can lead to long-term benefits in a person's thinking is one of the mysteries scientists hope to uncover.
“Our work with psilocybin [the magic mushroom compound] points to a circuit in the brain called the default mode –where your persona and your ego lies. When you're sitting, relaxing, thinking about yourself, your past, your future, your family – that's the default mode. In addictions and depression and OCD that can become disorganised and locked on to different targets. It gets locked into thinking negative thoughts, or craving thoughts. We think that [psychedelics] could well unlock that, and break that terrible habit of thinking inappropriately and let you go back to thinking normally again.”
Since being dismissed as chair of the Government's Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs in 2009, after saying that ecstasy, cannabis and LSD were less dangerous than alcohol and tobacco, Professor Nutt has maintained a high profile, taking part in Channel 4's Drugs Live, in which volunteers have been filmed taking illegal substances, and the effects on the brain are explained by himself and other scientists.
Criminalisation of drugs, while appropriate for the most dangerous substances like heroin and crack, has been wholly counterproductive at the less harmful end of the spectrum, Professor Nutt argues.
Skunk, a high-strength variety of cannabis, which was recently shown to be responsible for one in four new cases of psychosis in a recent King's College London study, has become common, Professor Nutt believes, as a direct result of criminalisation: pushed by black market dealers who in a decriminalised system would lose their monopoly.
“We need to accept the fact that most people like to change the way they feel,” Professor Nutt said. “Most people use alcohol. My view is that any drug that is less harmful than alcohol should be made available in some kind of regulated fashion because that will reduce the harms of alcohol.”
Drug reform is back on the agenda after Nick Clegg announced this week that the Liberal Democrats manifesto would include proposals to soften penalties for drug users. Professor Nutt said the party should be willing to use the issue as a deal-breaker in any coalition negotiations that may follow the election.
“The drug laws are some of the most archaic and corrupt laws present in this country,” he said. “They destroy lives through criminalisation and they really impede medical research. We deal with drugs in a pre-Victorian fashion. We need to move into the 21st century.”
Acid test: The dope on LSD
First synthesised by Swiss scientist Alfred Hofmann in 1938, in its early years lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) was relatively easy to come by.
Between 1953 and 1973, the US government spent $4m (£2.66m) on 160 studies involving LSD to determine its medicinal value and its effects on creativity and spirituality. Participants regularly had very positive experiences.
By the 1960s advocates of LSD included Aldous Huxley and Timothy Leary, who popularised the “turn on, tune in, drop out” philosophy of a 1960s counter-culture that was defined by the psychedelic (meaning “to manifest the soul”) experience.
The imagery and ethos of psychedelia, and the recreational use of the drug, soon spread throughout the western world, influencing art and music. The Beatles experimented with it, although probably not as much as some suggest, and The Doors and Jimi Hendrix also combined LSD use with the creative process.
Concerns about the drug's long-term health effects led to LSD being included in the list of prohibited substances of 1971 UN Convention on Psychotropic Substances.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
The Android Developer's Guide to Better Typography
Rod Sheeter Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 5, 2017
…
Typography can make a big difference in the attractiveness and usability of an app, and now Android developers can use typefaces from the Google Fonts catalog. It's simple, efficient, and opens up a range of new typographic options.
Every developer knows that design plays a major role in user experience—it can be a critical factor in the success or failure of your app. Still, there's always the temptation to use default fonts, whether to push ahead with a release, to sidestep the complexity of integrating custom fonts, or just to avoid the seemingly arcane art of type selection.
Luckily, Android Studio has made it easier to build an app with distinctive typography using the new “Downloadable Fonts” feature. This feature puts the full Google Fonts catalog at your fingertips and makes it easy to customize typography on JellyBean and later (SDK level 16+) with free, reliable, high-quality Google Fonts.
Beyond aesthetic improvements, using downloadable fonts can also reduce the overall size of APK files, and decrease memory usage, because downloaded fonts will be shared among all applications. Your APK will be smaller because it doesn't need to bundle the fonts upfront. Once a font is downloaded from Google Fonts for one app, Android keeps it on disk so other apps can use it too without any additional storage. Just like our web API, which serves fonts directly to websites, the more that people use Google Fonts, the greater the latency gains from sharing.
In this tutorial, we'll improve the typography of a sample application by switching out the standard font for something with a more distinctive and dynamic range of styles from the Google Fonts catalog. We'll use a typeface called Alegreya, which is known as a “super family” because it offers a wide range of styles, weights, and variants. Using a super family means we will have plenty of typographic options to fine tune the appearance of our interface.
The app we'll work with is Plaid, by Nick Butcher, which is a scrollable feed of Material Design related news articles. These are presented as full-bleed tiles, which you can tap or click to expand into a ‘dribble' page with favoriting and stats for ‘likes' and ‘views.'
This tutorial is intended for developers, but it also explains some of the “why” decisions behind the design, so hold on to both hats!
Before We Get Started
Install Android Studio 3.0, then clone the “Plaid” project from Github and checkout b76937, the version we'll be using for this tutorial:
git clone https://github.com/rsheeter/plaid.git;
cd plaid;
git checkout b76937;
Now open the project in Android Studio 3.0.
In order to use the Google Fonts provider, you must have Google Play Services version 12+ installed. If you're working with a device that's set up to receive updates, you can skip ahead; but if you're using an emulator launched through Android Studio, it might be using an older version of Google Play Services. To update the Android Virtual Device from Android Studio, follow these steps.
1. Create a virtual device (Tools > Android > AVD Manager) with Play Store, indicated by the icon in the Play Store column:
2. Start a virtual device in Android Studio. To open the “Extended Controls,” on the right side of the emulator screen, tap or click the final ... icon at the bottom of the vertical button panel:
3. Select Google Play and check the version number. If you're running 11.2 or lower, tap or click the Update button. This should take you to the Play Store, where you should then tap or click its green Update button:
4. Now that you've updated to version 11.2 or higher, the device will support downloadable fonts.
Update the About Page
First, let's update the About page. The “body text” paragraph in the lower half of the page is currently set in Roboto Regular, a sans font, while the title (in the top half) is set in Roboto Mono Regular. Let's switch it to the serif typeface Alegreya, an energetic, contemporary design with a dynamic and varied rhythm inspired by calligraphic letterforms. The Alegreya type system is a “super family,” originally intended for literature, and includes serif and sans-serif sister families.
The title text serves as a “hero image,” a large graphic that leads people into the page and sets an emotional tone. This uses the title's letterforms as a “mask” that cuts out the mint green foreground so an image can peek through from behind. Switching from Roboto Mono Regular to Alegreya Black will provide a larger surface area for that image to shine through.
Style the “About Activity” text
Since the “About Activity” text currently calls for the “default” text style, Roboto Regular, we'll have to set another one manually:
Open app/src/main/res/layout/about_plaid.xml Select the Design tab In the Component Tree panel, open about_description In the Attributes panel, open the fontFamily dropdown and select More Fonts… (You may have to click View all attributes to see fontFamily ) Select family Alegreya Select style Regular
Follow steps 1–6 to style the “About Activity” text
Android Studio has configured our app to retrieve the font from the Google Fonts ‘provider.' In order to do so, it made a number of changes to our source tree:
app/src/main/res/font/ (learn more)
This new directory contains XML files describing font resources. In this case, it gives instructions for loading a Typeface from the Google Fonts Provider.
app/src/main/res/values/font_certs.xml (learn more)
To ensure that font requests are only answered by trusted parties, this file specifies the signature of the font provider.
app/src/main/res/values/preloaded_fonts.xml (learn more)
This is a list of fonts to load early in application startup. Corrected 4/12/2018; previously erroneously indicated these fonts load at install time.
app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml: <meta-data android:name="fontProviderRequests" android:value="Lobster"/>:
This is a list of fonts the Google Fonts provider will try to load at app install (or update) time.
You can see a sample diff for this step in commit a1e711c.
Update the cutout text view
The text style is currently Roboto Mono Regular. Let's change it by continuing where we left off in the previous step:
7. In the Design view, select “CutoutTextView”
8. Open the “fontFamily” dropdown and select “More Fonts…”
9. Select family “Alegreya”
10. Select style “Black”
11. (For step 11, see below)
Follow steps 7–11 to update the CutoutTextView
If you tried this right now, the font would still be Roboto Regular, not Alegreya Black. The reason is that declarative fonts are fetched asynchronously by default (learn more.) On completion, the system will try to update the font of a TextView using setTypeface, but this will fail because CutoutTextView does not extend TextView.
However, CutoutTextView does implement the fontFamily property (here). If we mark the font fetch as blocking, then the fontFamily will be ready when we ask for it. If we don't mark it as blocking, the value returned for fontFamily won't be usable yet. (We could also code async fetch ourselves, but let's save that for later.)
11. Open app/src/main/res/font/alegreya.xml and alegreya-black.xml , then append this attribute to the end of the <font-family> elements:
app:fontProviderFetchStrategy=”blocking”
Now try it out! (You can see a sample diff for this step at commit f1c997)
Update text-size
Take a look at the “About” text. It's grey on a somewhat lighter grey background. Alegreya is a serif typeface with high ‘stroke modulation,' meaning that its letterforms vary widely from their thickest to their thinnest points. Somewhat counterintuitively, this leads to lower visual contrast overall. Fine variations in a letterform can make it appear blurry, especially at small sizes.
To mitigate this issue, let's increase the text-size of the paragraph from 16sp to 18sp . This will increase the apparent contrast of the text against its background.
The TextView for about_plaid.xml uses a style called TextAppearance.About . To change the text size from 16sp to 18sp , edit this section of app/src/main/res/values/styles.xml :
You can see a sample diff for this step at github.com/rsheeter/plaid/commit/4dda25
Update the App Title
Next, we'll change the title of our app by fetching a font programmatically. The title is currently set in Roboto with the OpenType “small caps” feature applied. We've also used extra ‘tracking' to space out the letters.
(This detail is borrowed from a convention of book typography, where chapter titles are often printed in small caps along the tops of pages. To learn more about typography, check out the book Shaping Text by Jan Middendorp.)
Async fetch will fail because Toolbar isn't a TextView, just as CutoutTextView is not. Also, Toolbar doesn't implement the fontFamily property, so we can't just set blocking to fix it.
Instead, let's try fetching and assigning the font programmatically. In app/src/main/java/io/plaidapp/ui/HomeActivity.java use FontsContractCompat (reference) to request the font by following these four steps.
1. We'll need a thread to await arrival of the font. Declare a variable to hold it:
private Handler fontHandler;
2. Add a method to manage the font handling thread:
3. Add a method to apply a Typeface (reference) to the Toolbar:
4. In onCreate , launch an async fetch from the font provider:
Switch to Alegreya Sans SC Black
Reviewing the main page, notice that the title looks a little too thin. Like many serif typefaces, Alegreya's highly modulated strokes lead to lower visual contrast, especially when when compared to the average sans-serif.
Luckily, Alegreya is a “super family” with both serif and sans varieties in a range of weights. Pairing these two fonts and using different weights can give structure to an interface, delineating UI from content. Let's try Alegreya Sans Small Caps (SC.)
The small caps variant of Alegreya is inherently smaller, but we can correct for this by increasing its weight. Let's try the Black (900) weight.
Copy res/font/alegreya.xml to create res/font/font/alegreya_sans_sc_black.xml Edit alegreya_sans_sc_black.xml to change app:fontProviderQuery to name=Alegreya Sans SC&weight=900 Edit res/values/preloaded_fonts.xml to add the new font:
4. Specify the new query in HomeActivity.java :
Change Alegreya Black to Bold
Take another look at the title on the main page
The Black weight is a little too strong here, so let's dial it down to Bold (700.)
Rename alegreya_sans_sc_black.xml to alegreya_sans_sc_bold.xml and edit to change app:fontProviderQuery to name=Alegreya Sans SC&weight=700 In HomeActivity.java update the query:
You can see a sample diff for the final state of the app (using Alegreya Sans SC Bold) at commit ac55478. See how your project compares.
Update Dribble View
To get to the “dribble” view in the app, tap or click a card on the main screen. Again, let's replace Roboto Mono Regular with Alegreya Black.
In app/src/main/res/layout/dribbble_shot_title.xml , notice that the title and description are styled using @style/TextAppearance.DribbbleShotTitle and @style/TextAppearance.DribbbleShotDescription . Find these in app/src/main/res/values/styles.xml (hint: Ctrl+Click.) Now change the font:
You can see a sample diff for this at commit 0e53b56.
Change Numeral Styles
There's just one more thing to improve on the “dribble” view.
The “likes” and “views” buttons use what are called “old style” numerals. These are designed to blend in with lowercase latin letters in paragraphs of text. But on their own, old style numerals look out of place because their descenders sometimes hang below the baseline of the other text.
Instead, let's use the lnum feature. This tells the app to use “lining” numerals, which are more familiar looking because they are designed to be the same height as capital letters. (Learn more from our friends at Typekit)
Looking at app/src/main/res/layout/dribbble_shot_description.xml we can see that the “likes” and “views” counters are styled by @style/Widget.Plaid.InlineActionButton .
Find @style/Widget.Plaid.InlineActionButton in app/src/main/res/values/styles.xml (hint: Ctrl+Click.)
Now add an instruction to use lining numbers for these counters:
You can see a sample diff for this at commit 4dda25.
Conclusion
After applying these simple changes, my fork of the Plaid app now has more striking and functional typography drawn from Google's library of free, open-source fonts. With Android's new Downloadable Fonts feature, you can use anything in the Google Fonts directory to customize typography in your app. As you've seen in this tutorial, just a few changes can make a real difference in legibility and user experience. We're excited to see what you do!
NBN usage fee will burn consumers: iiNet
The nation's third-ranked broadband provider iiNet has warned that consumers could be slugged higher internet access charges unless the company building the national broadband network (NBN) drastically reduces the cost of its contro­versial usage fee.
Describing the NBN usage fee as a “tax on consumption”, iiNet chief executive David Buckingham said the charge needed to be reduced.
“This usage charge is hurting us,” Mr Buckingham told The Australian. “It's a tax on consumption and if it continues we will have no choice but to recover that cost.”
The usage charge is paid by ­retail service providers such as iiNet and Telstra for a chunk of capacity to carry data through the NBN and is on top of a monthly connection fee that ­providers pay for each user they connect.
NBN Co is considering ways to overhaul the controversial charge, but no final decision has been made.
“We want our customers to enjoy the NBN speeds and use more content, but when we can deliver that content at a tenth of the cost then where's the incentive to move our customers to the NBN?” Mr Buckingham said.
His comments came as iiNet cracked the $1 billion revenue mark for the first time.
In the 12 months to June 30, iiNet added 40,000 broadband subscribers to help push profit to $65.8 million on the back of a 7 per cent increase in revenue to $1.006bn.
iiNet now has more than 40,000 subscribers on the NBN, half of which were new additions in the past 12 months.
But for iiNet to continue to capitalise on new broadband growth, Mr Buckingham said, the government had to get on with its job of rolling out the NBN.
“I am sick of waiting,” Mr Buckingham said. “They need to speed up the operational rollout, speed up negotiations … and they need to unleash the plan they have put in front of us.”
iiNet said it now controls a 20 per cent market share of all NBN services, comprising a 26 per cent share in greenfield areas and 19 per cent in brownfield sites. By moving off-net customers (those connected to Telstra infrastructure) on to the NBN, Mr Buckingham said, iiNet was able to increase its margins and revenue.
However, the company was losing money when it transferred its on-net customers (those connected to iiNet infrastructure) to the NBN.
Improving the margins of its broadband customers has seen earnings at iiNet increase 9 per cent to $196m. That means the telco's earnings are growing ­faster than revenue.
iiNet's revenue from corporate and business customers also showed strong signs of growth, revenue for the division increasing 11 per cent to $204m.
The company declared a fully franked final dividend of 13c a share, making a total dividend for the year of 22c, up 16 per cent on the previous year.
This article originally appeared in The Australian.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
If you haven't yet, I would definitely check out Plaster. Plaster is a PowerShell scaffolding module. What that means for you is that its an easy way to keep your modules and functions consistent and following best practices. Its fully customizable and you can get started in just a few minutes.
The Good Stuff:
Go check out plaster, a template-based file and project generator written in PowerShell. Plaster Project Page
Installing
Plaster is completely open source and hosted on the PowerShell Team's Github. We can grab the most recent version from the PowerShell gallery using the below command.
Install-Package -Name Plaster -Source PSGallery -Verbose -Force -ForceBootstrap
Exploring Commands
The first thing I do after installing a module is see what functions it has. Surprisingly, at the time of this writing, Plaster only has 4 commands.
C:\> Get-Command -Module Plaster CommandType Name Version Source ----------- ---- ------- ------ Function Get-PlasterTemplate 1.0.1 plaster Function Invoke-Plaster 1.0.1 plaster Function New-PlasterManifest 1.0.1 plaster Function Test-PlasterManifest 1.0.1 plaster
The Default Plaster Template
Lets start with our only Get command in the module. Running this cmdlet on a fresh install, returns only the default Plaster Template.
PS C:\> Get-PlasterTemplate Title : New PowerShell Manifest Module Author : Plaster Version : 1.0.0 Description : Creates files for a simple, non-shared PowerShell manifest module. Tags : { Module, ModuleManifest } TemplatePath : C:\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules\plaster\1.0.1\Templates\NewPowerShellManifestModule
Lets try to use this template to create our fist module. We can start Plaster by running the Invoke-Plaster cmdlet with the path to our template and a destination.
$plasterDest = 'C:\temp' $defaultTemplate = Get-PlasterTemplate | Where -Object -FilterScript { $PSItem .Title -eq 'New PowerShell Manifest Module' } Invoke-Plaster -TemplatePath $defaultTemplate .TemplatePath -DestinationPath $plasterDest \MyFirstPlasterModule -Verbose
Running the Invoke-Plaster cmdlet starts a wizard. By default you're prompted for the module name, version, if you want to include pester tests (you know you should) and if you want a to include a VSCode folder.
Here is the structure that Plaster created based on our answers.
Since we chose to include pester tests, this test folder and and test.ps1 file were also created.
Creating our own Plaster templates
Ok thats not too bad, but this isn't exactly what I use. How can we customize Plaster to get what we want? Lets take a look at New-PlasterManifest
Examining a manifest and its schema
Essentially a manifest can be broken into 3 parts.
Metadata - This is information about the template Parameters - These will be presented as prompts to your users Content - What is actually going to be created using those parameters
Metadata
Metadata is information about the Plaster template itself. We can create this section of the manifest by using the New-PlasterManifest cmdlet. Lets go ahead and create our first manifest. One important thing to note is the path name must end in either PlasterManifest.xml or PlasterManifest_<culture-name>.xml.
$manifestProperties = @ { Path = "C:\Temp\PlasterManifest.xml" Title = "DC Custom Plaster Template" TemplateName = 'MyCustomPlasterTemplate' TemplateVersion = '0.0.1' Author = 'David Christian' } New-PlasterManifest @manifestProperties
The cmdlet produced the below XML. Notice how the parameters and content sections are both empty.
PS C:\Temp> cat .\PlasterManifest.xml <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?> <plasterManifest schemaVersion= "1.0" xmlns= "http://www.microsoft.com/schemas/PowerShell/Plaster/v1" > <metadata> <name> MyCustomPlasterTemplate </name> <id> 7ed96752-fc70-4346-8861-d2373d530181 </id> <version> 0.0.1 </version> <title> DC Custom Plaster Template </title> <description></description> <author> David Christian </author> <tags></tags> </metadata> <parameters></parameters> <content></content> </plasterManifest>
Parameters
Lets start looking at the parameter section. One parameter I'm going to need for sure is the module name. I want Plaster to prompt the user for this name and a brief description of the module. We'll use this information later on in the manifest.
<parameter name= "ModuleName" type= "text" prompt= "Name of your module" /> <parameter name= "ModuleDesc" type= "text" prompt= "Brief description on this module" />
We can also create default values for our text parameters. Here's an example for the new modules' version number. Don't worry about having to leave information about the default value, Plaster will automatically place it in parenthesis after your message.
<parameter name= "ModuleVersion" type= "text" prompt= "Version number" default= '0.0.0.1' />
There's two other special data types. We can use user-fullname and user-email . What makes these special is they check the local machine's Git config for values. If it finds them, it will prompt with them as default.
<parameter name= "ModuleAuthor" type= "user-fullname" prompt= "Author" />
The next thing I wanted to do is create my folder structure for modules. When working with modules locally I like to keep all functions and classes in their own PS1 files. I also create a folder for binaries and data if needed. To get these options in Plaster, you can use the multichoice switch.
<parameter name= "FunctionFolders" type= "multichoice" prompt= "Please select folders to include" default= '0,1,2' > <choice label= "&Public" help= "Adds a public folder to module root" value= "Public" /> <choice label= "&Internal" help= "Adds a internal folder to module root" value= "Internal" /> <choice label= "&Classes" help= "Adds a classes folder to module root" value= "Classes" /> <choice label= "&Binaries" help= "Adds a binaries folder to module root" value= "Binaries" /> <choice label= "&Data" help= "Adds a data folder to module root" value= "Data" /> </parameter>
Finally I wanted the option to include pester tests. Notice the default of yes (hint hint).
<parameter name= "Pester" type= "choice" prompt= "Include Pester Tests?" default= '0' > <choice label= "&Yes" help= "Adds a Ester folder" value= "Yes" /> <choice label= "&No" help= "Does not add a Ester folder" value= "No" /> </parameter>
Content
The final section is the content section. Content tells Plaster what actions to take based on our parameters.
First thing we needed to do was create our PSM1 and PSD1. For the PSD1, I'm using the built-in Plaster command of newModuleManifest. For the PSM1, I have a generic template that i use to load up my functions and classes.
<newModuleManifest destination= '${PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleName}.psd1' moduleVersion= '$PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleVersion' rootModule= '${PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleName}.psm1' author= '$PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleAuthor' description= '$PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleDesc' /> <file source= 'template.psm1' destination= '${PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleName}.psm1' />
This is what the generic PSM1 file looks like. This template is stored with my Plaster manifest.
$functionFolders = @ ( 'Public' , 'Internal' , 'Classes' ) ForEach ( $folder in $functionFolders ) { $folderPath = Join-Path -Path $PSScriptRoot -ChildPath $folder If ( Test-Path -Path $folderPath ) { Write-Verbose -Message "Importing from $folder " $functions = Get-ChildItem -Path $folderPath -Filter '*.ps1' ForEach ( $function in $functions ) { Write-Verbose -Message " Importing $( $function .BaseName ) " . $( $function .FullName ) } } } $publicFunctions = ( Get-ChildItem -Path " $PSScriptRoot \Public" -Filter '*.ps1' ) .BaseName Export-ModuleMember -Function $publicFunctions
Next we need to create the folders the user selected. I first start by displaying a message to the user telling them what step we are on. Plaster has an optional property called condition. Condition is just a scriptblock. If the scriptblock evaluates to $true , the action will be taken. What's really cool is Plaster will auto create the variables for you. Any variable from a parameter can be referenced via $PLASTER_PARAM_YourVariableNameHere . In the below example, I check if the $PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionFolders variable has an entry for the folder. If it does, it gets created.
<message> Creating you folders for module: $PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleName </message> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionFolders -contains "Public"' destination= 'Public\' source= '' /> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionFolders -contains "Internal"' destination= 'Internal\' source= '' /> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionFolders -contains "Classes"' destination= 'Classes\' source= '' /> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionFolders -contains "Binaries"' destination= 'Binaries\' source= '' /> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionFolders -contains "Data"' destination= 'Data\' source= '' />
If the user selected Pester tests, I wanted to create that folder, as well as include a basic Pester test file for their module.
<message condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_Pester -eq "Yes"' > Creating a Tests folder </message> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_Pester -eq "Yes"' destination= 'Tests\' source= '' /> <file condition= '$PLASTER_PARAM_Pester -eq "Yes"' destination= 'Tests\${PLASTER_PARAM_ModuleName}.tests.ps1' source= 'basicTest.ps1' />
Here's my basic test file. It was shamelessly stolen from Kevin Marquette's blog. He did an amazing write-up on creating a CI/CD pipeline that included this file. Its main purpose is to validate the all PowerShell files in the module are syntactically correct (can be parsed via the AST) and the module can be imported.
$moduleRoot = Resolve-Path " $PSScriptRoot \.." $moduleName = Split-Path $moduleRoot -Leaf Describe "General project validation: $moduleName " { $scripts = Get-ChildItem $moduleRoot -Include * .ps1, * .psm1, * .psd1 -Recurse # TestCases are splatted to the script so we need hashtables $testCase = $scripts | Foreach -Object { @ { file = $_ }} It "Script <file> should be valid powershell" -TestCases $testCase { param ( $file ) $file .fullname | Should Exist $contents = Get-Content -Path $file .fullname -ErrorAction Stop $errors = $null $null = [ System.Management.Automation.PSParser]::Tokenize ( $contents , [ ref] $errors ) $errors .Count | Should Be 0 } It "Module ' $moduleName ' can import cleanly" { { Import-Module ( Join-Path $moduleRoot " $moduleName .psm1" ) -force } | Should Not Throw } }
OK, moment of truth. With our new manifest and template files in place, it's time to run our manifest.
Sure enough it worked! Plaster took all of our parameters and created the below structure.
PS C:\Temp\DCPlasterModule> ls Directory: C:\Temp\DCPlasterModule Mode LastWriteTime Length Name ---- ------------- ------ ---- d----- 4/20/2017 7:21 PM Classes d----- 4/20/2017 7:21 PM Data d----- 4/20/2017 7:21 PM Internal d----- 4/20/2017 7:21 PM Public d----- 4/20/2017 7:21 PM Tests -a---- 4/20/2017 7:21 PM 3906 DCPlasterModule.psd1 -a---- 4/19/2017 7:12 PM 662 DCPlasterModule.psm1 PS C:\Temp\DCPlasterModule>
Using Token Replacement
Another very powerful feature of Plaster is its ability to use Template files and token replacement. To showcase these features i wanted to create another manifest. This time, I wanted to have a flexible function template that i could use to get started.
I'm going to skip the Metadata and Parameter section since nothing new is happening here. Instead focus on this new command TemplateFile .
<content> <templateFile source= 'functionTemplate.ps1' destination= '${PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionName}.ps1' /> <templateFile source= 'testsTemplate.ps1' destination= '${PLASTER_PARAM_FunctionName}.tests.ps1' /> </content>
A template file uses a combination of script blocks and token replacement. Scriptblocks in templates need to begin and end with <% and %> respectively. Its also important to note that these delimiters need to be the first characters on the line. What's neat is that you can include all the PowerShell logic you're used to inside these script blocks. Also remember you'll have full access to your Plaster Parameters. In the below example, I check if the user selected cmdlet based help. If they did, I'll inject this help snippet into the final file.
<% If ( $PLASTER_PARAM_Help -eq 'Yes' ) { @ " <# .Synopsis Short description .DESCRIPTION Long description .EXAMPLE Example of how to use this cmdlet #> " @ } %>
Here's another example of where we're we can change behavior depending on what the user selected.
<% if ( $PLASTER_PARAM_CmdletBinding -eq 'Simple' ) { @ " [CmdletBinding()] " @ } else { @ ' [CmdletBinding(DefaultParameterSetName=' Parameter Set 1 ', SupportsShouldProcess=$true, PositionalBinding=$false, HelpUri = ' http://www.microsoft.com/ ', ConfirmImpact=' Medium ')] ' @ } %>
To make things easier, I recommend creating a folder for each manifest you have. Here's what my final folder structure looks like.
C:. ├───Function │ functionTemplate.ps1 │ PlasterManifest.xml │ testsTemplate.ps1 │ └───Module basicTest.ps1 PlasterManifest.xml template.psm1
Wrapping up
Plaster is a fully customizable, incredibly powerful PowerShell scaffolding module. With a little bit of time and your existing PowerShell knowledge you can create clean templates to get new projects up and running quickly. For the completed module template covered in this article go Here. The complete function template can be found Here. Most importantly remember to go check out the Plaster Project for more information and full documentation.
Questions, questions, questions. Labour meets on the Mersey riviera under a cloud of questions. Shadow cabinet member Liam Byrne is on the billing for an event entitled: "How does Labour win back the middle?" His frontbench colleague Peter Hain will be chairing a session asking: "Are progressive alliances the key to Labour's future?" Another really good question will be discussed by two more shadow cabinet members, Douglas Alexander and Sadiq Khan. Their event is called: "Can Labour win in 2015?"
That they are debating this in the form of a question indicates that members of Labour's senior team are not terribly confident that the answer is a resounding yes. I remark on this not to mock them. It shows that there are some Labour people who do appreciate the scale of the challenge.
Many of their party still can't bear to face the facts. It is simply too painful for them to contemplate just what a disaster they suffered at the last election. Gordon Brown took Labour to its second-worst defeat since 1918, only just failing to beat the record set by Michael Foot in the "suicide note" election of 1983. It was especially bad in the south of England where, outside of London, Labour has just 10 MPs out of 212. That low base for recovery will be further depressed if the boundary changes, which hurt Labour most, go through. There is the additional threat that the rampant Nationalists in Scotland will translate their success at hammering Labour in Holyrood elections to beating them in Westminster seats as well.
Mr Alexander has made a contribution to The Purple Book, a collection of essays by Labour thinkers and politicians. The shadow foreign secretary notes: "Few parties ever manage to come away from a bad defeat, look hard at their record, and come up with something new and inspiring in a matter of four or five years. That is the scale of the task before the Labour party today."
And it is a challenge that has repeatedly crushed the party in the past. After the 1931 defeat, it was nine years before Labour ministers were back in the cabinet room and it took Hitler and the formation of a wartime coalition to get them there. They had to wait 14 years, to 1945, before there was another Labour prime minister. After the party's defeat in 1951, it was 13 long years before Labour returned to office. After being booted out in 1979, Labour didn't see office again for 18 even longer years. It has been an almost iron rule that Labour spends more than one term in opposition. The exception is Harold Wilson's return to power in 1974 after just three-and-a-half years of Ted Heath. Labour won, but without a Commons majority and having polled fewer votes than the Conservatives. That is not a terribly encouraging precedent either.
Whether Ed Miliband's Labour can break this historical pattern depends on finding the right answers to some other questions that the party ought to be asking itself in Liverpool. A very big one is: how do we regain credibility on the economy? Markets are convulsing, unemployment is rising and the International Monetary Fund has downgraded its forecast for British growth and advised flexibility on the coalition's austerity programme.
Labour is bound to claim vindication for its view that the government is cutting too far, too fast. It is easy to think that, if Britain slides into another recession, the next election ought to be Labour's to lose. Easy and also highly risky. Labour would be rash to work on the basis that economic woe is in itself enough to guarantee that the pendulum of power will swing back. "We would make a profound error if we assumed that," says one member of the shadow cabinet.
The coalition's economic judgment is being daily tested by events, but voters continue to place more of the blame for the pain on the last government than they do on the current one. There are some disturbing warnings for Labour in a pamphlet published by Policy Network and written by Patrick Diamond, a former adviser to Gordon Brown, and the Labour peer, Giles Radice. Drawing on polling and qualitative research, they conclude that Labour is failing to connect with disillusioned voters. "This mood of disengagement is especially bad for Labour, since parties of the centre-left depend on creating a climate of hope and optimism about the future. If voters come to believe that little can be done by governments, then the main beneficiary is likely to be the Conservative party, whatever their record in office."
In the interview with Ed Miliband which we publish elsewhere in today's Observer, the Labour leader concedes that "we've got further to go" on the "big job" of persuading people that Labour can be trusted again with the nation's finances.
That is enmeshed with another question which goes to Labour's very soul: what is the social democratic offer when there is no money? Protracted austerity will require even more rigorous thinking from Labour about how it reimagines the party's purpose in straitened times. Voters are going to be deeply sceptical of anyone who promises to create a New Jerusalem, especially if there is any suggestion that the building work is going to be paid for on a credit card. In his interview with us, Mr Miliband makes a spending pledge by announcing that a Labour government would cut the top level of tuition fees from £9,000 to £6,000. That would be paid for, he says, from a mixture of increased contributions from higher earning graduates and taxes on the financial sector.
That sounds good, it generates a nice headline for the opening of his conference, and it places him on the side of students against greedy bankers. But however tough you are on bankers – I'm all for some of that – you can't spend taxes on the City more than once. The question remains: what is the purpose of Labour government when there's no cash?
Mr Miliband's answer to all these questions is that we are now on "fresh terrain" in which historical precedents do not apply and "old debates" about how Labour should position itself have become irrelevant. Why he thinks that is explained by an essay in the latest issue of the New Statesman by Stewart Wood, one of the Labour leader's most senior advisers. He writes: "Britain in 2011 is witnessing the death throes of the neoliberal ideology that has dominated Britain for more than 30 years." When I quoted this to Mr Miliband, he replied that he was going to say something very similar in his conference speech, "but in slightly more comprehensible language maybe. The neoliberal death throes are not going to be in my speech, I promise you".
He believes that the latest crisis of capitalism has shattered the economic settlement established by Margaret Thatcher and largely continued under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. The idea is that the reckless irresponsibility of some at the top of society has opened space for Labour to pull the country leftwards. Of course, he doesn't put it quite like that. He insists it is not a shift to the left, preferring to say he is establishing "a radical, new centre-ground". But it is clear that this is to the left of where Mr Blair and Mr Brown believed the centre-ground to be.
The Labour leader is not wrong to think that voters are scared by economic insecurity and resentful of those who brought it about. The big, big problem for Labour is that fear and loathing of what unrestrained markets can do hasn't made voters any more enamoured of the state. It is quite possible to hold both thoughts in your head at the same time: over-mighty markets can't be trusted and neither can over-weening governments. Polling commissioned by the thinktank Demos in the immediate aftermath of the last election found that more than one in four of voters who abandoned Labour saw government as "part of the problem, not the solution".
Many on the left initially assumed that the financial meltdown of 2008 had to work to their political benefit; it just had to be good for the left, its ideas and values because of the monumental scale of the market failure. Yet that crisis has since mutated into another crisis about national debts and the incapacity of governments. Political deadlock in both the United States and Europe is not doing anything to restore public faith in the state. In most democracies, the economic emergency has not created a "leftwing moment". The recent return to power of social democrats in Denmark is a rare exception. The more common experience of centre-left parties – from Germany and Holland to Sweden, Finland and Portugal – is defeat.
So those of his critics who describe Ed Miliband as timid, unimaginative or directionless are not correct. The Labour leader does have a strategy and it is really rather breathtaking in the boldness with which it challenges both conventional wisdom and historical experience. Successfully moving Britain to the left, doing so from opposition at a time of austerity and pulling it off in just one term would be in defiance of both Labour's past record and the contemporary experience in other European democracies. Whatever you think of Ed Miliband's strategy, absolutely the wrong word for it is cautious.
Star Wars Battlefront's galaxy briefly went offline early this morning, and it came back slightly larger. EA and DICE added the Survivors of Endor map to Battlefront's Walker Assault, Supremacy, and Turning Point playlists as part of the game's March update, along with a new Survival Mission taking place on Tatooine's Rebel Depot.
This is the last of the free updates that DICE plotted out back in January. The Outer Rim DLC is expected to arrive later this month on its own and as part of the Season Pass, adding in several new maps, Star Cards, and Greedo and Nien Nunb as playable heroes. Three more paid expansions will arrive throughout this year and into early 2017.
Grand season pass plans aside, DICE likely has more free updates planned for the game - it's still putting out substantial updates for Battlefield 4 more than two years later - we just don't know what they will look like. Star Wars: The Force Awakens' John Boyega could go for a full story mode, and if it's good enough for FN-2187, it's good enough for me.
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sean Hannity taped a segment for his Fox show with Sean Spicer in January
Did Fox News collude with the Trump administration to spread a malicious lie?
That is the explosive allegation behind a lawsuit filed by Rod Wheeler, a former Fox contributor and police investigator.
The story is complicated.
Seth Rich was an ambitious 27-year-old who worked for the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Last summer he was murdered in Washington in what police think was a botched robbery attempt.
Surfing the tide of social media in the most febrile atmosphere Washington has known for decades, Sean Hannity of Fox News promoted a conspiracy theory about the death.
He claimed Rich was assassinated because he had shared classified information from Hillary Clinton's campaign with the website WikiLeaks.
This theory was taken up by Alex Jones of InfoWars, and former House speaker for the Republicans, Newt Gingrich.
Image copyright Democratic National Congress Image caption Fox News retracted its story linking the death of Seth Rich to the leak of information to WikiLeaks
Gingrich went on Fox News to say: "It wasn't the Russians [who hacked the DNC's emails]. It was this young guy who was disgusted by the corruption of the DNC".
Why would Hannity and Gingrich advance this view? To hurt the reputation of Hillary Clinton and distract attention from claims that the Trump White House was in cahoots with Vladimir Putin's Kremlin.
Fox News later retracted the story with the admission that the story was not "subjected to the high degree of editorial scrutiny we require for all our reporting".
Hannity only abandoned his pursuit of the conspiracy when Rich's parents asked that their son's name not be continuously dishonoured.
A presidential link
All this would be shocking enough, frankly, but things are so far gone in Trump's Washington that this story has inevitably developed further still.
Wheeler's lawsuit alleges that Sean Spicer, former spokesman to the president, not only knew about Fox's story, but shared it with the president - who encouraged Fox to run with it.
This despite the fact that on the day of publication - 16 May - Spicer told journalists he was "not aware" of it.
Ed Butowsky, a Republican donor and Fox contributor, sent Rod Wheeler a text message saying: "Not to add any more pressure but the President just read the article. He wants the article out immediately. It's now all up to you."
Butowsky says this text message was a joke.
All the defendants in this case vehemently deny Wheeler's allegations. They are: 21st Century Fox; Fox News Channel, Fox News reporter Malia Zimmerman; and Ed Butowsky.
More on Trump and the media
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The cartoons capturing the imagination of Trump's conservative base
Whether funny or not, and whatever the veracity of the allegations, we can already conclude the following.
First, Spicer appears to have been confused or economical with the truth. The first rule of working in communications is - don't lie. Spicer may have had the toughest job of any press officer in history; but he has now admitted to meeting Butowsky and Wheeler on 20 April, when he was informed of the story, so his plea of ignorance on 16 May is demonstrably false.
Second, by any professional or moral standards, the exploitation by Fox News of a 27-year-old's death to seed a now widely-shared conspiracy theory, on the basis of zero evidence, is a disgrace.
Third, we have re-confirmed how modern media works. Fox News is an enabler of alternative news media.
The way broadcasting works is, you need pictures and sound to tell stories. With Fox devoting resources and so much airtime to the theories surrounding the murder of Seth Rich, the likes of Jones's InfoWars had plenty of material to work with.
Playing together
But there is one respect in which I don't share the shock of other journalists at this story - the fact that Spicer was informed of it.
Obviously if he was economical with the truth that is a different matter.
However, it is in the nature of political journalism that government apparatchiks develop close links, and spend time with, friendly journalists and media outlets.
This happens all the time in Britain too, of course. Political journalists will patronise the pubs of Westminster with special advisers and ministers. They develop a certain intimate reciprocity. It's a form of clientism - gossip, tidbits and genuine revelations are shared on the understanding that favourable coverage may be received in return.
And yes, prime ministers have been known to encourage advisers to encourage journalists to take a particular line.
Put like that, it sounds seedy, doesn't it? Of course, many of the greatest political journalists are those who have nothing whatsoever to do with this kind of clientism.
Yet in the normal course of events, it is unsurprising that Trump's press spokesman would have been told of various stories that Fox was cooking up.
After all, as Republican David Frum once put it: "Republicans originally thought that Fox worked for us, and now we're discovering we work for Fox."
Perhaps, if he were a man of immense moral standing, Spicer would have said at that 20 April meeting with Butowsky that it's not the business of journalists to spread pernicious falsehoods. Who knows, maybe he did.
Is this collusion, as pundits everywhere are suggesting? As so often, the etymology is instructive.
"Collusion" comes from the Latin for "col", meaning "together" and "ludere", meaning "to play".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hannity promoted a conspiracy theory about the death of 27-year old Seth Rich
Republicans and Fox News play and work together all the time.
If you want an example of collusion as in playing together, rather than alight on Spicer being kept informed about various Fox conspiracies, look at the comically sycophantic chat Hannity conducted with Donald Trump Junior about his meeting with a Russian lawyer.
Granted the chance to interrogate the president's son about contacts with foreign individuals seeking to influence the election of the most powerful person in the world, Hannity forfeited the chance to do a proper interrogation, playing the role of the supportive activist instead.
Fox News may boast of the "high degree of editorial scrutiny" they apply, but this conversation - let's not call it an interview - was wholly devoid of journalistic rigour, and designed to get the president's son out of a hole.
That's closer to my understanding of "collusion".
Hannity starts the interview with: "I will ask him every single question I can think of."
On the basis of what followed, and his insult to the memory of Seth Rich, Hannity isn't much of a thinker.
Barack Obama, according to Foreign Policy magazine, "has become George W Bush on steroids". Armed with a "kill list", the Nobel peace laureate now hosts "Tuesday terror" meetings at the White House to discuss targets of drone attacks in Pakistan and at least five other countries. The latest of these killed 17 people near the border with Afghanistan today .
Unlike the slacker Bush, who famously disdained specifics, Obama routinely deploys his Ivy League training in law. Many among the dozens of "suspected militants" massacred by drones in the last three days in northwestern Pakistan are likely to be innocent. Reports gathered by NGOs and Pakistani media about previous attacks speak of a collateral damage running into hundreds, and deepening anger and hostility to the United States. No matter: in Obama's legally watertight bureaucracy, drone attacks are not publicly acknowledged; or if they have to be, civilian deaths are flatly denied and all the adult dead categorised as "combatants".
Obama himself signed off on one execution knowing it would also kill innocent family members. He has also made it "legal" to execute Americans without trial and expanded their secret surveillance, preserved the CIA's renditions programme, violated his promise to close down Guantánamo Bay, and ruthlessly arraigned whistleblowers.
Not only is Cornel West, Obama's most prominent black intellectual supporter, appalled, but also the apparatchiks of Bush's imperial presidency such as former CIA director Michael Hayden. Perhaps it is time to ask again: who is Barack Obama? And how has Pakistan featured in his worldview? The first question now seems to have been settled too quickly, largely because of the literary power of Obama's speeches and writings. His memoir, Dreams From My Father, was quickened by the drama of the self-invented man from nowhere – the passionate striving, eloquent self-doubt and ambivalence that western literature, from Stendhal to Naipaul, has trained us to identify with a refined intellect and soul. Not surprisingly, Obama's careful self-presentation seduced some prominent literary fictionists, inviting comparisons to James Baldwin.
Later biographies of Obama, published after he became president, have complicated the picture of him as the possessor of diversely sourced identities (Kenya, Indonesia, Hawaii, Harvard). David Maraniss's new biography shows that at college the bright student from Hawaii's closest friends were Pakistanis, and he carried around a dog-eared copy of Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man.
But Obama also began early, as one girlfriend of his reported to her diary, to "strike out", "shedding encumbrances, old images". "Do you think I will be president of the United States?" he asked a slightly bemused Pakistani friend, who then witnessed "Obama slowly but carefully distancing himself from the Pakistanis as a necessary step in establishing his political identity".
"For years," Maraniss writes, "Obama seemed to share their attitudes as sophisticated outsiders who looked at politics from an international perspective. But to get to where he wanted … he had to change." Obama's Pakistani friend recalls: "The first shift I saw him undertaking was to view himself as an American in a much more fundamental way."
In an incorrigibly rightwing political culture, this obliged Obama to always appear tougher than his white opponents. During his 2008 presidential debates with John McCain, Obama often startled many of us with his threats to expand the war in Afghanistan to Pakistan. More disquietingly, he claimed the imprimatur of Henry Kissinger, who partnered Richard Nixon in the ravaging of Cambodia, paving the way for Pol Pot, while still devastating Vietnam.
It can't be said Obama didn't prepare us for his murderous spree in Pakistan. It is also true that drone warfare manifests the same pathologies – racial contempt, paranoia, blind faith in technology and the superstition of body counts – that undermined the US in Vietnam.
The White House has been used before to plot daily mayhem in some obscure, under-reported corner of the world. During the long bombing campaign named Rolling Thunder, President Lyndon Johnson personally chose targets in Indochina, believing that "carefully calculated doses of force could bring about desirable and predictable responses from Hanoi".
But of course "force", as James Baldwin pointed out during Kissinger and Nixon's last desperate assault on Indochina, "does not reveal to the victim the strength of his adversary. On the contrary, it reveals the weakness, even the panic of his adversary and this revelation invests the victim with patience".
The last US personnel in Vietnam had to be evacuated from the roof of the American embassy in Saigon, and this may yet be the fate of the western mission in Afghanistan. The Taliban, it is clear, won't be killed and mutilated into submission. A weak Pakistan, its rulers bribed and bullied into acquiescence, is the easier setting for a display of American firepower. In ways his Pakistani college friends couldn't have foreseen, their country now carries the burden of verifying Obama's extra-American manhood, especially at election time.
Obama was quick to say sorry to Poland last week for saying "Polish death camps" rather than "death camps in Poland" in a speech. But he refuses to apologise for the American air strikes that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November last year. Widespread public anger has forced Pakistan's government to block Nato's supply routes to Afghanistan; any hint of infirmity on the sensitive issue of sovereignty is likely to strengthen some of the country's nastiest extremists. Thus, the few possibilities of political stability in a battered country are now hostage to Obama's pre-election punitiveness.
Certainly, Obama's political and personal journey now evokes less uplifting literary comparisons. For, nearly four years after his ecstatically hailed ascension to the White House, Obama resembles Baldwin much less than he does Kipling and other uncertain children of empire who, as Ashis Nandy writes in The Intimate Enemy, replaced their early identifications with the weak with "an unending search for masculinity and status". These men saw both their victims and compatriots "as gullible children who must be impressed with conspicuous machismo"; and who suppressed their plural selves "for the sake of an imposed imperial identity – inauthentic and killing in its grandiosity".
"We're killin' 'em! We're killin' 'em all!" Bush exulted, according to Bob Woodward, during his last months in office. And now another man sits in the White House, surveying his own kill lists and plotting re-election, after having already pulled off the cruellest political hoax of our times.
• Follow Comment is free on Twitter @commentisfree is out in August
The Test That Cried Fail
Although this references Ruby, the principles are generic.
Let's start with a story.
Once there was a developer who was eager and new. He wrote a feature. He wrote a test. He ran the test suite. His test passed, and the feature seemed to work, but one test failed. Then it passed. His coworkers nodded sagely, "Yes", they said, "that happens sometimes." So he committed and carried on. Weeks later, he fixed a bug, and lo, the test failed once again, but he knew this test, it had a penchant for failure. So he carried on. That evening, news came from on high, there was a horrible flaw that must be fixed. He wrote a fix, and ran his tests. All but one test passed, but he knew this fickle test, and heeded it not. Eager to prove his worth, he deployed the code. When the clock struck midnight, every user account was deleted. There was much gnashing of teeth.
Hyperbole? Perhaps a little, indeterminate failures are costly. When taken seriously they rob us of time, and when ignored, they lull us into false security. So why do tests fail intermittently, and what can we do about it?
There are four major causes of undue headaches: time, external state, internal state, and unspecified behavior. By isolating our code from these, we can prevent many intermittent test failures.
Isolating Time
If a test depends on time, then time's passage may introduce unexpected results. Let's consider a simple function that returns the number of weekdays remaining this week.
def weekdays_remaining w = Date.today.wday # Sunday = 0, Saturday = 6 w < 5 ? 5 - w : 0 ends
So if today is Wednesday, then Thursday and Friday remain in this week.
We're using minitest here because it's simple, but the same principles apply to other frameworks
def test_weekdays_remaining remaining = weekdays_remaining assert_equal 2, remaining end
This test passes today, but will fail tomorrow, and then pass again next Wednesday. Although contrived, there are lots of situations where we may use Time.now or Date.today , for instance you might send out emails on Fridays, or prevent some operations on weekends.
To test time dependent code, you need to control time. Actually, you need to control Ruby's two clocks Time.now and Date.today . Controlling just one means that if your code, or any of your dependencies, call the other, you'll end up in a very strange world where Time.now.to_date no longer equals Date.today .
Luckily there are plenty of libraries that can help you isolate time.
Let's rewrite this test with ActiveSupport's time helper:
def test_weekdays_remaining_on_wednesday travel_to(Date.new(2015, 10, 7)) do remain = weekdays_remaining assert_equal 2, remaining end end
Now we have isolated our test from time, and if we run it on Thursday, the test will pass. Since we are now masters of time, we can easily add tests for other days like Saturday and Sunday.
Symptoms: Tests fail when run at specific times.
Solution: Control time in your tests.
Isolating External State
Time is also an external state, but it's so common we tackled it first.
Databases, file systems, and web services, are all external to your code, but can cause test failures if not controlled.
Consider this set of fictitious tests:
def test_items_should_have_names item = Item.find(13) assert !item.name.blank? end def test_destroying_items_is_logged Item.find(13).destroy assert LogEntry.where(item_id: 13, action: "destroyed").exists? end
If the tests execute in the order listed, and your database actually has an Item 13, the tests will pass. What happens if the tests run in the reverse order?
If you use ActiveRecord, you have probably never run into this problem. Let's consider why. By default, Rails runs every test in a database transaction, and then rolls that transaction back at the end of the test. So when test_destroying_items_is_logged finishes, Item 13 shows up again.
Your database is only one source of state, consider this insidious test:
def test_creating_users_increments_cached_user_count User.create! # Assume this increments "user_count" count = User.count cached_count = redis.get("user_count") assert_equal count, cached_count end
Run this test once, and it will pass. Run the test again, and you may see a message like Expected 1 to equal 2 . Although the database rolls back between tests, Redis is a separate system which does not roll back.
If the data you store in Redis is ephemeral, you can probably get away with clearing it after each test, and bring it back to a known state. In Rails you can achieve this with a setup hook:
setup do redis.flushdb end
In a similar vein, consider the file system. If your code interacts with the file system, you may run into some unexpected behavior. Imagine running this test:
def test_generating_reports = SampleReport.new report.run assert File.exist?("reports/sample.csv") end
What happens if you change SampleReport to generate JSON, and write to "reports/sample.json" instead? The test will continue to pass on your machine until you delete "reports/sample.csv" , but developers with a fresh checkout will see a failing test. In the simple case, you can just clean up after your test:
def test_generating_reports expected_path = "report/sample.csv" begin report = SampleReport.new report.run assert File.exist?(expected_path) ensure FileUtils.rm_f(expected_path) end end
Symptoms: Tests fail when run multiple times.
Solution: Reset servers or filesystem to a known good state.
In each of these cases, you own the source of the external state. It's your database or filesystem, so you can safely reset it to a known state. It is becoming increasingly common though to rely on third party services. If you're lucky the service may provide a developer sandbox for you to experiment with. Unfortunately, this makes for a poor testing situation.
Consider the following test:
def test_charging_customer_records_balance user = User.find(13) user.charge(10.00) # issues HTTP POST to example.com user.charge(20.00) # issues HTTP POST to example.com balance = user.balance assert_equal 30.00, balance end
What happens if this test is run twice? What happens if another developer runs this test while you run it? What if the service is down for maintenance?
Just as we controlled time, controlling the network can isolate your tests from this external state. Libraries such as WebMock allow you to declare what requests to make, and what responses they should yield. Instead of relying on the real service, you declare how the service should respond:
def test_charging_customer_records_balance stub_request(:post, "www.example.com/api/user/13/charge")) .to_return( {status: 200, body: '{id: 1, amount: 10.0}'}, {status: 200, body: '{id: 2, amount: 20.0}'} ) user = User.find(13) user.charge(10.00) # issues HTTP POST to example.com user.charge(20.00) # issues HTTP POST to example.com balance = user.balance assert_equal 30.00, balance end
Assuming the responses are realistic, you can now test your application's logic without relying on external state. This also makes testing failure cases simpler:
def test_balance_only_changes_on_successful_charges stub_request(:post, "www.example.com/api/user/13/charge")) .to_return( {status: 200, body: '{id: 1, amount: 10.0}'}, {status: 422 } ) user = User.find(13) user.charge(10.00) # issues HTTP POST to example.com user.charge("$30.00") # issues HTTP POST to example.com balance = user.balance assert_equal 10.00, balance end
Isolating tests from third party services avoids unpredictable behavior.
Symptoms: Tests fail when multiple people run them at the same time.
Solution: Mock out HTTP requests.
Isolating Internal State
Just because something is within the boundaries of your code, doesn't mean it can't introduce intermittent test failures. Here's an example of a failure we recently had a whole lot of fun tracking down.
It's a good idea to set limits, imagine you have a config file describing those limits. There's a simple way to test those limits, just create a bunch of things:
An item could be anything, use your imagination!
def test_items_have_a_limit max_item_count = MyApp::Application.config.limits.max_items max_item_count.times { Item.create! } assert_raises(LimitException) do Item.create! end end
Sooner or later, someone will gripe. Why spend several minutes creating tons of pointless objects? It would be more efficient to simply change the limit:
def test_items_have_a_limit MyApp::Application.config.limits.max_items = 1 Item.create! assert_raises(LimitException) do Item.create! end end
Brilliant! Now your tests run much more quickly. Except there's one problem. Other tests seem to randomly fail now. Unlike your database, Redis, or that web service you mocked out, MyApp::Application.config is shared global state, and by changing it in a test, you have changed it for all the tests run after it. This is a particularly sneaky cause of indeterminate failures because the new test will never fail.
This isn't just isolated to configuration data, you may also run into these types of issues if you change any object that persists outside of a given test case such as object caches or dynamically generated code.
To avoid this problem, you'll want to make sure you always set any shared state back. Here's a handy method you could use:
# Temporarily override an attribute def temporarily_set(object, attribute, new_value) # Store the original value old_value = object.send(attribute) begin # Set the new value, and yield to the test object.send("#{attribute}=", new_value) yield ensure # Ensure that the old value is replaced object.send("#{attribute}=", old_value) end end
Rewriting the test so that it doesn't pollute other tests is simple:
def test_items_have_a_limit temporarily_set(MyApp::Application.config.limits, :max_items, 1) do Item.create! assert_raises(LimitException) do Item.create! end end end
Alternatively, this is a great time to use a generalized mocking library like Mocha or FlexMock. Let's rewrite this test using Mocha's stub method to temporarily override the limit:
def test_items_have_a_limit MyApp::Application.config.limits.stubs(max_items: 1) Item.create! assert_raises(LimitException) do Item.create! end end
This might look similar to our initial test, but Mocha isolates these changes by tracking the objects it has modified, and undoing the magic at the end of each test.
Symptoms: Adding a test caused other tests to fail.
Solution: Isolate changes to objects that persist beyond the test.
Avoiding Unspecified Behavior
Most operations are specified. Asking your computer to add the integers 1 and 2 will result in 3, or at least it should. There are however operations that are valid, but unspecified. These are the source of some ridiculously intermittent failures.
Consider this simple test verifying that items send an email when marked done:
I've done this more times than I wish to admit.
def test_marking_item_done_sends_email item = Items.first item.done! sent = ActionMailer::Base.deliveries.present? assert sent, "Expected marking an item done to send an email" end
Run this a hundred times on your machine, and it may well pass. Run it on your build server, and maybe it fails. Perhaps most of the time the item fetched is not done, but once in a while it is already marked done, and no email is generated. How could this be? Well if you're using Postgres (or most SQL databases), it's because we didn't specify a sort order:
If sorting is not chosen, the rows will be returned in an unspecified order. PostgreSQL 9.4.5 Documentation
It happens to be that unspecified order order tends to be the insertion order. Things that "tend" to behave one way should set off alarm bells when writing tests.
There are a few ways to make our test more resilient. One is to be more specific, we want an item that is not done, so specify that:
def test_marking_item_done_sends_email item = Items.where(done: false).first # ... end
That's better, but it might be more clear to either use a fixture, or a test factory like Factory Girl. Both approaches help ensure you test a known object. Rails' fixture data lets you reference records by name, so you know exactly what you're getting:
def test_marking_item_done_sends_email item = items(:undone_item) # ... end
Test factories, like Factory Girl, make it easy to build records suited to your test:
def test_marking_item_done_sends_email item = create(:item, done: false) # ... end
Both approaches have merits, and most importantly, both help you avoid unspecified behavior.
Maybe we'll talk more about these later if you're interested.
A big theme in unspecified behavior is ordering, be it sorting records with non unique values, or the completion order of asynchronous jobs. If you can, make your tests resilient, or be explicit and avoid unspecified behavior all together.
Symptoms: Tests tend to pass in one environment, and fail in another.
Solution: Avoid unspecified behavior, especially ordering.
Recap
There are a lot of reasons why tests may fail one day, but not the next.
Isolate time when tests depend on the system clock.
Isolate resources you control by resetting them to a known good state.
Isolate resources you don't control by mocking them out.
Mock out changes to shared values (config, constants, etc.)
Prefer explicit tests, and avoid unspecified behavior.
These are just a few common causes of intermittent failures. If you're interested we can explore some more horrible examples in the future. Until then, do you have any favorite examples?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
"While I have never denied my sexuality, I haven't publicly acknowledged it either, until now," he said in his commentary. "So let me be clear: I'm proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me."
Read MoreCNBC's Next List: Apple's Tim Cook
He noted that being gay has provided a window into the challenges that people in other minority groups deal with every day.
"I don't consider myself an activist, but I realize how much I've benefited from the sacrifice of others," he wrote. "So if hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone to struggle to come to terms with who he or she is, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it's worth the trade-off with my own privacy."
Apple chairman Art Levinson responded to Cook's essay, calling him "courageous."
Read MoreTIm Cook's coming out is historic: Openly gay CEO
"[Cook's] decision to speak out will help advance the cause of equality and inclusion far beyond the business world. On behalf of the board and our entire company, we are incredibly proud to have Tim leading Apple," Levinson said in a statement.
Read Cook's full commentary here.
The newly published Encyclopedia of Black Comics (Fulcrum, 2017) is something the world has never seen before.
That's because nothing like it existed before Rider University professor Sheena C. Howard co-wrote and edited the literary ode to Black comic book creators and other noted African-American creatives.
“It's not just about comics,” said Howard, the first Black female winner of the Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards. “It's the history of journalism, history of print newspapers, history of online media and social media.”
The 280-page encyclopedia features over 100 short biographies on African-American artists and writers, including 1940s “Krazy Kat” comic creator George Herriman; Jackie Ormes, the first Black woman with a nationally syndicated cartoon; and “The Boondocks” creator Aaron McGruder, according to Newsworks.
The encyclopedia also celebrates comic convention creators like Yumy Odom of the East Coast Black Age of Comics Convention and Jason Richardson, creator of the anime and gaming convention J1-Con. Then there are artists who might not fit neatly into any one category but made notable achievements within Black comic book culture.
The topics explored in Howard's new encyclopedia illustrate “the astonishing power of comic books and graphic novels to reflect the diversity that defines the Black American experience,” literary critic and historian Henry Louis Gates, Jr. wrote in his forward.
Most, but not all, of the artists featured in Howard's book created political content with in-your-face themes about racial identity, Newsworks reported. The communications professor could not tackle the encyclopedia's various subjects all on her own, however. Howard said she coordinated a team of 50 writers to help assemble the featured biographies.
“Most of the entries in this book are written by people who knew the people they are writing about, or worked with the people. That ensured the accuracy of the content,” she said. “A lot of people who wrote the entries interviewed the people they wrote about.”
The Encyclopedia of Black Comics is now available for purchase at bookstores nationwide or online at Amazon.com.
Pastor Steven Anderson, whose hate knows no bounds, celebrated the deaths of 50 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando in a 4-minute mini-sermon that cited the Bible as justification for why they needed to die. (And if it didn't happen via a shooter, it should have happened by way of government execution.)
It's the most disturbing, hateful response to a mass shooting you'll ever hear, and it was provoked by Anderson's complete hatred of LGBT people.
[Edit: The original video was taken down by YouTube, but I uploaded a mirror.]
The good news is that there are 50 less pedophiles in this world, because, you know, these homosexuals are a bunch of disgusting perverts and pedophiles. That's who was a victim here, are a bunch of, just, disgusting homosexuals at a gay bar, okay? But the bad news is that this is now gonna be used, I'm sure, to push for gun control, where, you know, law-abiding normal Americans are not gonna be allowed to have guns for self-defense. And then I'm sure it's also gonna be used to push an agenda against so-called “hate speech.” So Bible-believing Christian preachers who preach what the Bible actually says about homosexuality — that it's vile, that it's disgusting, that they're reprobates — you know, we're gonna be blamed. Like, “It's all extremism! It's not just the Muslims, it's the Christians!” I'm sure that that's coming. I'm sure that people are gonna start attacking, you know, Bible-believing Christians now, because of what this guy did. I don't believe it's right for us to just be a vigilante… But I will say this: The Bible says that homosexuals should be put to death, in Leviticus 20:13. Obviously, it's not right for somebody to just, you know, shoot up the place, because that's not going through the proper channels. But these people all should have been killed, anyway, but they should have been killed through the proper channels, as in they should have been executed by a righteous government that would have tried them, convicted them, and saw them executed. Because, in Leviticus 20:13, God's perfect law, he put the death penalty on murder, and he also put the death penalty on homosexuality. That's what the Bible says, plain and simple. So, you know, the good news is that at least 50 of these pedophiles are not gonna be harming children anymore. The bad news is that a lot of the homos in the bar are still alive, so they're gonna continue to molest children and recruit people into their filthy homosexual lifestyle… … … I'm not sad about it, I'm not gonna cry about it. Because these… 50 people in a gay bar that got shot up, they were gonna die of AIDS, and syphilis, and whatever else. They were all gonna die early, anyway, because homosexuals have a 20-year shorter life-span than normal people, anyway…
It's not the first time Anderson has called for the execution of gay people. He also once said that, “if you executed the homos like God recommends,” the world would be AIDS-free very soon.
Smaug, the giant dragon threat in Peter Jackson's next “Hobbit” movie, is so massive that his movement can be mistaken for an earthquake.
The latest look at the upcoming Warner Bros. release features the band of dwarves looking for the entrance into their old stomping ground, Lonely Mountain, when they feel the ground start to shake beneath their feet.
See video: ‘The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug' Trailer: Dragons and Dreamy Orlando Bloom
“Was that an earthquake?” a member of the dragon-slaying party asks.
“That…was a dragon,” Balin (Ken Stott) answers.
While Bilbo (Martin Freeman) keeps Thorin (Richard Armitage) company as he attempts to reclaim his people's mountain kingdom, Gandalf the Grey (Ian McKellen) is about to walk into a trap, and Legolas (Orlando Bloom) joins his elf crush, Tauriel (Evangeline Lilly) in a fight he doesn't really want to fight.
“The Desolation of Smaug,” which stars Benedict Cumberbatch as the menacing voice of the title monster, arrives in theaters Dec. 13.
Watch the trailers above and below:
“Any woman who is sure of her own wits, is a match, at any time, for a man who is not sure of his own temper.” – Wilkie Collins
Contents:
1.) Introduction
2.) Male Ignorance
3.) Insecurity: A Basis for Feminine Indignance
4.) Cause & Effect vs Solipsistic Blame Attribution
5.) The Invalidity of Female Emotion & It's Frustrative Affectation
6.) Emotional Endurance
7.) In Closing
1.) Introduction:
You do not argue with women when you wish for them to comprehend, comply or agree. You cannot argue against woman's feelings, only manipulate them. Argument necessitates reason, but reason is ineffectual in conflict with women. In non-political matters, where a man will yield to superior logic, a woman will not. And so man must manipulate woman's emotions in a way that makes her cooperative, or he should not engage her at all.
If a woman is so entitled or indignant that you find yourself unable to escape her compulsion to argue, you would be wise to engage her as a Machiavellian rather than a logician. Man must remember that when lured into argument with a woman, he is at battle. The dispute at hand is Machiavellian, not rational; a game, not a civilised debate. The man who believes the argument is about mutual cooperation via the discovery of truth rather than the assuagement of the involved woman's emotional state, operates on a doomed axiom. A man's desire to problem-solve is fundamentally incompatible with a woman's desire for catharsis.
2.) Male Ignorance:
Men are quite wrongfully taught they should placate women's emotions, or engage in mind-numbingly futile attempts to reason with them. To do either is to forfeit power before conflict even begins. Such strategies are losing propositions. Man should neither placate nor reason with a distressed woman. But rather, he should be charming enough to keep conflict superficial. When argument cannot be avoided, he need be Machiavellian enough to belittle her. He should not under any uncertain circumstance argue back-and-forth with any degree of seriousness, for arguing against a woman's emotional state is as foolish as it is masochistic.
If conflict is unavoidable and reason impenetrable, all that is left is to assert dominance. This is man's only recourse when a woman is trying to dominate him psychologically with her emotions. Once her emotions have settled, it is wise to explain your reasoning and expectations as a way of guiding the woman, should you care for her. But only outside the confines of argument, never within the heat of it. Naturally, if the woman in question is insignificant, such paternal patience is unnecessary. Aftercare is discretionary.
3.) Insecurity: A Basis for Feminine Indignance:
When an argument begins, a woman's emotions ensure her uncooperativeness. When a woman stands on the precipice of dissatisfaction, her imperviousness to reason makes the mere concept of argument inane. The key to cooperation therefore lies in keeping her emotional state positive. Just as one would not build a dam for water in a volcano, they would be wise not to attempt reasoning with a distressed woman.
And yet a woman's feelings are quick to sour. Even the tamest critiques and concerns can result in ill feeling, largely by merit of woman's inability to handle such things. And so the trap of arguing with a woman is always there, should a man express himself without filtering himself. Often a man knows not how such benign comments result in such grave offence. But such unsophisticated sensitivity is intrinsic to femininity.
One would not be mistaken for thinking I am describing the insecure, rather than women per se, but then it would be disingenuous to assert that the vast majority of women are anything but insecure. So are these things traits of women, or traits of the insecure? I would say both. But then I would also assert that women are intrinsically insecure, and that many arguments take place because a woman is demanding her insecurity be assuaged in spite of the overwhelming importance of the issue at hand. Men who exhibit similar behaviours are likewise womanlike in their mental frailty.
4.) Cause & Effect vs Solipsistic Blame Attribution:
When you argue against a woman's feelings, you enter her frame by tacitly accepting the validity of her emotion's premise. Acknowledgement is all it takes to give the irrationality of her emotion credence, and therefore such acknowledgement should be avoided.
Much to our mutual annoyance, a woman's feelings are typically anything but valid. You see, to a woman, whatever she feels – in spite of why she feels it – is valid. Women care not for “the why” behind their feelings, but simply the fact that they are feeling. As such, the presence of a feeling is proof enough of its validity to a woman, in a sort of infinite solipsistic loop she intuits “the feeling exists, therefore, it is valid.”
If she feels a negative feeling, regardless of the reasonableness of your position, she will blame you for it. In this manner she disregards the importance of cause and effect, because such things are irrelevant to her emotion's solipsism. As cause and effect take place outside of the female mind, it is irrelevant to her. Solipsism cares not for abstraction.
Now while one could posit that blame qualifies as an investigation into the “why” of how she feels what she does, it really isn't. Because the blame given is entirely arbitrary by merit of its solipsistic nature. Owing to a lack of abstraction, it is simple blame attribution and affirmation for the self-perpetuation of her emotional state. It is not investigative in the cogent sense of the word.
If she were truly interested in “the why,” she feels what she does, she would look beyond blame, analyse her actions for wrong-doing and come to a reasoned judgement on if her feelings were a reasonable or unreasonable response. If she found them to be unreasonable, she would disregard them and show interest in solving the initial issue. She would do this, rather than allow her feelings to take precedence over the issue which triggered them. Of course, this is not how women work. It is the feeling born of the issue that takes priority, not the issue itself. A minority of women can do this retroactively, but I have known not a woman who can do this in the moment. Dare I say, none can.
5.) The Invalidity of Female Emotion & It's Frustrative Affectation:
Say a female colleague is making grave errors in her work and you give her suggestions on how to improve her technique. All too commonly, if suggestions were not given with great euphemism and diplomacy, you would cause offence. As such, you can see how easily the premise for a woman's feelings is flawed. Because it is not difficult to offend a woman, and neither does she needs a logical reason to be offended, feeling bad is offence enough. And intolerant to stress as women are, it is a laborious inadvertence that occurs with great frequency.
And so it is the woman's nature to constantly misdirect the man away from his criticisms and concerns, and rather, to vilify him for daring to infringe on the sanctity of her emotional well-being. Where man will endeavour to make his original point, stick to the point, have the point recognised and come to an arrangement over his concern; the woman cares only about how his point made her feel, not the point itself. Man doubles down on his reasoning, provoking more negative feeling in the woman; who in turn doubles down on the importance of her emotional state.
And so the woman will neither address the point, nor give the point much thought, much to the complete torture of the well-intentioned man. Naturally, this leads to endless frustration and only serves to further alienate the two parties. Women are quick to offend, quick to anger, and slow to reason even in the absence of hostility. Indeed, it is such traits that are often the cause of hostility. Whilst man wants to pursue what he believes to be a problem that needs addressing, the only problem worthy of addressal in a woman's mind is the maintenance of a positive emotional state. Whilst the man continues to attempt fixing the original issue, the woman becomes more annoyed her emotions are being ignored.
And so at such a crossroads, male and female nature is at odds. Man wants to pursue what he believes to be “the truth,” or “correct.” Whilst a woman wishes to maintain her emotional well-being at any cost. It is for these reasons we refer to women as “the most responsible teenager in the house.” They cannot cope with stress in the way that men can, and so they can neither reason nor argue as well as men can. Remember, one need not be the superior logician to win an argument, as the prowess in which women argue with stands testament, you merely need to be the more psychologically dominant.
An upset woman will dominate the frame of an interaction by maintaining your mutual focus on an indignant investigation of her feelings; particularly, the source of her feelings. And of course, in argument, it is you who is the undisputed stimulus for her negative feelings. In this frame of mind, absolutely nothing matters to a woman other than her need to understand her feelings and receive validation of their legitimacy. I am repeating this point with great frequency, but it is important it is internalised: your point is irrelevant to her if it elicits emotional discomfort.
6.) Emotional Endurance:
A woman does not care if she is “in the wrong,” has disobeyed or betrayed, for a creature who does not excel at logic is neither cogent nor appreciative of such a thing when upset. Even at the best of times, women struggle to balance reason with emotion. That's when they're trying. In argument, they're not even trying. She will not give in, solipsism sees to it that women are stubborn.
Arguments nourish women, they feed her emotionally. Bar the histrionic man, argument absolutely exhausts men. Not only that, but being the party far more privy to the realm of reason, it is likelier you will give in than it is she. Her indignance will out-endure not only your reason, but likewise, your desire to even advocate for yourself.
If you get angry, your anger will be used to immediately invalidate your disagreement whilst simultaneously validating the credibility of her histrionics. Your anger will be turned against you, you will be painted as the oppressor, and her, the victimised. You will be made to feel guilty for your anger. And then following from this premise, your anger will be used to retroactively scapegoat you for her unacceptable decorum.
The narrative put forth will be that it's your fault she's upset, even if it isn't. Even if you know with your full faculty of reason that such a thing is ridiculous; women do not care.
7.) In Closing:
It is not in your interest to work against her emotions, but rather, you should work in tandem with them. Leverage her emotions, change them so that they are conducive to rather than defiant of your goals. Know how to make her feel good, and her agreement will be yours. Argue against her emotions, and no matter how grand and well articulated your point, she will never agree. Equity and reasonableness are of minor relevance to a woman's emotional self-satisfaction. Women do not sacrifice their emotional well-being to do what is morally or reasonably right, but rather, they sacrifice what is morally or reasonably right as to fulfil their emotional needs.
By manipulating her feelings to something more beneficial to yourself, you can change her frame, or even pull her into yours. This is why when receptive, amused mastery is excellent. Arguing a woman's emotions with reason, as is man's predilection, is a losing proposition. For her emotions are far too visceral to be swayed by the passionlessness of reason, the heart cares not what the head thinks, and a truer thing could not be said for women.
The leaders of the “Calexit” movement, or Yes California, are going their separate ways. Signature-gathering slowed and donors fled amid negative publicity exploiting one organizer's ties to Russia. Now Californians will have to wait to take up secession.
Read more
It was never going to happen anyway, critics said. And while the Yes California campaign may have surprised many last years when it received state authorization to begin collecting signatures for ballot access, it all came to an anticlimactic end on Monday.
“For me, today, my ballot initiative petition drive came to an end,” Yes California leader Louis J. Marinelli wrote to supporters in an email Monday, according to the Sacramento Bee.
The campaign website has yet to be updated.
Yes California was in the middle of signature gathering, aiming to bring the issue of secession to voters on the November 2018 ballot.
If voters agreed to amend the state's constitution, removing text deeming the republic “inseparable” from the US and declaring the US Constitution to be the “law of the land,” then a follow-up vote to form their own country would take place in March 2019.
That schedule has now been thrown off at least a year, as the former vice president of Yes California, Marcus Ruiz Evans, told the Bee that a similar group he has since joined, the California Freedom Coalition, plans to file new paperwork for ballot access by May 1.
READ MORE: ‘Calexit': Yes California movement opens ‘embassy' in Moscow
Ruiz Evans split from Marinelli last week, and Marinelli announced in his email that he would be seeking permanent residence in Russia. Marinelli, whose wife is Russian, lived there during the Yes California campaign, moving to the Urals city of Yekaterinburg to teach English, but this connection to Russia was poisonous to the Calexit effort. That was especially the case following the election of President Donald Trump, who lost the Golden State by over 4 million votes, and who continues to be the object of protests calling for tax records amid accusations that Russia engineered his victory.
Read more
Ruiz Evans said fears that Russian President Vladimir Putin was somehow behind Calexit drove away donors and supporters.
“People got scared,” he told the Bee. “They got spooked by what they saw on the news and pulled out.”
Marinelli will stay on as president of Yes California. Meanwhile, other groups in California are pursuing similar goals, albeit through conflicting strategies. There is the liberal-leaning California National Party, which seeks gradual change over many years, and there is also a decades-old push not for secession but instead for California to split up into more states united under the US Constitution.
None of these efforts are taken all that seriously by the establishment in California or elsewhere, but a state with a population of 38 million to only 120 legislators and unfunded public pension programs has some problems that may be difficult to solve conventionally.
The Star Wars Rebels characters are unintentionally perfectly suited for the animated Disney Infinity figure style. For Disney Infinity 3.0 you will be able to own figures for Zeb, Kanan, Ezra and Sabine, but you won't be able to purchase all of them at any one single store.
Multiple online retailer listings have confirmed that each of the four-Star Wars Rebels Disney Infinity 3.0 figures will be exclusive to individual retail stores both online and in-store. The retail exclusive breakdown is Sabine (Target), Kanan (Walmart), Zeb (GameStop) and Ezra (Toys R Us). Currently three of the four are available for online pre-order and linked below, and there's no telling what the quantity availability will be so a pre-order plays into the “better safe than sorry” mantra.
I confirmed at E3 that all four of the Star Wars Rebels Disney Infinity 3.0 figures will be available when the game launches on its as-of-yet announced release date. The anticipated Disney Infinity 3.0 Starter Pack release date is late August or early September at the absolute latest. It will be available in stores ahead of Skylanders SuperChargers and LEGO Dimensions.
Disney Infinity 3.0-Star Wars Rebels Online Pre-Order Locations
Pre-order Sabine at Target.com for $13.99 (free shipping on orders over $25)
Pre-order Zeb at GameStop.com for $14.99 (free shipping on orders over $25 or in-store pickup)
Pre-order Kanan at Walmart.com for $13.96 (free shipping or in-store pickup)
Pre-order Ezra at ToysRUs.com (link coming soon)
The average ObamaCare premium rose to $408 per month for 2016 plans, about a 9 percent increase from this time last year, according to a new report from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
However, 83 percent of ObamaCare enrollees pay far less than $408 because they get tax credits under the healthcare law. The average tax credit for 2016 is $294, meaning that the average share of the premiums that enrollees have to pay is $113. That is up $8 from the $105 people paid on average last year.
The size of the financial assistance from the government in turn increased as the overall premium level rose. The average tax credit increased from $268 to $294 per month.
Premium increases for certain plans in some states were far higher, as much as 40 percent. But the report released Thursday shows that on average premium increases were less than that, and tax credits helped reduce the burden even more.
The administration touted the tax credits as showing that plans are affordable, as the Jan. 31 deadline to sign up for 2016 coverage nears, and officials also emphasized that people can save money by actively shopping around for the best plan.
“There are just 10 days left until the end of Open Enrollment for 2016 coverage and consumers should know that prices are affordable and it's not too late to shop for the best plan,” HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell Sylvia Mary Mathews BurwellWhy Trump will win the wall fight Price was a disaster for HHS — Time for an administrator, not an ideologue Overnight Healthcare: GOP chairman to introduce pre-existing condition bill MORE said in a statement. “People coming to the Marketplace for coverage are active, engaged and shopping to save money.”
Thursday's HHS report did not include information on the average deductible. High deductibles in ObamaCare plans have been highlighted by Republicans, and liberal advocacy groups are calling for action.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE has proposed a new $5,000 tax credit to help people with out-of-pocket costs like deductibles, on top of the financial assistance ObamaCare already provides.
The numbers in Thursday's report are also preliminary, given that more people are still enrolling ahead of the Jan. 31 deadline and that the numbers only cover the 38 states that use the federal HealthCare.gov system.
According to the the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, even many of the nation's leading medical institutions are losing the battle to protect patients from drug-resistant bacteria.
Angus the springer spaniel. CBS News
The superbugs cost the health care industry about $5 billion a year, but one hospital in Vancouver has come up with a canine solution, reports CBS News correspondent John Blackstone.
With his remarkable sense of smell, Angus the springer spaniel is on a mission to track down the most common kind of hospital superbug called Clostridium difficile or C. diff, which is considered a “hazard level urgent.”
“Their sense of smell is above and beyond anything we can even comprehend,” said dog trainer, Teresa Zurberg.
“C. Difficile is a bacterium. It forms spores so it can persist in our environment for long periods of time,” said Elizabeth Bryce of the Vancouver Coastal Health Infection Prevention and Control.
C. diff is caused by antibiotic use or contact with contaminated surfaces. It's highly contagious and sometimes deadly, causing half a million infections in the U.S. each year and killing 15,000 people. We can't see it with the naked eye, but Angus can smell it.
Angus sniffing hospital bed for superbugs. CBS News
“It will always be present in your hospital, so what you're trying to do is control it. That's where Angus comes into play,” Bryce said. “He's trained to detect C. difficile in the environment. The advantage for us is, if he alerts on something, then what we can do is additional targeted cleaning and we're going to couple it with our ultra-violet disinfection machines.”
Three years ago, Zurberg was training bomb and drug dogs when she contracted C. diff and nearly died. Her husband – a nurse at Vancouver General Hospital – suggested she try to train a dog to detect the superbug.
“I said, ‘if it's got an odor, I can train a dog to find it,'” Zurberg said.
So she did. And the hospital initiated a first-of-its-kind pilot program.
“They definitely thought it was out-of-the-box thinking. And it helped that Angus was kind of cute,” Zurberg said.
Zurberg brought Angus home when he was just 10 weeks old, and started training early.
Angus when he was a puppy.
“Even on the way home I had started training him just by throwing kibble out in the grass and giving him a search command. So he started associating using his nose with getting rewards. We then paired the odor with it, so he learned to associate the C. diff odor with his toy,” Zurberg said.
Angus' skills are tested in a room where the C. diff-positive odors are hidden. Angus has a success rate that ranges between 95 and 100 percent. He's passed all his exams and will soon be working full time at Vancouver General.
CBS News
“In the medical field we can go to so many other things that we haven't probably even thought of yet,” Zurberg said.
“There's an analogy that we can perhaps smell a teaspoon of sugar in our coffee or tea and he can smell a teaspoon in an Olympic-sized swimming pool. So that's how exquisitely sensitive they are,” Bryce said.
Angus is believed to be the only dog of his kind, but not for long. His brother Dodger will be next, and Zurberg said she's been getting inquiries from hospitals around the world.
”We're happy to help anybody try and get their own C. Diff dog,” Zurberg said. “What we can use them for, it's only limited by our imagination.”
Media playback is not supported on this device Capello speaks out on Terry decision
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has defended Fabio Capello's criticism of the Football Association's ousting of England captain John Terry.
Terry, 31, was stripped of the armband pending his trial in July over alleged racial abuse of QPR's Anton Ferdinand.
On Sunday, Capello said he "absolutely" did not agree with the decision.
Players' Union boss Gordon Taylor said England coach Capello's criticism was "bizarre" but Ferguson said: "There's nothing wrong with having an opinion."
Terry remains eligible for selection, despite losing the captaincy.
But Ferguson added: "I think what will happen in the next few days is there will have to be a coming together of the FA hierarchy and Fabio Capello because he's the team manager, he has the importance of that position.
"Without question the most important person at a football club is the manager."
It was widely accepted that England coach Fabio Capello was unhappy at the FA's decision to strip John Terry of the captaincy - but to go public with his concerns may be regarded by the hierarchy as unhelpful and likely to prolong the debate. The FA will not, however, be going back on the decision so Capello must accept it and move on if England's preparations for Euro 2012 are to progress with any degree of calmness. And of course, Capello's public loyalty and faith in his deposed captain may also be seen as undermining the credibility of his eventual successor.
However, Taylor, who is the Professional Footballers' Association chief, told BBC sports news correspondent Dan Roan: "I cannot understand why he [Capello] came out so blatantly against the decision.
"I don't know what purpose it serves... it means there's not the right atmosphere conducive to a successful tournament [the European Championship in June and July].
"It asks a question of the unity of the FA and makes it difficult for whoever takes over the captaincy.
"The FA's decision was made to take the heat out of the situation, which has festered. It was a decision to focus on the football.
"And if the FA thought that was best for the team you would expect the manager to go with that."
Sports minister Hugh Robertson has backed the FA, no matter what the consequences.
"The FA had a difficult decision to make and took the right decision," he told Sky Sports News.
"If the consequence of that is the manager [and] John Terry walk away, I would regret both of those two things enormously, but so be it."
On Sunday, England manager Capello told Italy's state broadcaster RAI he did not believe someone should be punished by sporting authorities before a court had reached a verdict.
"I thought it was right that Terry should keep the captain's armband," the 65-year-old Italian said.
"I have spoken to the [FA] chairman and I have said that in my opinion one cannot be punished until it is official and the court - a non-sport court, a civil court - had made a decision to decide if John Terry has done what he is accused of."
AND THE SURVEY SAYS... More than three-quarters of fans surveyed by a university backed the decision to strip John Terry of the England captaincy. Staffordshire University surveyed 1,000 visitors to a range of football websites. As well as 78% backing the FA's decision over Terry, 34% believed he should be in England's Euro 2012 squad. Steven Gerrard was the firm favourite to take over as captain, with 44%, followed by Scott Parker 12% and Joe Hart 9%. 87% of respondents to the university's survey at www.topfan.co.uk were male, while researchers say all parts of the country were represented.
Capello, whose first game in charge was on 6 February, 2008 against Switzerland, is set to meet FA chairman David Bernstein this week, but it is understood that the Italian is keen to remain in charge for Euro 2012, which takes place in Poland and Ukraine this summer.
Davies, who left the FA a year and a half before Capello was hired, added: "There is strong leadership now at the FA from David Bernstein.
"Last week, he wasn't slow to take things forward and he may not be slow to do so now."
Davies told the BBC that the former Real Madrid and AC Milan manager's outspoken actions have frustrated his employer.
"My understanding - and I've talked to one or two very senior people at the FA in the last 24 hours - is that this matter with Capello is regarded very seriously," he said.
"He may well have breached his contract. There is a view that publicly this sort of matter shouldn't be aired in this sort of way.
"It will be for others to know the fine print of Capello's contract and I suspect people will look at it."
Image caption Earvin "Magic" Johnson and his associates plan to pay $2bn for LA Dodgers
The LA Dodgers baseball club is to be sold to a consortium that includes the former basketball star Magic Johnson.
The club and owner Frank McCourt said they planned to sell the team and Dodger Stadium for $2bn (£1.25bn) to Guggenheim Baseball Management LLC.
The sale could help the club to emerge from bankruptcy.
Mr McCourt and some affiliates of the buyers will also form a joint venture to buy the surrounding property and car parks for $150m.
The deal is subject to approval in a federal bankruptcy court.
The business - one of the most prestigious franchises in sport - has been overseen by a bankruptcy court since June.
That followed a move in April last year by Major League Baseball, the sport's ruling body, to take over the day-to-day running of the club following questions about its financing and a fight for ownership between Mr McCourt and his former wife Jamie.
Debt
Mr McCourt bought the team in 2004 from the Fox division of News Corporation for $430m. The deal also gave him ownership of Dodger Stadium and 250 acres of land that included the car parks.
The team's debt stood at $579m as of January 2012.
The sale announcement came shortly after Major League Baseball owners had approved three bidders for an auction of the team which was expected to start later on Wednesday.
Mr McCourt said: "This agreement with Guggenheim reflects both the strength and future potential of the Los Angeles Dodgers, and assures that the Dodgers will have new ownership with deep local roots."
Earvin "Magic" Johnson, 52, played 13 seasons for the Los Angeles Lakers, winning five NBA championships and three Most Valuable Player awards.
He retired from the NBA in 1991 after being diagnosed with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, before returning to the game and eventually retiring for good in 1996.
News Corporation's Fox Sports unit and Time Warner Cable are now expected to battle for the rights to screen the team's games.
Coward (noun): “a person who shows shameful lack of courage or fortitude.”
That definition comes from thefreedictionary.com. Alongside it should be a picture of Pittsburgh Penguins forward James Neal. Neal, now in his sixth NHL season, has recently cemented himself as one of the dirtiest players in the NHL. There is no denying that he's a talented player. Over the past three seasons, only Steven Stamkos and Alexander Ovechkin scored at a better goal-per-game clip. However, his questionable hits are overshadowing his accomplishments and demonstrating his complete lack of respect for fellow NHL players.
Neal has now been suspended three different times, and fined once. Let's walk through each of those (and one other) plays and break them down
Hit From Behind on Derek Dorsett (November 19th, 2009)
In the first incident, we see the puck sitting at Derek Dorsett's feet as a number of players are battling for the puck. Dorsett is facing the boards for a few seconds as James Neal skates in and delivers a hit from behind. Dorsett does not turn at the last second or put himself in a sudden vulnerable position. Neal could see his numbers the entire way, yet he decided to deliver the hit anyway. The ugly result of Dorsett being knocked unconscious could have been avoided by Neal wrapping Dorsett up and pinning him against the boards instead of delivering a hit square in the numbers. James Neal was suspended two games for this incident.
Hit on Petr Prucha (February 13th, 2010)
Next, we see Petr Prucha make a routine dump-in into the offensive zone. As he is along the boards, James Neal comes along and finishes his check. Normally, finishing his check that soon after Prucha had gotten rid of the puck would be fine. The dirty part about this hit is that Neal made Prucha's head the principal point of contact of the check. He was in perfect position to deliver a hard, clean shoulder-on-shoulder check. But, you can see him wind up his shoulder/elbow and drive it into Prucha's head, smashing his head into the glass and knocking him unconscious.
It is difficult to see whether the elbow or shoulder makes contact with Prucha, but it is clear that Neal winds up his upper body and delivers the hit with Prucha's head as the point of contact. Surprisingly, he was not suspended for the incident.
Hits on Sean Couturier & Claude Giroux (April 15th, 2012)
In the next incident, we see Neal make two dangerous plays on the same shift. The first is a hit on Sean Couturier, where it is clear that Neal leaves his feet and launches himself to make contact. There are two problems with this hit. The first is that Couturier had lost possession for the puck long enough that he should not have expected to be hit by someone “finishing their check”. The second is that he clearly leaves his feet before contact is made. In many cases, it appears a player leaves their feet, but in reality they are sent airborne as a result of the collision. This is not the case here. James Neal clearly leaves his feet to make a late hit on a player that does not have the puck.
On the second hit, Neal attempts to deliver a hit on Claude Giroux. In this case, Giroux is in possession of the puck, and Neal is in position to deliver a clean, hard check in open ice. Instead, he leaves his feet before he makes any contact with Giroux, and leads with his arms and elbows out in the direction of Giroux's head. He had the ability to deliver a good hit, but deliberately left his feet and targeted Giroux's head with the hit. Neal was suspended one game for the two combined incidents.
Knee on Brad Marchand (December 7th, 2013)
Of all the incidents Neal has had, this one is by far the worst. With Brad Marchand down on the ice, James Neal skates by him and delivers a knee square to the side of Marchand's head. After the game, this is what Neal had to say about the incident:
“I was skating by him,” Neal said, noting he had not seen a replay of his hit, which resulted in a minor penalty for kneeing. “I hit him in the head with my leg or my foot or my knee or my shin area; I don't know. He went down. I guess I need to try and avoid him.”
This incident, more than any other, demonstrates why James Neal is the dirtiest player in the NHL. Despite the fact that there is video evidence of Neal looking down to see Marchand on the ice, and changing his path of direction to direct his knee into Marchand's head, he claims he did nothing intentionally. As you probably know, later in the game, Shawn Thornton punched Brooks Orpik and knocked him out. After the game, Thornton was reportedly in tears about what he did. Neal showed no remorse.
In terms of intent, I would wager what Neal did was worse than what Thornton did. In all of my years of watching hockey, never before had I seen a player intentionally knee another player in the head while he was on the ice. While the result of Thornton's actions (a suckerpunch with his glove on) had a very unfortunate result, it was a play that happens fairly regularly in the NHL. Enforcers Chris Neil and Jay Rosehill agree:
“That's worse to me than Thornton,” Neil said of Neal. “He deliberately goes with a knee to the head and that starts the whole thing. Shawn is not a guy like that, either, so something must have happened.”
Bruce Castor was selected to run AG's office while Kathleen Kane faces perjury trial and raises the ire of advocates for sex abuse victims
The state of Pennsylvania has been rocked in recent times by sex abuse scandals in which the powerful are accused of having exploited the vulnerable.
Catholic priests have been found to have preyed on children. Penn State University blighted by the vile proclivities of the sports coach Jerry Sandusky against young boys. Bill Cosby facing criminal charges in the state for an alleged sexual assault of Andrea Constand – who worked at his Pennsylvania alma mater, Temple University.
Now a lawyer who has played a key role in each of these cases has quietly emerged as a leading official in the state, to the dismay of victims' advocates.
“He has taken repeated positions that are against the interests of victims, and he has done it knowing full well that it would be interpreted that way,” said Marci Hamilton, a constitutional law professor at the University of Pennsylvania, who has represented one of Sandusky's victims and testified on proposed clergy sex abuse reforms.
Bruce L Castor Jr isn't the attorney general of Pennsylvania, but he's the closest thing to it right now.
Castor, first deputy attorney general, has been running the Pennsylvania attorney general's office over the past few months, while attorney general Kathleen Kane faces a perjury trial and has had her law license suspended.
Castor is best known for declining to prosecute Bill Cosby a decade ago in the Constand case when he was the district attorney in that county. He lost an election battle for Montgomery County district attorney last year, in a race that centered on his handling of the Cosby case. After the Democrat Kevin Steele took office, he promptly prosecuted Cosby.
But in April, Kane, an elected Democrat, selected Castor, a Republican, to run her office, unelected, while she was professionally impotent.
What followed were a series of other decisions that raised the ire of advocates.
In April he recommended against appealing the dismissal of charges against former Penn State leaders accused of covering up Sandusky's sex abuse scandal. The case promised not only to hold the state's largest university, based in State College, to account over the scandal but also to reveal, perhaps definitively, what Sandusky's legendary late boss, Joe Paterno, knew. But the case, which has dragged on interminably, is now on the verge of collapse.
In June, Castor testified against a state reform proposal to help past victims of Catholic priests sue the pedophiles and the church. He claimed the proposal was unconstitutional, dealing a sharp blow that helped defeat the reform bill.
Hamilton, a constitutional law professor at the University of Pennsylvania who testified in favor of the bill, described as particularly “jarring” Castor's stance against the legislation, which had been recommended in a statewide grand jury report presented with fanfare by Kane in March.
The grand jury report detailed monstrous abuse and coverups in the Altoona-Johnstown diocese and ongoing investigations there and in other dioceses. It argued that time limits for lawsuits should be abolished or suspended to allow a window for victims silenced for decades.
Kane herself had told senators: “I am begging you to pass that bill immediately.”
In response to a request for comment, a spokesman for Castor, Jeffrey A Johnson, said: “Solicitor general Castor makes legal decisions based on the law and the evidence, whether those decisions are popular are not.”
“[Castor] gives opinions on what the law is, not what he wants it to be, and he applies those opinions to his decisions, whether he likes the outcome or not,” he added.
But victims' advocates are outraged.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bill Cosby departs the Montgomery County courthouse after a hearing on 7 July 2016, in Norristown, Pennsylvania. Photograph: Dominick Reuter/AFP/Getty Images
“I'm very concerned with the decisions that he has made thus far,” said Maureen Cislo, founder of Justice4PAkids, a campaign group against child sexual abuse.
“When you look at the Sandusky situation, the scandals in the archdioceses and now Bill Cosby, you would think that with everything our state has been through we would want to come out of that as top dog in the country for taking strong action to protect victims. That's not what I'm seeing,” she added.
“It's never a coincidence when a public official makes repeated decisions against sexual assault victims. To chose three times in a row, when the public is watching closely, it's ensuring that survivors stay in their place,” Hamilton said.
Earlier this year, Castor's handling of the Cosby case threatened to derail the prosecution again, when Cosby's lawyers moved to dismiss criminal charges based on the claim that Castor had promised in 2005 to shield Cosby from future prosecution relating to Constand if he agreed to testify in the civil case. The judge rejected the motion, and the trial is expected to go forward.
Meanwhile, Castor is now being sued by Constand for allegedly attacking her credibility in statements to the media about her case.
Dolores Troiani, Andrea Constand's long-time lawyer, lambasted Castor not just for his original decision not to prosecute, but also for failing to inform Constand of that decision at the time.
“We were notified by the press. It was totally inappropriate, obviously we had an issue with the way he treated Andrea,” she said.
If Kane is convicted in the perjury trial that starts 8 August, Castor will remain effectively in charge for the rest of the year.
“Castor is basically an unelected attorney general. It's preposterous,” said Bruce Ledewitz, a law professor at Pittsburgh's Duquesne University, who added that he thought Kane was at grave risk of being convicted.
He said he was flabbergasted at the spectacle of Kane, a rare female Democrat in that post and a “greatly admired” rising star once tipped as a potential state governor, plunging from grace. And, on the way down, substituting Castor, a Republican with Cosby baggage, to run her office.
But he cautioned against interpreting Castor's legal moves as a pattern of bias against rape victims.
“The law protects everyone and often the way it's designed it ends up looking to the public as if it insufficiently protects the innocent. There's no easy answer to whether he was insensitive to the needs of victims,” he said.
He added that a request to the state supreme court to review the decision in the Sandusky coverup case would likely have been rebuffed. But if Castor had made a point of trying, it would at least have sent a positive signal to victims. “That case is a catastrophe,” he said.
Overall, Ledewitz said, it's been a tough time for the reputation of Pennsylvania – especially with scandals dragging out for decades in an atmosphere of denial. But the underlying problems were not unique to the state.
“You're talking about wider issues of victims being brushed off with callousness and a public that was not interested in hearing about egregious abuse and hush-ups,” he said. “We are dealing with the fallout from these scandals here but the value of so much coming to light now is that it shows the progress that has been made – and the further progress we still need.”
Supreme Council members of the ruling Saenuri Party meet in the party headquarters in Yeouido, western Seoul, on Monday to discuss how to respond to the impeachment motion slated for voting on Dec. 9. [NEWSIS]
A conscience vote will be allowed ruling party lawmakers Friday when the National Assembly votes on a motion to impeach President Park Geun-hye.“All Saenuri lawmakers must attend the impeachment vote on Friday and vote based on their own conscience,” said Rep. Chung Jin-suk, floor leader of the ruling party, after meeting with party chairman Lee Jung-hyun. “Chairman Lee also agreed to the conscience vote.”Chung said the party will hold a general assembly of lawmakers Tuesday morning to officially decide the position on whether to vote or not.Following an abuse of power and influence-peddling scandal involving President Park's close friend and associates, a motion to impeach Park over a series of alleged violations of the Constitution and criminal laws was sponsored by 171 opposition and independent lawmakers and submitted to the National Assembly on Saturday. A secret vote on the motion will take place Friday.“If the impeachment voting takes place on Friday as scheduled, it is my consistent belief that all Saenuri lawmakers must attend and cast votes based on their consciences,” Chung said.Chung also said a schism in the party has made it impossible to negotiate the Saenuri Party's stance with the opposition parties. The ruling party previously adopted a party line that Park must resign at the end of April and a presidential election be held in June, which would likely give it more time to prepare for the election.“Because the non-Park-loyalists of the Saenuri Party and the opposition parties are unyieldingly heading toward impeachment, we must decide our position at tomorrow's general assembly of lawmakers,” he said.Jolted by the largest-ever public protests across the nation on Saturday, a group of non-Park-loyalists decided Sunday to participate in Friday's impeachment vote, retracting their earlier support for the April resignation and June presidential election. Last week, they issued an ultimatum to Park that she must make public her position by 6 p.m. on Wednesday, urging her to immediately surrender control over the government and step down on April 30, 2017.After 2.32 million people took to the streets nationwide on Saturday, the highest in Korean history, 29 lawmakers from the group discussed the situation for more than four hours and made the decision that they will join the impeachment vote regardless of Park's position.Support of the non-Park loyalists in the Saenuri Party is crucial because passing a presidential impeachment motion requires at least 200 votes in the 300-member National Assembly. The three opposition parties and independent lawmakers together have 172 votes.The non-Park loyalists' group, known as the Crisis Management Council, forecast that enough lawmakers will support the impeachment on Friday.“It is my estimate that more than 40 of us will support it,” said Rep. Kim Jae-gyeong in a radio interview on Monday. Kim is in charge of the council's general operation.“We started collecting signatures, but suspended it because we didn't want to box in the members too much. Based on the signatures collected so far and past discussions, it is my assessment that 40 or more of us will vote for impeachment.“This is a matter that will decide the country's destiny,” he said. “Because each lawmaker is an institution representing the voters, a consensus is spreading that we must respect the people's will, even though it may differ from our individual thought. Unless there is an invisible hand controlling the situation, there will be more votes for impeachment than we expect now.”Kim, however, said it will be a tough decision for lawmakers representing districts in Daegu, Busan and Gyeongsang provinces, the traditional political stronghold of the conservatives and the president.“Lawmakers of the capital region are less burdened, but lawmakers from those regions, including myself, are more sensitive to the voters' sentiments in the constituencies,” he admitted. “Many residents ask us if we have to impeach the president when she says she will resign. It is a dilemma, but we decided to respect the nation's will.” Rep. Hwang Young-cheul, spokesman for the council, said in a radio interview that 35 lawmakers from the Saenuri Party will support impeachment. “I sent text messages to inquire their intentions and confirmed 35 votes,” he said. “More than three lawmakers from the pro-Park faction individually contacted me [to express their support].”As the countdown began for the impeachment vote, opposition parties also concentrated their efforts to ensure the passage of the motion. The Minjoo Party of Korea decided to hold a 100-hour stretch of speeches, with its lawmakers taking turns, and daily candlelight vigils at the National Assembly.The People's Party also decided to hold meetings inside the National Assembly to urge non-Park-loyalists of the Saenuri Party to support impeachment. “If impeachment is voted down, the rage of the candlelight protesters will torch the National Assembly,” Rep. Park Jie-won, acting head of the party, said.The opposition parties also warned that President Park may try another way to turn around the situation, such as a press conference or another public message.Park made a series of public statements to address the influence-peddling scandal threatening her presidency. The third and latest was issued on Nov. 29. Park said she wanted the ruling and opposition parties to decide her fate, including a plan to shorten her presidential term.That statement persuaded the non-Park-loyalists to change their initial support for impeachment, but they quickly reversed their position after more than 2 million protesters attended Saturday's rallies.Speculation is growing that Park may issue another statement this week before the impeachment vote, but the Blue House remains silent as of Monday afternoon.BY SER MYO-JA [ser.myoja@joongang.co.kr]
Demba Ba: Interest from Chelsea ahead of the January transfer window
Ba has a £7million release clause in his contract which becomes active when the transfer window re-opens.
The striker has shown some excellent form this season and already has 13 goals to his name this term.
This has seen a host of clubs linked with a possible move, including Arsenal, Tottenham, QPR and French giants Paris Saint Germain.
Now Chelsea is reported to have moved into pole position after Sky Sports sources confirmed talks were due to take place between Ba's representatives and the European champions on Sunday.
Chelsea manager Rafa Benitez refused to be drawn on reports linking the Senegal striker, 27, with a move to west London.
Speaking after the 2-1 win at Everton, he said: "We don't talk about this business, we had a very important game today."
Union leaders were meeting today to co-ordinate their response to the government's spending cuts and explore the possibility of staging mass strikes.
The TUC also announced a major march and rally in London on 26 March to protest against the cuts and highlight the damage being caused to public services.
The discussions come ahead of rallies in London and Manchester this weekend in protest at job losses and increases in tuition fees.
Representing workers in both the public and private sectors, the union leaders are meeting at a time when tighter public spending is beginning to translate into staff reductions.
Liverpool city council has announced plans to axe 1,500 jobs as it seeks to make £141m worth of savings by 2013.
The GMB union said local authorities had announced or threatened more than 145,000 job losses. Around 285 councils still have to make decisions on how to cope with fewer financial resources.
Co-ordinated industrial action against proposed job losses is one course of action being examined. Mark Serwotka, the general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services (PCS) union, said before the meeting: "I hope we'll make good progress towards greater co-ordination between the unions.
"While strike action is always a last resort, it would be the result of the government's refusal to change course and its political choice to press ahead with unnecessary and hugely damaging cuts. It's logical that any industrial action is always more effective if more people are involved and that's what I'll be saying today."
The Association of Teachers and Lecturers is already preparing to ballot its members for industrial action against proposed pension changes and the PCS union is involved in a long-running dispute over compensation payments for civil servants who lose their job.
At the rally in Manchester tomorrow, the TUC assistant general secretary Kay Carberry will warn that the opportunities of young people in the UK must not be sacrificed.
"We will not let young people pay the price for the government's reckless gamble with the economy," she will say, according to extracts of her speech released in advance of the event.
"In the City bankers are popping champagne corks and celebrating their bonuses. It's business as usual for them, while young people up and down Britain are being forced to pick up the tab for a financial crisis and recession that they didn't cause. Nearly one million young people are unemployed, with one in five young people now out of work."
The cabinet office minister, Francis Maude, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that he hoped confrontation could be avoided.
"I would like to see us moving to a position where unions instead of sort of looking for a fight approach that Mark Serwotka illustrates, we move to a position much more like that which exists on the continent where unions see themselves as social partners working together with the government as much as possible," he said.
"On a lot of the continent there is a very different approach that unions take which is not any the less concerned with protecting and promoting the interests of their members but which is done very much more in partnership."
Ah, campaign season. A time when truth takes a back seat to political expediency, when there seems to be a competition in the establishment to create the biggest, most ridiculous lies and make them stick through repetition and selective reporting.
Folks, if there's a way of measuring it, we may have a new world record.
Today, in response to the 22.4 point blowout in New Hampshire, establishment Democrats went for the nuclear option. J. Todd Rutherford, South Carolina House Democratic leader, accused Sanders of having a “thin” record on African American social justice, claiming that “he only really started talking about issues concerning African Americans in the last 40 days.”
Perhaps Mr. Rutherford has amnesia, or perhaps he's just in a bit of a panic after Cezar McKnight today became the sixth legislator in South Carolina to endorse Senator Sanders, all men of color. Regardless, it is impossible to accuse a man arrested for protesting segregation over fifty years ago, before the Civil Rights Act, of being a newcomer to issues of racial injustice.
A former New York NAACP president, Hazel Dukes, even went as far as to downplay the senator's participation in the March on Washington, saying “there were many people participating in that march, so what does that mean?” For one, it means that Sanders was actively participating in civil rights protests at a time when Hillary Clinton was working with Republican Barry Goldwater, a man who fought to protect segregation in Brown v. Board of Education by stating the importance of “the essential differences between men.”
Oddly, her time working for a Goldwater didn't affect the statement of Democratic Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, who said today that “Hillary Clinton has been a true friend to the African American community for the last 40 years.” Jeffries posited that while Clinton fought for them, Sanders had “been missing in action on issues important to African Americans” and had “no credibility” on these issues.
Interesting, then, that Clinton has so much credibility on the issue. The Clintons worked very hard to pass the omnibus crime bill in 1994 — signed into law by Bill — that included the three-strikes provision which has contributed so much to the increase in mass incarceration, yet today the Clinton camp is attacking Sanders for voting affirmative on that same bill. There's one problem: Sanders voted yes in order to pass the included provisions on violence against women. Clinton did it because she was scared of “superpredators.”
The Clinton record regarding workfare reforms and NAFTA is often cited as disproportionately affecting the African American community, but many have forgotten the various smaller attacks: denying financial aid, Pell Grants, public housing and more to those who had felony records, locking communities into a cycle of poverty that has only gotten worse. The Clintons may want to separate Bill's record from Hillary's platform, but Hillary is known for being a particularly active campaigner for Bill's legislative initiatives.
Sanders, meanwhile, has been speaking directly to Black men and women for much longer than the aforementioned forty days. In fact, he is the top candidate in terms of meeting the Campaign Zero demands of the Black Lives Matter movement. He has spoken strongly in opposition to private prisons (from whom Clinton received funding), the drug war, and the militarization of police while promoting better wages and healthcare and educational opportunities that will be a boon to low income communities. Sanders was the first candidate to say “Black Lives Matter,” and the first one to demonstrate it… half a century ago.
This coordinated messaging reeks of old establishment propaganda. It is brazen, but it is disgraceful. For these surrogates to stand in front of their constituents and blather on with no regard for the truth is an insult to African American voters, and these voters have every right to be outraged at the attempted manipulation. Until the Clinton campaign can be honest about the records of Hillary and Bernie, it is everyone's duty to call them out and share the truth. That is how we demand respect and integrity from our politicians. And that is why Bernie Sanders is the candidate for all of us.
NOTE: I'm working on a project with Lorain County for Bernie Sanders to send mailers to thousands of residents in the crucial swing state of Ohio. Most of our funding will come out of our own pockets, but some of it will also come from this “Give 'em Hell, Bernie” bumper sticker which you can order for $6 with free shipping in the US. Please consider supporting our efforts! (And share this article!)
This is one of the indispensable questions in our country today. When can a police or any person arrest you without a warrant of arrest? Lacking awareness of the legal complexities regarding your “right to be secure in your person, houses, papers and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures” would spell disaster, in fact, it can be your waterloo. This area, in your right as a Filipino citizen, is prone to many abuses of the authorities. So equipping yourself with the legal knowledge on the limitations on the power of the agent of the state is a must!
The right of the people to be secure in their person, houses, papers and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures is guaranteed under Section 2 of the Bill of rights of the 1987 constitution. It states there that:
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures of whatever nature and for any purpose shall be inviolable, and no search warrant or warrant of arrest shall issue except upon probable cause to be determined personally by the judge after examination under oath or affirmation of the complainant and the witnesses he may produce, and particularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized. SECTION 2., and no search warrant or warrant of arrest shall issue except upon probable cause to be determined personally by the judge after examination under oath or affirmation of the complainant and the witnesses he may produce, and particularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized.
Generally, this right is inviolable. It cannot be transgressed by the lawful authorities and cannot be set aside by the government. And violating such right guaranteed under the Bill of Rights has a lot of repercussions.
One of which is that, in violation of this section, such evidence obtained from this cannot be used against any person in a court, in any proceedings. In the words of the law, it would be excluded and will be regarded as a fruit of the poisonous tree, which means it is incompetent and it would fall in one of the exclusionary rules in the Rules on Evidence. It may be relevant or material but it is incompetent therefore inadmissible “ for any purpose in any proceedings.” Proceeding means, not just in a criminal case, it can also be in a civil, administrative and even impeachment proceedings.
However, not all searches and seizures are prohibited. What are prohibited here are UNREASONABLE ARREST AND SEIZURES.
So, when do you consider a search or an arrest unreasonable and therefore prohibited?
Generally, if it is not covered by a warrant of arrest or search warrant, because there are instances of warrantless arrest and warrantless search, which is the main topic of this article. When can you be arrested without a warrant of arrest?
But the 1 st question is when can a valid warrant of arrest or search warrant be issued?
In order for a warrant of arrest or search warrant to be issued, there must be a probable cause to be determined by the judge after examination under oath or affirmation of the witnesses it may produce particularly describing the place to be searched or persons or things to be seized.
PROBABLE CAUSE:
The Probable cause here is to be determined personally by the judge after examination under oath or affirmation of the complainant and the witnesses he may produce, and particularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized.
In Criminal Procedure there are 2 determinations of Probable Cause made by:
Prosecutor Determines Probable Cause for purpose of FILING INFORMATION in court. Probable Cause to be determined by the judge after examination under oath and affirmation of the witnesses he may produce.
In the case of CRESPO VS MUGOL, the Supreme Court rule that the moment this is filed in court the proceeding it is AUTOMATICALLY converted into a JUDICIAL PROCEEDING (so before that the proceeding is executive), Subject to the control of the JUDGE. So that NOBODY can dictate the judge on how to dispose that case NOT even the Secretary of Justice.
That is why when Secretary Agra wanted the case against Ampatuan to be dismissed although it was already filed in the RTC. The Supreme Court through Justice Panganiban, ruled that it cannot be following the doctrine on Crespo vs. Mugol.
GENERAL WARRANT WILL NOT DO:
In the case of STONEHILL VS DIOKNO, the S.C interpreted the words, “particularly describing the place to be searched or persons or things to be seized.”
The S.C ruled that, a search warrant must be issued in connection with a specific offense. A general warrant will not do, for it partakes a nature of fishing expedition for evidence by the state. This cannot be allowed.
In this case, it was stated in the search warrant, “To search the office of Stonehill at the port area for violation of Tariff and Customs Code.” There are so many offenses in the Tariff and customs code the search of warrant should specify what violation was committed, general warrant will not do.
Just imagine if you will be arrested for violations of the Revised Penal Code, since there are so many articles in the Revised Penal Code. The enforcing officer should specify what violation in the Revised Penal Code has been violated.
ONLY A JUDGE CAN ISSUE A WARRANT!
We reverted back to the 1935 constitution where it states that only the Judge can issue a warrant. In the 1973 constitution, they added a phrase “as such officers as may be provided by law.” It is not just the Judge that can issue a warrant of arrest but other persons as may be provided by law. This was changed under the 1987 constitution and we reverted back to the 1935 constitution that only the judge that can issue a warrant or arrest or a search warrant.
INSTANCES OF WARRANTLESS ARREST
The instances of warrantless arrest can be found under Rules of Court under Rule 113 Section 5, wherein a warrantless arrest, also known as a citizen's arrest, is lawful under 3 following circumstances.
When, in the presence of the policeman, the person to be arrested has committed, is actually committing, or is attempting to commit an offense. This is the "in flagrante delicto" rule. When an offense has just been committed, and he has probable cause to believe, based on personal knowledge of facts or circumstances, that the person to be arrested has committed it. This is the "hot pursuit" arrest rule. When the person to be arrested is a prisoner who has escaped from a penal establishment.
INFLAGRANTE DELICTO ARREST:
When, in his presence an offense has just been committed, is being committed or about to be committed in his presence.
Example: You are a police officer and you are patrolling one night then you saw a woman being raped on your plain sight.
In that instance, you don't need to procure a warrant of arrest because the crime is being committed in his presence, the police officer has personal knowledge of the commission of the crime. In this case, evidence of guilt is not necessary, what is only required is a probable cause.
The Supreme Court held consistently that by bust operation and entrapment operation are cases where you can effect an inflagrante delicto arrest.
ARREST IN HOT PURSUIT:
In this case, the arresting officer had no personal knowledge of the commission of the crime itself, otherwise it would fall under inflagrante delicto arrest. What the law only provides is that, he has “personal knowledge of the facts and circumstances that if taken together will elevate that to a probable that the person has indeed committed the crime. The arresting officer is not on the scene of the crime. It is not committed in his presence but it was committed based on the facts and circumstances and that he was able to conclude that the person to be arrested has committed it.
Example:
A police officer was patrolling in Plaza Miranda. Then you heard the voice of an old lady shouting “tulong tulong snatcher”! And you saw a man running with the lady's hand bag. This is very unusual! Then you saw the old lady pointing at him. You can arrest that person although you did NOT see the actual snatching. BUT YOU HAVE PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE OF FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES “the voice of an old lady shouting tulong tulong” all of those facts when taken together will elevate into probable cause to believed that the said person has committed the offense. THIS IS ARREST IN HOT PURSUIT. The police officer did NOT see the actual snatching.
ARREST OF AN ESCAPEE:
A person who escapes from a prison sale whether temporarily detain or permanent detain.
EDITOR'S NOTE: After Nadal lost, the author wrote this piece explaining what went wrong in his prediction and why Nadal lost.
12 months ago Dustin Brown produced the performance of his career, beating at the time World #1 Rafael Nadal on the grass in Halle. Not only did he beat the Spaniard but he destroyed him with a non-stop barrage of fine attacking tennis mixed with serve and volleying 6-4 6-1. Due to such a performance and result, many believe that the German can repeat his performance at Wimbledon against the former champion on the same surface, but here are the reasons why it's not likely to happen at all.
It's not really a grass court this time around in anything but name
The grass courts in Halle are known to be noticeably fast; faster than Wimbledon at the very least. This year, however, that is even more true than usual. When asked about the match yesterday in his interview, Nadal said “It is little bit different, the surface and everything.”. The match will be on Centre Court which in particular is the slowest I've ever seen it for the first week of the Championships as well as having a higher bounce.
This will heavily favour Nadal. The slower courts will make Dustin Brown's life a lot harder in through hitting through Nadal and as we've seen over the years from the 10th seed on the clay, on the slower surfaces he can keep retrieving shot after shot until forcing out errors from his opponent. This isn't clay by any means but at the same time to call this a grass court to an extent is anything but true.
This isn't Germany, it's Britain.
Dustin Brown is sort of another Gael Monfils. They both feed off the crowd; the more support they get, the better they play. Last year in their match the crowd was fully behind the serve and volleyer, mostly because he was a home favourite. The crowd really did bring the best out of Brown and another big performance will need an electric crowd backing him.
It won't be the case tomorrow, however. Of course the German will get a fair amount of support being the underdog and a huge entertainer, but most of the crowd will heavily be on the side of the man they've witnessed win two titles here before. Right now Nadal is in a rough patch in his career and the crowd will hope their support can push the left-hander to regain some of the form he's shown here in the past.
It's a grand slam, not an ATP 250 event
Like many great players, Nadal is one of those who plays his best tennis in the biggest events. It's the reason he has 14 slams and the most Masters of any player in the history of the sport. Brown, on the other hand, has only made it past R2 at a slam only once in his career and even making the last 64 of Slams has been an issue more often that not. Nadal will be able to use all his experience in Slams and use it to his advantage.
The German hit through Nadal for 2 sets, but can he do it for 3? It's a very difficult task. Unlike their encounter last year Brown is going to have to pace himself throughout the match and can't risk going all out from very start and expect it to last for the duration of the match. The Spaniard has one of the best records in terms of winning % in best of 5 matches and there's a reason behind it–he knows how exactly how to play the moment.
Nadal has a point to prove
After a poor year for his standards and slipping down the rankings seemingly after every big tournament, the Spanish #2 has a huge point to prove. There are many who have already written him off but if anything his year so far might only push him onto bigger and better things starting at this year's Wimbledon. Nadal is as hungry can be for big results again and judging from his R1 match against Bellucci, which he won comprehensively 6-4 6-2 6-4, this is the most motivated I've seen the former World #1 at Wimbledon for many years, and with such motivation and desire, great performances are to be expected.
All in all it's an incredibly hard task
Of course it's not certain that Rafael Nadal will win, but if the World #104 is to preserve his winning head to head against one of the greatest players to ever play the game he's going to need to do something extra special and far beyond what he did in Halle last year and probably ever produced. There's no saying he won't do it but but given the circumstances and situation it might well be asking for too much from the qualifier.
Enjoy what you see? Check out our full Wimbledon coverage here.
Main Photo:
VIDEO: Where Mastectomy Scars Raged, A Tattoo Garden Blooms
NPR YouTube
Within weeks of being diagnosed with breast cancer at 29 years old, Nicole O'Hara of Phoenix, Md., underwent a double mastectomy. She had breast reconstruction during the same operation; then it was on to chemotherapy.
The ordeal left O'Hara with "big, ugly, red inflamed scars and stitches and drains," she says.
"It [was] a battlefield."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo/NPR Meredith Rizzo/NPR
The scars spread across her chest where the incisions were made and the chemo port was placed. As she healed at home, those scars remained.
"To be reminded of those every time you look in the mirror can be hard," she says. "You're trying to move past that point in your life."
O'Hara's plastic surgeon laid out the reconstruction options: She could have nipples built from her own skin or areola and nipple shading tattooed to look like the real thing. But instead of re-creating what she had lost, she decided to do something more artistic.
She worked with a friend to design a tattoo and, four years after the mastectomy surgery, took it to Lisa Doll, the owner of Rose Red Tattoo in Ellicott City, Md. Doll specializes in tattooing over scar tissue that is often discolored, uneven and thinner than normal skin, making it difficult to hold pigmentation. The skin typically needs at least a year to heal before it's ready. And even then, scarring may be too extensive.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meredith Rizzo and Morgan McCloy/NPR Meredith Rizzo and Morgan McCloy/NPR
But a tattoo can be an empowering option for people who have had a mastectomy, Doll says.
"Cancer comes through and does things that they're not happy with," she says. "Getting a tattoo over their mastectomy scars puts them in control of their body image."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan McCloy/NPR Morgan McCloy/NPR
Doll's first mastectomy tattoo client came to her through word of mouth. It was an emotional experience and motivated her to want to do more. Since then, she has been active in the breast cancer community, booking clients every month.
"People see it much more as an adornment to their body. It doesn't have that taboo undertone like it used to," she says. "They bring their whole family to see the results."
The art requests range from floral and ornamental to the more risque and lacy, but Doll says that the designs almost always have some personal meaning.
Like the piece O'Hara has tattooed across her chest: a spray of apple blossoms, bluebells, heather, garlic — all symbols from her garden. A black and blue magpie sits off to the right with his wings outstretched.
"I'm a gardener," she says, "Flowers, birds — it's where I feel most alive and comfortable."
She specifically asked for tall lavender lupine flowers to extend up her shoulder in a bra-strap shape so she could tell her story to anyone who happened to see it.
"It's a reminder that yes, I got through it. I made it."
North Dakota became the first state on Friday to pass a fetal personhood amendment, which grants legal personhood rights to embryos from the moment of fertilization. The state House of Representatives voted 57 to 35 to pass the amendment, after the Senate passed the same measure last month.
The measure will now appear on the November 2014 ballot, and voters will be able to accept or reject it. If it passes, it will amend North Dakota's constitution to state that “the inalienable right to life of every human being at any stage of development must be recognized and protected.” The amendment would ban abortion in the state, without exceptions for rape, incest or life of the mother, and it could affect the legality of some forms of birth control, stem cell research and in vitro fertilization.
“The North Dakota legislature has taken historic strides to protect every human being in the state, paving the way for human rights nationwide,” Keith Mason, president of the anti-abortion advocacy group Personhood USA, said in a statement on Friday. “This amendment strikes the balance of accomplishing more for the unborn than any other amendment the nation has ever seen, while protecting pregnant women and their right to true medical care. We applaud the North Dakota House and Senate for their willingness to protect all of the people in their state.”
Similar fetal personhood initiatives have been rejected by voters in several other states, including Mississippi, one of the most socially conservative states in the country.
North Dakota state Rep. Kathy Hawken (R-Fargo) told HuffPost on Thursday that she and several of her Republican colleagues strongly oppose the bill and are planning to protest it at a women's health rally on Monday. "I have so many friends with grandchildren from in vitro fertilization, and to take that away from these people who desperately want children is not okay," she said. "I believe if men had babies we would not be having this discussion."
November 21, 2017 Javier Eguiluz
If you've been around the Symfony community for some time, odds are you know and have used the SensioGeneratorBundle. It's a popular bundle (+20 million downloads) that provides console commands to generate boilerplate code, like controllers and entities. It also includes a basic CRUD generator.
Given that SensioGeneratorBundle is starting to show its age and considering the massive simplifications introduced by Symfony 4, we decided to stop evolving that bundle and we've created a new bundle called SymfonyMakerBundle.
SymfonyMakerBundle helps you to create empty commands, controllers, form classes, tests and more so you can forget about the required boilerplate code. It's an alternative to SensioGeneratorBundle for modern Symfony applications and requires using Symfony 3.4 or newer and Symfony Flex.
Of course the end goal is to not have boilerplate code at all in Symfony applications. Symfony 4 made a lot of improvements towards that goal, but you will always have to bootstrap some code, so having a modern, simple and lightweight bundle to do that is nice.
Generating Code with Makers¶ The usage of the bundle is similar to SensioGeneratorBundle, but the commands now use the make: prefix instead of generate: . In this first version of the bundle we've implemented the following makers: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 $ php bin/console list make make:command make:controller make:entity make:form make:functional-test make:subscriber make:twig-extension make:unit-test make:validator make:voter Later we'll add more commands, including some interactive makers to generate a Doctrine entity asking for its properties, to generate a form based on a Doctrine entity, etc.
Syria's war killed at least 3,000 people including 955 civilians in September, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor said today, in the deadliest month of the conflict this year. “More than 70 per cent of the civilians were killed in the regime and Russian air strikes, or in air raids of the international coalition” fighting the Islamic State group, the Britain-based monitor's head Rami Abdel Rahman said.
Advertising
Backed by Russian air strikes, the forces of Syria's President Bashar al-Assad are pressing a battle to retake IS-controlled areas in the eastern province of Deir Ezzor. A US-led international coalition has been providing air support to a Kurdish-Arab alliance also fighting the jihadists in its former northern bastion of Raqa city and Deir Ezzor.
The number of people killed in September was higher due to increased fighting and “intensified air raids of the international coalition and Russia against jihadist bastions in the north and east of Syria, but also due to increased Russian and regime strikes on rebel-held areas,” Abdel Rahman said.
The 955 civilians killed in September included 207 children, said the Observatory, which relies on a wide network of sources inside Syria for its information. It said 738 jihadists — from IS and a group led by Al-Qaeda's former Syria affiliate also died.
Advertising
Syria's conflict has killed more than 330,000 people and displaced millions since it broke out in 2011 with the brutal repression of anti-government protests before evolving into a complex war drawing in world powers.
Today I came across a problem that I've encountered a few times before. I needed to spawn a process in a subshell and wait for it to finish; in this case, I was using the mysql command-line utility to import a large database dump.
If we do this in the standard way:
system "mysql some_database < dump.sql"
…then the user of our program receives no feedback; just a blank prompt. It's impossible to distinguish whether the program is in an importing state or in a hanged one — that is, to impossible to know whether to sit and wait for it to finish, or to interrupt it because something's gone wrong.
Of course, we have no way of actually displaying accurate progress updates to the user, since we don't know what point the mysql command has reached. But if we want to be kinder to our user than just showing them a blank prompt, we can still offer them some visual feedback to let them know that the script is importing.
Let's look at how we can do this.
The first thing we need to do is to recognise that system is a blocking call; whatever code we have following it will only execute once the system call has finished. So our first step is to move our system call into another process, so we can get on with the business of displaying progress at the same time as the system call is running:
import = fork do system "mysql some_database < dump.sql" end
Then, we can start another process to display progress. In my case, I used Jeff Felchner's excellent ruby-progressbar library:
progress = fork do progressbar = ProgressBar . create ( title : "Importing database dump" , total : nil ) trap "INT" do progressbar . total = 100 progressbar . finish exit end loop do progressbar . increment sleep 0 . 5 end end
Here we spawn another process and create a new progress bar. We tell Ruby that we want to respond to the SIGINT Unix signal, and that when we're sent that signal we want to complete the progress bar and exit. Finally, we start an infinite loop that increments the progress bar twice a second.
The final step is to wait for our import to finish:
Process . wait ( import ) Process . kill ( 2 , progress )
Here we wait for the import process to finish (this becomes the new point where the script blocks; without this, it would exit immediately, which isn't what we want). But while we're waiting, the progress bar process will also be doing its magic and giving the user some feedback.
Once the wait call has finished, we sent SIGINT to the progress bar process; this allows it to exit cleanly, and stops us from having an runaway progress bar executing forever.
That's it! Here's the full code:
import = fork do system "mysql some_database < dump.sql" end progress = fork do progressbar = ProgressBar . create ( title : "Importing database dump" , total : nil ) trap "INT" do progressbar . total = 100 progressbar . finish exit end loop do progressbar . increment sleep 0 . 5 end end Process . wait ( import ) Process . kill ( 2 , progress )
Ta-da! With some basic Unix process-wrangling, we've made our long-running script a little bit nicer for its users.
Taking it further
This pattern could trivially be extended into a method that takes a block and passes it to the first fork call, allowing you to display this kind of indeterminate progress update for any code in just a single line. Here's what that might look like:
require "ruby-progressbar" module Kernel def with_progress ( title , & block ) import = fork ( & block ) progress = fork do progressbar = ProgressBar . create ( title : title , total : nil ) trap "INT" do progressbar . total = 100 progressbar . finish exit end loop do progressbar . increment sleep 0 . 5 end end Process . wait ( import ) Process . kill ( 2 , progress ) end end
Now we can call our first example as:
with_progress ( "Importing database dump" ) do system "mysql some_database < dump.sql" end
Making it this easy to display progress — even if it isn't really informing the user, it's extending them a little courtesy — makes it easy to avoid those black screens of uncertainty that otherwise crop up regularly. It's a pattern I think I'll go back to.
A new study of methane emissions finds that the U.S. is spewing 50 percent more methane, a greenhouse gas 21 times better at trapping heat than carbon dioxide, into the atmosphere than the Environmental Protection Agency previously assumed. Several factors contribute to the accumulation of methane gas in Earth's atmosphere, such as the burning of fossil fuels and leaks from oil and gas refining and drilling, but one contender stands out above the rest as particularly repugnant: cow farts.
“Overall, we conclude that methane emissions associated with both the animal husbandry and fossil fuel industries have larger greenhouse gas impacts than indicated by existing inventories,” the authors of the study, published Monday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Science, wrote.
According to the new research, livestock's noxious flatulence accounts for a large portion of the methane gas being released into the atmosphere. Researchers say cows are producing twice as much methane gas as scientists previously believed. The states producing the most methane gas were Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas – which also happen to have a lot of cows, oil and gas.
Carbon dioxide is still the primary greenhouse gas, which research has shown contributes significantly to global warming. But methane is certainly a formidable contender, among others such as nitrous oxide and ozone.
The EPA has also recognized the contribution cow farts are making to Earth's greenhouse gases, stating earlier that globally, livestock are the “largest source of methane from human-related activities,” and are the third largest source of methane in the U.S. A 1995 study of methane emissions from cattle found that cows typically lose about 6 percent of their ingested energy as methane, partly a result of their slow digestive process. A single cow can produce between 250 and 500 liters, or about 66 to 132 gallons, of methane a day (the average U.S. vehicle gas tank can hold about 16 gallons of gas).
The new study of methane emissions in the U.S. was based on nearly 13,000 measurements taken from airplane flights and tall towers. Scientists in California collected data from 2008 and found that in that year, the U.S. dumped nearly 49 million tons of methane into the air. That's much more than the 32 million tons estimated by the EPA.
"Something is very much off in the inventories," study co-author Anna Michalak, an Earth scientist at the Carnegie Institution for Science in Stanford, Calif., told The Associated Press. "The total U.S. impact on the world's energy budget is different than we thought, and it's worse."
The study finds fault with the EPA's earlier estimates, calling attention to the agency's need to update how it tracks greenhouse gas emissions. The difference, researchers say, comes from how the government agency chose to calculate the methane emission estimates, opting for a “bottom-up approach.” This means they estimated methane emissions by looking at the amount of gas released per unit of something – whether that unit be a cow, a coal plant or a tank of gas sold.
The new study, on the other hand, used a top-down approach, first measuring what is actually in the atmosphere and then working backward to pinpoint a source.
“The bottom-up and top-down approaches give us very different answers about the level of methane gas emissions,” lead author Scot M. Miller, a doctoral student in Earth and planetary sciences at the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, said in a press release. “Most strikingly, our results are higher by a factor of 2.7 over the South Central United States, which we know is a key region for fossil-fuel extraction and refining. It will be important to resolve that discrepancy in order to fully understand the impact of these industries on methane emissions.”
The EPA has said it will review the new study and “E.P.A. has not yet had the opportunity to fully review the PNAS study on methane emissions; however we are encouraged that more methane emissions measurement data are now available to the public,” EPA spokesperson Alisha Johnson told The New York Times.
So how can we get cows to quit farting? According to German-based DW Akademie, changing our livestock's diet could help curb some of those cow farts. Instead of feeding cow a predominant corn and soy based diet, some researchers think mixing in alfalfa, linseed and grass – essentially changing the levels of fatty acids in a cow's feed – could reduce the amount of methane they produce.
A 2011 study also noted that cows fed predominantly silage, a common fodder for cattle and sheep, produced significantly more methane than cows whose diets were supplemented by concentrate feed.
Bengaluru, Sep 16 (PTI) Former DIG D Roopa, who highlighted in a report alleged irregularities at the central jail here, including preferential treatment to AIADMK leader V K Sasikala, was today conferred the President's Medal.
The award was presented to Roopa for her meritorious service by Governor Vajubhai Vala at a ceremony at Raj Bhavan in the presence of Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and Home Minister Ramalinga Reddy.
Other police officials selected for the President's medal for their meritorious service were also conferred the medals.
In July, Roopa, then DIG of Prisons, D Roopa, had submitted a report to the Director General of Prisons stating that Sasikala, serving a four-year sentence in the disproportionate assets case at Parapanna Agrahara Central Prison, was given preferential treatment and there was “a talk” that Rs two crore had exchanged hands.
Subsequently, both Roopa and the DG were transferred after they were locked in a public spat over the issue and a high-level probe ordered into the claims.
Roopa was posted as Deputy Inspector General of Police and Commissioner for Traffic and Road Safety here.
This is published unedited from the PTI feed.
GUWAHATI: There is a sense of insecurity and fear amongst students and working professionals from the northeast in Pune and other places as well after the attack on some northeastern people in Pune on August 8 and 9.
Some people from the northeast were beaten up at Kondhwa near Poona camp by some miscreants belonging to a particular minority community. Approximately 10 students and working professionals were attacked in the Kondhwa area and Poona camp area. The incident can be termed as a backlash of the ethnic riots in western Assam.
"The miscreants were saying 'Kisi Chinki Logon Ko Chor ne Ka Nain' (Don't leave anyone with Mongoloid features'. The incident occurred some three days ago when we were assaulted at Kondhwa by miscreants of a particular community for no apparent reason. Kondhwa is inhabited by people of that community," Kahomdai Panmei, one of the victims and a working professional at a noted software company said.
He added, "The incident has left a sense of fear amongst us as we are being targeted for the happenings in western Assam. We are in constant touch with higher authorities and they are taking stock of situation, which may occur again."
He said people from the northeast are staying indoors after the incident to avoid attacks on them. "The police are being very cooperative, but most of us work in IT companies and have to return home late at night. I have also heard that the principal of Poona College has urged the students from the northeast not to attend classes for sometime. We are in touch with northeast students' unions," said Panmei.
Meanwhile, the state secretary of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyathi Parishad (ABVP) Krishna Kanta Borah said, "This is a serious issue and we condemn the incident vehemently. We ask the government to provide security to the students of the northeast and ask the authorities in Pune to arrest the miscreants as soon as possible."
"We got to know about the incident and we are very worried. If this happened in Pune, it can happen elsewhere too. It is a backlash to the ethnic strife that happened in western Assam as such clashes creates a sense of paranoia in the hearts and minds of people," said Bedanta Das, a working professional in Bangalore.
The Northeast Students' Union, Pune and the Pune Police held a meeting in connection with the assault on Saturday. Police condemned the violence on the community.
Correction: An earlier version of this story said that Slahi's cousin and brother-in-law were both senior figures in al-Qaeda. The cousin and brother-in-law are one person, not two different ones.
Mohamedou Ould Slahi, one of the most controversial and colorful prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and the author of a best-selling memoir about his time there, has been cleared for release from the military facility, U.S. officials announced Wednesday.
Slahi, 45, who was born in Mauritania, had appeared before a parole-style review board June 2 that recommended his transfer. In making its decision, the board said it considered the detainee's “highly compliant behavior in detention.” There also were “clear indications of a change in the detainee's mind-set.”
“I am just thrilled that he is finally cleared again and the government of Mauritania has said it welcomes him home,” said Nancy Hollander, one of Slahi's attorneys.
The prison has 76 detainees, and 31 of them have been approved for transfer.
Slahi, who was subject to some of the harshest treatment meted out at Guantanamo Bay but cooperated with the U.S. military, was suspected of playing a role in the 2000 millennial plot that targeted tourist sites in Jordan and Los Angeles International Airport. Both his cousin and brother-in-law were senior figures in al-Qaeda, and Slahi pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden in the early 1990s.
Slahi was detained in his native country in November 2001, turned over to the United States, and flown to Jordan for interrogation. After eight months in custody, he was flown in July 2002 to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan and then moved the following month to Guantanamo Bay.
His book, “Guantánamo Diary,'' which was published last year, is thought to be the only existing memoir written by a current detainee. It took years of legal maneuvering by his lawyers before the heavily redacted book could be published.
His torture included threatened sexual abuse, sleep deprivation, exposure to extreme temperatures, a simulated kidnapping, a mock execution on a boat, and the threat that the military would bring his mother from Mauritania to Guantanamo Bay and harshly interrogate her, according to a Senate investigation and other documents.
Slahi wrote that he thought coming to Cuba from Jordan and Afghanistan was a blessing, believing the United States would treat him humanely. But “the interrogation methods worsened considerably as time went by,” he wrote. His cell was kept was unbearably cold, he recalled. “I was shaking most of the time. I was forbidden from seeing the light of the day.”
He added: “I was living literally in terror.”
According to U.S. military files disclosed by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, Slahi moved to Germany in 1990 to study electrical engineering but began to move in radical Islamist circles. He first traveled to Afghanistan in 1990. At a military tribunal in 2004, Slahi admitted that he traveled to Afghanistan to wage violent jihad, that he wanted to die for Islam and that he trained at an al-Qaeda camp near Kandahar.
“He was fighting against the communist government in 1990 with the mujahideen that the U.S. supported with millions of dollars,” Hollander said. “That was not the same al-Qaeda in 2001.”
In November 1999, Slahi moved to Canada. The next month, Canadian authorities questioned him about Ahmed Ressam, who was arrested with explosives while trying to cross the U.S.-Canada border. Ressam, an Algerian, was convicted of attempting to bomb Los Angeles International Airport and sentenced to 37 years.
In January 2000, Slahi returned to Mauritania because his mother was ill and he was arrested repeatedly there before being flown out of the country by the United States.
In 2010, a federal judge ruled that Slahi must be released from custody because the government was unable to prove that at the time of his capture he was part of al-Qaeda or was providing any support to the organization.
Hollander said the government's accusations against her client are based on “information that was false.”
‘They never had anything on him,” she said. “He should never have been there.”
Read more:
With the Trump administration taking shape, the world is getting a glimpse into the kind of government the U.S. will have for at least the next four years.
Minority groups across the country fear the impact such a Cabinet, made up of science denialists, white nationalists and Christian extremists, will have on their communities. Another important impact this administration will potentially have is on religious freedom, as Trump and his forming Cabinet have long had great disdain for the First Amendment.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We are about to be swamped with new and fierce assaults on the wall of separation. Everything from allowing churches to endorse political candidates and retain their tax-exemption, to legislating bible-based homophobia and rolling back LGBTQ rights, to destroying public schools and enriching religious schools with ineffective vouchers, to redefining religious freedom so that it becomes a license to discriminate,” said Freedom From Religion Foundation constitutional attorney Andrew Seidel. “We've got a fight ahead.”
This sentiment was shared among other secular leaders as well.
“During his campaign, President-elect Trump framed religious privilege as ‘religious freedom,' twisting its definition to justify a host dangerous policy proposals,” said Larry T. Decker, executive director of the Secular Coalition for America. “This includes pledging to appoint a Supreme Court Justice who will ‘automatically' overturn Roe v. Wade, allowing pastors to politick from the pulpit while maintaining their tax-exempt status, sending federal money to religious schools, and legalizing taxpayer-funded employment discrimination. In the week since his victory, we have yet to see any signs that the incoming Trump administration will not attempt to follow through on enacting these unconstitutional policies.”
On church endorsements, Trump made a point to include overturning the Johnson Amendment, a law that was passed in 1954 that that prohibits tax-exempt organizations from participating in political activities, in this acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention.
During the speech, Trump argued that religious leaders have much to contribute to U.S. politics but are being silenced by the Johnson Amendment.
"An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views. Their voice has been taken away," Trump said. "I am going to work very hard to repeal that language and to protect free speech for all Americans."
While Trump himself said in a “60 Minutes” interview he considered the 2015 same-sex marriage ruling by the Supreme Court law, his vice president, Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE, and many members of the Republican-held Congress do not agree. It is also reasonable to assume his Supreme Court nominee or nominees will not agree.
In fact, Pence has long been an enemy of the LGBTQ community, advocating for the damaging practice of conversion therapy, as he discussed in at the 2008 Republican National Convention:
“Well, the fact is, you can choose to restrain that compulsion. And so I think in fact you don't have to give in to the compulsion to be homosexual. I think that's been proven in case after case. ... I believe homosexuality is a compulsion that can be contained, repressed or changed. … [T]hat is what I'm saying in the clearest of terms.”
Pence has also voted against LGBTQ non-discrimination acts that would have protected LGBTQ individuals from job discrimination based on sexual orientation while he was a member of House of Representatives.
The truth is, the biggest issues facing the nation under a Trump presidency will stem from the erosion of secularism. Abortion rights, LGBTQ rights education — all stand to suffer greatly if religion is the driving force behind the decision-making on these issues.
Secularism is a staple of American society: It is the right of every American to practice the religion of his or her choice or to have no religion at all, all the while living under a government that protects that right and does not rely on any religion for its policy-making decisions.
The next four years will test the resiliency of the country and test the limits of the U.S. Constitution in ways it hasn't seen in decades.
Dan Arel is a political activist, award-winning journalist, and author of The Secular Activist, and Parenting Without God. You can follow him on Twitter @danarel.
The views of Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
House Majority leader Eric Cantor's stunning defeat in the Republican primary in a Richmond, Virginia, district last night is big news, and it has a Middle East angle. Cantor is a leading defender of Israel's rightwing government in the Congress; he once said he would side with Israeli prime minister Netanyahu against Obama. Cantor is also one of the most prominent Jews in American politics, the leading Jew in the Republican Party, highest-ranking Jew ever in the Congress.
The New York Times news analysis puts the religious angle in the tenth paragraph, though an analyst describes it as the “elephant in the room.”
David Wasserman, a House political analyst at the nonpartisan Cook Political Report, said another, more local factor has to be acknowledged: Mr. Cantor, who dreamed of becoming the first Jewish speaker of the House, was culturally out of step with a redrawn district that was more rural, more gun-oriented and more conservative. “Part of this plays into his religion,” Mr. Wasserman said. “You can't ignore the elephant in the room.”
Wasserman is a bit of a crank on the anti-Semitism angle:
“There will be lots of 2nd guessing tmw on Cantor loss #VA07,” [Wasserman] tweeted. “Surely will focus on debt ceiling/leadership role, but his religion a role too?”
Cantor famously once sided with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu over Obama, when the two administrations were disagreeing. After a meeting with the P.M., Cantor's office said:
Eric stressed that the new Republican majority will serve as a check on the Administration and what has been, up until this point, one party rule in Washington. He made clear that the Republican majority understands the special relationship between Israel and the United States, and that the security of each nation is reliant upon the other.
Politico highlights the Jewish angle:
The dream of a Jewish Republican speaker of the House is no more. Matt Brooks, the president of the Republican Jewish Coalition, went so far as to call Cantor's defeat “one of those incredible, evil twists of fate that just changed the potential course of history.”
“Cantor serves up a schadenfreude Sundae,” Adam Horowitz says, and here's more Matt Brooks to the JTA:
“We're all processing it,” said Matt Brooks, the president of the Republican Jewish Coalition. “He was an invaluable leader, he was so integral to the promotion of, to congressional support of the pro-Israel agenda. It is a colossal defeat not just for Republicans, but for the entire Jewish community.”…
Brooks seems to have a point. Even Hillary supporter Steve Rabinowitz mourns Cantor's defeat to the JTA:
“Wearing my mainstream Jewish skullcap its clear the community needs people like Eric Cantor,” he said. “This is a loss for the Jewish community. I have my disagreements with him, but he's been there for the community.”
Oh, and the camp counselor is no more. Politico‘s Alexander Burns states:
Now, with Cantor's defeat, there's no longer a point man to help organize trips to Israel for junior GOP lawmakers.
Cantor's conqueror gave a religious spin to primary night. MSNBC:
In victory, [Tom] Brat quoted scripture: “I went to my family and this little note is hanging on my door every day and I read this every day. It's Luke 18:27. Jesus replied, ‘What is impossible with man is possible with God.'”
More Matt Brooks schadenfreude:
Numb. Speechless. Sad — Matt Brooks (@Mbrooksrjc) June 11, 2014
Rabbi Shmuley Boteach is wearing black too, and says the people of Virginia made a mistake:
schocked by @ericcantor primary loss. huge mistake. eric 1 of finest, nicest more astute kind public servants in all american political life — Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) June 11, 2014
MJ Rosenberg says the defeat will change history, it's a bad day for AIPAC and for Israel firsters who want a confrontation with Iran:
Most significant of all, AIPAC lost its #1 enforcer in the majority party. Among Democrats (who are essentially powerless in the House), AIPAC has no problem, beginning with Minority Leader Steny Hoyer, Cantor's counterpart. And dozens of Jewish Democrats.
But among House Republicans, there is only Cantor to effectively fight against negotiating with Iran, against opposing Israeli settlement expansion and, in general, carrying Binyamin Netanyahu's portfolio in one hand and Sheldon Adelson's checkbook in the other.
I'm not saying that there aren't hundreds of Republicans (especially the Bible thumpers) who will aspire to carry Netanyahu's agenda, but none have his unique attributes: Jewish, Majority Leader, Next Speaker! Not even close.
Cantor was the ball game. And he is irreplaceable.
Especially on Iran. When Matt Brooks, the Republican Jewish activist, says that Cantor's defeat was an “evil twist of fate” that will change history, it is Iran he was talking about
“Oy vey,” says Politico. While JTA says Jewish Republicans are in mourning and “bereft“.
Update: The New Republic's Jason Zengerle says it's about money. That's why Cantor was such a prominent Republican, because he tapped in to the new pools of dough. Hardheaded reporting:
Over the course of his 14 years in Washington, Cantor never ignored that [Jewish] elephant—and often tried to exploit it. This was most evident when it came to fundraising, which was the foundation of the Cantor political operation. Back in 2002, Cantor was given a place on the House Republican leadership team as a mere freshman largely because, as a former GOP congressman once explained to me, the fact that Cantor is Jewish gave him “access to donors we didn't typically have access to.” Cantor not only helped the GOP fundraising machine make inroads into the big-money (and typically Democratic) Jewish precincts in Los Angeles, Miami, and New York; he also helped GOP congressmen tap their local Jewish communities for money. Nearly every House Republican I've ever spoken to about Cantor's fundraising prowess has a story about the Virginia congressman parachuting into their districts and paying a visit to the local Friends of Israel or Jewish Federation on their behalves. “If you want to have him come and speak to the Jewish community in Charleston, he's willing to do that,” West Virginia Congresswoman Shelley Moore Capito once told me.
Thanks to Adam Horowitz.
UK Ambassador Asif A. Ahmad told reporters that the Philippines would be the first ASEAN member that the UK's International Trade Secretary Liam Fox MP would be visiting as part of a three-legged tour also covering Malaysia and Indonesia.
Ahmad said UK's trade chief would be in the Philippines on 3-4 April as a sign of support to the Philippines' chairmanship of ASEAN.
Apart from this, Fox's arrival was also meant “to explain Brexit, which means Britain will be engaging more with countries like the Philippines,” said Ahmad. This would reassure the Philippines there would be a free trade agreement (FTA) with the UK in the future, he said. This would still depend, however, on the ongoing negotiations between the Philippines and the European Union for another FTA.
“Before we leave the EU, we are not allowed to negotiate a bilateral FTA, but afterwards we are going to line up a whole series of these. It really depends on how mature the EU FTA negotiation with the Philippines is. If by the time it's finished, then of course, we would adopt it as it is,” he said.
To keep up to date with the Minister's visit and more, follow us on Twitter @UKASEAN
Code Vein is being made on a separate development line from the God Eater series, as a way to take on a new challenge.When asked if there are any connections to God Eater, Tomizawa says they're advancing through its development to make it into a new title that can offer a new gaming experience.The developers described the meaning behind the English word of ”Vein" and ”Code." They want you to think of it as ”codes for blood."”Vein" is the name of the closed world that players will be exploring in Code Vein. Here, you'll try to find its hidden truth.They're calling the genre for it a ”dramatic dungeon-exploring action RPG." It'll involve exploring the adjoining areas with tense atmosphere, as explore and travel. They feel that its strong sense of accomplishment sets it apart from your average genre of ”dungeon-exploring action RPG."You'll get to go on a journey with a ”Buddy," in a game with difficulty that might make you quit if it were solo, but said to bring an even bigger sense of accomplishment from its many obstacles you'll have to overcome.Your ”Buddy" is controlled by AI, but there will be times where the players will need to help their Buddies.Code Vein is being made with Unreal Engine 4.They can't share a clear answer for which hardware it is being made for, but they plan to release it on console.A new trailer is expected to be revealed in early-May.They aim to make it a worldwide title from Japan.As the team leader, Yusuke Tomizawa will oversee both God Eater and Code Vein.Read more at http://www.siliconera.com/2017/04/1...-separate-line-god-eater/#ivtlASO9miXkQybb.99
Brexit: globalisation and control 24/09/2016
Follow @eureferendum
What is really depressing about my research on Brexit is how pathetically shallow the debate is: the media and politicians churn the same limited set of factoids, endless repeating arguments that were stale thirty years ago. This is the Dunning-Kruger effect writ large, with the players so ignorant that they don't even begin to understand how ignorant they are.
To that extent, there is not even any point in writing for them, or attempting to educate them. All you get is the ignorati - people who do not even attempt to engage with the substantive issues.
At the heart of the darkness, so to speak, is that media-politico nexus which believes that "Brussels" is the law-maker supreme, and that Brexit will bring a new renaissance. Regulations by the thousands will be ripped up and burned in one vast metaphysical bonfire, opening the way to the vast sunlit uplands where free trade agreements hang from every tree.
At first sight, the essence of the problem is that these people don't have the first idea of how the world really works, in the context of a global system that is now so diffuse and complicated that even the specialists struggle to understand it.
The real problem, though, is that such people don't want to know about complexity. They have already fixed their narratives and they don't want them disturbed by mere facts – especially when they come from low-prestige sources.
Much of that narrative is fixed around the "deregulation" meme, so pervasive that it is taking on the character of a computer virus that blocks keyboard inputs. It renders void argument on any alternative, as shallow minds fixate on their idea of a bonfire of regulation.
Reading an essay in
The book is: "The Emergence of Private Authority in Global Governance", edited by Rodney Bruce Hall. It has Lipschutz and Fogul telling us: Nowadays, the greatest profits are to be found in the high-tech and information industries, in transnational finance and investment, and in flexible and niche production and accumulation. This means looking beyond national borders for ways in which to deploy capital, technology and design, and to gain access to factors of production in order to maximise returns on investment and secure entry into foreign markets. Lipschutz and Fogul then remark: … one obstacle to capital mobility and broader economic growth is the transaction and other costs that result from compliance with more than 100 sets of national regulations. From the perspective of global capital, it is preferable to deal with a single set of rules that apply to all countries. Markets, they say, require rules in order to function in an orderly fashion. Thus, they add, there is a "central paradox", in that: … while "deregulation" is the mantra repeated endlessly in virtually all capitals and by all international capitalists, it is domestic deregulation that capitals and capitalists desire, not the wholesale elimination of all rules. Selective deregulation at home may create a lower-cost environment in which to produce, but uncontrolled deregulation everywhere creates uncertainty and economic instability. Hence international regulation is relied on increasingly for keeping the global system together and working. The great advantage of international regulation is not only that it reduces transaction costs of 190 different sets of national laws, such regulatory harmonisation also tends to "eliminate politics" from certain conflictual areas by shifting regulatory authority out of the domestic sphere and into the international one. There, "representative national and subnational institutions lack power and any ability to intervene".
In effect, the depoliticisation of regulation (inevitably stripping out democratic accountability) is a necessary function of globalisation – a feature rather than a bug, as the saying goes.
With that, one can quite understand the proponents of globalisation being less than enthusiastic about parading the anti-democratic nature of the regulatory processes. Furthermore, it should come as no surprise that the EU has served to conceal the origins of many of the regulatory products arising out of globalisation.
But now we are confronting Brexit, the extent of this deception is being exposed, and we are beginning to get some idea of what has been hiding behind the skirts of "mother Europe". It is perverse, therefore, that the anti-EU Tory Right are, in effect, working with the EU in obscuring the process of globalisation, either by ignoring it or pretending it doesn't exist.
To an extent, these people are trapped by their own rhetoric. Having cast the EU as the root of all evil – particularly in terms of "barmy rules" - they are then unable to adjust to the fact that, in many areas, their criticisms have been over-stated. If follows naturally that they cannot admit that that Brexit will barely dent the corpus of regulation to which they have so long and so noisily objected.
Given that one of the key slogans for the official Vote Leave campaign was "take back control", it is even more embarrassing for this grouping to have to concede that much of the "control" does not rest in the hands of their hated EU. Instead, it lies with a diffuse compendium of global standards-setting bodies, which will continue to operate long after the UK has left the EU.
What the Tory Right also fail to understand is that, apart from a tiny faction of the disaffected, no one cares very much who decides on the global standard for sugar in jam, or for ergot in flour. What does matter, as the Egyptians are
This is the territory we covered in To that extent, there is not even any point in writing for them, or attempting to educate them. All you get is the clever-dick response of the- people who do not even attempt to engage with the substantive issues.At the heart of the darkness, so to speak, is that media-politico nexus which believes that "Brussels" is the law-maker supreme, and that Brexit will bring a new renaissance. Regulations by the thousands will be ripped up and burned in one vast metaphysical bonfire, opening the way to the vast sunlit uplands where free trade agreements hang from every tree.At first sight, the essence of the problem is that these people don't have the first idea of how the world really works, in the context of a global system that is now so diffuse and complicated that even the specialists struggle to understand it.The real problem, though, is that such people don't want to know about complexity. They have already fixed their narratives and they don't want them disturbed by mere facts – especially when they come from low-prestige sources.Much of that narrative is fixed around the "deregulation" meme, so pervasive that it is taking on the character of a computer virus that blocks keyboard inputs. It renders void argument on any alternative, as shallow minds fixate on their idea of a bonfire of regulation.Reading an essay in this book , however, one sees from authors Ronnie Lipschutz and Cathleen Fogul a different narrative, recounting how globalisation has destabilised any idea of national deregulation.The book is: "The Emergence of Private Authority in Global Governance", edited by Rodney Bruce Hall. It has Lipschutz and Fogul telling us:Lipschutz and Fogul then remark:Markets, they say,rules in order to function in an orderly fashion. Thus, they add, there is a "central paradox", in that:The great advantage of international regulation is not only that it reduces transaction costs of 190 different sets of national laws, such regulatory harmonisation also tends to "eliminate politics" from certain conflictual areas by shifting regulatory authority out of the domestic sphere and into the international one. There, "representative national and subnational institutions lack power and any ability to intervene".In effect, the depoliticisation of regulation (inevitably stripping out democratic accountability) is a necessary function of globalisation – a feature rather than a bug, as the saying goes.With that, one can quite understand the proponents of globalisation being less than enthusiastic about parading the anti-democratic nature of the regulatory processes. Furthermore, it should come as no surprise that the EU has served to conceal the origins of many of the regulatory products arising out of globalisation.But now we are confronting Brexit, the extent of this deception is being exposed, and we are beginning to get some idea of what has been hiding behind the skirts of "mother Europe". It is perverse, therefore, that the anti-EU Tory Right are, in effect, working with the EU in obscuring the process of globalisation, either by ignoring it or pretending it doesn't exist.To an extent, these people are trapped by their own rhetoric. Having cast the EU as the root of all evil – particularly in terms of "barmy rules" - they are then unable to adjust to the fact that, in many areas, their criticisms have been over-stated. If follows naturally that they cannot admit that that Brexit will barely dent the corpus of regulation to which they have so long and so noisily objected.Given that one of the key slogans for the official Vote Leave campaign was "take back control", it is even more embarrassing for this grouping to have to concede that much of the "control" does not rest in the hands of their hated EU. Instead, it lies with a diffuse compendium of global standards-setting bodies, which will continue to operate long after the UK has left the EU.What the Tory Right also fail to understand is that, apart from a tiny faction of the disaffected, no one cares very much who decides on the global standard for sugar in jam, or for ergot in flour. What does matter, as the Egyptians are finding out , is what happens when national governments go off the rails and get the policy wrong.This is the territory we covered in Monograph 12 , and which we explore further in our latest Monograph . But what we are basically saying is that, if we are going to manage Brexit effectively, we will have to come to terms with the role and effects of globalisation. Mrs May will then have to decide how to accommodate it in the post-Brexit environment, and work out a way of maintaining the momentum, while satisfying the aspirations of the rational Brexiteers.
Anything else is not a serious option.
A propane tank explosion in a Montreal apartment building has left five people injured, two of them critically.
Paramedics say the two severely injured people had burns on roughly 80 per cent of their bodies but no impact wounds, which are typical in explosions. A firefighter suffered minor injuries.
Firefighters say a preliminary investigation indicates the explosion occurred near a ground-floor staircase.
Roughly 100 firefighters were on scene, as well as police and paramedics.
Police have cordoned off the area and experts are examining the building to determine whether it's stable.
Spokeswoman Lynn Duncan says the investigation has been transferred over to the force's arson squad to determine the cause of the explosion.
"The initial cause would be a propane tank explosion, causing a fire that was quickly controlled by the firemen," she said.
The explosion occurred at around noon at a three-storey, 52-unit rooming house at 1460 Bélanger Street, between Garnier and Fabre streets, on the border of Montreal's Rosemont—La-Petite-Patrie and Villeray boroughs.
The force of the explosion blew out the building's windows.
Veteran actor, Naseeruddin Shah has slammed Anupam Kher mocking his claim to represent the interests of Kashmiri Pandits.
Also Read | Curious case of Padma Bhushan Award winner Anupam Kher
Taking a potshot at Kher, he said that someone who'd never lived in Kashmir had suddenly started fighting for Kashmiri Pandits.
He said, “A person who has never lived in Kashmir has started a fight for Kashmiri Pandits. Suddenly, he became a displaced person,” Shah was quoted by PTI.
Also Read | Chilling similarity of Anupam Kher's tweet with Hitler's metaphors is no accident
According to PTI, the 66-year-old actor was in the capital to promote his film “Waiting” which released on Friday.
Shah also said that he was worried by the “changes made in few textbooks.” He, however, added that the government was not “stupid” enough to turn the nation towards “dark ages”.
He said, “I believe the people in the government are not stupid to understand the choices in front of them, either to build a modern India or to take us back into the dark ages. I think they are not stupid to take the second choice.
Also Read | Widow sister-in-law in Chandigarh accuse Anupam Kher, Kiron Kher of land grab, harassment using power
Shah said he agreed with lyricist Javed Akhtar's statements made during his farewell speech in Rajya Sabha saying nobody had the right to question a person's love for their motherland.
“I am sad that statements like these (referring to AIMIM MP Asaddudin Owaisi) are made and then they are not even condemned. Like Javed sahab said, ‘It is his right to say ‘Vande Mataram' and ‘Bharat mata ki jai'. I will say it with my choice not because somebody asks me to,' I support him. Nobody has a right to question my love for my country,” he said.
Here is the latest in a series of examinations into urban legends about football and whether they are true or false. Click here to view an archive of the football urban legends featured so far.
FOOTBALL URBAN LEGEND : The beginning of the second half of Super Bowl I was re-played because NBC missed it.
The very first Super Bowl between the AFL and the NFL was such a unique event at the time that no one was exactly prepared on how to handle it at first.
One area that was very much unsettled was who would AIR the game! NBC had an exclusive contract with the AFL while CBS had an exclusive contract with the NFL.
So the two networks came to a rather unusual agreement that would not be seen again until over forty years later, the two networks would simulcast the game (at the end of the 2007 season, when the Patriots' final game of the season was originally scheduled to air on the NFL Network, the NFL ultimately agreed to simulcast the game on CBS and NBC, as well, due to its historic nature, with the Patriots looking to finish the season undefeated)!
CBS had their announcers: Ray Scott, Jack Whitaker and Frank Gifford and NBC had theirs: Curt Gowdy and Paul Christman.
However, while each network had their own announcing team, they both shared CBS' feed. Since the game was played in the Los Angeles Coliseum, home of the NFL's Los Angeles Rams, CBS had priority. So during the game, NBC's announcers and crew had to go by whatever the CBS sports director decided to show. As you might imagine, it was not a smooth experience (although we really don't know for SURE what it sounded like, as sadly there are no full recordings left of the first Super Bowl – the network tapes of the game were “wiped,” which was common for the time for live events. Networks didn't feel the need to archive events that they were not planning to re-air).
Nothing was odder, though, than what happened when the third quarter began – something that really showed you JUST how awkward the whole affair was. You see, when the Green Bay Packers kicked off to the Kansas City Chiefs to start the second half, NBC was still in a commercial!
Not a big deal, though, right? So NBC was a little late – they'll catch up, no?
No.
The on-field officials were notified of the “problem” and actually called the play dead and had them RE-KICK the kick-off!!!
Can you imagine something like that happening in the Super Bowl in 2013?
But back in 1967, the NFL was not nearly as powerful, so they followed the network's lead.
At least things began to get straightened out the next year, and Super Bowl I remains the only Super Bowl ever to be shared between two networks.
The legend is…
STATUS : True
Feel free (heck, I implore you!) to write in with your suggestions for future urban legends columns! My e-mail address is [email protected]
BleedBlueKentucky.com is reporting that 4-star Ohio receiver Monty Madaris has decided to visit the University of Kentucky this weekend.
With Kentucky recently losing out on 4-star running back Imani Cross to Nebraska, a commit from Madaris (at a position that has frustrated the coaching staff and the fans this past season) would definitely be a shot in the arm for Joker Phillips' 2012 recruiting class.
Madaris is ranked as the No. 36 wide receiver prospect in the country by ESPN.com. He is thought to be leaning toward Michigan State (who has officially offered him), but he also currently holds offers from Kentucky, Cincinnati, Connecticut, Florida State, Indiana, Louisville and Illinois.
With the recent late push for Cross and now Madaris, it is clear that this staff has no qualms about making a late push in the recruiting process for skill position players. Kentucky fans hope the staff is going after them because they truly believe that they can be convinced to become Wildcats...and not out of desperation.
With National Signing Day coming up on Wednesday, February 1, there should be quite a bit of movement and surprises over the next few days.
The Cambridge City Council passed a city ordinance last Monday that would require pinball machine operators to have at least 500 square feet of space for each "automatic amusement machine."
The ordinance would effectively shut down the city's pinball arcades and restrict most restaurants and stores to one pinball machine.
"1001 Plays [a pinball arcade on Mass. Ave. between Harvard and Central Squares] would have to be relocated in Fenway Park to meet the footage requirement," Barry Rosenthal, an attorney for several Cambridge arcades, said yesterday.
Rosenthal promised a court fight in the issue. "You can expect 200 suits," one from each of the pinball operators in the city," he warned the council. Ralph Hoagland, owner of 1001 Plays, said later he would go to court to get the square footage provision struck down.
The council passed the ordinance, which also calls for attendants at sites with pinball machines and restricts the hours school children may use the machines, on a 7-1 vote. "If I had my way, I'd ban the damn things altogether--they serve no useful purpose," Cambridge Mayor Thomas W. Danehy told the council, councilors described pinball arcades as "public nuisances" and said that school children were skipping school to play pinball.
Advertisement
Rosenthal said the pinball industry could "live with the regulations if it weren't for the 500 foot restriction," which he termed unconstitutional. "There is no health or safety reason that you need 500 square feet for a pinball machine which is 15 square feet," he said.
He added that the footage requirements would also keep small store owners from operating more than one machine. "Tommy's Lunch, which has had pinball machine permits for 21 years, would be restricted to one machine under the new regulations," he said.
The new regulations may affect pinball machines in some of the University's Houses. University officials were unavailable for comment last week, however.
Russell Higley, a city lawyer who drafted the legislation, said the square footage restriction had "a good chance of being upheld in court. We knew it would be challenged, and we drafted it with an eye to that," Higley added.
Higley said that even if the footage restriction is struck down, a severability clause in the legislation would permit enforcement of other sections of the ordinance, which would ban licenses for pinball machines that would "increase the incidence of illegal or disruptive conduct in the area."
"Any judge in the Commonwealth will grant a restraining order" against enforcing the entire ordinance solely because of the footage provisions, Rosenthal said.
The council defeated two attempts to delete the footage requirement from the legislation, and one introduced by councilor Kevin Crane '72 to change the footage requirement to 250 feet. "That would have meant we needed Boston Garden instead of Fenway Park," Rosenthal said.
Councilor Lawrence Frisoli, who voted in favor of deleting the footage requirements told the council that it was "wasting the city's resources by buying a suit.
DeepMap Collaborates with Ford on HD Mapping Research for Autonomous Vehicles
DeepMap, Inc. Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 24, 2017
By Wei Luo, COO & Head of Product
DeepMap is pleased to announce a collaborative research project with Ford Motor Company. Ford is working with DeepMap on high-definition (HD) mapping and localization technologies. The aim is to efficiently create high-definition maps with ultra-precise accuracy at the centimeter level.
DeepMap's HD mapping technology combines specialized expertise across disciplines, including sensor fusion, machine learning, computer vision, embedded systems, computational geometry, and more.
Ford and DeepMap researchers will work together to advance the development of HD mapping. By working together, both teams hope to gain a better understanding of the real-life needs of HD maps for autonomous driving and other AV-enabled mobility applications and services.
The early phase of the project will focus on mapping certain parts of the Bay Area, where Ford's Silicon Valley Research and Innovation Center and DeepMap are located.
Adapted from The Improbabilty Principle: Why Coincidences, Miracles, and Rare Events Happen Every Day, by David J. Hand, by arrangement with Scientific American/Farrar, Straus and Giroux, LLC (North America), Transworld (UK), Ambo|Anthos (Holland), C.H. Beck (Germany), Companhia das Letras (Brazil), Grupa Wydawnicza Foksal (Poland), Locus Publishing Co. (Taiwan), AST (Russia). Copyright © 2014 by David J. Hand.
A set of mathematical laws that I call the Improbability Principle tells us that we should not be surprised by coincidences. In fact, we should expect coincidences to happen. One of the key strands of the principle is the law of truly large numbers. This law says that given enough opportunities, we should expect a specified event to happen, no matter how unlikely it may be at each opportunity. Sometimes, though, when there are really many opportunities, it can look as if there are only relatively few. This misperception leads us to grossly underestimate the probability of an event: we think something is incredibly unlikely, when it's actually very likely, perhaps almost certain.
How can a huge number of opportunities occur without people realizing they are there? The law of combinations, a related strand of the Improbability Principle, points the way. It says: the number of combinations of interacting elements increases exponentially with the number of elements. The “birthday problem” is a well-known example.
The birthday problem poses the following question: How many people must be in a room to make it more likely than not that two of them share the same birthday?
The answer is just 23. If there are 23 or more people in the room, then it's more likely than not that two will have the same birthday.
Now, if you haven't encountered the birthday problem before, this might strike you as surprising. Twenty-three might sound far too small a number. Perhaps you reasoned as follows: There's only a one-in-365 chance that any particular other person will have the same birthday as me. So there's a 364/365 chance that any particular person will have a different birthday from me. If there are n people in the room, with each of the other n − 1 having a probability of 364/365 of having a different birthday from me, then the probability that all n − 1 have a different birthday from me is 364/365 × 364/365 × 364/365 × 364/365 … × 364/365, with 364/365 multiplied together n − 1 times. If n is 23, this is 0.94.
Because that's the probability that none of them share my birthday, the probability that at least one of them has the same birthday as me is just 1 − 0.94. (This follows by reasoning that either someone has the same birthday as me or that no one has the same birthday as me, so the probabilities of these two events must add up to 1.) Now, 1 − 0.94 = 0.06. That's very small.
Yet this is the wrong calculation to consider because that probability—the probability that someone has the same birthday as you—is not what the question asked. It asked about the probability that any two people in the same room have the same birthday as each other. This includes the probability that one of the others has the same birthday as you, which is what I calculated above, but it also includes the probability that two or more of the other people share the same birthday, different from yours.
This is where the combinations kick in. Whereas there are only n − 1 people who might share the same birthday as you, there are a total of n × (n − 1)/2 pairs of people in the room. This number of pairs grows rapidly as n gets larger. When n equals 23, it's 253, which is more than 10 times as large as n − 1 = 22. That is, if there are 23 people in the room, there are 253 possible pairs of people but only 22 pairs that include you.
So let's look at the probability that none of the 23 people in the room share the same birthday. For two people, the probability that the second person doesn't have the same birthday as the first is 364/365. Then the probability that those two are different and that a third doesn't share the same birthday as either of them is 364/365 × 363/365. Likewise, the probability that those three have different birthdays and that the fourth does not share the same birthday as any of those first three is 364/365 × 363/365 × 362/365. Continuing like this, the probability that none of the 23 people share the same birthday is 364/365 × 363/365 × 362/365 × 361/365 … × 343/365.
This equals 0.49. Because the probability that none of the 23 people share the same birthday is 0.49, the probability that some of them share the same birthday is just 1 − 0.49, or 0.51, which is greater than half.
Winning the Lottery
For another example of how a seemingly improbable event is actually quite probable, let's look at lotteries. On September 6, 2009, the Bulgarian lottery randomly selected as the winning numbers 4, 15, 23, 24, 35, 42. There is nothing surprising about these numbers. The digits that make up the numbers are all low values—1, 2, 3, 4 or 5—but that is not so unusual. Also, there is a consecutive pair of values, 23 and 24, although this happens far more often than is generally appreciated (if you ask people to randomly choose six numbers from 1 to 49, for example, they choose consecutive pairs less often than pure chance would).
What was surprising was what happened four days later: on September 10, the Bulgarian lottery randomly selected as the winning numbers 4, 15, 23, 24, 35, 42—exactly the same numbers as the previous week. The event caused something of a media storm at the time. “This is happening for the first time in the 52-year history of the lottery. We are absolutely stunned to see such a freak coincidence, but it did happen,” a spokeswoman was quoted as saying in a September 18 Reuters article. Bulgaria's then sports minister Svilen Neikov ordered an investigation. Could a massive fraud have been perpetrated? Had the previous numbers somehow been copied?
In fact, this rather stunning coincidence was simply another example of the Improbability Principle, in the form of the law of truly large numbers amplified by the law of combinations. First, many lotteries are conducted around the world. Second, they occur time after time, year in and year out. This rapidly adds up to a large number of opportunities for lottery numbers to repeat. And third, the law of combinations comes into effect: each time a lottery result is drawn, it could contain the same numbers as produced in any of the previous draws. In general, as with the birthday situation, if you run a lottery n times, there are n × (n − 1)/2 pairs of lottery draws that could have a matching string of numbers.
The Bulgarian lottery that repeated numbers in 2009 is a six-out-of-49 lottery, so the chance of any particular set of six numbers coming up is one in 13,983,816. That means that the chance that any particular two draws will match is one in 13,983,816. But what about the chance that some two draws among three draws will match? Or the chance that some two draws among 50 draws will match?
There are three possible pairs among three draws but 1,225 among 50 draws. The law of combinations is coming into play. If we take it further, among 1,000 draws there are 499,500 possible pairs. In other words, if we multiply the number of draws by 20, increasing it from 50 to 1,000, the impact on the number of pairs is much greater, multiplying it by almost 408 and increasing it from 1,225 to 499,500. We are entering the realm of truly large numbers.
How many draws would be needed so that the probability of drawing the same six numbers twice was greater than one half—so that this event was more likely than not? Using the same method we used in the birthday problem results in an answer of 4,404.
If two draws occur each week, making 104 in a year, this number of draws will take less than 43 years. That means that after 43 years, it is more likely than not that some two of the sets of six numbers drawn by the lottery machine will have matched exactly. That puts a rather different complexion on the Bulgarian spokeswoman's comment that it was a freak coincidence!
And that's just for one lottery. When we take into account the number of lotteries around the world, we see that it would be amazing if draws did not occasionally repeat. So you won't be surprised to learn that in Israel's Mifal HaPayis state lottery, the numbers drawn on October 16, 2010—13, 14, 26, 32, 33, 36—were exactly the same as those drawn a few weeks earlier, on September 21. You won't be surprised to learn that, but scores of people flooded Israel's talk radio programs with calls to complain that the lottery was fixed.
The Bulgarian lottery result was unusual in that the duplicate sets of numbers occurred in consecutive draws. But the law of truly large numbers, combined with the fact that there are many lotteries around the world regularly rolling out their numbers, means we shouldn't be too surprised—and so we shouldn't be taken aback to hear that it had happened before. For example, the North Carolina Cash 5 lottery produced the same winning numbers on July 9 and 11, 2007.
Another, rather frustrating way in which the law of combinations can generate lottery matches is illustrated by what happened to Maureen Wilcox in 1980. She bought tickets containing the winning numbers for both the Massachusetts State Lottery and the Rhode Island Lottery. Unfortunately for her, however, her ticket for the Massachusetts Lottery held the winning numbers for the Rhode Island Lottery, and vice versa. If you buy tickets for 10 lotteries, you have 10 chances of winning. But 10 tickets mean 45 pairs of tickets, so the chance that one of the 10 tickets will match one of the 10 lottery draws is more than four times larger than your chance of winning. For obvious reasons, this is not a recipe for obtaining a vast fortune because matching a ticket for one lottery with the outcome of the draw for another wins you nothing—apart from a suspicion that the universe is making fun of you.
The law of combinations applies when there are many interacting people or objects. Suppose, for example, that we have a class of 30 students. They can interact in various ways. They can work as individuals: there are 30 of them; they can work in pairs—there are 435 different pairs; they can work in triples—there are 4,060 possible different triples; and so on, up to, of course, them all working together—there is one set of all 30 students working together.
In total, the number of different possible groups of students that could be formed is 1,073,741,823. That's more than a billion, all just from 30 students. In general, if a set has n elements, there are 2n − 1 possible subsets that could be formed. If n = 100, the result is 2100 − 1, which is approximately equal to 1030, a truly large number in anyone's terms.
But if even 1030 isn't large enough for you, consider the implications of the World Wide Web, which has around 2.5 billion users, any and all of whom can interact with any of the others. This gives 3 × 1018 pairs and 10750,000,000 possible groups of interacting members. Even events with very small probabilities become almost certain if you give them that many opportunities to happen.
Next time you experience a seemingly strange coincidence, think of the Improbability Principle.
*Editor's Note (2/10/14): This article has been reposted. The original posting held incorrect information due to technical errors that resulted in the loss of superscript formatting.
Celebrating Our Past Presidents This month is all about Presidents' Day, a day to honor our past presidents and their contributions to America. But did you know that Presidents' Day was originally celebrated on George Washington's birthday on February 22? In an effort to create a uniform system of federal Monday holidays, in 1968, Congress passed a law shifting three existing holidays including Washington's Birthday – commonly known as Presidents' Day – to the third Monday in February.
Think You Got Game? Can you put the U.S. presidents in order? Play the U.S. Mint's “Presidential Challenge” game and find out! This fun and educational trivia game can be played for individual enrichment or as part of a classroom lesson.
Coins of the Month Presidential $1 Coins and First Spouse Gold Coins From 2007-2017, the U.S. Mint issued a series of Presidential $1 Coins, honoring all past presidents of the United States who have been dead for at least two years, as well as First Spouse Gold Coins, featuring the Presidents' spouses and a design that illustrates the spouse's life and work. Fast Facts: For each Presidential $1 Coin, the front of the coin features the president's portrait, name, and years the president's term began and ended.
The back of the Presidential $1 Coin includes an image of the Statue of Liberty.
For each First Spouse Gold Coin, the front features an image of the First Spouse.
The back of the First Spouse Gold Coin illustrates part of that spouse's life and work.
Presidential Lesson Plans Teach your students about our past presidents and their contributions to our nation: A Day as President (Grades K-1)
Students will identify the President as the leader of the United States government. Students will identify the jobs and responsibilities of the President of the United States. Presidential Biography (Grades 4-6)
Students will identify George Washington and his contributions to the United States, including serving as the commander of the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War, leader of the Constitutional Convention, and the first president of the United States. Students will understand that a biography is a type of literary genre. History in the Making (Grades 7-8)
Students will make associations between a historical period, the office of the President of the United States, and foreign policy. They will. diagram this connection and write an essay and present a team skit. They Were Born Where? (Grades 9-10)
Students will identify where the presidents of the United States were born and the role of geography in determining election outcomes by creating graphs and analyzing the results of presidential elections.
Analysis - What happens when a respected 30-year veteran of Parliament becomes the Mayor of Auckland and locks horns with the city's most critical and intractable problem?
So far, it's the convening of a Taskforce on Housing that may last only months, and in the words of the mayor Phil Goff, cost the council "a morning tea and a couple of muffins".
Photo: RNZ / Supplied
His description may have been tongue-in-cheek, but it raises questions, which Mr Goff will need to answer, about how he's adapting to the more collegial and collaborative world of local government.
In winning the mayoralty, Mr Goff campaigned strongly on the need to address Auckland's housing crisis. A shortfall of homes - 40,000 and worsening - and record unaffordability.
The short and unusual path to yesterday's announcement of the Taskforce warrants a revisit.
On Tuesday, strategist Leonie Freeman canned what she described as her philanthropic initiative to create a multi-sector entity tasked with ensuring 125,000 homes were built in Auckland in a decade.
Ms Freeman, a past senior manager at Housing New Zealand and a director of listed company Goodman Property, had spent six months on the idea but found there was no interest at either the Auckland Council or government.
She told Morning Report the council's rejection said the decision reflected "the views of the mayor".
Later in the day, the mayor's office told RNZ Mr Goff was in fact working on a taskforce, something he'd not mentioned in an interview the previous day.
Mr Goff's decision surprised both council staff who'd spent years working on housing and the former deputy mayor Penny Hulse, who'd led that work and promoted Ms Freeman's idea within the council.
An informal multi-sector group, formed by Ms Hulse in the second council term, had met just the previous day, continuing its work, unaware of Mr Goff's intentions.
Mr Goff, in a 13-minute recorded interview, part of which played on Checkpoint, confirmed he had not discussed the taskforce idea either with Ms Hulse or the council's specialist housing staff.
"The discussion was mainly between myself, the chair of the planning committee Chris Darby, and the deputy mayor Bill Cashmore, who are key players," said Mr Goff.
"Penny Hulse had been overseas at C40 so missed a couple of meetings, but the person now in charge of the planning committee is Chris Darby."
The mayor said the Taskforce idea emerged from a meeting last week with the Minister for Building and Housing Nick Smith.
"The Minister said, 'do you want to continue the Housing Accord, or something fresh?' And my preference is for something fresh," he told RNZ.
Mr Goff wants to assemble public and private sector players and government representatives perhaps before Christmas, but more likely in the New Year.
The Taskforce will scan all the barriers getting in the way of more rapid home-building, make recommendations, and pass them to the the minister by mid-year.
Mr Goff said he preferred that practical, and "morning-tea" level approach to Ms Freeman's initiative, the next stage of which would have cost $250,000.
The two approaches couldn't be more different.
The mayor's taskforce will traverse the list of known hurdles, such as the cost of infrastructure, a skills shortage, the rising cost of building materials and more.
The list may resemble some which have been compiled since - and probably before - the Productivity Commission's March 2012 report on Housing Affordability.
The answers may well be left in the hands of the government to implement, or not, as it wishes.
Ms Freeman's $250,000 next stage, of which the council might have been asked to contribute $50 - $100,000, would have created an entity whose work may not have been done for a decade.
It would have not only weighed up problems, and sought answers, but then been responsible for ensuring the construction of the homes.
Whether it would have worked will never be known.
Whether Mr Goff's Taskforce will work, could be known by mid-2017.
It will need to rise above the circumstances of its creation within the mayoral office, and without the reference to council personnel behind a large body of research, and with knowledge of Auckland's housing woes.
A London mosque has painted its dome in support of a politician running against Nigel Farage in South Thanet in Thursday's general election, risking legal proceedings for contravening British laws which prohibit religious figures exerting ‘undue spiritual influence' over elections.
The East-London Shacklewell Lane Mosque, which is also the headquarters of the UK Islamic Trust, was persuaded to to paint the dome mural by Reality party candidate Nigel Askew because of his hard-left views on Multiculturalism and Islamic faith. The Guardian reports Askew's comments, where he explained he was able to diffuse tension with older, more conservative mosque goers by praying with them: “I went for Friday prayers and around 1,000 people were there, and they were a bit taken aback about the mural, especially some of the older members.
“But I understand that it is a bit outrageous and unheard of to paint a mosque like this. I prayed with them, and met them afterwards, and everyone agreed with the message”.
If the religious political message is investigated by the electoral commission, it could take precedent from the recent nullification of the mayoralty of political fraudster Lutfur Rahman, who was convicted of conspiring with Imams in East London to force Muslims into voting for him. The relevant law, which deals with ‘undue spiritual influence' was introduced during the reign of Queen Victoria to deal with Catholic priests influencing the votes of Irish electors.
The Reality party is standing on a joint ticket with the Green party in South Thanet, campaigning on a platform of ‘ending fracking in Thanet', promoting ‘multicultural society', and nationalisation of assets. Nigel Askew, South Thanet pub landlord who decided to stand after comedy pub landlord Al Murray stood as a publicity device for his comedy tour lampooning Nigel Farage said of the mural: “South Thanet has been consumed with propaganda on immigration, spreading a message of fear and racial disharmony.
“I am honoured the Muslim community of Dalston are making this wonderful gesture. The Reality Party is about inclusiveness, with all people standing together for responsible prosperity, and against injustice.
“The gesture from the Shacklewell Lane Mosque is a wonderful gesture that Britain must celebrate its diversity”.
A Reality party spokesman told the Hackney Citizen they would have painted the message on a Mosque in South Thanet itself, except there aren't any in the constituency. The charity commission has contacted the charity which runs the Mosque “urgently” to remove the mural, as it contravenes UK charity laws on political campaigning.
WATCH: Askew speaks from roof of East London Mosque
This took me a while, because I had to do some commissions after I had started to paint it.Basically, it's based on this painting [link] which was based on / inspired by this photo [link] of thewaywefall [link] (thanks again for letting me use it for reference).Actually, I haven't got a title for this, but it was fun to paint!(I listened to IMMOLATION, TAAKE, HJARNIDAUDI, AT THE GATES, NECROS CHRISTOS and many others for inspiration while painting - btw, If any Metal band would like to buy a licence to use this as a coverart, just contact me)Wacom tablet, Painter and a bit of Photoshop workEdit: I've uploaded the image with my homepage in it, sorry for that, but I have noticed that someone has uploaded one of my paintings on facebook and pretended that he has painted it. So, I'm afraid, I'll have to do this with all my paintings in future...
VERNON, B.C. — RCMP executed two search warrants on a pair of licensed marijuana grow operations in Vernon this morning.
Cpl Dan Moskaluk says police believe in both cases, they were being operated for the purpose of drug trafficking, with possible ties to organized crime.
"Although there were two separate searches conducted, both searches fall under the same investigation, with linkages between the two operations," said Moskaluk.
A commercial building in the 24-hundred block of 14th Avenue and a home in the 65-hundred block of Scott Road were raided.
Moskaluk says reports of shots fired at the Scott Road site were actually from police discharging a shotgun designed to quickly open a secured door.
Four people were taken into custody at the two locations, two men and two women, with the investigation ongoing.
Republicans have a long and storied history with the Minneapolis Star Tribune's pollsters. The short version: They loathe Minnesota polls. A new survey out over the weekend shows a surprising result in the state's U.S. Senate race, causing tensions to flare up once again.
The poll, conducted by Princeton Survey Research, surveyed 1,084 likely voters 9/30-10/2 for a margin of error of +/- 3.7%. Republican Senator Norm Coleman, satirist Al Franken of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party and Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley were tested.
General Election Matchup
Franken........43 (+6 from last, 9/12)
Coleman........34 (-7)
Barkley........18 (+5)
Pollsters found Coleman's once-strong job approval rating diving to 38%, the lowest ever measured in the Star Tribune poll, and suggested Franken's lead can largely be attributed to Barack Obama's strength in the state.
Republicans fired back, with Coleman's pollster issuing a memo questioning the Star Tribune's results. The memo points to a SurveyUSA poll from earlier last week that showed Coleman with a ten-point lead over Franken, and to eight of eleven polls that have Coleman ahead.
The Star Tribune poll "is wrong and inaccurate," pollster Glen Bolger wrote, arguing that Democrats were significantly oversampled. "These numbers would be accurate if the Star Tribune had done this poll in New York -- not in Minnesota!"
"Based on our own internal polling, as well as the trend averages of public polls over the past month, it is my opinion that we hold a narrow, but statistically significant lead going into the final weeks of the campaign," Bolger concluded.
Republicans have had problems with Star Tribune pollsters since at least 2002. But the most recent poll over which Republicans cried wolf turned out to be surprisingly accurate. Two-Star Tribune polls out in early October and early November 2006 showed then-Hennepin County Attorney Amy Klobuchar leading Rep. Mark Kennedy by a 21-point margin. After the Star Tribune took serious beatings from the GOP, Klobuchar won by twenty points.
The paper is using a different pollster now than they did in 2006, but it hasn't stopped Republicans from finding fault with the Star Tribune's numbers. The barely-concealed hatred is bubbling back to the surface.
SEOUL (Reuters) - An unmanned drone crashed on a South Korean island near a disputed maritime border with North Korea, a South Korean defense ministry official said on Tuesday, triggering an investigation into whether the aircraft was from the North.
An crashed unmanned drone is seen on Baengnyeong, an island near the border with North Korea April 1, 2014. REUTERS/Yonhap
The drone fell on Baengnyeong island at about 4 p.m. on Monday, when North Korea fired hundreds of artillery rounds in seas close to a disputed maritime line. That triggered a similar show of strength from South Korea.
The South Korean military was trying to verify where the drone had come from and what its purpose might have been, and was also looking into any possible link to North Korea's espionage operations, the military official told Reuters.
The official, who asked not to be identified, did not give any further details.
North Korea fired more than 100 artillery rounds into South Korean waters as part of a drill on Monday, prompting the South to fire back. The exercise appeared to be more saber-rattling by Pyongyang, rather than the start of a military standoff.
Yonhap News Agency, quoting an unidentified South Korean government official, reported that the drone was 2 to 3 meters (7 to 10 ft) long and comprised a Japanese engine and Chinese parts, as well as a small camera.
Yonhap also said the drone was similar to another found in a border city late last month.
Images of the crashed drone on domestic cable news network YTN showed the wreckage of a small aircraft bearing similar paint and markings to North Korean drones displayed in a Pyongyang parade last year.
Those drones were larger target drones modified to crash into pre-determined targets, but are not believed to be capable of air strikes or long-range surveillance flights.
Small, commercially available remote-controlled aircraft can be modified to carry video cameras and other surveillance equipment.
Share. Prison Capers. Prison Capers.
One of the most highly regarded and seminal works of Batman fiction is Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth. An inspiration for Batman: Arkham Asylum, it tells the tale of what happens when the Dark Knight is forced to spend a night with the madhouse's criminally insane inmates - or, to paraphrase Rorschach in Watchmen, what happens when they're forced to spend a night with him. On a smaller scale, both in physical size on 3DS and PS Vita, and in implementation, that's the general idea behind the good-but-not-great Batman: Arkham Origins - Blackgate, as the caped crusader returns to the prison three months after Arkham Origins' conclusion.
I bring up that graphic novel because, as evidenced by Batman: Arkham Asylum, the setup is epic, worthy of a grand tour de force in which Batman has to tackle his demons, both the twisted villains in the real world and the ones inside his own head. That is not the case in Blackgate, which turns a night inside Gotham's notorious prison, now controlled by Black Mask, Penguin, and Joker, into a fairly run-of-the-mill Metroidvania-style action adventure.
Exit Theatre Mode
“Well, what do you expect?” I can hear you ask, “It's a handheld game!” True, and it manages to condense the essence of the Arkham series into a pint-sized experience that retains the stealth and combat of its console big brothers. But it also feels like a stripped-down version of Arkham Origins - more of an addendum than an experience that stands on its own. Even Batman remarks in one of Blackgate's low-tech, graphic novel-style opening cinematics that it seems like he was just here.
That's not to say that I think Blackgate isn't entertaining. As our review of Arkham Origins on consoles notes, even when a Batman: Arkham game isn't very good, it's still pretty good.
Though it regurgitates the main villains and one of the major settings from Origins, Blackgate deviates from it in a few major ways. First up, it's a 2.5D side-scroller in which you have to explore each of Blackgate's three villain-controlled areas - Penguin's cell blocks, Black Mask's industrial complex, and Joker's administration area - to uncover the reason for the mysterious explosion that's freed them. The Dark Knight makes the transition to the small screen well - the visuals (except for the aforementioned cinematics, which go for comic book realness but end up just looking stilted and ugly) are mostly up to Arkham standards, and the Bat's fight animations are nearly as fluid as they are on consoles. Because it's set inside a prison, though, too many of the environments look very same-y and not terribly interesting. Except for some colorful flourishes in Joker's area, most of Blackgate's level design leans toward dark and sparse.
Exit Theatre Mode
A particular problem in Blackgate's presentation is in the occasional “invisible predator” sequences set inside large environments. A room large enough to fit multiple vantage points, destructible distractions like fire extinguishers, and roaming henchmen condensed on a handheld screen turns Batman into Ant-Man. Given that the guy is wearing a suit designed to blend into the shadows, it's easy to lose track of our miniaturized hero in those situations.
For some reason, Batman came ill-prepared to the Blackgate party. As is the nature of a Metroidvania-style game, Bats starts out with just his trusty Batarang when he reaches the prison, and has to search its confines for gadgets like his Batclaw and explosive gel that can be used to reach new areas. Blackgate's lazy fiction doesn't bother to explain why he's so poorly armed in the first place, though, or why WayneTech crates full of high-tech weaponry are littering a maximum-security prison.
Combat follows the same dynamics previously seen in the Arkham series, and is nearly as fun, just simpler due to taking place on a 2D plane. Countering an incoming attack and then knocking the stuffing out of an inmate is familiar and fluid, though the quasi-3D nature of the visuals means that Bats and his attackers will sometimes magically align to the same plane if one is a little more in the background or foreground than the other. That doesn't impact gameplay at all, but can look a little odd.
Blackgate adapts Batman's stealth gameplay in a limited way, letting you hide in sewer grates or rappel up to the rafters to plan a sneak attack in simply designed rooms and hallways. It's nothing you haven't probably seen before, though, and because you'll want to clear rooms of enemies, stealth is more of a mandatory puzzle-solving device to avoid being instantly killed by thugs with machine guns.
Boss fights are likewise simplified, especially the tame one-on-one battles that rely heavily on quick-time events to win. They offer some variety in the gameplay, and it's good to match up against characters not seen in Arkham Origins, like Catwoman and Bronze Tiger.
Exit Theatre Mode
Batman's Detective mode is mostly about swiping your finger or stylus around the touch screen to uncover usable objects or collect clues to solve side-mysteries. These mysteries are automatically solved once you find all the clues and only unlock concept art, so don't get too excited. You can also discover hidden WayneTech gear to augment your suit and gadgets with extra armor and enhanced abilities, though, so it pays to be diligent with your finger-swiping.
Arkham Origins Blackgate is virtually identical on 3DS and Vita, but the Vita version looks a little bit better and it's easier to sweep a room in Detective Mode with your finger on the Vita's touchscreen than it is to use the Circle Pad to scroll around the screen on 3DS. It looks decent in 3D on 3DS, but you won't be missing anything if you leave it turned off – and the cut scenes are only displayed in 2D as well.
Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate Deluxe Edition
The HD version of Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate for consoles and PC brings the small-sized experience to big screens almost completely unchanged - a fact that could be jarring to fans of previous Arkham outings. While the graphics have certainly been upscaled for HD displays, the lower-poly character models and chunky animations are still handheld quality. It's not that the Deluxe Edition doesn't look good - far from it - however, you should be aware that it's not quite up to the visual snuff of Batman: Arkham Origins.
Exit Theatre Mode
The Deluxe Edition looks best on the PC, but you'll probably want to use a gamepad instead of the mouse and keyboard...or at least reconfigure the control settings. For some reason, the default setting has the right mouse button used for both attack counters AND readying your batarang, which can result in some messy combat and a concussed Dark Knight.
The congressmen's assumptions turned out to be completely, even spectacularly wrong. Immigration from Asia totaled about 15,000 a year in the 1950s but surged to 43,000 a year in the '60s, then to six times that amount by the '80s. Policymakers had no understanding of the concept of “chain migration,” which renders the composition of the native cohort not nearly as meaningful as the future supply of the incoming cohort. To put it simply, while there were many Americans of French descent already in the United States, they had comparatively few relatives available and willing to migrate, whereas the small number of Thai in America were linked to millions of other Thai seeking to emigrate. The reason this miscalculation was important is not because we ought to prefer European immigrants to Asian ones. Rather, if policymakers had understood the concept of “chain migration,” they might have ditched the family reunification system entirely in favor of a more meritocratic or humanitarian one. Instead, the country was saddled with an immigration policy that neither sought out the most skilled applicants nor recognized its historic obligation to the needy of the world (“give us your tired, your poor”), opting instead to cater to the special interests of some of its citizens.
The second accident that defines our current dysfunctional system comes on the heels of the first: By the 1980s, congressional panels began to think up ways to redress what they saw as the immigration system's bias against Europeans. It had become clear that family reunification hurt would-be European migrants because they had no immediate relatives in America—most of their ancestors had migrated decades ago, whereas Asians and Latin Americans had “fresher” ties to the United States and could keep coming. At the same time, the number of illegal Irish and Italian immigrants in the country had grown, and powerful lobbies began to call for a solution.
The NP-5 visa lottery was subsequently created to aid nationalities “adversely affected” by the 1965 law. Because Irish groups had strong political ties to the immigration subcommittees, which among others, included Senator Ted Kennedy, initially 40 percent of the lottery visas were allotted only for Irish nationals, an extraordinary handout. Later, the program was expanded into what is now known as the green card lottery. Today's lottery is not particularly discriminating—applicants need a high school diploma and two years of work experience—and in 2011, 12.1 million people applied for 50,000 visas. The national quotas have since been randomized, deprioritizing the Irish, but it now contains a more basic, troubling feature: America is the only country to use lotteries to determine questions of citizenship, which, incidentally, is something it appears to have made a habit out of—lotteries also decide the recipients of the H-1B skilled worker visa when the 65,000 person caps is reached. Both lotteries are partly to correct mistakes made in 1965. A non-lottery H1-B system is not possible until Congress votes to increase the number of skilled workers allowed to migrate or narrow the definition of skill to reduce applications. The political paralysis of the past decade, however, has left even a basic reforms like this impossible.
The third accident also involves the 1965 law and demonstrates the power of special interest groups in crafting our current system. As it turns out the White House never intended for the family reunification category to represent the largest category of visas in the first place. The initial plan President Kennedy and his advisor Abba Schwartz sent to Congress in July 1963 envisioned a 50 percent quota for skilled migration, with the remaining places for close relatives and refugees—similar to Canada today. But the House committee chairman deliberating the bill, Michael Feighan, was successfully lobbied by ethnic and labor groups in his district to bring their own family members to America. Unions don't tend to favor a large influx of immigration, but the AFL-CIO and other groups in the 1950s and 1960s were comprised mostly of recent migrants from Southern and Eastern Europe, which were particularly active in Feighan's district. The congressman, who nearly lost his seat in 1964 and was fighting a tough reelection battle in 1966, caved easily to the pressure. As Feighan told a congressional reporter on September 30, a few days before the Hart-Cellar bill that revamped American immigration was passed, “1,000 families in my district would benefit from the family reunification provisions of the final bill.”
As a result, the preferences that were unveiled in 1965 were diametrically opposed to what the Kennedy administration had imagined, with family reunification at 74 percent, professionals and skilled workers at 20 percent, and refugees at 6 percent. Today, these basic proportions hold, with two-thirds of immigrants arriving because they are related to American citizens, 13 percent from employment (of which a maximum of 10 percent are skilled), 5 percent via the Green Card lottery, and the remainder as refugees.
The most prominent such incident in recent months occurred when Muhammad Ali Jr., the famed boxer's son, was stopped by customs officers at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport on Feb. 7. Mr. Ali, who had just arrived from a trip to Jamaica with his mother, said he had been led to a room where an officer asked how he had gotten his name and what his religion was.
In an interview, Mr. Ali said the officer had told him that he shared a name with another person who had been flagged for extra screening. He had never had trouble entering the country before, he said.
Officers have “an enormous amount of discretion” to question travelers, said Margo Schlanger, a law professor at the University of Michigan and a head of civil rights and civil liberties at the Homeland Security Department under President Barack Obama. While Customs and Border Protection has an anti-discrimination rule, she said, the agency has not put significant limits on officers' ability to ask about religious beliefs.
In recent months, even non-Muslims have appeared to attract far more attention.
After flying back to San Francisco from Belgium, where he had been showing some of his artwork, Aaron Gach, an American artist, was stopped and asked repeatedly to unlock his cellphone for an officer to search, he said. Mr. Gach, 43, said he had been asked a series of questions about his work, his travel arrangements and the art show. He was released only after complying with the request to unlock his phone.
For noncitizens, formerly routine trips have turned fraught as travelers report encountering customs officers who question whether they are taking American jobs or being paid improperly.
“We used to hear about these things once in a blue moon, and it would be the talk of the office,” said Greg Siskind, an immigration lawyer in Tennessee. “Now people just basically roll their eyes because they've heard it so often.”
There were the Australian children's book author, Mem Fox, who was nearly denied entry on her way to give a speech in Milwaukee after being questioned about the $8,000 honorarium — standard for such speaking engagements — that she had accepted from the organizers.
If Veganism is a moral choice, why do vegans date non-vegans?
Like us on Facebook:
Compatibility is tricky. In our Tinder left-swiping society, it's easy to come up with strict criteria for date-worthy people. Sometimes, it's the aesthetics of a profile photo that gives someone a chance. Other times, it's their little “about me” blurb that confirms their employability, pets, and/or penchant for axe throwing. But one often overlooked factor that is a total make or break for me is if a person is a vegan. I'm not suggesting that anyone date a non-vegan starts planning their breakup, but that vegans on the market should seek other vegans for their own well-being.
A 2012 Match.com survey found that 30% of meat eaters wouldn't date a vegetarian or vegan. On the flip side, a measly 4% of vegetarians and vegans refused to do the same. While I can appreciate that there are far fewer single vegans roaming the scene than non-vegans, I can't wrap my head around putting my morals aside for a date, let alone a partnership. I'm not talking about facing squabbles over which restaurant to dine out, I'm talking about looking for a relationship with someone who is comfortable exploiting animals. Just as someone against racism wouldn't knowingly date a racist, I sincerely believe that vegans shouldn't compromise their ethics or morals to date a non-vegan.
When I first started seeing my current boyfriend, he wasn't a vegan. I figured that making vegan dining a mandate for our night's out would be a sufficient solution to worrying about whether I would kiss someone who had just chowed down on some meat. But the realm of compromises grew when I had to consider if I'd be comfortable hugging someone in a leather coat, falling asleep on their silk sheets, and even whether or not I could discuss my opinions on animal agriculture freely, without being met with eye rolls. Now, the honeymoon phase made it easy to forget that all of these issues weren't even a question for me. Before I had the hard task of letting this one get away, he went vegan. Not only can I appreciate that as a beautiful rarity, but it's not something I tell others to expect from anyone. We now happily share a vegan household, and spend our weekends driving anywhere a vegan option needs sampling. It's the sort of vegan partnership I wish every vegan could cultivate.
But asking someone to lose the fedora is not quite as easy as asking someone to go against societal norms. Even if they're able to keep up a front around you, would you feel comfortable knowing that their choices will change around others? I harken back to other areas of ethical living. In the same way we drill each other with twenty questions at the sign of a spark, we ought to pose those same questions back to ourselves. Would you be comfortable dating a sexist, who when outside of your company frequently tells sexist jokes to friends? Altering our attitudes to seem more desirable to someone is one of the greatest misconceptions of dating. However, once we've had the time to learn who a person really is, it's up to us to either support them for who they are, or keep looking.
This isn't to say that there aren't great people in the world that aren't vegan. But when does all the charitable, compassionate, and philanthropic endeavours of someone trump their choice to participate in the unnecessary use of animals? More than dating someone who enjoys the same music, has the same attitudes towards marriage, or practices the same religion, there exists a hard line of whether or not their ethics are in line with yours.
I find myself trying to be easy-going and adaptable in work, social, and family settings already. If that same tireless vegan silencing were happening in my home, I'd absolutely lose my mind. I could no more easily help someone cook a meat dish, than I could split finances to purchase one. I understand that this perspective isn't easily applied to people who have made the transition to veganism while already in a relationship, where partners don't tag along for the ride. But as we walk further and further into the vegan labyrinth, we discover that changing our own habits isn't always enough. Once your fridge and wardrobe match your ethics, you're going to want the people you choose to surround yourself with to be an appropriate fit, too.
There's hope for single vegans yet. A quick Google search for “vegan dating” brings up a handful of online resources for finding a nutritional yeast worshiping partner. Local vegan meetups and festivals are also great ways to get yourself out there. And if you manage to sink your teeth in to someone a bit ambivalent to the whole thing, decide if having them sit through all the documentaries, meals, and conversations is going to be worth it. Lasting love is so much more than hobbies and good looks. Go for someone who's heart and ethics match yours.
Switching jobs more frequently has become more accepted, but is it good for your career in the long term? Job hopping has benefits, especially in the short term, but the long term consequences could go either way.
How Often Do You Hop?
According to Krsitina Cowan at AOL News, whereas a generation ago, the average person changed jobs seven times over a lifetime, today it's more likely to be 10 jobs. And in five different careers. Job hopping is becoming so commonplace among workers in their 20s and 30s that managers are starting to expect people to leave after two or three years. If you stick around longer that's icing on the cake.
When to Hop
Hop For Money
You will almost always see a pay increase when you switch from one job to another. This is sort of a chicken and egg thing, though because more money is a huge reason people want to change jobs in the first place. Don't we all know someone who left one company for a big raise and a promotion at another, only to return to the first company for at an even higher rate of pay and responsibility a few years later?
Hop for Networking
The more people you know the easier it will be successful, or perhaps even get that next position – once you're ready to hop again.
Hop for Professional Development
A lot of people are simple maxed out in their current position or company. A new employer can teach workers new skills and build on those they already have, maximizing potential.
One Oklahoma City recruiter thinks job hopping will become less of an issue as the Baby Boomers begin to retire.
This will create a large need in the marketplace where skills and experience will outweigh company loyalty and dedication. This is also coupled with the fact that those in these new positions of power who will be making these hiring decisions are also those who come from the generation where job hopping is commonplace and more accepted.
When Not to Hop
Employees should never leave a job solely to get out of a situation they are unhappy with. Instead, as Your HR Guy suggests, they should bide their time while preparing for another, better career path.
The solution isn't to job hop and hurt yourself. That is dumb. People hate biding time so instead of doing this, they switch jobs (into another crappy job where they'll want to move on) and perpetuate the cycle. It sucks, I've seen people fall into it.
You also want to make sure you've exhausted all opportunities within a job and a company before setting your sights elsewhere. It may just be that you can hop to another role while sticking with the same firm a bit longer.
The truth is that others' perceptions of you are going to have an effect on the potential of any new position. If you're perceived as someone who won't be around in 6 months or a year, what kind of opportunities do you think will come your way?
When were the best and worst times you hopped?
Image Credit
The Tennessee Titans totally nailed the 2016 NFL Draft.
NFL Media draft analyst Lance Zierlein ranked the Titans' draft haul as the best in the entire league. The Titans were also among six teams that earned "A" grades from NFL Media analyst Bucky Brooks.
Now, in using NFL Media senior analyst Gil Brandt's Hot 100 prospect rankings as the measuring stick, the Titans are the clear "winner" of the draft.
Points were assigned to each player based on where he was selected in the draft; 100 points were rewarded to the No. 1-ranked prospect, 99 points to the No. 2-rated prospect and so on.
Here is how all 32 teams stacked up using Brandt's Hot 100 list as the definitive draft guide.
1. Tennessee Titans
Score: 304 points (4 players)
The lowdown: Through trades -- most notably that big one with the Los Angeles Rams for the No. 1 overall pick -- the Titans were able to secure four of the first 45 picks in the draft. Each of the players selected with those picks rated in the top 50 of Brandt's Hot 100. Just look at those four selections, too, and you'll see the makings of "exotic smashmouth." Three of those picks will help bolster the Titans' presence at the line of scrimmage, while 6-foot-3, 247-pound bruiser back Derrick Henry aims to fortify the Titans' ground game behind Marcus Mariota.
The players (points):
No. 10: Jack Conklin, OT, Michigan State (91)
No. 16: Kevin Dodd, DE, Clemson (85)
No. 32: Derrick Henry, RB, Alabama (69)
No. 42: Austin Johnson, DT, Penn State (59)
2. Chicago Bears
Score: 260 points (6 players)
The lowdown: The Titans might have toasted the Bears in terms of total points, but Chicago scored the largest haul of Hot 100 prospects of any team in the league. Whitehair figures to help anchor the Bears' offensive line for years to come.
The players (points):
No. 12: Leonard Floyd, LB, Georgia (89)
No. 43: Cody Whitehair, OG, Kansas State (58)
No. 47: Jonathan Bullard, DT, Florida (54)
No. 71: Jordan Howard, RB, Indiana (30)
No. 83: DeAndre Houston-Carson, S, William & Mary (18)
No. 90: Nick Kwiatkoski, LB, West Virginia (11)
3. Jacksonville Jaguars
Score: 220 points (4 players)
The lowdown: The Jaguars get a big boost by scoring two top-five talents with Ramsey and Jack. Jack's draft drop was precipitated by long-term health concerns, but if he can stay on the field, the Jaguars' second-round pick could turn into one of the all-time greatest draft steals.
The players (points):
No. 2: Jalen Ramsey, CB, Florida State (99)
No. 5: Myles Jack, LB, UCLA (96)
No. 79: Yannick Ngakoue, DE, Maryland (22)
No. 98: Sheldon Day, DT, Notre Dame (3)
4. Oakland Raiders
Score: 207 points (5 players)
The lowdown: Joseph was a surprise selection at No. 14 overall, but the payoff on the risk-reward player could be substantial. If healthy, Joseph can be a game changer in the back end behind All-Pro edge player Khalil Mack.
The players (points):
No. 35: Karl Joseph, S, West Virginia (66)
No. 40: Jihad Ward, DE, Illinois (61)
No. 56: Connor Cook, QB, Michigan State (45)
No. 73: Shilique Calhoun, DE, Michigan State (28)
No. 94: Vadal Alexander, OG, LSU (7)
5. San Diego Chargers
Score: 206 points (4 players)
The lowdown: The Chargers bagged two Buckeye defenders -- most notably Bosa, who will be expected to make an impact from Day 1. In all, there were 10 Ohio State players on Brandt's Hot 100 list, and San Diego wasn't the only team to select two.
The players (points):
No. 4: Joey Bosa, DE, Ohio State (97)
No. 33: Hunter Henry, TE, Arkansas (68)
No. 72: Max Tuerk, C, USC (29)
No. 89: Joshua Perry, LB, Ohio State (12)
6. Seattle Seahawks
Score: 205 points (4 players)
The lowdown: The Seahawks scored the best of the 2015 playoff teams, narrowly edging the Bengals. Reed was projected by many to be a first-round pick. Instead, the Seahawks snagged him with the No. 49 overall pick. Be sure to keep close tabs on the progress of Prosise, a wide receiver-turned-running back at Notre Dame.
The players (points):
No. 21: Jarran Reed, DT, Alabama (80)
No. 46: Germain Ifedi, OG, Texas A&M (55)
No. 63: C.J. Prosise, RB, Notre Dame (38)
No. 69: Nick Vannett, TE, Ohio State (32)
7. Cincinnati Bengals
Score: 197 points (4 players)
The lowdown: The Bengals continue to draft well, which has been a big reason for the team's recent run of playoff berths (five consecutive postseason appearances, and six in the last seven seasons). Boyd could be an ideal complement to A.J. Green in the passing game. Billings -- a run-stuffing dynamo -- unexpectedly fell all the way to the fourth round.
The players (points):
No. 31: William Jackson III, CB, Houston (70)
No. 50: Tyler Boyd, WR, Pittsburgh (51)
No. 52: Andrew Billings, DT, Baylor (49)
No. 74: Christian Westerman, OG, Arizona State (27)
8. Detroit Lions
Score: 193 points (4 players)
The lowdown: The Lions bolstered their offensive and defensive lines by selecting two prospects ranked in the top 20. Like his college teammate Jarran Reed, Robinson was a popular projection to go in the first round. Instead, Robinson came off the board with pick No. 46 in Round 2. Decker was the fourth-rated offensive tackle on Brandt's list, and the fourth offensive tackle taken in the draft.
The players (points):
No. 13: A'Shawn Robinson, DT, Alabama (88)
No. 19: Taylor Decker, OT, Ohio State (82)
No. 81: Miles Killebrew, S, Southern Utah (19)
No. 97: Joe Dahl, OG, Washington State (4)
Follow Jim Reineking on Twitter @jimreineking.
WME-IMG is forming a national political action committee and planning on increasing its contact with office holders from both political parties, the agency's co-CEOs told employees in an internal memo.
Ari Emanuel and Patrick Whitesell said in the email on Tuesday that several initiatives are designed to help workers at the Beverly Hills-based company engage in the political process. The actions are in response to the election of Donald Trump, though the memo is careful not to take sides in any of the many controversies that have erupted during the president's 19 days in office.
“No matter what side of the aisle you sit on or where you live in the world, the call for meaningful and sustained civic engagement is louder than ever,” begins the memo, delivered under the subject line “Influence.”
The email continues:
“In the coming weeks, you will hear more from us about:
• The formation of a federal political action committee (PAC) in the U.S.
• Convening internal and external forums with politicians and allied stakeholders
• Connecting our clients with elected officials
Related Ken Burns on Why He Would Make a Trump Documentary Key Antitrust Lawmaker Sees 'Reawakening' in Congress to Perils of Big Tech
• Introducing company-wide matching policies to support donations of time and money
• Developing actionable public policy solutions
The email concludes: “This company's greatest asset is the diversity of our backgrounds and beliefs. Please know that we will do everything in our power to support and protect this diversity now and in the months and years ahead.”
The email is from Emanuel and copied to his co-CEO, Whitesell, though the initials of both men appear at the end of the short message.
An insider said that lawyers are currently working out details of the political action committee, which might take on partners from outside of the agency. The financial commitment by WME will be “substantial” — with money to be contributed to causes and candidates that the agency's employees agree to support. It was unclear how the agency will decide who and what to back, though the source said the calls will be directed by an array of employees, not just Emanuel and Whitesell.
Emanuel has connections on both sides of the political aisle. He once served as Trump's agent and visited the President-elect after his victory over Hillary Clinton, but before the Republican took office on Jan. 20. Emanuel declined to disclose what he and his former client talked about at the November meeting, which took place at a Trump's golf course in New Jersey.
Emanuel also contributed to Clinton's campaign and he is the brother of Democrat Rahm Emanuel, the current mayor of Chicago and President Barack Obama's former chief of staff. Trump donated $50,000 to Rahm Emanuel's 2010 Chicago mayoral campaign.
The insider said that some of Trump's actions have made “people here very concerned, including the leadership of the company. But it's also an incredibly diverse company and there are probably people in our company who are in favor of what is going on in the White House. We want to be respectful of those people too.”
EARLY ON A BRIGHT FEBRUARY MORNING, under a small shed in a corner of the Jewish cemetery in Worli, Mumbai, 74-year-old Mohammad Abdul Yaseen chipped away at a grey stone slab using a large hammer and chisel. The graveyard was small and solemn, and tombstones stood in neat lines, bearing the Star of David alongside inscriptions in various combinations of Hebrew, Marathi and English. Yaseen chiselled Hebrew characters into the stone, intent on his work.
Yaseen, a devout Muslim, is the only expert engraver of Jewish tombstones in Maharashtra today. He has practiced his trade for over forty years, and is fluent in Hebrew. Beside him stood another man, who introduced himself as Daniel Bamnolkar, the cemetery's caretaker and a member of Mumbai's Bene Israel community. The Bene Israel are Jews who have lived along the Konkan Coast for two millennia, adopting local customs and languages while retaining a distinct cultural identity. Their population in India peaked at about twenty thousand in the late 1940s, but many subsequently emigrated, mostly to Israel. Today they number only about five thousand in Mumbai, with a couple thousand more in Pune. It is this population that Yaseen serves, alongside Mumbai's small handful of Baghdadi Jews, who are descendedants of mid-nineteenth-century immigrants from West Asia.
Yaseen arrived in Mumbai from Uttar Pradesh in 1968 as a young man looking for work. He was introduced to Aaron Menashe, a respected Bene Israeli who made tombstones for the community, whom he started to assist. Menashe passed his skills on to Yaseen, and also taught him to read and write Hebrew. When Menashe and his family moved to Israel in 1971, Yaseen took up his mentor's work, both in Mumbai and across Maharashtra.
Gregoire intercepted Leon in the sideyard just after lunch.
“No.” Greg said. That was all. “No.”
Leon growled.
“Don't be an idiot, boy. If you thought your father could inflict the worst pain you've ever felt, keep in mind I'm stronger than he ever was. And you're not my son.”
Neatly done, thought Greg, trying not to look too impressed. One minute he was on four legs, the next two. He'd changed with barely any visible effort.
“She's my wife,” said Leon. “I can find her. I can make her come back.”
“Yes, she's your wife. Not your mate. Neither of you are animals in a pack. If Marion wants to leave, she can leave.”
“No. She's mine! She belongs here!”
“Be a man, Leon.”
Gregoire took a deep breath. The pain in his back and head was now just a dull ache, but he knew his Talent wouldn't be fully restored for another day or two. He hated feeling this helpless.
“We have things to do,” he said. “Come with me. We need to talk to your father.”
It was, as Kristal had promised, a nice bedroom over the restaurant, very snug, with only one window that was covered by a tapestry embroidered with a large cross.
“I used to come up here to work when I had to stay late,” she told Marion. She nodded at the tapestry. “That should keep them out.”
Marion was mulling this last statement over and wasn't sure she heard what Marion said next correctly.
“I'm sorry,” Marion asked. “What did you say?”
“I said Pete will be outside in the hall.”
Pete, the big man who usually worked downstairs in the kitchen, nodded.
“I can't be here,” said Kristal. There are some things I need to take care of. But you'll be absolutely safe here. Pete will look in on you every hour. He'll be right outside in the hallway. If you need anything, anything at all, just ask him.”
Kristal bent to give Marion a light peck on the cheek. “Don't be afraid sweetheart. Pray and be strong. You're safe at last.”
They both walked out. Marion could hear Kristal talking to Pete in a low voice just outside the door. Then she heard Kristal's high heels as she walked away.
She walked over to the tapestry and looked at it. When she drew it back she saw only a tiny window that looked out onto a driveway and a row of garbage cans.
She went to the door to the hall, put her hand on the knob. It turned easily. When she opened the door, she saw Pete sitting in a rocking chair a few feet down the hall. He rose. “Ma'am?” he asked.
Marion smiled at him. “Nothing,” she said, and stepped back into the room, closing the door.
“It's my fault,” Felicia said. “I came in and found his desk like this. He walked in while I was trying to straighten it up. I've been trying to reason with him.”
Telesphore's desk, usually neat to the point of bareness, was covered wth paper. He sat in the chair with pages stacked in his lap looking from face to face, his eyes hard.
“None of you loved him enough,” he said. “None of you.”
“Papa,” Leon said.
“YOU didn't even LIKE him!”
“Oh, now Tel,” said Gregoire, “Be reasonable. Leon doesn't deserve…”
“You'll throw it all away,” Tel said, rising to his feet. “That's what you're all planning, isn't it? Just sweep everything away, pretend Lamont never lived! It's just trash to you, isn't it, trash written by someone you never knew.”
“No, brother, no, it's not trash,” said Gregoire. “Not at all.”
“You can't have him.” Tell looked from Greg to Leon. “You can't take him away from me.”
And suddenly he was shouting. “YOU DIDN'T LOVE HIM ENOUGH! NONE OF YOU DID!”
The air sizzled around Tel, and Greg heard Leon make a faint, frightened noise.
He wondered if it would up the ante too much if he pulled out his wand. Even at half-strength he could probably prevent Tel from hurting Felicia or Leon, but he'd incapacitate himself even more and it would hurt like hell. He hoped it wouldn't come to that.
A door opened behind them.
“Telesphore,” said Artiste, his voice easy and unalarmed. “What's all this about?”
“Artiste,” said Greg. “Please. Back out carefully, go downstairs and get Laurette.”
“She sent me up here,” said Artiste. “She's busy. Don't worry, Greg, Tel isn't going to hurt me.”
He walked up to Tel, still smiling.
Leon moved away from his father. “Mother,” he said quietly, his eyes on his father. “Come over here. We're leaving.”
Felicia stood and walked towards Leon.
Tel lowered his arms. She stopped.
“Telesphore, you're being selfish,” Artiste said.
Tel shook his head.
“No,” Artiste said. “I mean it. You are selfish. We've lost Lamont here, and here,” Artiste touched his forehead and his chest. “All of us. Except for you. You are in pain, Tel, but at least you can feel that pain. You don't feel that same numb hole in your heart, in your memories. Those papers of yours are what we have left of him. Please. Couldn't you share just a few of them with us?”
“Well..I could…I could read a few of them to you.”
“That would be wonderful.”
It was true that Kristal had a very nice shelf of books in the room. Her reading tastes were similar to Marion's, and she had an up to date collection of historical novels.
So Marion was reading. Or at least, she had a book open in her lap and her head was bent over it. Friday's Child, by Georgette Heyer.
Peter was quite dedicated. She didn't have a watch, and there was, oddly, no clock in the room, but she'd been keeping track, and it had gotten to the point where she could predict to within a minute or two when the door would open and he'd stick his head in.
She just kept her head down as though too engrossed in the book to notice.
There were more noises downstairs. Voices, lots of rattling in the kitchen, where they were probably getting ready for the dinner crowds.
Marion estimated that Pete was going to look in again pretty soon. She walked over to the bed, lay down with her back to the door, and closed her eyes.
“20, 19, 18, 17, 16…” she thought. “15…14…13…12…”
The door opened and she heard heavy footsteps enter the room. They stopped near the foot of the bed.
There was a pause, then she heard them walking away. The door closed.
Really, she wondered, what was the point except to occupy her time, pretend she was doing something other than sitting around waiting for that Abbot woman to come fetch her?
That Abbot woman who smiled so constantly she had to make an effort to keep a straight face while talking horrors.
So, Marion thought, what was she going to do now? Lie down and pretend to sleep some more the next time Pete looked in? Maybe. It gave her at least a little edge, even if it was all in her head.
She didn't want to lie down. She didn't want to read. She wanted to leave, but as soon as she'd seen Pete, she knew they wouldn't allow it. That's what had truly decided her, had made her decide she didn't want to talk to this Father Ignacio.
Marion stood up. She paced for awhile. She read the spine of every book on the bookcase. She sat back down in the chair.
It was getting to be about that time again.
She walked back to the bed and sat down.
“11…10…9…8…7…6…”
“5…4…3…2…1…”
“…..”
She waited.
The voices downstairs were louder, the occasional comment she couldn't understand, a laugh. She could smell food, onions frying in butter, a faint whiff of tomato sauce.
Could Pete have forgotten about her?
Marion went to the door and listened.
If she opened the door and saw Pete standing there, she couldn't bear it. Marion turned around and looked at the window.
Behind her someone rapped on the door three times. Hard.
Marion walked to the door and opened it. Nobody was standing there. She stepped out into the hall.
Pete was snoring faintly. Just beyond him was the door that led down to the kitchen.
She turned around. There was another door at the end of the hall.
There was a distinct click, and she saw the door knob jerk, the sound of a bolt sliding back. The door creaked open, a cloud of dust falling from its frame..
The stairwell was so dark it was black, and it smelled like rust and rotten wood. She had to feel her way at first, stepping carefully, keeping her hand on the metal rail. After a few steps she could see daylight slanting in through a half open door.
She stepped through it.
Advertisements
An ecstatic moment in Yuja Wang's 2014 recital at Carnegie Hall. © 2014 Jennifer Taylor
She represents a new breed—the complete, thoroughly modern package. Wearing stunning gowns chosen specifically to match the repertoire she is playing, she has cultivated a persona of visual beauty as well as musical brilliance. And then there are those dynamite encores—wow!
In a recent video for Giorgio Armani, Musical America's Artist of the Year, Yuja Wang, performs Liszt's arrangement of Schubert's Gretchen at the Spinning Wheel, the work's dark, dulcet tones swirling against a dimly lit backdrop of piano and pianist as the music gently weaves a spell of soulful mystery. The performance, technically impeccable and full of subdued passion, is intercut with images of Yuja in a variety of tasteful fashion poses. There was a time when this would have raised eyebrows, along with protestations about classical music's chaste role in a world full of commercial taint. Welcome to the 21st century, when women play the piano as well as men and feel free to flaunt their other gifts as well.
Yuja Wang represents a new breed—she's the complete, thoroughly modern package. Wearing stunning gowns chosen specifically to match the repertoire she is playing, she has cultivated a persona of visual beauty as well as musical brilliance. And she packs a photographic wallop. In a New York Times Arts and Leisure feature, the diminutive pianist was shown seated at the keyboard, adorned in five-inch heels, arms outstretched as if ready to take flight, head extended to the sky, her graceful right leg extending to the sustain pedal. It could have been a study by the elegant sculptor Constantin Brancusi. The caption noted her “power and poetry.”
Soaring Career
Her career is soaring. An exclusive contract with Deutsche Grammophon has already produced seven discs, with repertoire ranging from Brahms, Scriabin, Prokofiev, and Rachmaninoff to Chopin, Liszt, Ligeti, and Ravel. Her rendering of Petrushka is a lesson in orchestrating at the piano, filled with changes of color; Stravinsky's counterpoint filigree is projected with individual dynamics and timbre, evoking sparks leaping from a fire. Brahms's Paganini Variations are treacherously difficult, but she eats them for breakfast. Her Brahms Violin Sonatas with Leonidas Kavakos are filled with dramatic intensity and introspective breadth.
This season, the 29-year-old pianist's schedule includes an Asian tour with Michael Tilson Thomas and the San Francisco Symphony, a Bartók concerto cycle with Gustavo Dudamel and the Los Angeles Philharmonic, performances with Antonio Pappano and the Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, and recitals with baritone Matthias Goerne and Kavakos. And she was named the second artist-in-residence ever of China's National Center for the Performing Arts, where her plans include concerts with multi-percussionist Martin Grubinger, among others.
“He's brilliant,” Yuja declares. “We are planning an arrangement of The Rite of Spring, and possibly one of West Side Story. And we'll be doing a one-piano arrangement of Bartók's Sonata for Two Pianos and Percussion. For that I'll have to be Medusa at the piano,” she laughs, although the image of Kali, the many-armed Hindu goddess, more aptly describes her stunning technical prowess.
The Beijing-born Yuja began piano lessons at age 6, though she says she could read scores by the time she was 5. The instrument didn't exactly call to her, however. She simply knew she liked music, and the piano was her easiest entry point. Within two years, her teacher informed her parents that she belonged in a conservatory, and that they needed to purchase a better instrument. She entered Beijing's Central Conservatory of Music. And from that point on, her life was in the hands of the Fates.
She worked on the standard repertoire up to Brahms. “The approach was different from the way things are done here. I had to work on a single piece until it was perfect in all the details. And I entered many competitions. I liked it at the time, even though it was like being in a straitjacket,” she recalls. “It gave me a good foundation so that later I could be free—there's always a balance between the two.”
Youngest Student at Morningside
At the age of 12, Yuja became the youngest student ever accepted at the Morningside Music Bridge International Music Festival at Mount Royal University in Calgary, Canada. “They are amazing people, the most supportive ever. Calgary became like a second home. Of course, Glenn Gould is their hero, but they are open-minded about so many things. They really opened up my vision. When I turned 14, I started going to school there full time.”
How did she manage being on her own in a foreign country with an unfamiliar language and culture? “I think it is the dream of every 14-year old to be away from home,” she responds. “I loved it. I was ready. I had been going to school and taking lessons since I was 7. A new door was opening and I was excited.”
Then, at 15, the Curtis Institute—the Philadelphia Conservatory “with a huge reputation in China”—beckoned. She auditioned, and when word came that she had been accepted, she felt relief at leaving the cold Canadian climate for the warm mentorship of Gary Graffman. “He became my anchor,” she says. “There is something so positive and inspiring about him,” adds Yuja. “Before meeting him I didn't realize how many interesting things there are in the world. For example, he is a huge fan of Asian art. He brought me to Sotheby's one day, and pointed out aspects of Chinese history: ‘This is Han Dynasty, this looks like Sung Dynasty.'” The program at Curtis, from which she graduated in 2008, offered new vistas for learning and performing.
Gaining entry was no easy task. “In my year there were 120 applicants,” she explains, “and, as usual, they chose two or three.” If the Canadian experience opened her eyes to a wider world, Curtis offered advantages she had barely dreamed of, including the ability to study with other important artists, such as Leon Fleisher. For Yuja, it had far-reaching implications. “I was just in Vienna,” she recounts, “and at dinner the question came up about which pianists people liked best in a Mozart performance. The consensus was that they loved Rudolf Serkin, and also Leon Fleisher. ‘You guys are from Vienna,' I said, ‘and you think the best Mozart players are from America?'
“As Gary told me, that's what's so great about this country. You have everything here. Leon is descended from Schnabel, and Gary studied with Horowitz. Each has an individual voice—you hear it the moment either sits down. This made a big impression on me. So I saved the big Russian warhorses for Gary, and studied the German repertoire with Leon. At Curtis I was able to learn from every tradition.”
An Important Meeting with Michael Tilson Thomas
Those experiences quickly paid dividends. She was 17 when she first met Michael Tilson Thomas, who became a mentor. At the time, she had been engaged to play the Grieg Piano Concerto in San Francisco with conductor Edwin Outwater. “It was for a Chinese New Year's concert, which is a big thing here,” remembers Tilson Thomas. “Edwin said, ‘You really should come hear her, she's remarkable.' The most striking thing about the performance was the way she listened. In the Grieg, there are a lot of places where the piano basically accompanies members of the orchestra. She did that so sensitively.”
Tilson Thomas invited her to audition, and he was instantly won over by her ease and professionalism. “Unlike many young wunderkind pianists who bring a team of people along to surround and protect them,” he says, “she just showed up and said, ‘OK, I'm here. What should we do?'” He quickly learned she could do almost anything, from Beethoven to Stravinsky and Bartók.
“We performed the Henry Litolff Scherzo from his Concerto Symphonique No. 4 at Buckingham Palace for Her Majesty the Queen. It's one of those dazzling little pieces where if you have the right kind of piano brilliance, people go crazy. They did. At the same time, she wants to play and learn significant pieces. At this point, she knows everything in the repertoire, and she has become adventurous, playing difficult works like Messiaen's Turangalîla-Symphonie.”
Consider the astronomical number of hits her website receives, Tilson Thomas notes. “One can think of other famous pianists who have gone into a merchandizing mode. That's not Yuja. Her idea of diversity is to go to the Edinburgh Festival and play all the Brahms Violin Sonatas with Leonidas Kavakos, in between doing Beethoven concertos with the San Francisco Symphony on tour.”
He has learned, he says, to appreciate both her serious side and her playfulness, which can erupt unexpectedly. “In the Shostakovich First Piano Concerto, there is a place where the piano sits quietly during a trumpet solo,” he chuckles, “and then it interrupts with an enormous tone cluster that takes up much of the keyboard. Yuja had joked that one of these days she was going to play it with her derriere. Then, one night during the London Symphony tour, she actually did—she stood up, turned around, and sat on the keyboard. The trumpet player lost it. It also had a big effect on the audience, but somehow the reviewer didn't seem to notice.” At around the same time, he says, she was reading the Confucian Analects in the original.
Before a Performance: Rock Music
She has as keen interest in popular culture as well. Hence her attention to fashion, as well as her usual reported practice of listening to rock music before stepping out on stage. She uses Spotify to keep on top of new things, and goes to live concerts as often as possible. Though she values working with older masters, she loved performing with Gustavo Dudamel's Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolivar (“What a crazy bunch of outrageous musicians!”) partly because they are mostly her age, and their youthful outlook matched her own. After the concert, she reports, they could all agree, “Let's go to a bar and listen to electronic music.”
Over the years, the pianist has garnered numerous awards and accolades, from prizes at the Sendai International Music Competition and the Aspen Music Festival's concerto competition to being named a Gilmore Young Artist. Another important marker was her 2007 appearance with Charles Dutoit and the Boston Symphony, replacing an ailing Martha Argerich in a performance of Tchaikovsky's First Concerto. But her recent recitals in Los Angeles and New York, followed by an extensive European tour, represent an important new stage of Yuja Wang's development. The program was Germanic and serious: the first two of Brahms's Op. 10 Ballades, Schumann's Kreisleriana, and Beethoven's majestic “Hammerklavier” Piano Sonata, Op. 106.
In New York, a prominent critic, though deeply respectful of her Beethoven, complained that “she ruined it” by playing five encores in a lighter vein, including Horowitz's “Carmen” Fantasy and a jazzy, fun-filled take on Mozart's “Turkish” Rondo efcredited to Arcadi Volodos, Fazil Say, and Wang herself. When asked if there were particular pieces that mean more to her than any others, she pointed to those encores, music she has been playing for many years.
She says she doesn't pay attention to critics. “On tour, in a few places I played eight encores,” she boasts. “Sometimes I got six stars out of five! I didn't read the New York review,” she admits, “but Gary did.” For his part, Graffman contends that the problem arose because of a misconception in regard to the “Hammerklavier,” about which a mystique has developed. He believes that if she had played Beethoven's Op. 110, which is just as serious a work—“even more so,” says Yuja—the encores would not have been an issue.
But it points to the delicate line that Yuja Wang has enjoyed walking for years, balancing the profound and the lighthearted, the weighty and the carefree, working like a demon to sweat the small details and then letting loose when it is time to dance. If the “girl just wants to have fun,” that's good news for the rest of us. •
Stuart Isacoff 's publications include Temperament and A Natural History of the Piano. His book on Van Cliburn's piano victory in Cold War Moscow will soon be published by Alfred A. Knopf.
By Stuart Isacoff
With the growing outcry against turf being used in the 2015 Women's World Cup, Dash midfielder and Canadian National Team Member Kaylyn Kyle has caused quite the uproar with her recent signing of a 3-year, $15,000 endorsement with FieldTurf. While Kyle will be in commercials for the company, a group of 40+ soccer players across the globe will continue their pursuit of a lawsuit against the Canada Soccer Association and FIFA on the grounds of gender discrimination. (The CSA has stated their proposal to host the 2015 Women's World Cup indicated they would be playing on turf. FieldTurf will be used in four of the six stadiums during next year's Cup.)
Kyle's own agent, Brian Feldman, has been quoted as saying, "if an NFL player can do it, why can't a female soccer player do it?" Perhaps someone should point out to him that NFL studies have indicated ACL injuries are 88% higher when played on turf, and female athletes are at higher risk for such injuries.
FieldTurf was quick to point out the endorsement was not about the money for Kyle, and that she supports playing on turf. In the NWSL, Portland, Seattle and Western New York play or have played on fields with FieldTurf. Boston, from whom the Dash acquired Kyle from earlier this year also plays on FieldTurf.
Interestingly enough, Kyle had words of her own about turf on Twitter last June. So far, she has been silent on the deal.
I'm camping out at at a National Park near Krabi, and for dinner, I'm planning a sweet sour pork stew. With a barbecue as your heat source, you can't really arrange to have a slow simmer. You can't regulate the temperature of charcoal, and you'd need to raise the pot high above the flame and adjust it every few minutes. That would be a lot of work, which the underwater method fixes.
I had my new camping tool with me, the fan made lighting the barbecue very very easy! The night light was great to cook by, but being bright white attracted some bugs.
Thanbok Khoranee National Park has sea caves to visit, and waterfalls, I'm doing those tomorrow. So I'll need a good meal tonight for energy.
This is where the underwater cooking method comes in! I used it last week to cook a chicken on a barbecue, today I'm using it to simmer a pork stew.
The cold water pan on the top, regulates the temperature below, as long as the top water is cold, then the pan inside will stay at simmer. Juices in the meat and pineapple condense on the cold pan and fall back into the stew keeping it juicy, with all the flavor in.
The underwater tower of pans is: charcoal burner at the bottom, a pan with the stew ingredients in it in the middle, and a cold water pan on the top. I chose my wok because it fits my steamer pan with a good seal. The seal is important, it keeps the juices and steam inside.
Since I was camping, I used the local market and couldn't find ketchup, but the stew was fine without it, if a little anemic in color! I also added my garnish into the stew and blanched it just before serving. I couldn't be sure it had been washed in drinking water, and so it was safer to give it a quick blanch.
With the last batch of cold water in the top pan, you can add a little rice and make this into a full meal.
Continue reading "Camping Pork Stew (Underwater Method)" »
Now the national drink is powering machinery. Sort of (Picture: SWNS)
It may just be the most Scottish thing to ever happen.
John Lawson and his colleagues have built a computer with a cooling system based on the nation's favourite bright orange refreshment (or John's at least), Irn Bru.
And they've called it the Aye-Mac.
Sadly, the coolant isn't actual Irn Bru – it just looks incredibly like it.
However the 750ml glass Irn Bru bottle centrepiece is real. The bottle is then connected to flowing tubes, filled with a special orange faux-Bru liquid, which cools the machine and its circuits.
Check out its tartan tablecloth too (Picture: SWNS)
John, owner of PC Doctor in Edinburgh, said the computer, which now takes pride of place in his shop window, took him a year to complete after he had to track necessary parts from as far as Ukraine.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘I'm interested in designing different coolant systems and being innovative in different ways,' he explained. ‘We are always drinking Irn Bru in the shop,' he added (proof below) ‘and I wanted to do something different to attract some attention.'
Twitter immediately agreed that, yes, it was definitely the most Scottish thing to ever happen.
Is this Irn-Bru cooled computer the most Scottish thing EVER? pic.twitter.com/z99xoP5opx — Stuart Ritchie (@StuartJRitchie) September 1, 2015
Although one Facebook user commented: ‘Real Scotsmen deep fry their PCs.'
Meanwhile, John says he's open to all requests for custom-built machines. ‘Anything is possible', he says. The DC powered by Diet Coke perhaps?
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
MORE: Hilarious mock-up reveals what happens to an Englishman one hour after drinking Irn Bru
Advertisement Advertisement
Bertrand Raymond
Comme tous les recruteurs, Trevor Timmins a pris de bonnes et de mauvaises décisions depuis qu'il est en poste. Il est soumis à une plus forte pression qu'un simple éclaireur parce que la responsabilité lui revient pour chacun des choix qui sont engrangés par l'équipe. Il connaît un repêchage heureux et on lui lance des fleurs. Il échappe un ou deux joueurs de talent et on le cloue au pilori. C'est la nature de son travail qui veut cela.
Il n'est pas question ici de tracer le bilan de ses années de recrutement depuis qu'il a débarqué à Montréal, il y a 11 ans. Cependant, quand il pose un geste qui risque de retarder la progression du Canadien pour des années à venir, il est inévitable qu'on lui en fasse porter tout le poids.
Je pense à Claude Giroux, évidemment. D'avoir échappé un athlète aussi exceptionnel, un futur champion marqueur de la ligue, un gagnant éventuel des trophées Hart et Conn Smythe, remis respectivement au joueur le plus utile de la saison régulière et des séries, est le genre de comportement qui devrait normalement mettre son poste en péril. Mais comme Timmins a également réclamé des Latendresse, des Lapierre, des McDonaugh, des Grabovsky, des Streit et des Kostystyn (2) qui jouent tous ailleurs, en plus des Leblanc, des Tinordi, des Gallagher et des Beaulieu, il a probablement droit à la clémence de ses dénigreurs.
On va être honnête, Giroux n'annonçait pas ça à 17 ans. On ne pouvait pas prévoir une ascension aussi rapide de sa part. Toutefois, le simple fait qu'il s'appelait Giroux et qu'il s'exprimait dans la langue de la clientèle profondément amoureuse du Canadien aurait dû inciter Timmins à lui accorder plus d'attention. Beaucoup d'attention. Ça, c'est si le Canadien, évidemment, ne nous trompe pas royalement en se disant être désespérément à la recherche d'éléments francophones.
La gaffe de Timmins reste désastreuse. C'est une bévue qu'il ne pouvait pas se permettre parce que le meilleur marqueur des présentes séries, qui vient d'éclipser Sidney Crosby et Evgeni Malkin, jouait dans sa propre cour durant son année de repêchage. Le décideur du Canadien habite Ottawa et Giroux s'est développé de l'autre côté de la rivière, à Gatineau.
On le trouvait frêle du haut de ses 5 pieds et 11 pouces et de ses 165 livres, mais le Canadien n'a jamais eu peur des petits joueurs rapides à ce que je sache. Il venait quand même de connaître une première saison junior de 39 buts et de 103 points. Après avoir été repêché par les Flyers de Philadelphie, Giroux a enchaîné avec des productions de 112 et de 106 points avec les Olympiques. Je me demande si Pierre Boivin, qui n'a pas suffisamment insisté auprès de ses directeurs généraux pour débusquer des Francophones, et Bob Gainey, dont ça semblait être la dernière des préoccupations, ont commencé à se demander s'il ne venait pas d'en échapper un autre.
Si Timmins était surtout préoccupé par l'objectif de l'organisation qui était de se rebâtir d'abord à la ligne bleue, il aurait aussi pu tenir compte de la pauvreté du matériel francophone chez le Canadien qui était encore plus criante que celle notée à la ligne bleue. Ce Franco-ontarien, qui a marqué des points dès sa première saison junior, semblait un candidat de choix pour relancer le fait français sur une base solide au Centre Bell.
Timmins lui a toutefois préféré un défenseur américain, un jeunot de high school qu'un recruteur du Minnesota lui avait fortement recommandé. David Fischer a été libéré par le Canadien depuis. Il végète dans la East Coast League, avec les Everblades de la Floride.
Une organisation ne peut pas encaisser un plus grand K.-O. quand elle laisse filer la possibilité d'embaucher un joueur de concession tout en lui préférant un athlète qui ne l'aidera jamais. On a compris que Fischer n'avait rien d'un haut choix de repêchage quand, après avoir été libéré par le Canadien, il n'a reçu aucune offre d'une formation de la Ligue nationale.
Timmins aimait peut-être Giroux, comme il l'a déjà admis, mais dans ce cas bien précis, il a choisi un marginal et ignoré une future étoile. Tout cela parce qu'il tenait mordicus à repêcher un défenseur.
Ça ne date pas d'hier
Cette impardonnable bévue me rappelle la perte sèche que le Canadien avait subie quand son premier choix de repêchage en 1975, le défenseur Robin Sadler, avait quitté l'organisation après neuf matchs seulement disputés dans la Ligue américaine. Incapable de soutenir la pression, il était retourné chez lui dans la région de Vancouver pour devenir chauffeur de camion. C'était à l'époque où le Canadien se faisait un point d'honneur de ne jamais rencontrer les espoirs avant le repêchage. Si on l'avait fait, on aurait remarqué que Sadler n'avait pas de colonne vertébrale.
Selon moi, l'erreur de jugement de Timmins fera aussi mal au Canadien que celle qui avait incité Irving Grundman à opter pour Doug Wickenheiser au détriment de Denis Savard. Le petit joueur de centre de Verdun, déjà une étoile avec le Canadien junior, était un naturel pour Montréal. Il s'est dirigé vers le Panthéon du hockey après avoir marqué 539 buts et amassé 1 511 points, séries comprises. Le successeur de Guy Lafleur, c'aurait dû être lui.
Vous en voulez une autre? Éric Chouinard (un but, quatre points avec le Canadien) au lieu de Simon Gagné (283 buts, 581 points).
Aujourd'hui, quand on constate ce que Giroux est vite devenu, un dangereux marqueur, un joueur tenace et un leader qui en mène large à tous les points de vue, et qu'on imagine assez facilement ce qu'il aurait pu apporter au Canadien, j'en ai la nausée. Croyez-vous un instant que le Canadien aurait bouclé la saison en dernière place s'il avait eu dans ses rangs un compétiteur comme lui qui ne laisse pas ses coéquipiers s'endormir? S'il avait été là pour semer de l'enthousiasme dans un vestiaire déprimé et déprimant, peut-être que l'équipe aurait bataillé jusqu'à la toute fin pour une place en séries. Peut-être qu'il aurait réussi ce qu'il a accompli à Philadelphie, c'est-à-dire rendre toute l'équipe meilleure.
Quand l'entraîneur des Flyers, Peter Laviolette, affirme que Giroux, en vertu de ce qu'il a accompli durant la série contre Pittsburgh, est actuellement le meilleur joueur au monde, cela signifie qu'il aurait pu devenir dans le chandail tricolore la première grande star offensive depuis Lafleur. Ça pourrait vouloir dire qu'on aurait enfin un athlète capable de faire vibrer le Centre Bell. Un attaquant à la couette blonde aurait succédé au Démon blond.
Faut souhaiter que Timmins ait tiré une leçon de cette bourde, une tache noire qu'il ne pourra jamais effacer de son dossier. Par la même occasion, il faudrait peut-être aussi que les dirigeants du Canadien cessent de nous mentir en plein visage quand ils jurent dur comme fer qu'ils vont toujours repêcher le meilleur joueur disponible, sans égard à sa position sur la glace.
Si, aux yeux de Timmins, le meilleur homme disponible a été Fischer cette année-là, alors il a commis une erreur d'évaluation plus grossière encore. Cela signifie que son choix avait peu à voir avec Giroux. Ça veut dire qu'il voyait Fischer et personne d'autre dans sa soupe.
Après cela, on se demande pourquoi le Canadien a si peu gagné depuis 40 ans et pourquoi il fait du sur place depuis près de deux décennies. Wickenheiser, Chouinard, Fischer et sept choix de première ronde entre 2000 et 2007 qui ont tous été échangés...
Un gaspillage de talent qu'il faut interpréter comment? Peut-on parler d'un brin d'incompétence ici?
New Area layouts
The project is advancing slowly. So far all the different factors that limit the time I have for the project are still present. So, in order to guarantee the release of the game in a reasonable time from now on, I decided to do some changes regarding the contents that will be available on the first release, along with some level layout changes:
- The caves between Areas 3 and 4 that had 2 Metroid fights will be slightly expanded and themed as a mining facility. Most of the assets are already produced and in place. This enhances a lot an otherwise dull area, with little time and effort.
- The new area, the submerged temple, will not be accesible at launch. On the planned first release, the game will feature the original contents. This will save a lot of time, since there's still a lot of unifinished features in that area, that can be completed after an initial release.
- The main tunnel will feature only one mix of the main song. Music production is prioritized for more important tracks right now, but other/s mix/es might be added in future updates.
- Additional features like extra color pallettes for the surface area (day cycle), achievements and bonus contents will be pushed back for a future update.
There are a lot of features that were already pushed back. I am aware of how delayed the game already is, and how people are losing interest in the game over time. Prioritizing things this way will be better for all of us.
About this month's progress, there's one more control feature that has been partially implemented and will be revealed as soon as the remaining assets are produced. Debugging that, and polishing the scripted events were the focus of development this month. It's not much, I know, but hopefully the changes in piorities and scope of the whole project might change the development pace for the better.
I thank you all for your patience and your support.
Getty Images
From the moment the Seahawks trounced the Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII, the comparisons to past defensive juggernauts began.
And one of the best defenses in the NFL has been largely overlooked in the process: The 2002 Buccaneers.
The latest example came as ESPN's The Sports Reporters went to break, with host John Saunders saying, “Seattle's defense put on a devastating show in Super Bowl XLVIII, right up there with the Steel Curtain, the Super Bowl Shuffle Bears, and Ray Lewis' Ravens. Can they keep it up next year?”
While it may have been merely an oversight, it's become a common one. As pundits compare the Seahawks to great defenses of the past, they overlook the one that Tony Dungy built and Jon Gruden rode to the only recent blowout win in the Super Bowl before last Sunday. Like Super Bowl XLVIII, Super Bowl XXXVII which also featured the No. 1 defense taking apart the No. 1 offense.
The Buccaneeers defense was likely better than the 2000 Ravens and comparable to the 1985 Bears, with two Hall of Famers (Warren Sapp and Derrick Brooks), more coming (John Lynch and Ronde Barber), and another who has a good case for eventual enshrinement (Simeon Rice).
So as we look back through the annals of the Super Bowl, let's not forget the team that joined the NFL with the Seahawks way back in 1976. By the time all the bronze busts are sculpted, the 2002 Bucs could be the only team that can stack up with the Steelers of the '70s.
There are signs that one of the biggest banking companies out there might be in trouble:
After a year of red ink, a months-long plunge in its share price and a $25 billion government rescue, you might think the worst was over for Citigroup.
It is probably not.
Citigroup, which a decade ago set out to rewrite the rules of American finance, is bracing for still more pain now that a recession is at hand. Loans that the financial giant made to consumers in good times are going bad in growing numbers. For the moment, profits seem as elusive as ever, analysts say.
Once the most valuable financial company in America, Citigroup is withering along with its share price, which this week sank into single digits for the first time in a dozen years. The company is also shrinking in another painful way: by cutting, and cutting, and cutting jobs. Another round of pink slips is expected next week.
As Vikram S. Pandit completes his first year as chief executive, many analysts say Citigroup has lost its way. Insiders say the company is racked by office politics at a critical moment in its history.
Mr. Pandit is struggling to regain his grip on the company, which operates in scores of countries, after his attempt to buy Wachovia was upended by Wells Fargo. That misstep left Citigroup grasping for a new strategy to lure deposits and build up its branch network in the United States.
“Citi doesn't have a credible management team, they don't have a credible board,” said Christopher Whalen, managing partner at Institutional Risk Analytics. “If you look at their loss rate, it is almost inevitable that Citi is going to be asking the government for more money next year.”
The release of the Canadian Museum of Civilization's first research strategy — following a two-year process of reflection that was nearly derailed by the federal government's decision last year to rename it the Museum of History and rewrite its mandate — has revived the age-old debate over the politicization of Canadian history.
With Canada's 150th birthday approaching in 2017, and the bicentennial of the War of 1812 just passed with unusual fanfare, the public's appreciation of Canadian history is ripe for revision, and not just because some of the flagship national museum's exhibits date to the 1990s, not long after it was renamed from the National Museum of Man. From the rewritten citizenship guide that undid years of Liberal ideological dominance, to the renaming of Canadian military units to honour the monarchy, history is increasingly the lens through which the country sees itself, and a ripe target for those who wish to change it.
Now that the words “critical understanding” have been struck from the museum's mandate, however, critics fear that history without criticism becomes propaganda.
“The proof is in the pudding,” said Jean-Marc Blais, director general and vice-president of the Canadian Museum of Civilization, in an interview Tuesday. “There are four principles in this research strategy, and one of them is credibility. … In that sense, being critical, the critical understanding, is fundamental. That doesn't really change.”
The other principles outlined in the newly published document, which also applies to the Canadian War Museum, its “sister,” are accountability, relevance and inclusiveness. Mr. Blais also said that, by the time the new vision is brought to life over the next few years, visitors “will see more of a presence of aboriginal history into the overall narrative of Canadian history itself. This is something that, in the current hall, is missing, which is a reflection of the past.”
Mr. Blais said he has heard criticisms over the years about topics the museum should display with greater prominence, such as the Acadian expulsions. But those complaints never coalesced into a single theory, until the recent efforts of federal Conservatives to put their own stamp on Canadian heritage, led by former Heritage Minister James Moore.
The museum's new mandate is “to enhance Canadians' knowledge, understanding and appreciation of events, experiences, people and objects that reflect and have shaped Canada's history and identity, and also to enhance their awareness of world history and cultures.”
Ian McKay, professor of history at Queen's University in Kingston, Ont., said the Conservative government is “definitely politicizing history, and are quite candid about it.”
He said they take an anachronistic “Victorian” view, dominated by militarism, monarchism, imperialism, and all-round Britishism. The motivation, he thinks, is nothing so crass as vote-buying or simple politicking, but an effort to redefine the country.
“I think there is, in contemporary Canada, a strong attempt to create a pervasive climate of fear, and something like a war panic environment,” he said, and cited Robert Borden as the closest historical precedent, when he tried to win Canadians over to the side of conscription with “a strongly worded argument for their being just one correct way to be Canada.”
Former Museum of Civilization CEO Victor Rabinovitch similarly called the new mandate “narrow and parochial” and feared that its research will become “a form of enhanced journalism that is aimed at popularization,” according to a CBC report.
Nova Scotia Conservative MP Scott Armstrong, speaking in the House of Commons last month, played down the changes to the museum, and said the removal of the word “critical” will have no effect other than relief for museum staff.
“Would anyone suggest that, in the absence of the word in the text proposed by [the bill that changed its mandate], the highly professional staff undertaking important research at the museum would somehow now abandon their professional ethics and judgment?” Mr. Armstrong said.
‘With this regime, I'm not sure I'm fully trustful of their scholarly, intellectual probity in putting forward a museum of Canadian history'
Mr. Blais was also dismissive of the suggestion of political meddling. “I've been in the museum for 25 years almost. I can testify personally that I was never pressured for selecting one topic over another,” he said.
There is a clear military slant, however, to the topics flagged as important by the standing committee on heritage, which is examining how history is taught across the country. These include “pre-confederation, early confederation, suffrage, World War I, with an emphasis on battles such as Vimy Ridge, World War II including the Liberation of Holland, the Battle of Ortona, Battle of the Atlantic, the Korean conflict, peacekeeping missions, constitutional development, the Afghanistan conflict, early 20th century Canada, post-war Canada, and the late 20th century.”
Andrew Cash, deputy heritage critic for the NDP who sits on that committee, said the government has spent “a lot of money on getting Canadians hyped up and excited about specific historical events.”
“It's been a bit of an obsession,” he said. He also said there is a tendency to meddle in supposedly independent institutions.
“They're trying to do something more long term,” Prof. McKay said. “They're trying to change our vision of the country…. If it starts to take on the flavour of an exercise in propaganda, that's when line is crossed. With this regime, I'm not sure I'm fully trustful of their scholarly, intellectual probity in putting forward a museum of Canadian history.”
National Post
jbrean@nationalpost.com
Dino-killing asteroid sped up bird evolution
Human activities could change the pace of evolution, similar to what occurred 66 million years ago when a giant asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs, leaving modern birds as their only descendants. That's one conclusion drawn by the authors of a new study just published in Systematic Biology.
Dr Daniel Field from the Milner Centre for Evolution at the University of Bath and Cornell PhD candidate Jacob Berv suggest that the meteor-induced mass extinction (a.k.a. the K-Pg event) led to an acceleration in the rate of genetic evolution among its avian survivors. These survivors may have been much smaller than their pre-extinction relatives.
Lilliput effect
"There is good evidence that size reductions after mass extinctions have occurred in many groups of organisms," says Berv. Paleontologists have dubbed this phenomenon the "Lilliput Effect"—a nod to the classic tale Gulliver's Travels. "All of the new evidence we have reviewed is also consistent with a Lilliput Effect affecting birds across the K-Pg mass extinction."
"Smaller birds tend to have faster metabolic rates and shorter generation times," Field explains. "Our hypothesis is that these important biological characters, which affect the rate of DNA evolution, may have been influenced by the K-Pg event."
Rocks and clocks
The researchers jumped into this line of inquiry because of the long-running "rocks and clocks" debate. Different studies often report substantial discrepancies between age estimates for groups of organisms implied by the fossil record and estimates generated by molecular clocks. Molecular clocks use the rate at which DNA sequences change to estimate how long ago new species arose, assuming a relatively steady rate of genetic evolution. But if the K-Pg extinction caused avian molecular clocks to temporarily speed up, Berv and Field say this could explain at least some of the mismatch. "Size reductions across the K-Pg extinction would be predicted to do exactly that," says Berv.
"The bottom line is that, by speeding up avian genetic evolution, the K-Pg mass extinction may have substantially altered the rate of the avian molecular clock," says Field. "Similar processes may have influenced the evolution of many groups across this extinction event, like plants, mammals, and other forms of life."
The authors suggest that human activity may even be driving a similar Lilliput-like pattern in the modern world, as more and more large animals go extinct because of hunting, habitat destruction, and climate change.
“Right now, the planet's large animals are being decimated—the big cats, elephants, rhinos, and whales," notes Berv. "We need to start thinking about conservation not just in terms of functional biodiversity loss, but about how our actions will affect the future of evolution itself."
Reference:
Jacob S. Berv and Daniel J. Field. Genomic Signature of an Avian Lilliput Effect Across the K-Pg Extinction. Systematic Biology. 2017
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you enjoyed this article, you may also be interested in:
Mass extinction survival is more than just a numbers game
Molecular clocks will turn back time on what wiped out the dinosaurs
When estimating extinction risk, don't leave out the males
In an effort to mitigate the ridiculous amounts of smog that cloud China's biggest cities, local scientists have teamed up to develop the world's first hydrogen-fuelled tram.
Manufactured by the Sifang Company, which is a subsidiary of the China South Rail Corporation, in conjunction with several research institutions around the country, it gets enough power from one tank of hydrogen to travel 100 kilometres at a top speed of 70 km/h, and can transport at least 380 passengers at a time.
The vehicle, which has been in development for the past two years, has reportedly just rolled off the production line in coastal city of Qingdao last week, so it's expected to be hitting the streets very soon.
What's so awesome about it is its only emission is water - the temperature inside the fuel cell will be controlled to stop any nitrogen oxides from forming - so it's doing zero damage to the environment, and at the same time, it doesn't sacrifice any practicality. It only takes three minutes to refill, and due to the relatively quick routes taken by Chinese public transport users, drivers will only have to refuel a few times a day. It's also cheap to run, the researchers report.
"The average distance of tramcar lines in China is about 15 kilometres, which means one refill for our tram is enough for three round trips," Liang Jianying, chief engineer of the Sifang Company, told the Xinhua news agency.
The tram is a testament to the Chinese government's commitment to do something to figure out its smog problem. Just last year, the Chinese Environmental Protection Ministry reported that almost 90 percent of its cities had fallen below the threshold for air safety standards. Now it's time for the rest of the world to follow suit and get some of these awesome trams on their streets.
Source: The Times of Indiahe Times of India
58 Pages Posted: 24 Dec 2007 Last revised: 24 Jun 2009
There are 2 versions of this paper
Date Written: June 15, 2009
Abstract
Pooling data for 1905 to 2000, we find no systematic relationship between top income shares and economic growth in a panel of 12 developed nations observed for between 22 and 85 years. After 1960, however, a one percentage point rise in the top decile's income share is associated with a statistically significant 0.12 point rise in GDP growth during the following year. This relationship is not driven by changes in either educational attainment or top tax rates. If the increase in inequality is permanent, the increase in growth appears to be permanent, but it takes 13 years for the cumulative positive effect of faster growth on the mean income of the bottom nine deciles to offset the negative effect of reducing their share of total income.
As Wisconsin prepares for its Tuesday primary, a diverse band of activists is trying, but not always succeeding, to subvert the Republican frontrunner
'No hate in our state': undercover protesters take on Trump in Wisconsin
“I'm nervous,” said Mary Sanderson, her heart thumping as she scanned the Janesville convention center minutes before Donald Trump was due to address the crowd. “I can't find any of my friends.”
The 67-year-old medical interpreter from Madison, Wisconsin, had queued alone for more than four hours to get inside the 1,000-person capacity venue on Tuesday. But, unlike the vast majority of attendees, Sanderson was not here for the full speech. She was prepared to be arrested.
“I think it's time us older people stepped up to shut down his hate,” Sanderson said on the Saturday before Trump's Janesville event.
On Tuesday, she had stuffed a fabric sign under her bra, which read: “No hate in our state.” She had planned to pull it out “like a parachute” and wave it as Trump spoke.
Sanderson was part of a bigger plan, concocted days before Trump's appearance in this small, majority white town in southern Wisconsin, to disrupt and perhaps cancel the Republican frontrunner's town hall event. But as the cat-and-mouse game between Trump and the growing, diverse band of protesters willing to throw their bodies on the line intensifies, it became clear on Tuesday afternoon that the billionaire had won this round.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mary Sanderson inside the Janesville convention center: ‘I think it's time us older people stepped up to shut down his hate.' Photograph: Oliver Laughland for the Guardian
Another group, about 10 people strong, had been asked to leave the venue just before they made it inside. They had concealed large banners and planned to tape their mouths shut to condemn what they described as Trump's hate speech.
Following raucous scenes in Chicago earlier in the month, where Trump was forced to cancel a large rally, and mass arrests in St Louis at an event on the same day, Trump's schedule in Wisconsin, which will hold a crucial primary next Tuesday, shows that he has taken these damaging PR losses into account.
The Republican presidential candidate looks set to avoid Wisconsin's bigger, more diverse cities, and has planned town hall events – rather than rallies – in low-capacity spaces within smaller towns.
“He has completely lost control of the big venues,” said Stephanie Roades, a 38-year-old organizer with Showing Up for Racial Justice (Surj) and the leader of the group ejected before Trump's town hall on Tuesday. “It's easier with a crowd of a thousand people to know who the disrupters are going to be.”
She advised them to bring signs made of cloth, stuffed away where a pat down searches would not reveal them
In Janesville, the strategy succeeded in flushing out protesters seeking to enter the event who were overwhelmed by the volume and dedication of Trump supporters.
Roades said her group was photographed and aggressively questioned by supporters in the line, who then tipped security off about their presence. The fact the group had a single black member, who stuck out in the overwhelmingly white crowd, appeared to have alerted suspicions, she said.
“It's like people are little vigilantes.”
In recent weeks, following the shutdown in Chicago, online groups such as Lion Guard for Trump have formed, aimed at spotting planned disruptions on social media and tipping off the authorities. Before Trump took to the stage on Tuesday, an announcement was made on the loudspeaker calling on supporters to hold Trump signs over theirs head and chant “Trump, Trump, Trump” if they spotted anyone inside seeking to disrupt.
Hundreds of protesters picketed outside the Janesville event, and a 15-year-old was pepper-sprayed by a Trump supporter, according to Janesville police, after punching him during a heated argument.
But protesters, too, are trying to stay one step ahead. In the lead-up to the Janesville event, the Guardian was granted extensive access to the diverse band of activists who had carefully planned their attempts in the days before.
During a series of meetings held in Milwaukee, Madison and in Janesville itself, protesters from a variety of campaign groups, including those affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement and immigrant justice campaigns, studied previous actions against Trump around America, devised methods to evade local security and law enforcement as well as the secret service, which ultimately ended unsuccessfully.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest On Tuesday, a girl protesting at a Donald Trump rally in Janesville is escorted by police after being pepper-sprayed by a man. Photograph: Amber Arnold/AP
Roades, who watched the Chicago shutdown unfold on a live stream, presented a brief PowerPoint presentation on previous Trump protests. She suggested people wear only one layer of clothing to avoid suspicion they could be concealing banners, she advised them to bring signs made of cloth, stuffed away where pat-down searches would not reveal them.
Others discussed sewing their messages into the inside of their T-shirts, and planned to pull them off later, or bringing in a pair of crutches to hoist smuggled banners into the air. All agreed that black protesters should be protected by their white counterparts, by keeping them in the middle of any group, rather than on the outside where they risked more violence.
“It's going to be an intense crowd there,” said Ricky Diaz, a black 28-year-old whose involvement in direct action began after the fatal police shooting of Dontre Hamilton, a black 31-year-old with paranoid schizophrenia who was shot 14 times by a white officer who was later fired, but not criminally charged over the incident.
“Folks of colour are clearly at a higher risk. Full stop. Everyone in there's probably got a gun,” Diaz said.
A lot of people were just really scared and backed out at the last minute Stephanie Roades
In recent weeks black protesters at Trump rallies have been punched, kicked, shoved, violently arrested and heckled by Trump supporters in overwhelmingly white crowds. Diaz backed out from the event in Janesville, a 92% white city, that had been the site of a large national KKK rally in 1992, which prompted protests and violent clashes.
“A lot of people were just really scared and backed out at the last minute,” Roades said.
Mary Sanderson elected not to unfurl the banner stuffed inside her bra. “I couldn't find the right moment of hate,” she said after Trump's speech concluded.
But one man, 54-yearold Greg Gelembiuk, an evolutionary biologist also from Madison, unfurled an A4 piece of paper that photoshopped Trump's face on to a clown mask. Gelembiuk calmly refused to take it down as the crowd chanted “Trump, Trump, Trump” and he was escorted away.
The disturbance was minor in comparison with previous disruptions. But, as primaries loom in New York and Maryland, where larger, more robust protest movements in major cities have longer histories, it remains to be seen whether Trump will be able to keep the protests shut out.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Donald Trump raised about $90 million in August in his campaign for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election against Democrat Hillary Clinton, his campaign said on Wednesday.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks to supporters through a bullhorn during a campaign stop at the Canfield County Fair in Canfield, Ohio, U.S., September 5, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar
The fundraising totals, first reported by Fox News, did not include a breakdown of how much of the total the New York real estate mogul contributed to his own campaign. Trump said at a rally on Tuesday that he himself contributed a lot of the money to his campaign in August.
MORE POLITICS HEADLINES:
Republican ex-defense secretary Cohen backs Hillary Clinton
Live Blog: Mexico's Pena Nieto replaces finance minister after Trump visit
Trump campaign reverses ban on credentials for some media outlets
Clinton, who raised $143 million in the same time period, has consistently outraised Trump, allowing her to spend more widely on expensive television advertisements.
Clinton has also built a vastly larger campaign payroll, spending millions more than Trump to hire staff around the country that will be the backbone of her efforts to get people to turn out and vote.
In July, Trump took in $80 million.
Trump, a former reality TV star who has never held elected office, has already defied precedent in campaign spending. During the primary, he was outspent by many of his Republican rivals but was able to leverage free media coverage to secure the party's presidential nomination.
But Republican supporters have warned that he may not be able to replicate the winning formula in the general election, when turning out less-engaged voters is a key piece of victory.
Trump did not begin fundraising with intensity until June.
Clinton began August with $58 million, compared to Trump who started the month with $38 million.
Meet Brandon Darby, Grass-Roots Activist (And FBI Rat)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Music Box Films Music Box Films
Informant Director: Jamie Meltzer
Genre: Documentary
Running Time: 81 minutes Not rated (Recommended)
For a while in Jamie Meltzer's mesmerizing documentary Informant, I wondered whether subject Brandon Darby, the lefty activist turned FBI informer, was being played by an actor.
But no: It's Darby, and he's a handsome fellow, with haunted eyes blazing out of a bone structure to die for, and with a Montgomery Clift dimple in his chin. Staring straight into the camera, he testifies with the intense calm of a messiah or a madman, which all too often comes to the same thing. Among other things, this powerfully confused man is a study in American extremity.
Like almost everyone else in the crowd of fellow travelers and detractors who come out for and against him — sometimes both — Darby is more unreliable narrator than cynic. Certainly he comes across as a grandiose believer in his own propaganda, whether as the founder of the militant grass-roots aid movement Common Ground, created as a response to support survivors of Hurricane Katrina, or as the disillusioned turncoat and FBI plant who egged on, then turned in a group of young hotheads plotting to disrupt the 2008 Republican Convention in Minneapolis.
How Darby got from A to B is a both a shorter journey than you might imagine and a longer one. Meltzer, a filmmaker with an inquisitive nose for complexity and contradiction, spends just enough time on Darby's Texas childhood and distant-but-domineering dad to conclude that they pretty much programmed him for the role of rescuer — and for the crippling 50-50 ambivalence toward authority that made him first a dissident leader and then a slavish follower of FBI orders.
Watch The Trailer
According to a former associate, it was Darby's savior complex that moved him to rush south to aid a Katrina-imperiled friend, then stay in New Orleans to help out other survivors and found the Common Ground relief collective. And perhaps his difficulty with father figures caused him to tell a police officer who asked what he was doing in the area that "I'm trying to foment social change" — then later bond so deeply with an FBI handler that he readily sold out an amateur cell of would-be terrorists trying to rig up Molotov cocktails using tampons.
Perhaps, too, it was Darby's insatiable hunger for attention and recognition that allowed him to participate in Meltzer's reenactment of that very betrayal — an Errol Morris-style dramatize-it gambit that made me squirm a bit, and one which pretty much convicts Darby of entrapment.
In part, his conversion plays out not just as the tale of a tragically vulnerable lost soul, but as black comedy. One former colleague splutters with rage as he describes Darby's efforts to get him to man up by ordering him to stop eating tofu. And as the Minnesota journalist who outed Darby as an FBI stooge gleefully observes, a bunch of incompetents browsing Wal-Mart for bomb parts smacks more of farce than of thriller.
Yet it was precisely that hamfistedness that made that batch of would-be bombers dangerous. And as Darby not unreasonably tells it, he had grown genuinely alarmed by the violent rhetoric of the people he ran with in New Orleans — white racists and former Black Panthers who were arming up amid the post-Katrina chaos.
To his mostly embittered associates on the left, Darby is variously a fallen hero, an attention-seeking egomaniac and a full-on Judas. Absolutist that he is, Darby now excoriates the FBI for insufficient vigor in prosecuting child prostitution. Today he's a Tea Party darling and a passionate columnist for the website Breitbart.com.
Meltzer isn't out to pass any overt judgment; he wants to show Darby as a man of many parts — and, in his way, an all-American. Without a doubt, his subject is given to hurtling between extremes.
Yet the same gifts for paranoia, conspiracy theory and Messianic fervor that launched him on the margins also drew him to the mainstream, where he found allies, enablers and exploiters — among them the New Orleans police chief who fingered him as dangerously anti-government, then brokered his introduction to the FBI.
Where, for a while, he fit right in. (Recommended)
Marcy Ford is a managing partner and EVP of Bankruptcy and Firm Operations with Detroit-based Trott Law P.C. She is a member of the State Bar of Michigan, the Federal Bar Association, the Oakland County Bar Association, the American Bankruptcy Institute, and the National Association of Chapter 13 Trustees. She is a frequent speaker and published author, and she has been honored on the Crain Detroit Business "Women to Watch" list and by DBusiness Magazine as a "Top Lawyer" since the award's inception. Trott Law is a member of the Legal League 100, a nationwide consortium comprised of 100 default servicing and financial services law firms providing a results-driven, go-to resource for the industry's decision makers. Marcy recently spoke with DS News about the issues that bankruptcy laws are creating for servicers.
What are some of the current land mines in the bankruptcy space as it relates to mortgage servicing?
At the present time, what bankruptcy default servicers and their counsel are dealing with is the overarching issue that there is no margin for error. The servicers feel that they must be perfect in everything they do every single time. Keep in mind that there are 94 bankruptcy districts, approximately 350 bankruptcy judges that have different opinions, different rulings, different perspectives, local rules, and the U.S. Trustee all looking at mortgage default servicing and bankruptcy very closely. Rules are sometimes hard to follow and apply uniformly. You might say there is no uniformity despite bankruptcy being a federal law. This makes it very difficult not to have human errors or unintended consequences of processes or procedures and attempts to automate and operationalize in the current environment. There are so many different rule books that the servicers have to follow.
Specifically, if you wanted to look at one section of the bankruptcy law that servicers still struggle with, it certainly would be the rule 3002.1 requirements, which are payment change notices, 180-day notices, and notices of final cure payment. Across the board, servicers are still struggling with those rules and how to operationalize the requirements in a uniform way across the country when there is no uniformity.
What is an example of an unintended consequence that you have experienced related to the lack of uniformity?
I think you have to look no further than the 3002.1 requirements. Compliance may be pretty easy on a traditional mortgage where the payment only changes once a year when the escrow changes But not so easy on DSI loans or adjustable rate mortgages that change more frequently and in some instances strict compliance is impossible. Some districts have now created local rules or forms to accommodate the non-traditional situation, but others have not. All of this requires near constant monitoring and system/procedure updates.
The lack of uniformity or a single "source of truth" makes it difficult if not impossible to effectively use automation to be able to meet all the different bankruptcy needs.
How can this lack of uniformity be improved?
That is the second prong of looking at what's going on in bankruptcy right now that servicers have to be aware of in regard to future changes. There are three things that are on the horizon. One of them is, we just completed the comment period – it just closed February 17 –for the proposed bankruptcy federal rule changes and implementation of a national model plan. To some extent, the Federal Rules Committee has heard and is attempting to correct the lack of uniformity with the implementation of a national model plan and a set of rule changes that will support and require use of that national model plan. It certainly wouldn't fix everything, but it would be a move in the right direction. It's not law yet, and as a matter of fact, I'm not sure that anyone would give passage, as it currently stands, at greater than a 50 percent shot. Out of approximately 350 bankruptcy judges that sit in the United States, 144 of them signed onto a letter opposing the implementation of the national model plan.
The mortgage industry supports the implementation of a national model plan, by and large. It may not be perfect, but it's better than having 300-plus plans around the country. We don't know if it will pass, and if it does, it would not be effective until at least December 1, 2016.
Are the judges opposed because they like having their own way of doing things?
The joke is that nobody is necessarily opposed to a nation model plan –everyone just wants their plan to be selected as the national model plan! Before the closing of the comment period, another smaller group of judges, trustees, and one servicer offered up a compromise solution. So while this one national model plan maybe doesn't have a great chance of passing, the parties that are involved have not given up and are still proposing a compromise. Under the compromise, we would not end up with one model plan. It would allow the districts more flexibility. Every district would have to choose a plan, so there would be no more than 94 in the country. We would be moving from over 300 down to 94, so there is some value in that.
The national model plan would be a plus for the mortgage industry, but it comes with a negative. The rules committee has also proposed to move the proof of claims deadline down by 50 percent, down from approximately 120 days to 60 days. A 50 percent drop in the amount of time to file a proof of claim is very substantial for servicers and will be a challenge.
What other significant bankruptcy-related issues are currently facing mortgage servicers?
Potentially, a bigger concern for servicers is the proposed CFPB rules as they apply to bankruptcy. Right now there is a waiver in the requirement for servicers to send a monthly periodic statement to borrowers who are in bankruptcy. It is optional, but servicers are not required to send out periodic statements. The CFPB has proposed a rule that is in the comment period now that would eliminate that exception for borrowers in bankruptcy. There is, written into the proposal, the possibility of an exemption where certain conditions are met. However, those exemptions are very complicated to follow, and I think that it would be easy on a one-off basis, but we know, and the CFPB does know, that decisions on exemptions cannot be made on a one-off basis. They need to be put into rules and we need to be able to use automation. From my discussions with servicers and the technology companies, that challenge will be difficult to work through if the proposed rule is indeed the final rule. There is a 12-month implementation period after the final rule is published, and servicers will need every bit of that time to work with their departments, their business units, and their legal units as well as their technology providers to "get it right." That's a really big issue that servicers need to be paying attention to right now. They need to join with advocacy groups like the MBA or other groups and file comments on the proposed rule. In my opinion, the greatest challenge is automating a modified/bankruptcy statement for chapter 13 debtors, who are generally curing a mortgage default over a 3- to 5-year period.
Kolab, one of the most promising and important open source projects, offers two kinds of solutions: 1) Kolab Now, which is a groupware service with extra privacy protection thanks to Swiss law; 2) Self-hosted Kolab software which anyone can install on their own servers.
Kolab is now upping the ante by adding more services to its arsenal. The company just concluded its Kolab Summit in The Netherlands and came out with three major announcements.
I spoke with renowned free software developer Aaron Seigo who recently joined Kolab to discuss what's in store for the future.
Plugging into Microsoft Outlook
Let's face is Microsoft's Outlook is still a dominant player in the market and is being used by enterprise customers and governments alike. In 2014, Microsoft proposed to migrate their clients from MAPI to Active Sync as they felt it would offer them a more manageable solution, but this was met with strong market backlash and they reversed course. Additionally, Kolab customers with Outlook versions older than 2013 can't use Active Sync.
There is a better solution called MAPI (Mail Application Programming Interface) that was developed by Microsoft back in the '80s and early '90s. Unlike Active Sync, MAPI allows Kolab users to access all the features of Outlook.
But while MAPI makes customers' lives easy, it's very hard to maintain. It's not a nice, modern protocol. Seigo told me that Microsoft decided to drop support for MAPI last year, but a lot of their large customers were using it with their own solutions on top of it so Microsoft couldn't stop supporting it.
In the open source world, the implementation of MAPI is limited. There were only three projects using the protocol and two were tied to Open Source Groupware Zafara. They also decided to stop supporting it. That leaves Open Change as one of the most promising projects that Kolab can use. So they are working with Open Change to bring full support for MAPI to Kolab.
How it affects Kolab users: With MAPI, Kolab users will be able to connect to Outlook without installing anything directly to their installations. And, it just works. They get all the features that Outlook has.
Collaborative editing, chat and much more
The second big announcement was the arrival of synchronous communication to the Kolab stack. They already have great asynchronous support, which means email and calendar work well together. It will allow Kolab to add more services and offer more robust solutions to users. Seigo told me that they will be adding support for instant messaging, using XMPP, along with video chat support via WebRTC. They will also be introducing collaborative document editing. That's something that Microsoft offers with Office 365 and Google provides to Google Apps customers.
Seigo gave an excellent example of what to expect. When someone in a company sets up a calendar entry for a meeting, the software will automatically create a chat room assigned for that meeting. When the time for the meeting arrives, it will show pop-up notifications to the participants, and the WebRTC chat would start.
Kolab wants to bring it all together and integrate with the stack in 2015.
$80,000 crowdfunding campaign for Roundcube
Roundcube is one of the most popular webmail clients and is used not only by major corporations but also millions of individuals. Kolab adopted Roundcube in 2011 and also started supporting it by paying two of its top developers.
As the web is changing, companies like Google are doing their own thing, moving away from standards. Kolab wants to ensure that Roundcube remains the standard for another 10 years so customers can use it without worry. But the code base is 10 years old and they want to refactor it to make it modern.
At the moment Roundcube relies heavily on plugins to extend features; it does a lot of rendering on the server side as well as client side. On top of that the UI is also old.
Seigo reported that Roundcube users have told them that “everything is working fine, it's extremely stable and please don't add anything to it.” But the fact is that refactoring code and making it modern will prepare Roundcube for the future.
That's what Kolab is planning for the next version called Roundcube Next. In order to overhaul the code, change the plugin model to app model and provide it with a modern, one-page UI Kolab has started a Indiegogo campaign to raise $80,000 in 60 days.
There are different perks for different backers and the two top perks worth $5000 and $10,000 gets the backer on the advisory board of Roundcube during the period of refactoring.
It's a fixed campaign, which means they will get money only if they raise the whole $80k. The money will be used to hire two new developers who will work on refactoring the core. Seigo estimates it will be about six months of work. This money will also be used to hire a designer to create a fluid, one-page UI for Roundcube.
When I asked Seigo why they needed the campaign, he said, “Kolab is already investing heavily in Roundcube and we realized we need this refactoring. There is a huge user-base out there and we want to find how to engage them. At the same time it will also tell us what's the demand for it.”
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
Paper Planes: Film's inspiration Dylan Parker proud of his 'unexpected' foray into movies
Updated
When 22-year-old Dylan Parker competed at the 2009 World Paper Plane Championships in Austria, he never imagined his achievements would end up on national television, featuring in his very own Australian Story episode.
Five years later, he is credited with inspiring the Australian feature film, Paper Planes.
"It wasn't long after the Australian Story when [director] Robert Connolly contacted me and said, 'I've got an idea for a film, can I come and meet you?'," Parker said.
"It was so unexpected."
Connolly said he had already been toying with the idea of making a film for kids when he saw Parker's episode Fly With Me.
"My family religiously watches the show; my 12-year-old is addicted to it," he said.
"Katherine Slattery, a young producer working with me at the time, brought my attention to Dylan's story, and we just started throwing around ideas. It was a real inspiration.
"There's something about flight: it's something that children love."
When Connolly met with Parker and fellow paper plane enthusiast James Norton, he immediately decided to bring them on board as advisers.
"It's an intoxicating enthusiasm when you meet Dylan and James, I loved it," he said.
This is a film that celebrates the idea that one sheet of A4 paper, and your imagination, can be a great source of entertainment. Robert Connolly
After the initial meeting, Parker said he and Norton spent hours and hours on the phone with Connolly talking about their experience at the World Championships, and their passion for paper planes.
"There's a scene in the Australian Story episode where we're at the gym training for the competition – he wanted to know if we were actually legit, or just taking the piss a bit. And we weren't," Parker said.
"He went through the whole thing with us, searching for nuggets of gold.
"He's a really immersive person, so I think he was trying to get into our mindset. He just thought it was so weird, these guys that have this obsessive thing with these planes."
Film celebrates creative power of a piece of paper, imagination
Connolly never intended to make the film about Parker's life, but rather was inspired by his and Norton's passion and enthusiasm for the simple art of paper plane making.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Director Robert Connolly speaks with the ABC about Paper Planes (7.30 Victoria)
"There's something universal about the values of paper planes, which is what came across in Dylan's episode," he said.
"This is a film that celebrates the idea that one sheet of A4 paper, and your imagination, can be a great source of entertainment.
"I did name the character Dylan in the film, just for fun."
During the five years it took to develop the film, Parker and Norton were sent scripts, were on-set advisers, and even have a cameo appearance (they are the characters running the regional finals).
"You should have seen them on set, it was hilarious, winding the kids up and teaching them how to make the planes," Connolly said.
"I don't know how we would've done it without them. We needed our actors on camera to be able to make planes, and know how to throw them.
"They designed all the planes in the film. Their creative involvement was huge, but also their enthusiasm was invaluable."
Parker said he and Norton formed a great relationship with the all the young actors on set.
"Ed [Oxenbould] and Nick [Bakopoulos-Cooke] – by the end of it they were like paper pilots as well. They were nuts at it," he said.
"We've seen them five or six times since the filming, they're great kids."
Emotional Parker 'really proud' of Paper Planes film
At the film's premiere in Melbourne last August, Parker and Norton were special guests, and were so excited they sat right at the front in the middle.
"It was really emotional," Parker said.
"I've been through a fair bit to get to this point, in nice ways and weird ways. So when the movie actually started, I felt really proud. And James felt the same thing I'm sure of it.
"And although it's not a narrative that follows our real lives, there are hundreds of things in there that I remember telling Robert, even down to little looks the actors give."
But this is not the first time Connolly has found inspiration through Australian Story.
Back in 2007 when he was developing the film Balibo, he saw an episode about Michael Stone, an Australian Army Major who was seconded as an adviser to former East Timorese president Jose Ramos-Horta.
James and I are going to make a world record one day. Not sure what it is yet, it still needs more planning. Dylan Parker
"Seeing the episode on Michael Stone led me to invite him to act in the Balibo film. He's in the opening scene, having never acted before. He also became our adviser on the film. So all roads lead to Australian Story," he joked.
As for Parker's personal story, he remains in great health several years after the discovery and removal of a large brain tumour, which was documented in his Australian Story episode.
He and James have continued their side project Paper Pilots, teaching paper plane workshops and providing demonstrations at schools and events – more recently in Sydney at the Tropfest Film Festival.
But despite becoming the third best paper plane thrower (for distance) in the world back in 2009, Parker has not been able to return to the World Championship to better his record.
"The competition is only open to students, unfortunately. Obviously we've got to grow up and earn money for rent and all that," Parker said.
"But James and I are going to make a world record one day. Not sure what it is yet, it still needs more planning."
In the meantime, they can tick "inspire and appear in a feature film" off their bucket list.
Paper Planes is released in cinemas nationally today.
Topics: film-movies, arts-and-entertainment, australia
First posted
Toke TV 62: Pot Opponent Fibs About Child Deaths! Police Chief Challenged To Pot vs. Booze Duel! Woman Cast Out of Church for Medical Marijuana!
Find out what you need to know about the week in cannabis Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail /marijuana news, in just 16 minutes!
Don't forget to subscribe to the Toke TV channel on YouTube.
Toke Signals Bud Pick of the Week
Toke Signals Stories of the Week
Oregon: Marijuana Legalization Opponent Admits He Was Wrong About Child Deaths
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail An Oregon physician who outraged the crowd at a Tuesday night debate on marijuana legalization when he claimed five Colorado children had died from cannabis retracted on his statement on Wednesday and acknowledged he was wrong.
“I really need to retract that statement because I can't back it up,” said Dr. Ron Schwerzler, medical director at an addictions treatment center in Eugene. Schwerzler claimed he “might have been misunderstanding” stories of children who have been hospitalized in Colorado after accidentally ingesting marijuana-infused edibles. “Telling a whopper” seems a much more likely explanation, Dr. Schwerzler.
When Tuesday's discussion turned to the issue of how legalization is being implemented in Colorado, Schwerzler said: “Let's concentrate on those edibles. There have been at least five infant children deaths in Colorado that have picked up these drugs.”
Maine: Marijuana Legalization Advocate Challenges Police Chief To Pot vs. Booze Drug Duel
(Hemp News)
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail In order to prove once and for all that marijuana is less harmful than alcohol, marijuana initiative proponent David Boyer challenged South Portland Police Chief Edward Googins to a drug duel. Boyer will be in the Mill Creek Park gazebo at high noon on Wednesday prepared to take a hit of marijuana for every shot of alcohol consumed by Googins to see who will be the last man standing for a previously scheduled debate for 7 p.m. that evening.
In an October 14 news story Chief Googins said, “Claims that marijuana is safer than alcohol are so bogus it's not even funny.” He also said marijuana is too dangerous to make legal for adults because it “continues to create and perpetuate other problems.”
Chief Googins made a similar comment during a press conference at the Mill Creek Park gazebo earlier this year. He is actively campaigning against a citizen-initiated referendum on the November ballot that would make possession of up to one ounce of marijuana legal for adults 21 years of age and older under city law.
Texas Woman Thrown Out of Church For Using Medical Marijuana
(Hemp News)
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail A woman in Beaumont, Texas says she was cast out by her church for using medical marijuana.
Faith Bodle said she uses cannabis oil extracted from marijuana to treat degenerative spine disease, congestive heart failure and arthritis, reports Brittany Rainville at KBMT-TV.
Fellow church members at Beaumont Seventh Day Adventist Church became concerned after Bodle publicly supported the medicinal use of marijuana on a TV news report.
Two-Thirds of Americans Believe Benefits of Medical Marijuana Outweigh Risks
(Hemp News)
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail As Floridians get set to hit the polls on Nov. 4 and decide the fate of legalizing medical marijuana in the Sunshine State with Amendment 2, another debate is brewing: do the benefits of medical marijuana to treat chronic pain outweigh the risks?
According to a recent survey conducted online in October by Harris Poll on behalf of Miami Jewish Health Systems among over 2,000 adults, two out of three Americans – some 68 percent – believe that yes, the benefits of using medical marijuana to treat pain outweigh the risks.
When looking at age groups, those between the ages of 55-64 (74 percent) are more likely to agree with the statement “the benefits of using medical marijuana to treat pain outweigh the risks” than those age 45-54 (63 percent) and those age 65+ (59 percent). Men and women feel the same way, with 68 percent of men stating the benefits of marijuana to treat pain outweigh the risks and 69 percent of females indicating this.
D.C. Marijuana Initiative Gets Major Endorsements From NAACP and NOW
(Hemp News)
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail The Washington, D.C. chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the D.C. Branch of the National Organization for Women on Thursday came out in support of marijuana legalization and endorsed D.C.'s Initiative 71.
Initiative 71, which is on the November 4 ballot, would legalize the possession of up to two ounces marijuana for adults over the age of 21, and allows individuals to grow up to six plants in their home. D.C. laws prevent the ballot initiative from addressing the taxation and sale of marijuana; however, the D.C. Council is currently considering a bill which would account for such provisions.
Additionally, the Washington Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs on Wednesday released its groundbreaking report entitled “The Collateral Consequences of Arrests and Convictions under D.C., Maryland, and Virginia Law.” The report is the first of its kind to examine the effect of the collateral consequences associated with arrests for residents in the DMV area.
Police Raids on Medical Marijuana Gardens Cut Off Treatment For Kids With Epilepsy
(Hemp News)
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail As promising results from clinical trials are announced in the use of medicinal cannabis (medical marijuana) to treat intractable epilepsy, those lawfully cultivating the plant in California are being raided by local law enforcement. Two gardens destroyed by police in the past two months in Mendocino County and Modesto contained a rare strain of medical marijuana rich in Cannabidiol (or CBD) used by children many of whom do not respond to other drug treatments.
On August 5, unidentified men in camouflage dropped from an unmarked helicopter onto the 120-acre property of Potter Valley resident and cancer survivor Susan Schindler, cutting down her lawfully cultivated medical marijuana plants. In addition to growing for herself, Schindler was cultivating rare strains of medical marijuana rich in CBD, a non-psychotropic constituent of the plant, which were being used orally by children with epilepsy.
Schindler was also cultivating plants rich in THCV, another active constituent (or cannabinoid) that was producing positive results for a patient with Parkinson's disease.
Melissa Etheridge Talks Marijuana In New Larry King Interview
(Hemp News)
Google+
Pinterest
reddit
Tumblr
Gmail Music icon Melissa Etheridge sits down with Larry King on the Emmy nominated series “Larry King Now” to talk about the ‘panic' in her industry, President Obama's job performance, legalizing marijuana and her new self-released album.
As a cancer survivor, Etheridge explained how medical marijuana got her through it and why cannabis should be legal across the board. “I think it could help our society incredibly,” she said. (You can view the interview clip below.)
Of her duet with Queen Latifah, “It was so much fun, any genre anything just come knock on my door I'll sing with you, I love playing in other people's sandboxes,” Etheridge said.
Toke TV/Toke Radio = a joint production of Toke Signals and Indie Media Weekly
One of poker's great back-to-back stories sees Ryan Tosoc win one of the biggest titles and prizes of 2017.
Ryan Tosoc
As always the WPT Five Diamond Classic at the Bellagio ends the poker year for the American high stakes community, and this time the finale had a sense of deja vu.
This time last year Ryan Tosoc came 2nd in this event, losing to James Romero but pocketing an impressive $1,124,051. It's very difficult to go one better on a runner-up result, but he managed it last night, taking it down for $1,958,065.
"It feels unreal," Tosoc said right after the win. "I kind of feel like I'm in a dream right now."
This year the event broke its own attendance record of 791, cramming in 812 entries and having to deal with a lot of alternates, all of which while still only having a single starting day.
Also notable at the final table was 4th place finisher Sean Perry, son of veteran Ralph Perry, who literally turned 21 on the day of the event making it his first legal live MTT in America. He got off to a good start to his live career with a $504,090 score.
Next up for the World Poker Tour is the WPT European Championship in Berlin between January 5-15.
WPT Five Diamond Classic Position Player Prize 1st Ryan Tosoc $1,958,065 2nd Alex Foxen $1,134,202 3rd Mike Del Vecchio $752,196 4th Sean Perry $504,090 5th Away Chabra $350,500 6th Richard Kirsch $271,736 812 entries
Can you think of a better back-to-back result? Let us known in the comments:
-, UNITED STATES: This image obtained 14 December, 2004 shows the homepage from the Internet search giant Google. Google announced plans Tuesday to digitize the contents of millions of library books and make them searchable online. The Silicon Valley firm said it was working with the libraries of Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, and the University of Oxford as well as the New York Public Library. The books from those collections will be scanned digitally so that users worldwide can search them in Google. AFP PHOTO/HO/GOOGLE (Photo credit should read HO/AFP/Getty Images) This image shows the homepage from the Internet search giant Google. (credit: HO/AFP/Getty Images)
SEATTLE (CBS Seattle) — Google is testing 252 “mystery” devices in its employees' homes, but what the device is, nobody outside of Google knows.
Google recently applied for an experimental license with the Federal Communications Commission for an unnamed entertainment device.
The device is still early in development as testing is set to see if the device works properly and to “reveal real world engineering issues and reliability of networks.”
One possibility that was suggested was the device is related to the Android@home framework, where Google promises to allow users to control appliances such as lights and alarm clocks through an Android device.
Another possibility is that it could be another version of Google TV.
Google TV was released in 2010 and received mediocre reviews. The product was considered a failure.
However, with the rumor of the Apple TV coming, and the media capabilities of Microsoft's Xbox 360 being expanded recently, Google might want to throw its hat in the ring for another round.
Filmmaker Imtiaz Ali has come up with a short film India Tomorrow and he will take the digital route to promote it. “With this short film, I am opening up the doors to the digital world, to have conversations with interested people and organisations. I have these powerful, shorter stories that must be told and now can be told,” said Ali.
He stressed that the fact that the short films are available on the internet, makes access easy and gives them longevity. “I think web series, short films are exciting forms that hold potential to bring about change in storytelling and entertainment.”
Watch: Imtiaz Ali's short film India Tomorrow
“When you want to talk to the point, short film is important where you don't need anything else -- just put your point. I can do that quickly without any problem. I would say feature film is your life and this is like a one-night stand,” he added.
India Tomorrow lasts five minutes, in which it showcases a sex worker having a conversation with her client about the stock market. It gives out a powerful message. Asked how he plans to promote the short film, Imtiaz said: “Any budget for the publicity is not available because this is not working on that kind of financial monitory model. But we are promoting it through social media.”
Read: Imtiaz Ali is the grand-daddy of love stories, says Ranbir Kapoor
Read: Cinema is permanent, films outlive us, says Imtiaz Ali
Also, he feels that short films are always “out there”. “And a lot of these short films, they become popular after years. Since it takes such a long time, you don't have to panic and create publicity,” he added.
Imtiaz said he has many more story ideas in place. “I am contemplating different ideas. Here you don't have India and international release problem. Hopefully, I will make many more.”
Follow @htshowbiz for more.
First Published: Apr 05, 2016 14:13 IST
A new legal brief was filed Friday in Polk County District Court that asks the court to take away the right of eminent domain from Texas-based company Dakota Access, which is building the Bakken Pipeline across the state, including through parts of Boone and Story counties.
The brief was filed by Bill Hanigan, of the Davis Brown Law Firm in Des Moines. In August, Hanigan filed a motion with the district court to temporarily prevent construction of the pipeline across the property of 14 Iowa landowners while the lawsuit remained pending. The court denied the request and the pipeline was installed on the property of all 14 landowners, according to a press release.
The brief filed Friday is in preparation of oral arguments scheduled for Dec. 15. It asks the court to revoke Dakota Access's use of eminent domain and to order Dakota Access to remove the pipeline from the property of the 14 Iowa landowners.
“I don't understand how Dakota Access can seize my family's farm,” said landowner and Davis Brown client, Cyndy Coppola in a written statement. “Dakota Access is a private, out-of-state company and that's not right. Worse, we are fighting what I believe to be an unethical corporation transporting hazardous, fracked oil and getting no help from our own government.”
Earlier this year, the Iowa Utilities Board ruled that Dakota Access may use the state's power of eminent domain and could proceed with its proposed oil pipeline.
In the brief, Hanigan argues that the IUB misinterpreted Iowa law, specifically the 2006 law designed to protect Iowa farmland, and the United States Constitution. The landowners believe that Dakota Access is not a public utility and should not have the ability to use eminent domain to forcibly access Iowa landowners' property to build a private pipeline, according to the press release.
Howdy Jammers!
We're really excited to tell you about a new feature developed by our hardworking Jam Engineers. Without any further ado, we'd like to announce that BTCJam users will now be able to Refinance their loans — right here on BTCJam!
Having trouble paying back a loan? Refinance your loan on BTCJam today!
Q: What is refinancing?
A: Refinancing is a way for borrowers to restructure their current debt under different terms.
Q: How does BTCJam's refinancing work?
A: If the borrower chooses to refinance a loan, the new loan amount will be set to guarantee the repayment of this loan. A refinancing loan is a special type of loan that cannot be activated by the borrower. The funds raised for this loan are sent directly to the investors of the previous loan.
Q: Can I refinance my loan?
A: Yes, any borrower with an outstanding loan can attempt to refinance their loan.
Q: What do you mean attempt?
A: The refinancing process is much like the process for funding your original loan. Investors will decide whether or not to fund your refinancing based upon the completeness of your profile, the diligence you show in describing your loan, how you intend to pay it back, the reasons for your refinancing, and of course, our proprietary credit score.
Q: What happens if my refinancing attempt is successful?
A: If your refinancing loan reaches a point when the sum of investments is enough to repay the original loan, your loan will automatically activate and the investors of your previous loan will be repaid.
Q: What happens if my refinancing attempt is unsuccessful?
A: You can attempt to refinance again, perhaps with more favorable rates for investors, but if the investors choose not to fund you two times in a row, perhaps it's time to continue paying off the original loan.
Thanks for reading about our new feature, Refinancing Loans on BTCJam. We hope you like it. If you have any questions or suggestions for a new feature or anything about BTCJam, we'd love to hear from you at support@BTCJam.com.
Until Next Time…. Keep on Jamming!
Having trouble paying back your debt? Refinance your loan today with BTCJam!
A decades-old restaurant in the heart of Cambridge has shut its doors for good.The Harvard Crimson is reporting that Yenching in Harvard Square closed suddenly on Sunday, with a note in the window of the Mass. Ave. eatery saying "It has been a great pleasure serving you. Thank you not only for your patronage but also your friendship." It is not yet known why the dining spot shut down, and workers at the restaurant declined giving any further comments on the closure to the Crimson; as soon as we find out more, we will post an update here.Yenching first opened its doors 40 years ago, offering Szechuan-style fare and Chinese-American dishes such as spare ribs, crab rangoons, kung pao chicken, shredded beef, Singapore noodles, chicken chow foon, and moo shi pork.The address for this Chinese restaurant in Harvard Square was: Yenching, 1326 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02138.Thanks to @bellegardbastos for initially bringing this to our attention.Follow us on Twitter at @hiddenboston
Labels: Cambridge restaurants, Chinese restaurants, Harvard Square restaurants, restaurant closings
. @NewtGingrich : If this beating had been done to an African American by 4 whites, every liberal in the country would be outraged pic.twitter.com/5TOO4m2oHb
Thursday on Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said if a Facebook live video showing assailants beating a victim had been done by four whites to an African-American instead of by four blacks to a white, there would be more outrage.
“If this had been done to an African-American by four whites, every liberal in the country would be outraged and there would be no question it is a hate crime,” Gingrich said. “So, let's be clear about this. We are right at the edge of a terrible period, which I know President-elect Donald Trump wants to avoid, of having the deep bitter division in the communities that makes America hard to govern.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Carolyn Curran of the Animal Rescue League of Boston got a smooch from the pooch.
He was left shivering on the side of a busy road in Hingham. Now the 2-year-old Maltese-type dog is stealing hearts.
Hingham police have been inundated with calls and messages about the brown-eyed pooch, who was found in a large metal crate Monday morning. By Wednesday afternoon, a Facebook post with a photo of the dog had been shared nearly 15,000 times.
“We've received some possible tips but countless offers to adopt the dog,” said Sergeant Steven Dearth, who has been handling the case. “We're just hoping one of the calls leads to the owner.”
Advertisement
The dog was left in the cage with a blanket, leash, food, dog coat, and toys — but without identification. He had been on the roadside less than an hour when he was found.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Pets are often abandoned but rarely in this fashion, said Carolyn Curran, who works at the Animal Rescue League of Boston, which is caring for the dog.
“Someone took the effort to leave the dog in a crate with all of his things and not bring him to a shelter and surrender him,” Curran said.
The dog has no apparent signs of abuse or malnourishment and is doing well, Curran said.
“He was a little nervous upon arrival, but he is super friendly,” she said. “He wags his tail when he sees people and is obviously very cute.”
Advertisement
Like police, the Rescue League has received many offers to adopt the dog. But police are still trying to identify the owner.
“If the adoption becomes necessary down the road, we'll give any relevant updates,” police wrote on Facebook. There are a number of other dogs available for adoption, the Rescue League said.
Under Massachusetts law, animal abandonment is a felony. The dog was left without tags and was not microchipped.
“An animal can be brought to organizations like ARL, a local shelter, or even a police or fire department,” the Animal Rescue League said. “There are always options, but abandonment should never be one of them.”
Maddie Kilgannon can be reached at maddie.kilgannon@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @MaddieKilgannon
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jonjo Shelvey was booed by fans in his last ever act as a Swansea City player.
His first few moments wearing a black and white shirt at St James' Park will see him roared on to the field – and you can bet his every tackle will be cheered around the four corners of the famous old stadium.
Still just 23, Shelvey is an experienced head on young shoulders and a packed Press conference at the club's Benton base did not seem to faze him in the slightest.
Instead, Shelvey's message was clear. He isn't the troublemaker that Swansea fans were making him out to be and he simply wants to lace up his boots and get back to letting his football do the talking.
Having been frozen out at Swansea he probably didn't even feel the icy Tyneside breeze as he looked forward to a new challenge. Shelvey is in from the cold in football terms and has been guaranteed game-time with the Magpies.
He cut the figure of a relaxed man as he leant back in one of the changing rooms at Benton. Before he started the interview he switched his phone off to talk – as he put it – “business”. And you just get the feeling that Newcastle fans are going to love the no-nonsense midfield man.
When asked about his debut, he told the Chronicle: “I can't wait to be honest. Even the warm-up will be magical.
“But the moment I come back in and pull on that famous black and white shirt for the first time for a game will be an unbelievable feeling. I'll give my family a quick wave in the crowd then it will be down to business.”
At Swansea he found himself on the sidelines and enduring the fury of fans after the Welsh club were dumped out of the FA Cup at the hands of Oxford United. Coming to Newcastle has offered him a release from his recent troubles.
Shelvey said: “If you aren't playing you come home and you are moody and angry. You don't want to talk to people. It's nice to be at a club that makes you feel welcome.
“Even around the city the fans knock on your window. It's a brilliant feeling. I can talk all day long but the only way I can repay them is through performance.
“Once you go over the white line, it gives you belief.”
Shelvey was raised in east London's Harold Hill.
It is an area of the capital renowned for drug problems and crime but Shelvey feels he has something in common already with the football-mad Tyneside public.
He said: “I just love football. There's no better feeling than driving into work every day knowing you are going to be kicking a football around. It's a job that I love.
“The fans here clearly love their football and I have never experienced that at any other club, they just love it. At Liverpool it was similar but I think the fans here are even bigger in terms of support.
“It's a great club to be at. The city is brilliant and everything feels like a perfect fit.
“You'd only have to ask my family how miserable I was in the last four or five weeks. Since I have come up to Newcastle I have not stopped smiling. I want to go out and do things again. Around the house I have been smiling again and my character has changed.”
(Image: Serena Taylor/Newcastle United via Getty Images)
Shelvey made it clear that Newcastle was the move he truly wanted this January. After being told he could leave Swansea he had his heart set on a move to the North-East.
He said: “It was a while ago when I first heard Newcastle wanted me but I started doing my research on the club and the area around the place.
“I didn't realise how big the club was to be honest but it's a great feeling to be here and I am a very fortunate boy that a club of Newcastle's stature have shown interest in me.”
Shelvey also revealed he knocked back two clubs in London to sign for the Magpies.
He said: “I could have gone to clubs in London but I didn't want to be in London, I wanted to get away from it.
“I thought there was no better fit for me in terms of the club here at Newcastle. There's the stature of it and the passionate fans.
“With the intensity I have I think it matches the fans. Now, it's down to me to show why the club bought me and paid the money they did. It's up to me to repay that price tag.”
Shelvey has already had a taste of St James' Park and the atmosphere after being paraded on the hallowed turf before the 3-3 draw with Manchester United.
And after hearing the reaction of the crowd as the last gasp equaliser went in, Shelvey says he's already hooked.
He said: “It was a great feeling to see it go in. I was sitting in an executive box but some of the chants and songs around the stadium sounded so good.
“To see the fans jumping up all the time is a great experience. I haven't really had that at any other ground. It must be fantastic to have 50,000 fans shouting your name.
“I can't wait to be involved. When I was watching the game the other night I turned around to my dad and said: ‘I want to be out there'. That's the type of arena I want to play my games in.
“Hopefully there will be many occasions like it.”
Nat Turner, (born October 2, 1800, Southampton county, Virginia, U.S.—died November 11, 1831, Jerusalem, Virginia), black American slave who led the only effective, sustained slave rebellion (August 1831) in U.S. history. Spreading terror throughout the white South, his action set off a new wave of oppressive legislation prohibiting the education, movement, and assembly of slaves and stiffened proslavery, antiabolitionist convictions that persisted in that region until the American Civil War (1861–65).
Turner was born the property of a prosperous small-plantation owner in a remote area of Virginia. His mother was an African native who transmitted a passionate hatred of slavery to her son. He learned to read from one of his master's sons, and he eagerly absorbed intensive religious training. In the early 1820s he was sold to a neighbouring farmer of small means. During the following decade his religious ardour tended to approach fanaticism, and he saw himself called upon by God to lead his people out of bondage. He began to exert a powerful influence on many of the nearby slaves, who called him “the Prophet.”
In 1831, shortly after he had been sold again—this time to a craftsman named Joseph Travis—a sign in the form of an eclipse of the Sun caused Turner to believe that the hour to strike was near. His plan was to capture the armoury at the county seat, Jerusalem, and, having gathered many recruits, to press on to the Dismal Swamp, 30 miles (48 km) to the east, where capture would be difficult. On the night of August 21, together with seven fellow slaves in whom he had put his trust, he launched a campaign of total annihilation, murdering Travis and his family in their sleep and then setting forth on a bloody march toward Jerusalem. In two days and nights about 60 white people were ruthlessly slain. Doomed from the start, Turner's insurrection was handicapped by lack of discipline among his followers and by the fact that only 75 blacks rallied to his cause. Armed resistance from the local whites and the arrival of the state militia—a total force of 3,000 men—provided the final crushing blow. Only a few miles from the county seat the insurgents were dispersed and either killed or captured, and many innocent slaves were massacred in the hysteria that followed. Turner eluded his pursuers for six weeks but was finally captured, tried, and hanged.
Nat Turner's rebellion put an end to the white Southern myth that slaves were either contented with their lot or too servile to mount an armed revolt. In Southampton county black people came to measure time from “Nat's Fray,” or “Old Nat's War.” For many years in black churches throughout the country, the name Jerusalem referred not only to the Bible but also covertly to the place where the rebel slave had met his death.
Turner has been most widely popularized by William Styron in his novel The Confessions of Nat Turner (1967).
Over the years, Freddie Roach consistently referred to Anderson Silva as the best pure boxer in MMA -- with only one caveat.
Roach, one of boxing's most storied trainers, often warned that Silva plays around too much in the cage, allowing opponents to hang around longer than they should. And just as Roach predicted, Silva's penchant for the theatrical ultimately led to his downfall.
"I definitely saw him get knocked out," Roach said, referring to Silva's UFC 162 loss to Chris Weidman on Monday's edition of The MMA Hour. "My thought on that is that he just plays around too much. I think it's too easy for him sometimes. He just got caught playing around. In this sport, one punch can change things, and this isn't a sport you should actually play [around].
"The thing is, I think he gets a little bored in there because he's talented, and he seems like he's more talented than a lot of the guys. He is one of the best I've ever worked with. He understands timing and distance really well. I think he could've avoided taking those shots, but again, I'm not sure what his thought process was. I think he was just a little bit lazy and playing around too much."
More than a month after the fact, Silva's loss remains a shocking reminder that no man is invincible in this sport. The image of Weidman's left hand colliding into Silva's jaw, and Silva crashing onto the mat, his eyes rolled back into his skull, will be replayed ad infinitum. How Silva handles the pair's rematch at UFC 168 will determine whether that moment will signify a simple bump in the road, or the end of an era.
"Obviously a loss is a loss. Regardless of how he lost or why he lost, it's not anyone's fault but your own," Roach said. "It's part of his career, it's part of his life, so we can't say, ‘Well, he wasn't ready for that one,' or, ‘He didn't train for that one.' It is going to be part of his legacy and I think he needs to come back and come back well."
Palestinian children wounded in an Israeli air strike lay on a bed at a hospital in Khan Younis in the southern Gaza Strip, 8 August. Abed Rahim Khatib APA images
The 72-hour ceasefire had barely expired when Israeli airstrikes on Gaza resumed on Friday.
As Israel claimed it is targeting “terror sites,” its first victim was a ten-year-old child in Gaza City. Ibrahim Dawawsa was killed while playing with some friends in the yard of a mosque close to his home, when a missile ended his life and injured his two young friends.
During the nearly month-long military offensive on Gaza prior to the short ceasefire, Israel killed 448 children and injured 2,502, according to United Nations estimates. As of 8 August, the death toll in Gaza had reached 1,922.
Death toll rose even when bombing stopped
During each day of the ceasefire, the UN's estimate of the number of children killed rose, as fieldworkers were able to recover the bodies of those killed — some buried in the rubble for weeks. One of the most serious incidents the UN discovered during the first 24 hours of the ceasefire was the badly decomposed bodies of eight members of the Wahdan family, left under a destroyed home in Beit Hanoun.
The dead, which included three children under the age of fifteen, four women and two people over sixty, are believed to have been killed by an airstrike soon after the Israeli ground invasion on 18 July. Al Mezan Center for Human Rights listed the names of the killed, which includes Ghena Younis Saqr, 2; Hussein Hatim, 9; Ahmed Hatim, 13; Zeinab Hatim, 22; Somoud Hatim, 22; Baghdad Hatim, 51; Suad Ahmed, 65; and Zaki Abdel, 67.
Defence for Children International-Palestine, an independent child-rights organization, is in the process of identifying and verifying each child killed in Gaza; thus far, the international organization has confirmed the deaths of 241 children.
181 children confirmed killed in #Gaza & 70 cases being investigated by @DCIPalestine as #Israeli assault continues. pic.twitter.com/9ESbag4RTd — Defense for Children (@DCIPalestine) August 2, 2014
Siblings killed together
In many of DCI-Palestine's documented cases, children are killed while in their homes or attempting to flee to safety. Often, cases describe several young siblings or cousins killed together at once.
Israeli drone killed 5 kids from one family on Aug 1 after they fled home that had been struck by drone missiles http://t.co/tcjbSkH943 — Defense for Children (@DCIPalestine) August 7, 2014
In one example, on 29 July, six children between the ages of four months and five years were killed by an Israeli missile in the al-Bureij refugee camp. From the Jabr family, siblings Leen Anwar Mohammad Abu Jabr, 3; Salma, 1; Mohammad Raed Mohammad Abu Jabr, 3; Sama, 1; Tuqa Salah Khalil Abu Isa, 4 months; and their cousin Hala Ahmad Hamdan Abu Jabr, 5, were all killed in one strike.
During this same attack, a pregnant woman had a miscarriage.
In another case, a single Israeli missile killed everyone inside a three-story building near Khan Younis, including nineteen children between the ages of one and sixteen years old.
A Palestinian boy amid houses ruined by Israeli strikes in Jabaliya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip, 9 August. Ashraf Amra APA images
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs asserted that Israel's targeting of nearly 1,000 civilian homes “raise[s] serious concerns about the targeting of civilians and civilian objects and the launching of indiscriminate attacks.”
While celebrating the Eid al-Fitr holiday on 28 July, Hind Imad Qadoura, eleven, her brother Yousef, ten, and their cousin Mohammad Musa Marzouq Elwan, four, were killed when Israel shelled their home in Jabaliya.
But there is no single story that tells how Israel has killed children.
Hazem Naim Mohammed Aqel, who DCI-Palestine describes as an orphan, was killed by a drone missile on 23 July when he went with his cousin to the grocery store in the Zeitoun neighborhood of Gaza City.
On 29 July, Mohammad Abdul-Nasser Mohammad al-Ghandour, fifteen, was hit by a piece of shrapnel from an strike on agricultrual land in Beit Lahia, killing him instantly.
Ibrahim Moatasem Ibrahim Kloub, four, was playing on his balcony with his mother when a drone missile flew into his family's home, killing him and seriously injuring his mother.
These are just a few of the hundreds of child deaths that are being carefully documented by human rights organizations.
Dangers for pregnant women
The situation for pregnant women is particularly dire. Out of the estimated 46,000 pregnant women in Gaza, ten thousand are displaced. The Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza reports that 160 deliveries take place each day. The Israeli assault has caused a marked increase in premature births:
Women are giving birth under increasingly difficult conditions. Maternity clinics have been closed, as are a number of private maternity centers. Other facilities are overstrained. In some, maternity beds are being used to serve the wounded. Shifa hospital has reported a 15 to 20 per cent increase in premature births, which are linked to the stress of hostilities. Home deliveries are reportedly on the rise, increasing the risks for women and their babies.
The UN estimates that around 373,000 children are in need of immediate psychosocial support, observing that surviving children are “showing symptoms of increasing distress, including bed wetting, clinging to parents and nightmares.”
A Palestinian boy who is among hundreds of thousands of displaced Gaza residents poses for a photo at a UN school being used as a temporary shelter in Gaza City, 7 August. Ezz Al-Zanoon APA images
Olivia Watson, an advocacy officer with DCI-Palestine, warned of the long-term costs for surviving children in Gaza in the Israeli publication +972 Magazines:
For the children who manage to escape physical injury, the psychological effects of this latest operation will be hidden, but severe and resounding. Many have lost one or both parents, or other family members. Some have lost their entire extended families. All have experienced violence, fear and instability at close quarters. Lists of fatalities … obscure the reality that awaits Palestinian children in Gaza. Those who survive will emerge to find their previous lives almost unrecognizable, as the families, schools, hospitals and mosques that framed their world are systematically destroyed.
As Israel's assault continues, the number child victims continue to climb as well.
Meghan Vogel might have won the state title for the 1600 meter race, but the track star is probably receiving more attention for her extraordinary act of kindness toward another competitor.
After winning her event on Saturday, the Ohio teen was participating in the 3200 meter race when competitor Arden McMath fell just meters from the finish line, the Springfield News-Sun reports.
Vogel soon came to her aid, carrying the fallen runner to the end of the track, where she guided her across the finish line -- ahead of herself.
The teens finished in 14th and 15th place, but the crowd -- touched by the scene -- gave the pair a standing ovation.
As the story continues to spread, Vogel has received an increasing amount of national media attention for an act she said was a natural reaction to the circumstances.
"If you work to get to the state meet, you deserve to finish no matter who you are. I was going to make that happen for her no matter what," Vogel told WDTN News.
“I just couldn't believe she'd done that for me," McMath told the paper. "We're all in it together as distance runners. Everyone is trying to do their best. It's a lot harder on your body than a lot of the other races."
According to ESPN, Vogel was so exhausted from her previous event she didn't have enough energy to completely commit to the second race. But the junior from West Liberty-Salem High School said maybe it was meant to be.
"I think fate may have put me (in last place) for a reason," Vogel told the station.
Now, the teen is trying to relax and enjoy the summer, though her mother said that hasn't been easy.
"The phone's been ringing a lot," Ann Vogel told ESPN.
Lacks size. Not tall and does not possess enough bulk at this time. - NFL.com
Central Michigan's Antonio Brown declared for the NFL Draft in 2010, just a junior from a smaller school, but one who put up huge numbers. In three seasons, he racked up 3,199 receiving yards on 305 catches, scoring 22 times. He also rushed for 598 yards for the Chippewas, adding another four touchdowns.
The scouts didn't see it.
Rated number 37 out of 276 WR's - NFL Draft Scout
Brown earned a trip to the Combine, where he would compete against other highly reputable wide receivers in that draft class, like Arrelious Benn (second round), Damian Williams and Brandon LaFell (both third round picks).
Judging him purely on his Combine numbers, or even when he improved on those at his pro day, Brown didn't bolster his floundering stock.
Scouts again couldn't look past his size.
Needs to add strength to more effectively beat press coverage and battled (sic) for the ball in the air. - NFL.com
The 2015 NFL Scouting Combine begins Tuesday, with drills scheduled to start Friday, the next Antonio Brown may be participating. The next late-round pick who doesn't fit into a neat mold of prototype; one who gives armchair scouts reasons to quickly point out flaws in a thousand word posts all over the Internet.
Route running skills could use some refinement. - NFL.com
For all the routes Brown could not run when he was 22, he's running them now. When he was 22, scouts had to project where he would eventually reach as a player. It's a borderline impossible task, and one that began at the Senior Bowl, continues into the Combine and will eventually make pit stops at dozens of pro days before being placed together with other analysis before a team creates its final draft board.
Will round off breaks and is segmented when running intermediate in and out routes. - ESPN
Brown's ascension as a player is atypical. Odds are excellent there will be a sixth round pick in this year's draft who doesn't ever play a down in the NFL. The flaws pointed out by scouts, including the ones listed above, are fair. The question scouts and general managers ask after coming to their conclusions on their abilities today is whether they can iron them out of the player tomorrow.
The real mind-blower in all of this is, as funny as these evaluations seem now, they were all correct. Nothing is wrong with them. What isn't known is the level of drive a player has to work on those aspects. The Steelers selected Brown with the 195th overall pick in the 2010 NFL Draft.
Whatever scouts said about him before the draft stand a ways behind what was said about him two years after he was drafted.
We liked his potential. You could see talent...the first season when he practiced, you'd see a ball in the air and he'd be coming down with it against our starting defense. It just seemed like he kept making plays...It's exciting for us and I know it's exciting for Antonio because he's one of our hardest workers and he's never going to be satisfied. - Steelers GM Kevin Colbert in July, 2012, a day after announcing the Steelers signed Brown to a $42 million contract extension.
Share
Hip-hop and house with a big splash of colour.
Instead of a biography on Lone's Discogs page there's a quote from the Warp artist Bibio. "I could spot a Lone track by hearing one or two bars," he says. This was written around the time of Lemurian, Matt Cutler's first album as Lone, but it's just as true today. Put simply, Cutler's music has always been upbeat. He started out making hip-hop on labels like Dealmaker and Werk Discs, and then later moved to a rave-influenced house sound—the rhythms have evolved, but his impossibly vibrant melodic palette has loosely stayed the same. On his standout tracks like "Once In A While," "Pineapple Crush," "Lying In The Reeds" and last year's "Airglow Fires," he took early UK dance music's most sun-drenched tropes and shot them through a modern lens. The ever on-point R&S Records took note, and in 2012 they released Galaxy Garden, Cutler's fourth album. This week its follow-up, Reality Testing, dropped through R&S, and it sees Cutler unite the old with the new: the record is a blend of house and hip-hop that's bound by Cutler's singular sense of nostalgia.
If you pick up the album (which we of course recommend) be sure to check RA.420 before hitting play. The mix spotlights the influences that fuelled Reality Testing, which means a humid hip-hop first half, and then smooth upswing into a house-led second part.
What have you been up to recently?
Finished the record and have just been out DJing and working on a live show with Konx-om-Pax.
How and where was the mix recorded?
I recorded the mix at my little studio in my flat. Basically I recorded a few takes and went through endless tracklists but got there in the end
Can you tell us the idea behind the mix?
The idea was to kind of showcase the influences behind my new record—the hip-hop tunes I was listening to for the first half, and a more upbeat second half, so a bunch of house tunes I've been loving over the last year or so.
As someone who produces both dance music and hip-hop, would you agree that the lines between the scenes have been blurring in recent years?
I think there's always been a connection with certain house and hip-hop tunes, or any electronic music for that matter. I'm always drawn to any form of electronic music that has the rawness of hip-hop production.
You mentioned that you sometimes left a mic running in the studio while producing the album—what sort of recordings made it onto the record?
A lot of me tidying my studio or making ridiculous noises that I could later mess with and make use of. There's definitely the sound of me making a cup of tea on one tune.
What are you up to next?
Touring the record basically—doing my live show and DJing loads. Gonna set up a new studio very soon as well so I can begin to think about my next release.
At 24, David Warren is no stranger to Baltimore's criminal justice system. Starting when he was 14, he was charged five times with attempted murder, and all five times the charges were dropped.
This week, he went to trial on five more attempted-murder charges as well as 29 other counts — all stemming from a quintuple shooting at a Memorial Day cookout in North Baltimore last year. Friday, a jury decided he was not guilty of any of it.
Police Commissioner Kevin Davis had called Warren a "trigger puller ... who should absolutely not be on the streets of Baltimore." Warren's attorney, Stephen Patrick Beatty, said Friday it was unfair to hold the past cases against his client.
"What happens is a person gets wrongfully accused, and he ends up on the radar of police, and he stays on the radar even when it's a case they can't make," Beatty said. "Anytime something happens, he's someone who they come looking for."
The state's latest case relied on just one witness, a 61-year-old woman who was handing food to her husband to grill in front of their home in the Pen Lucy area when she said a vehicle pulled up and a gunman opened fire. The woman testified that she was familiar with Warren and had identified him from a photo lineup as the shooter.
Baltimore Police / HANDOUT David Warren was acquitted Friday of five counts of attempted first-degree murder. David Warren was acquitted Friday of five counts of attempted first-degree murder. (Baltimore Police / HANDOUT) (Baltimore Police / HANDOUT)
Assistant State's Attorney Linda Ramirez told jurors the witness was brave to testify against Warren and her identification was enough to convict him.
"This is Baltimore City in 2017," Ramirez said. "Police tried to find other witnesses, and no one would say anything or could say anything. ... That's how the criminal justice system works. It sometimes has to rely on one single witness."
Beatty countered that the witness' testimony was too shaky and not supported by any other evidence. He said prosecutors presented hours of generic testimony, none of which pointed to Warren as the shooter.
"This is not a how a responsible police force handles a situation where five people are shot," he said. "The citizens of Baltimore deserve better."
Police spokesman T.J. Smith said the department would not comment on the verdict or its past comments about Warren.
Warren will not be released from jail following his acquittal. Federal prosecutors indicted him on gun charges last August, which are pending, according to court records.
Warren has been charged several times in recent years with serious crimes, mostly avoiding serious time.
In 2006, he faced attempted-murder and gun charges, which were dropped. Three years later, attempted first-degree murder and robbery, burglary and assault charges were dropped. In 2010, he was charged a third time with attempted first-degree murder, with the same result.
Then in 2012, he was charged with being part of a conspiracy of murder and retaliatory violence by an East Baltimore drug gang. Those charges were also dropped.
Warren pleaded guilty in 2013 to armed robbery from 2011 and received 15 years, with all but five years suspended. It's unclear how much of that sentenced he served.
In 2015, he was charged with firearms counts and with conspiracy to distribute drugs related to a raid on the East Baltimore Safe Streets anti-violence program. Those charges were dropped last year.
"It's up to the state to dismiss a case, and I have faith that they wouldn't do that if they had a case that they could make," Beatty said. "To hold that against my client I don't think is fair at all."
When Warren was arrested May 31 for the cookout shooting, police said he tried to flee and discarded two loaded .40-caliber pistols. He has been indicted in U.S. District Court on those gun charges, which are pending.
Ramirez told jurors that she didn't know a motive for the cookout shooting, or have video or physical evidence that links Warren to the crime.
"We don't manufacture evidence," Ramirez told jurors. "We follow where it leads us, and in this case ... the trail, while not wide or particularly long" points to Warren, she said.
The state's key witness was Jenice Barksdale. She disappeared from the courthouse just before she was to take the witness stand Thursday, causing sheriff's deputies to scour surveillance camera footage to make sure she had not been harmed.
After being located, Barksdale, wearing green flip-flops, slowly walked to the witness stand. Asked whether she recognized the gunman, she paused. "Yeah," she said.
"Do you see that person in the courtroom?" Ramirez asked.
"[The shooter] was littler than him," she said at first, referring to Warren.
Ramirez continued asking Barksdale to identify Warren, causing Beatty to object. Chief Judge Alfred Nance allowed Ramirez to continue, and Barksdale eventually raised her finger and pointed to Warren.
"The state was able to bring her around to what the state, in order to prove their case, hoped she would say," Beatty told jurors. "That alone is reasonable doubt."
Ramirez said Barksdale was "scared out of her mind" to testify but "knew she had to tell the truth."
In her interview with police and in her testimony Thursday, Barksdale said the gunman had pulled up in a light blue minivan with a sliding door. Surveillance camera footage showed a dark-colored SUV.
Beatty said it was no mere mistake, but a detailed and incorrect description.
City Councilman Brandon Scott, chairman of the council's Public Safety Committee, said the ability to put career criminals behind bars relies on a spectrum of people and institutions to do their job — from the council and mayor to witnesses, the Police Department, prosecutors and the judicial system. Improvement is needed on every level, Scott said.
"It just can't be a 61-year-old woman stepping up," Scott said. "It has to be men, young men, who know what happened and won't say something. You can't let someone's grandmother be the only voice. I totally get people's fear and hesitance. That fear allows these people to continuously commit these crimes and leads to neighborhoods where people fear to go outside."
Councilman Bill Henry, who represents the area where the Memorial Day shooting occurred, said he wanted to know more about the case before drawing conclusions.
"I am disappointed, understandably so, if the police believe they had found the people responsible for the crime and that case couldn't be made in court," Henry said.
Melba Saunders, spokeswoman for the city state's attorney's office, said: "While today's verdict was not our desired outcome, we will continue to respect the judicial process and support the victims of this atrocious act as they attempt to heal."
By Jake Donovan
His hands once again feeling 100% healthy, Felix Verdejo hopes to remain as active as possible in 2016. As any promoter should do, Top Rank will make its greatest efforts to meet the demands of one of its young rising stars.
“In a perfect world, I would love to fight four or five times this year,” Verdejo (19-0, 14KOs) told BoxingScene.com in promoting his February 27th showdown versus unbeaten Brazilian lightweight William Silva at Madison Square Garden Theatre in New York City. “Really, it's up to my team, up to Top Rank for what plans they have in store for me, but now that I'm healthy I want to fight as often as I can before challenging for a world title.”
The challenge has apparently been accepted. Top Rank is already mapping out an aggressive 1st half schedule that – should it hold up – will further establish the humble 22-year old boxer as Puerto Rico's next boxing superstar, with his native island and New York City hosting a combined three fights from now through mid-June.
Verdejo is identified by Top Rank founder and Hall of Fame promoter Bob Arum as among the young rising stars his company looks to establish as championship-level talent in 2016. Having represented Puerto Rico in the 2012 London Olympics, he is one of three boxers whom Top Rank signed at roughly the same time, a list that includes Oscar Valdez (Mexico) and Jose Ramirez (United States).
Valdez and Ramirez will both return on April 9, appearing on the undercard of the third fight between Manny Pacquiao and Timothy Bradley at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
“The only reason Verdejo isn't on that card is because we have separate – perhaps bigger – plans for him,” Arum informed BoxingScene.com. “First up, he returns to Madison Square Garden (Theatre) in February. From there, we plan to bring him back to Puerto Rico in April – that's why he's not on the Pacquiao-Bradley card.
“Assuming all goes well – he keeps winning, his hands stay healthy, etc. – we will bring him back to Madison Square Garden in June, where he will once again headline on the eve of the Puerto Rican Day Parade like he did last year.”
The June date would mark the third year in a row that Verdejo will fight on Madison Square Garden property on the Boricua-themed weekend.
“I really enjoyed fighting here last June and participating in the Puerto Rican Day parade again,” Verdejo recalled of the festivities, including his riding as the star attraction on the Top Rank float. “I hope I can fight again (on the same weekend) at Madison Square Garden this year.”
His first appearance came in June '14, coming off TV on the undercard of Miguel Cotto's historic middleweight championship winning effort over Sergio Martinez in the main room at MSG.
One year later, the rising prospect became a contender following a dominant 10-round win over Ivan Najera in MSG Theatre. The event marked his HBO debut, scoring two knockdowns en route to a dominant victory in his co-feature slot. Despite not headlining the show, Verdejo was clearly the star attraction as most of the crowd began to file out before and during Nicholas Walters' 12-round victory over Miguel Marriaga in the evening's main event.
The night established Verdejo's star power, but also nearly ruined his career. The proud boxer went into the bout with a badly damaged left hand, but hid the injury than withdraw and run the risk of disappointing his dedicated fan base.
It came at a price however, as the injury resurfaced just one week prior to a planned Halloween headliner in Kissimmee, Florida. Not taking any chances, his team made the command decision to pull him from the show, although he remained in town throughout fight week and was present for a meet and greet on fight night prior to the show's opening bell.
The additional rest served his hand well, as he resurfaced in mid-December at home in San Juan, Puerto Rico. A 2nd round blitzing of Brazil's Josenilson dos Santos was perhaps expected, but the confidence builder that was sought was not in the opposition choice but whether or not his hands could hold up in real time.
An emphatic “yes” came back in return and now the young boxer is ready to make up for lost time, with what will be four fights in the span of six months according to the present blueprint.
First up is his challenge versus Silva (23-0, 14KOs), who at 6'1” is freakishly tall for a lightweight. Perhaps more challenging than the physical and style matchup is getting Boricuas to come out and support him during usually cold weather in New York City.
“My fans support me wherever I go,” Verdejo comments through mild laughter. “I know it's cold (in New York during the winter) but I'm confident that my fans will come out in full force once again.
“This is going to be a very big year for me. I took the injury in stride. Now it's behind me and we can focus on building towards fighting for a world title.”
Jake Donovan is the managing editor of BoxingScene.com. Twitter: @JakeNDaBox
Ten Deserving Deep Learning Papers that were Rejected at ICLR 2017
Carlos E. Perez Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 8, 2017
I first wrote about the deluge of papers that were submitted to ICLR 2017. The paper I described “Rethinking Generalization”. Very curious to note that the papers described in my posts just happened to mysteriously jump to the top of the list: http://prlz77.github.io/iclr2017-stats/ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
Now that the list has be culled down to a few “deserving” submissions, I will take this opportunity to highlight some excellent papers that for one reason or another did not make the cut. There's a lot of subjectivity that goes on in judging papers and a lot of times it is dependent on the present world view of its reviewers. In the cut-throat research environment, not every research can make the cut. That's just the unfortunate reality. However, I would like to take this opportunity to mention some good papers that deserve to make the cut.
A Joint Many-Task Model: Growing a Neural Network for Multiple NLP Tasks by Kazuma Hashimoto, Caiming Xiong, Yoshimasa Tsuruoka, Richard Socher. One of the really novel papers out there that show how to incrementally grow a neural network. Absolutely shocking that this paper was rejected. The reason why this paper is important is that it shows how a network can grow through the use of transfer learning and domain adaptation. There are not many papers that explore this area.
Hierarchical Memory Networks by Sarath Chandar, Sungjin Ahn, Hugo Larochelle, Pascal Vincent, Gerald Tesauro, Yoshua Bengio. Another NLP paper, very surprising that this gets rejected consider the all-star author list. This is one of the first papers out there that explores the notion of a hierarchy of memory. Most memory augmented networks tend to have flat memory structures. The paper should not have been dismissed so lightly.
RL²: Fast Reinforcement Learning via Slow Reinforcement Learning by Yan Duan, John Schulman, Xi Chen, Peter L. Bartlett, Ilya Sutskever, Pieter Abbeel. The reviewers must be smoking something to not be convinced that this is groundbreaking research! I guess they were not impressed with the “RL²” naming convention. Anything about meta-learning should be selling like hotcakes, yet this paper, despite having prominent authors, gets slammed. Unimaginable!
Demystifying ResNet by Sihan Li, Jiantao Jiao, Yanjun Han, Tsachy Weissman. I liked this paper because it gave some insightful rules of thumb on how to make use of residual or skip connections. 2016's hottest innovation, and some folks make an attempt at deconstructing the technique, yet get slammed for their efforts. One complaint was that simplified models were used in this study. This complaint of course is absurd, of course you want to use simplified models to characterize an otherwise complex system.
A Neural Knowledge Language Model by Sungjin Ahn, Heeyoul Choi, Tanel Parnamaa, Yoshua Bengio. Yet another NLP paper that gets rejected. Fusing knowledge bases with Deep Learning should be a very big thing, yet this paper gets dismissed for lack of novelty. The main complaint was the writing style, which is just unfortunate.
Knowledge Adaptation: Teaching to Adapt by Sebastian Ruder, Parsa Ghaffari, John G. Breslin. I did not notice this paper until I made a second pass through the rejection list. I'm a bit biased here in that I'm always seeking out work on Domain Adaptation and Transfer Learning. This paper has some very nice ideas. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to make the cut of the esteemed reviewers.
Tensorial Mixture Models by Or Sharir, Ronen Tamari, Nadav Cohen, Amnon Shashua. I'm a big fan of this paper, see “Holographic Models”. Unfortunately, the skepticism of the reviewers were too high to overcome.
On the Expressive Power of Deep Neural Networks by Maithra Raghu, Ben Poole, Jon Kleinberg, Surya Ganguli, Jascha Sohl-Dickstein. Research is really going to the dogs if fundamental theoretical and experimental papers like this get tossed aside in favor of the usual alchemy that stands in for “Deep Learning research”.
Eigenvalues of the Hessian in Deep Learning: Singularity and Beyond by Levent Sagun, Leon Bottou, Yann LeCun. Wow, an egg-in-the-face for these prominent authors. I guess fundamental experimental data just isn't sexy enough to make the cut. The comment was, “interesting empirical data, but no theory”. Talk about being completely unrealistic expectations.
An Empirical Analysis of Deep Network Loss Surfaces by Daniel Jiwoong Im, Michael Tao, Kristin Branson. This is a shocker in that I mentioned it in my Rethinking Generalization post about additional evidence about the SGD being an implicit regularization. What I had failed to do in that post was place a hyper-link to the paper. But it is indeed surprising that researchers who have dug up some very impressive data are left with nothing but the humiliation of a rejected paper.
Research that boldly tries to improve our understanding and experience should not be penalized because of writing style or not having exhaustively enough data. At the bleeding edge, having the kinds of data and experiments are more difficult to come by. I see one of the problems of research that's novel and innovative is that it's unfamiliar to the reviewers. This unfamiliarity demands the paper live up to higher standards, and unfortunately due to the newness of the approach, the authors are unable to deliver in a timely manner.
There's just too little credit given to research work that perform experimental studies on the nature of Deep Learning. In these situations, it comes with the territory that simplified models are used so as to be able to perform tractable analysis. However, one should not always expect a strong theoretical result, rather the experimental results in themselves are valuable enough in that they give a characterization of how these machines behave. In the absence of this kind of research, we will be mostly in the dark with our alchemy.
In the end though, there's a lot of subjectivity involved in determining the merits of a research paper. It is too easy to forget that there was a time in the recent past that papers on Convolution Networks were very commonly rejected in Computer Vision conferences. See Yann LeCun (in 2012):
This followed a long string of rejected paper about convolutional nets. Given this negative bias, I decided to no longer send convnet-based papers to CVPR, because it's was a complete waste of time, energy, and good will.
One major concern is that the current research environment is going to get a lot worse for Deep Learning researchers. The field is moving too rapidly and it is very easy to find reviewers who have a world view that isn't current with the latest research. So you really end up with reviews that criticize style versus substance. The number of good papers that have been rejected is a reflection of thisknowledge (or perhaps cultural) gap.
P.S. LipNet: End-to-End Sentence-level Lipreading is one other paper that had received a lot of heat for its rejection. I'm unfortunately not in a position to jump into that fracas considering it's not a domain that I'm familiar enough with.
Update: Andrej Karpathy has run some analysis based on statistics gathered from his Arxiv-Sanity site: “ICLR 2017 vs arxiv-sanity”. I checked his numbers and it is appears that Arxiv-sanity popular numbers are skewed towards implementation ideas (crazy ideas are more popular) and not fundamental research. The last 7 papers, don't reach the Arxiv-sanity popularity cutoffs.
.
LONDON, Nov 16 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - When Cynthia Maung saw the suffering of fellow refugees who had fled Myanmar's crackdown on a pro-democracy uprising in the late 1980s and sought sanctuary in neighbouring Thailand, she knew she had to do something about it.
Maung, a doctor, decided to rally other medical professionals in the refugee camps in northwestern Thailand to help her open a clinic in the border town of Mae Sot.
Starting in 1988 with only four beds, the clinic has developed into a fully-fledged health facility providing inpatient services, surgery and trauma care, dental care, vaccinations and HIV prevention.
It treats more than 75,000 patients a year.
“The number of patients that arrive at the clinic each year is on the rise,” said Maung, who received an international award on Wednesday in recognition of her humanitarian work.
“We also train health workers and provide outreach services for patients who require access to medical attention closer to their communities,” she told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
“But the biggest challenge we face is in dealing with the trauma suffered by the displaced and their concerns about food, health care and job insecurities,” Maung said before she was due to receive the AidEx Humanitarian Hero of the Year Award in Brussels.
Maung, from the Karen ethnic group, said she was concerned about a military crackdown in western Myanmar which has forced hundreds of Rohingya Muslims to flee to Bangladesh, trying to escape violence that has brought the number of dead confirmed by the army to more than 130.
Some of the Rohingya were gunned down as they tried to cross the Naaf river that separates Myanmar and Bangladesh, while others arriving by boat were pushed away by Bangladeshi border guards and may be stranded at sea, residents said.
The bloodshed is the most serious since hundreds were killed in communal clashes in the western Myanmar state of Rakhine in 2012. It has exposed the lack of oversight of the military by the seven-month-old administration of Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi.
“Fighting along the borders is still going on. That has left thousands of people displaced as a result and there hasn't been much improvement in regions still controlled by the military,” Maung said.
“... those especially from ethnic minorities remain very anxious about their future. They want to see if the government in Burma will be all inclusive.”
Mae Sot in Thailand is home to thousands of refugees from Myanmar who have fled conflict and violence, as well as tens of thousands of migrant workers, many of whom are in low-skilled, backbreaking jobs.
"As long as there is a need for us to be here and there are refugees and migrant workers that need protection, medical care and support, we will continue to be here and do what we do," Maung said. (Editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories)
Dec 30, 2015; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Pittsburgh Penguins right wing Phil Kessel (81) looks to take a shot as Toronto Maple Leafs goalie Jonathan Bernier (45) and Martin Marincin (52) defend during the second period of an NHL hockey game at Consol Energy Center. Mandatory Credit: Don Wright-USA TODAY Sports
The focus on Toronto Maple Leafs defender Martin Marincin is a fictional negative impact that he allegedly has on the team, but he does struggle to produce individual score-sheet offense.
The actual impact on the Toronto Maple Leafs blueline that Marincin has is far, far away from the perceived negativity that plague the internet.
Martin Marincin is a good 4-6 defender in the National Hockey League and since the number of defenders dressed doesn't stop at three, you need those players.
Marincin's biggest downfall is his lack of concrete offensive contributions to the team on the score-sheet.
The Toronto Maple Leafs defender has good shot generation, but rarely does anything come from the shot attempts.
In fact, Marincin actually had a higher 5v5 iCF/60 (individual corsi-for per 60) than Jake Gardiner, but Marincin also had only 29.48% of is iCF hit the net to Jake's 38.49%.
In addition to having a successful thoroughfare rate nearly 10% less than Gardiner, Marincin also held an average shot distance of six feet farther out than Gardiner. Those extra six feet likely contribute something to his 1.96% iSH% at 5v5.
Now I'm not saying that Marincin is capable of being as offensive as Jake Gardiner can be, but it's hard not to wonder what his total may look like if he took an extra stride or two and got the puck to the net an extra 9% of the time.
Increased opportunity would likely lead to increased success, but at what significance is the unknown.
While Marincin's biggest asset is his shot suppression in a third pairing role, it wouldn't hurt to see him move a little bit closer in the offensive zone before letting the puck leave his stick in the direction of the net.
Maybe it makes no difference in his personal statistics, but maybe the shot does get through and it generates more zone time which may lead to the scoreboard moving one tick higher in the Toronto Maple Leafs direction.
Hey friends! I found this t-shirt that Abed wore in Basic RV and Palmistry! It's The Archer tee and it's available from Threadless. Exact: Threadless $19.95 Side note: The jacket Abed is wearing was from Nordstrom, but is no longer available.
Aaaaaaand We're Back ….. yeah so I've been away for a while. I can't believe I started this blog in 2012. It's been so long. Community has ended, but this show has influenced my life in some pretty major ways. I'm sure no one follows this blog anymore, but if you have any requests please let me know (I answer my messages privately and it's best to message me non-anonymously). Thank you to all of the people that followed, liked, reblogged, etc. I loved loved loved running this blog and finding the online Community community. I'm am extremely grateful for every one who's supported me. >>
Gillian steals clothes from the set pt.2! (pt.1)
Abed wears the House Brawl tee from Threadless in Basic Story. He is also wearing the Threads for Thought Trim Fit French Terry Hoodie from Nordstrom. Exact: Threadless $12.95 Nordstrom $59 (Gif credit goes to newfluffytown)
Jeff wears the Michael Bastian Plaid Flannel Shirt in Basic Story. It can be purchased from Barneys Warehouse. The alternative is from Urban Outfitters. Exact: Barneys Warehouse $139 Alternative: Urban Outfitters $54 (Gif credit goes to newfluffytown)
Abed wears the A Writers Ink tee and Colorblocked Cardigan in VCR Maintenance and Educational Publishing! The t-shirt can be purchsed from Threadless and the cardigan is available at Barneys Warehouse. Exact: Threadless $9.95 Barneys Warehouse $69 Side note: My giveaway is still open! Details here.
Annie looks dean-lighted in Introduction to Teaching. She is wearing the Theory Sellida Silk Blouse. It can purchase from Revolve Clothing. Exact: Revolve Clothing $151 (Gif credit goes to sowk7)
Duncan is back! He wears the Steven Alan Floral Print Shirt in Basic Story and Basic Sandwich. It's available from Barneys and the alternative is from Urban Outfitters. Exact: Barneys 79 Alternative: Urban Outfitters $49
Annie wears the Zara Quilted Parka in Basic Intergluteal Numismatics! It is no longer available from Zara but is on Ebay. The alternative is from Forever 21. Exact: Ebay $95 Alternative: Forever 21 $27.80
Shirley wears the Charter Club Printed Beaded Tunic in Introduction to Teaching. Both the exact and alternative are available from Macy's. Exact: Macy's $54.99 Alternative: Macy's $19.99 (Gif credit goes to sowk7)
The Ass-Crack Bandit strikes again! Annie wears the Houndstooth Merino Tippi Sweater in Basic Intergluteal Numismatics! Exact: J.Crew $69.99 (Gif credit goes to greendalebeing)
Jeff wears the Burberry Brit Palgrave Puffer Down Coat in Basic Intergluteal Numismatics. It's available from Bloomingdale's. The alternative is from Forever 21. Exact: Bloomingdale's $417 Alternative: Forever 21 $35.80 (Gif credit goes to confidentialityspice)
Britta wears the Bea Light Flannel Plaid Button Down in Introduction to Teaching! It is from Bloomingdales and the alternative is from Forever 21. Exact: Bloomingdales $55.50 Alternative: Forever 21 $19.80 (Gif credit goes to sherralotz)
Sandy Casar (FDJ-BigMat) believes that doping has falsified cycling through the last decade to such an extent that it has been difficult for clean riders to gauge their true value. Related Articles Casar calls for ProTeam licence clarity
Casar helps FDJ-BigMat youngsters
Casar laments missed chances at stage 12 of Giro d'Italia
Casar continues Sánchez duel at Tour de France
Sandy Casar retires
After finishing second at Paris-Nice as a 23-year-old in 2002, Casar was hailed as the next great French prospect for the general classification at the Tour de France. While Casar has enjoyed success in July, including a trio of stage wins, however, his highest overall finish at the Tour was 11th in 2009.
Asked by Ouest France if he had been a champion had there been no doping in the peloton, Casar said that there was no way of knowing.
“We can't know what might have happened in other circumstances. When a whole team is doped, it can control or block a race, it can pull back breakaways,” Casar said. “Maybe I sometimes even benefited from their work without knowing it. In effect, everything was falsified. One of the terrible things about doping is that we don't know who really was good and who wasn't.”
Casar turned professional in 2000, and took his fledging steps in the peloton at the very height of the Lance Armstrong era. Such was the culture of the time, Casar maintains that it was all but impossible for a neo-professional to compete at the highest level.
“Things are much better now, because when riders turn professional, they can win races,” Casar said. “Me, I didn't have that. At the beginning of my career, I simply thought that I wasn't up to it. During my first Flèche Wallonne, I took a real kicking. That evening, my directeur sportif sent me home, telling me that it would have been pointless for me to do Liège-Bastogne-Liège the following Sunday. At that moment, I thought I'd do two years as a pro and then stop. There didn't seem to be anything to be done…”
Casar is critical of the UCI's reaction to Armstrong's doping, as outlined in the USADA reasoned decision on the matter, and is frustrated that cycling's consequent loss of credibility is something that affects all riders.
“What shocked me the most was to discover to what extent Armstrong and his teammates were perhaps protected by the powers that be,” he said. “I find that more serious than the cheating in itself. Frankly, you can see that at the UCI, they did the minimum to try to stop him. Cycling has lost all its credibility. Whether you're honest or not, nobody believes in us anymore.”
Aneta Brodski is an Israeli-born teenager living in Queens, New York. She is passionate and driven and well liked by her high school classmates. Unique among her classmates, Aneta longs to fully participate in the hearing world. MORE
While she is proud of her deafness, she does not want to be defined by it. She longs to be understood by everyone around her in the bustling city. Some of her classmates feel that Deaf culture is — and should be — claimed by a fierce embrace of deaf identity and respect for the unique beauty of its language.
At her school, Aneta joins an extracurricular program to learn American Sign Language poetry. She and her fellow students gradually find their inner voice in the poems they create. Aneta's world opens up as she is tantalized by the possibility of competing in a poetry slam with mostly hearing competitors.
With ties to rap and hip-hop culture, the U.S. National Poetry Slams for youth have gained momentum across the country, highlighting a highly verbal and rhythmic form of self-expression. Aneta is one of the first deaf youth to participate in a major slam event, and despite some initial anxiety about how the deaf performers might be received, she courageously takes the stage.
In a remarkable twist of fate, Aneta meets and then collaborates with Tahani — a hearing Palestinian slam poet. They create a hearing/deaf duet touching on their shared personal and cultural experiences — generating a new form of slam poetry that crosses boundaries, cultures, and languages.
The Filmmaker
Judy Lieff is a filmmaker and teacher. After a career as a professional dancer, she earned an MFA in dance and experimental film/video from the California Institute of the Arts. She began her relationship with the Deaf community through the making of an award winning experimental film Duties of My Heart, featuring Terrylene Sacchetti, one of the poet mentors featured in Deaf Jam. Judy is a six-time grant recipient for dance/media projects including a National Dance/Media fellowship from the Pew Charitable Trusts. LESS
For any teenager, prom is a monumental night, but for students at a Georgia high school, it has been more than 40 years in the making.
For the first time ever, students at Wilcox County High School, in Rochelle, Ga. danced together at a prom that wasn't segregated.
For decades, the school board has avoided officially endorsing prom festivities, instead relying on parents to host and control invitations leading to year after year of two dances - one for white students, and one for the black students.
ABC News
Students have lobbied over the years to end the practice. This year, a group of Wilcox County seniors decided to take matters into their own hands.
RELATED: No More Boundaries: Ga. Teens Fed Up With Segregated Proms
The four girls, two black and two white, created a Facebook page asking for support and donations to fund an independent bash open to all.
"We were doing that so we could get the word out, so that some people would be able to donate and help us out with what we were doing," said senior Mareshia Rucker.
RELATED: Prom Costs Rise 5 Percent to National Average of $1,139
On Saturday night, nearly half of the school's student body came out to the event.
"Hopefully when everything is said and done, people in our county will really realize, that there is no sense in the way things are right now," Rucker told ABC News affiliate WGXA.
Despite this year's groundbreaking integrated dance, once again this year there was a segregated prom attended only by white students.
It wasn't an officially sanctioned event, but a private one organized by white parents.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump can save themselves a visit to Chelsea Handler's talk show, because she won't speak to them — even if the president himself requested an interview.
“No,” Handler responded flatly when asked by Variety at the Sundance Film Festival if she would ever have Trump, or his wife, on her Netflix talk show. “No. Melania? To talk about what? She can barely speak English.”
When asked what she thought of Melania Trump as the First Lady, Handler said she thought “exactly what I think about him as the First Man. Nothing.”
“I don't respect either one of those people,” she added.
Handler took to the streets of Park City, Utah on Saturday, the second day of the Sundance festival, to lead the Women's March on Main, the film festival's equivalent to the main event in Washington, D.C. Celebrities including Charlize Theron, John Legend and Kristen Stewart joined the talk show host in a march to protest Trump's inauguration.
When asked what could be done to keep the movement going, Handler said it was key for young people to get involved in politics.
“Divisiveness is not the answer,” she explained. “And I think to get that message, we have to reach across party lines, forget your party. I'm registering as an Independent. I'm not gonna be a Democrat anymore because it's too divisive. This isn't working, this two-party system.”
When asked what she would say to President Trump if he were at Sundance with her, Handler's response was simple: “F*ck off.”
“F*ck off. I mean, gross,” she said. “He is the grossest. Physically, emotionally, mentally. Those statues they made of him were accurate. I bet you that is what he looks like naked, with a little grape in between his legs.”
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Lobbying spend of Shell, Exxon Mobil and trade groups estimated in transparency effort
By Alex Pashley
Giants of the oil and gas industry spent millions of dollars last year to manipulate lawmakers and public discourse on climate change, an NGO claimed on Thursday.
Exxon, Shell and three trade associations spent US$114 million, according to data compiled by London-based non-profit organisation Influence Map.
Lobby group the American Petroleum Institute spent the most at $65 million, followed by Exxon Mobil on $27m and Shell on $22m last year.
Two smaller trade groups, the Western States Petroleum Association (WSPA) and the Australian Petroleum Production and Exploration Association totalled about $9m.
In the first estimate of its kind, Influence Map analysed tax records and lobbying registers to estimate total spending. They then assessed the extent geared towards climate legislation.
Finally, they graded the players on their supportiveness of climate action, with Shell getting a D-, Exxon E- and API an F.
It comes as investors are calling for increased disclosure on where their funds are headed. Exxon is under investigation over claims it misled investors on the evidence for human-caused climate change.
While more and more investor groups are spending money on pro-climate advocacy, Influence Map estimates the amount is much smaller, at less than $5 million a year.
Downtown Daytona Beach merchants gearing up for the holidays have a more divisive issue on their hands: Parking meters.
Right now, shoppers along Beach Street can park for free. But an idea to install parking meters came up during a downtown redevelopment board meeting in November, according to city spokeswoman Susan Cerbone.
Not everyone is in favor of the meters.
"I would rather be someplace where it's free, especially if the merchant would like my business," said Karen Reardon of Palm Bay, while doing some holiday shopping in Daytona Beach. "Why would I come and spend more money?"
Magic Shop co-owner Harry Allen agrees. He said if parking meters appear, customers will disappear.
"There are a lot of choices out there now a days with mail order and other malls and strip centers," Allen said. "They don't have to pay to park. The trick is to make it easier for people to come shop with you, not more difficult."
On the other hand, there are merchants who think the meters are a good idea. Some customers take up parking spots stay in that spot longer than the two-hour parking limit, they say.
"They park here and they go across the street all day, and it takes up a spot for three or four hours right in front of my location that it could be my customer or it could be a customer on Beach Street," said Greg Sheridan, co-owner of Wine Me.
In addition to parking meters, Daytona Beach officials are also considering a parking garage and shuttles, Cerbone said. The redevelopment board should have a recommendation by February, she said.
Microsoft quietly added an anti-cheat game feature to Windows 10
Microsoft started rolling out the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update to PCs earlier this week, complete with features like Windows Mixed Reality and people integration for the taskbar. While most of the new additions are obvious, Microsoft quietly added an anti-cheat feature for games.
The software giant first revealed the feature in a Windows 10 Insider build back in July, promising to share more information. VG247 reports that Microsoft is now documenting its new “TruePlay” anti-cheat feature, and it's designed for game developers to combat activity like aimbots or wallhacks.
Limited to UWP games for now
It appears to be similar to Valve's own anti-cheating software (VAC), and the system collects data within games and generates alerts when there's something out of the ordinary. Developers will receive the information if TruePlay determines there's something particularly nefarious going on. TruePlay is disabled by default at the moment in the gaming settings for Windows 10, but Microsoft is starting to make the API available to developers.
Developers will be able to use TruePlay in their Microsoft Store games, so this is limited to Universal Windows Platform (UWP) games for now. There aren't many of those in the Microsoft Store just yet outside of Forza, Cuphead, and other Microsoft Studios games, but Microsoft has been trying to tempt developers to adopt its Xbox Play Anywhere system to offer the same game across Xbox One and Windows 10. This might be a useful feature in the future, but as it's limited to UWP it doesn't really address the games that people are actually cheating in today.
WikiLeaks on Friday began publishing more than half a million top-secret documents from Saudi Arabia's Foreign Ministry, including communications from Saudi embassies across the globe, information from other state institutions, and correspondence with foreign entities.
While analysts have not yet pored through the documents, the files are poised to expose the Saudi government, whose atrocious human rights record is being put on display with its ongoing bombing and blockade of Yemen. They could also shed light on the relationships between Saudi Arabia and its close allies throughout the region and world, including the United States.
WikiLeaks said that the massive trove of cables will be published in bunches of tens of thousands over the next few weeks. As of Friday, at least 61,205 documents had been published, with more troves expected in coming days. The cables are being hosted on an online database and can be searched here.
We Interrupt This Article with an Urgent Message! Common Dreams is a not-for-profit news service. All of our content is free to you - no subscriptions; no ads. We are funded by donations from our readers. SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Our critical Mid-Year fundraiser is going very slowly - only 779 readers have contributed so far. We must meet our goal before we can end this fundraising campaign and get back to focusing on what we do best.
If you support Common Dreams and you want us to survive, we need you now.
Please make a tax-deductible gift to our Mid-Year Fundraiser now!
"The Saudi Cables lift the lid on a increasingly erratic and secretive dictatorship that has not only celebrated its 100th beheading this year, but which has also become a menace to its neighbors and itself," said Julian Assange of WikiLeaks in a press statement.
As for where the files came from, the famed publisher of government and corporate secrets said:
Since late March 2015 the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been involved in a war in neighboring Yemen. The Saudi Foreign Ministry in May 2015 admitted to a breach of its computer networks. Responsibility for the breach was attributed to a group calling itself the Yemeni Cyber Army. The group subsequently released a number of valuable "sample" document sets from the breach on file-sharing sites, which then fell under censorship attacks. The full WikiLeaks trove comprises thousands of times the number of documents and includes hundreds of thousands of pages of scanned images of Arabic text. In a major journalistic research effort, WikiLeaks has extracted the text from these images and placed them into our searchable database. The trove also includes tens of thousands of text files and spreadsheets as well as email messages, which have been made searchable through the WikiLeaks search engine.
Responses to and commentary on the cables are being posted to Twitter: #saudicables Tweets
This article is about the specific phobia. For other uses, see Arachnophobia (disambiguation)
Arachnophobia is the unreasonable fear of spiders and other arachnids such as scorpions.[3]
Treatment is typically by exposure therapy, where the person is presented with pictures of spiders or the spiders themselves.[2]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
People with arachnophobia tend to feel uneasy in any area they believe could harbor spiders or that has visible signs of their presence, such as webs. If arachnophobes see a spider, they may not enter the general vicinity until they have overcome the panic attack that is often associated with their phobia. Some people scream, cry, have emotional outbursts, experience trouble breathing, sweat, have increased heart rates, or even faint when they come in contact with an area near spiders or their webs. In some extreme cases, even a picture or a realistic drawing of a spider can trigger intense fear.
Reasons [ edit ]
Arachnophobia may be an exaggerated form of an instinctive response that helped early humans to survive,[4] or a cultural phenomenon that is most common in predominantly European societies.[5]
Evolutionary [ edit ]
An evolutionary reason for the phobia remains unresolved. One view, especially held in evolutionary psychology, is that the presence of venomous spiders led to the evolution of a fear of spiders, or made acquisition of a fear of spiders especially easy. Like all traits, there is variability in the intensity of fear of spiders, and those with more intense fears are classified as phobic. Being relatively small, spiders do not fit the usual criterion for a threat in the animal kingdom where size is a factor, but they can have medically significant venom.[citation needed] However, a phobia is an irrational fear as opposed to a rational fear.[6]
By ensuring that their surroundings were free from spiders, arachnophobes would have had a reduced risk of being bitten in ancestral environments, giving them a slight advantage over non-arachnophobes in terms of survival. However, having a disproportionate fear of spiders in comparison to other, potentially dangerous creatures[7] present during Homo sapiens' environment of evolutionary adaptiveness may have had drawbacks.[citation needed]
A 2001 study found that people could detect images of spiders among images of flowers and mushrooms more quickly than they could detect images of flowers or mushrooms among images of spiders. The researchers suggested that this was because fast response to spiders was more relevant to human evolution.[8]
Cultural [ edit ]
Though many arachnids are harmless, a person with arachnophobia may still panic or feel uneasy around one. Sometimes, even an object resembling a spider can trigger a panic attack in an arachnophobia individual. The above cartoon is a depiction of the nursery rhyme " Little Miss Muffet ," in which the title character is "frightened away" by a spider.
The alternative view is that the dangers, such as from spiders, are overrated and not sufficient to influence evolution.[attribution needed] Instead, inheriting phobias would have restrictive and debilitating effects upon survival, rather than being an aid. For some communities such as in Papua New Guinea and Cambodia spiders are included in traditional foods. This suggests arachnophobia may be a cultural, rather than genetic trait.[9][10]
Treatments [ edit ]
The fear of spiders can be treated by any of the general techniques suggested for specific phobias. The first line of treatment is systematic desensitization – also known as exposure therapy.[2] Before engaging in systematic desensitization, it is common to train the individual with arachnophobia in relaxation techniques, which will help keep the patient calm. Systematic desensitization can be done in vivo (with live spiders) or by getting the individual to imagine situations involving spiders, then modelling interaction with spiders for the person affected and eventually interacting with real spiders. This technique can be effective in just one session.[11]
Recent advances in technology have enabled the use of virtual or augmented reality spiders for use in therapy. These techniques have proven to be effective.[12][13]
Epidemiology [ edit ]
Arachnophobia affects 3.5 to 6.1 percent of the global population.[14]
See also [ edit ]
Image copyright AP Image caption Rex Tillerson has been chairman of Exxon Mobil since 2006
Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson has met President-elect Donald Trump amid growing speculation that he is being considered for US secretary of state.
NBC News quotes sources close to Mr Trump as saying that Mr Tillerson is likely to be named next week.
Former UN ambassador John Bolton will serve as his deputy, NBC adds.
The news comes as Mr Trump's team challenged the accuracy of intelligence reports that Russia intervened to boost his election prospects.
Veteran Republican Mitt Romney is among others who have also also been linked to the role of secretary of state.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani withdrew himself from consideration for the post last week. Mr Giuliani's foreign business dealings had raised questions over his suitability.
Mr Tillerson, 64, has extensive experience in international negotiations and a business relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He has been a critic of the international sanctions against Russia for annexing Crimea.
Under scrutiny: Analysis by Barbara Plett Usher, BBC News, Washington
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mr Tillerson (L) meeting Mr Putin (R) in Russia in June 2012
This is the latest twist in Donald Trump's weeks-long search for a top diplomat: he has been considering close to a dozen candidates with significantly different views and backgrounds.
Transition officials say he has finally settled on Rex Tillerson although there has been no official announcement.
The long-time oil executive does not have any diplomatic experience but he has done business with many foreign governments, including in Russia where he has developed a good relationship with President Vladimir Putin.
That is one reason his nomination would be closely scrutinised by lawmakers - especially in the wake of intelligence assessments that Russian hackers acted covertly to promote Mr Trump's campaign.
Meanwhile, Mr Trump's presidential transition team took issue with CIA assessments that said Russia had attempted to assist Mr Trump during the November election by releasing hacked emails harmful to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
In a statement, the transition team said the officials making the assessment were "the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction".
And spokesman Sean Spicer said there were "people within these agencies who are upset with the outcome of the election".
Jerry and me: A decade of correspondence with J.D. Salinger
In an exchange of some 40 letters from 1966 to 1976, plus a visit, C.C. Smith got to know the famously reclusive writer as just plain 'Jerry.' Nice guy. No phony.
In 1966, when I was a girl of 15 growing up in Central Pennsylvania, I wrote a letter to J.D. "Jerry" Salinger. It began a correspondence and friendship between us that spanned in all about 10 years. In 1970, my junior year in college, I visited him for about five days at his home in New Hampshire.
Until now, I never disclosed my relationship with Jerry Salinger except to family and some close friends. Jerry was distressed by the attention that celebrity thrust upon him, and I respected his desire for privacy. Also, I didn't welcome the attention myself. How and when do you ever so casually mention that you know J.D. Salinger without coming across as a name-dropper eager to impress?
With Jerry's death last month, I feel a little differently. In the words of his character Holden Caulfield, "Just because somebody's dead, you don't just stop liking them ..."
I'd like to clear up a few things right from the start:
 Jerry and I were strictly friends, so if you are someone with "gusto for the lurid" (a memorable phrase from his "Seymour: an Introduction"), you've come to the wrong place.
 I am today, and was as a kid, just another "amateur reader still left in the world ... who ... reads and runs" (as Jerry wrote in that book's preface). I'm not an author, intellectual or literary critic. I don't know what Holden Caulfield's red hunting hat symbolizes and can't help you with your thesis on the topic of Salinger's legacy in the canon of postwar American literature. Fortunately, none of that has ever been an impediment to my immense enjoyment of his work.
I grew up in a family of serious card-carrying library patrons with a houseful of books shelved and stacked everywhere. My parents never censored my reading. The first of Jerry's work I read were the co-published novellas "Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters" and "Seymour: an Introduction," which I read aloud in installments over a few weeks to my mother while she took her evening bath. (In my family, just about any setting was conducive to reading.)
I was simply stunned. Jerry broke all the rules about fiction I had inferred up to that point and, in just two short works, detonated my preconceptions about the boundaries of imagination and creativity. No fiction I had read before made me feel so simultaneously entertained, provoked and inspired. I realize how hyperbolic this sounds, but, seriously, I was never the same person afterward.
In time, I got around to reading "The Catcher in the Rye." Although the protagonist, Holden Caulfield, took his rightful place in my personal pantheon, it was primarily Jerry's "prose home movie[s]" about the fictional Glass family I fell in love with. I knew the layout of the New York apartment the Glass brothers, Buddy and Seymour, shared. I actually looked up the recipe for a Tom Collins in a bartender's guide just to have a better idea what the characters were drinking in the aftermath of Seymour Glass' aborted wedding. I obsessively read as many of the references in Jerry's stories as I could lay my hands on.
If still among the living, the librarian at my small-town public library in Huntingdon County surely remembers the odd, lanky girl who asked for assistance in locating R.H. Blyth's translations of haiku and anything at all by Swami Vivekananda.
At 15, I regularly wrote letters to people I admired -- former presidents, National Geographic writers, the actor George C. Scott. My first (gushing) letter to Jerry was, of course, to tell him how much I loved his books, but, also, I solicited his opinion about something that troubled me. I knew a family that had a very large print of Picasso's "Guernica" hanging in their dining room. I wrote that it was beyond me how anyone could actually eat dinner in the same room with a painting that depicted such horrific suffering from war, and, moreover, I didn't even think it was a very good painting.
Jerry wrote back to thank me for my letter and told me he enjoyed it, which made it "only fair if you've enjoyed my books." He agreed with me "wholeheartedly about Picasso," and it seemed to him "that a bright and really smart boy or girl might have shown a much less sophomoric bent for red-hot satire."
He closed the letter with a statement that elated me for months: "You're not a fifteen-year-old girl to worry over, and I take a certain amount of cheer from that. ... I mean that you sound fine, and better than fine. ... Hurray for that."
'Time and space ... neither were absolutes'
Thus began our correspondence.
The subjects of Jerry's letters ranged from the prosaic to the sublime. He wrote about the weather ("the roads beginning to turn to Chekhovian mud"), his garden ("I covered up the lettuce, beets, peas, and turnips with hay ... I think they're safe"), and foraging for wild mushrooms and greens ("I'm lying in wait ... for the first dandelion greens to show. The fiddlehead ferns come soon, too"). He told me about purchasing farm tools and pieces of furniture at local auctions.
J.D. Salinger with his daughter, Margaret, in the late 1950s.
Nearly every letter included affectionate references to his young children, Matthew and Peggy. In one letter, he wrote that Matthew was sleeping in Jerry's room "because ... he asked ... about time and space ... and when I told him that neither were absolutes ... he felt a little spooked." He related his travels with his children to Block Island, Montreal, London, New York.
Like those of his character, Buddy Glass, also a writer, Jerry's letters were often "teaching, repetitious, opinionated ... [and] ... remonstrative ... [but] ... filled ... with affection" (from "Zooey"). He could be unflinching in his honesty and never shrank from sharing his intense likes and dislikes or telling me when he felt I strayed off course. As a teenager, I was hypersensitive to criticism from any adult, but remarkably accepted Jerry's criticism in stride, I think, because his need to be honest was a matter of personal integrity, and for that, he commanded my respect. In other words, he was no "phony."
The Joni Mitchell album I sent him, "Ladies of the Canyon," he loved ("extraordinary and original, and no bogus passion or 'soul' shoved in"); the John Groth drawings I sent, he detested ("They're so line-y, so hoary. ... The same old Arts League hippy broads with their arms and joined hands raised overhead in prayer ... to Harper and Row for more books for the artist to illustrate"). When I wrote that I had gone to hear an author lecture, he wrote back, "I don't lecture ... or talk anywhere, thank God. I despise talking writers."
In response to my description of one of my first boyfriends: "[He] doesn't really sound like too much. ... It may be he'll improve with age, but I wouldn't bet on it."
I am quite certain that even the most strait-laced parents would approve of the counsel Jerry gave me over the years -- some of the best a young person trying to navigate the tricky passage from adolescence to adulthood could hope to receive.
On the subject of marriage, he wrote, "Marry up with no one whose collective and single parts don't give you peace, pleasure, and comfort like nothing else" and "Listen for coughs, too ... [his coughs should go] ... through [you] like a knife ... . Anything less than a knife-thrust, I'm certain, isn't important or for-real." On the subject of recreational drugs, he was firm and consistent: "I take a very dismally dim view of dope ... it riles and grieves me inordinately." At one point when I was thinking about dropping out of college, he wrote unequivocally that obtaining my degree was a "practical means to some sort of end" and to walk away would be "unworthy, stupid, an invitation to dark forces to multiply."
He concluded most letters with a bit of endearing advice: "Don't fail to take the most thoughtful care of yourself" and don't be afraid to undertake "the uphill loneliness of individuality."
A few times he signed his typewritten letters with amusing pseudonyms, "Charles F. Wood" or "Ronald F. Grinzing" or just plain "Bert."
'I love, love, love Chekhov'
Many of my exchanges with Jerry were, naturally, about books.
Brad Gooch, in his biography of the writer Flannery O'Connor, wrote that the boundary between O'Connor's personal life and her writing life was "porous." I think the same was certainly true for Jerry, at least when it came to the literature he loved best, whether fiction, poetry or religious texts, much of which showed up in his fiction: Chekhov (Jerry closed one letter with "I love, love, love Chekhov"), Rilke, Ring Lardner, Thomas Hardy. Jerry wrote about Emerson: "I prefer him to any other American writer ... [but] ... I hate to mention Emerson, or any other writer I really care about, for fear that extended mention might help to make him popular."
Readers of Salinger who know of his long-standing interest in Eastern philosophy and literature won't be surprised to learn that he steered me to D.T. Suzuki's work on Buddhism, James Legge's translations of Taoist texts, and R.H. Blyth's translations of haiku.
I know from Jerry's letters that he continued to write fiction during the years he and I were in touch, because he mentioned it frequently in his letters.
"I'm excited about work. I think I have about fifteen years' more work to do, and it's the kind I've been waiting for," he wrote in one letter; in another, "I'm going to use part of this setting for a block of fiction that came in, hit me hard, a couple of years ago, some stuff that seemed to me really funny and happy. Perfectly unreal, but up my alley." He shared his distress about being pursued by the media: "One of the Boston newspapers, evidently hard up for news, is poking into my life up here ... . How I hate it, and how it brings out every asocial and murderous instinct in my head ... it's all so hideous, embarrassing, interruptive, incursive and rotten."
He also reacted strongly and negatively to the speculation regarding which people in his personal life served as models for his characters. "One or two or several magazine pieces said the original... [for]... one of my characters, was this or that girl, woman, in my personal life. How little they know about the abnormalities of fiction-writing. If ... [that character] ... was anything but an aspect of myself, I'd have known it."
'We'll ... loaf around the place'
After Jerry and I had been corresponding for a while, he invited me to visit him when he learned that I was going to travel to Williamstown, Mass., to visit a friend who was a student at Williams College. He wrote, "We'll watch movies ... and eat good stuff ... and loaf around the place." Although my parents were aware of my correspondence with Jerry, I knew they wouldn't approve of my visiting him -- at least not unchaperoned. Although a college junior, I was 19; he was 51 and divorced.
Committing the sin of omission, I caught a bus from Williamstown to Windsor, Vt., where Jerry picked me up at the station.
During all of the years that I was in contact with Jerry, that initial face-to-face meeting was the only time I can remember feeling a hyperawareness that this person I knew was someone famous. I felt apprehensive.
That was quickly dispelled after a few minutes of chatting with him in the car on the way to his house. He was the same warm, quirky and refreshingly candid person I knew, and liked, from his letters.
His house was relatively small, comfortable and, like Jerry, very unpretentious. He was companionable, and we had a relaxed and easy visit together. We took walks on his property, prowled through bookshops (he bought me a used copy of short stories by Saki), had lunch at a Howard Johnson's, dinner at a local Italian restaurant. One evening we played a game of Clue with his son, Matthew, who was 10 at the time; another evening Jerry set up his movie projector, and we watched the old Alfred Hitchcock film "The 39 Steps" (the favorite film of Holden Caulfield's little sister, Phoebe, by the way).
At times we talked nonstop -- about books, films, music, gardening, natural foods, our families -- and other times just sat quietly together reading.
He bought me a plane ticket to return to Pittsburgh; he said he didn't want me to have to endure the long bus-train trip back home. When he saw me off at the airport, he told me to be sure to tell my parents to stop by for a drink when they made their spring trip to New England. (The cocktail never happened.)
I didn't see Jerry again. We continued to correspond until 1976, but I don't recall who wrote the last of the 40 or so letters we exchanged. The relationship just ran its course.
P.S.
When, as an adolescent, I first read Jerry's work, a passage in "Seymour: an Introduction" made a lasting impression on me. It is an exchange between Jerry's character, Seymour Glass, and Seymour's father, Les, a former singer and dancer in vaudeville.
Les asks his son if he remembers the time in his childhood when Joe Jackson -- another vaudeville performer whose act included a "nickel-plated trick bicycle" -- gave Seymour a ride on the bicycle's handlebars. Seymour replied that "he wasn't sure he had ever got off Joe Jackson's beautiful bicycle."
Farewell, Bert. I bid you adieu, Ronald F. Grinzing. Goodbye, Jerry. I hope you're in heaven riding on the handlebars of Joe Jackson's beautiful bicycle.
C.C. Smith ( C.C. Smith ( ccsst14@yahoo.com ) lives in the East End of Pittsburgh. She still hasn't gotten around to reading the philosophy of Chuang-tse but continues to relish the stories of Saki. She encourages you to use and support your public library.
First published on February 28, 2010 at 12:00 am
Whatever you do, DO NOT stand up to cheer a touchdown if you attend a Browns game and sit in the Dawg Pound this year. That will simply not be tolerated.
That is exactly what happened to me and my wife last Friday night at the preseason game against the Eagles. We stood up, and got tossed. We were not drunk, were not belligerent, and we were not swearing or causing a disturbance to any fans around us.
The Cleveland Browns were once known for having the most rabid, loyal fans in the NFL. Apparently the team has decided that they would like to reign in that enthusiasm when it comes to the area of standing up to cheer during a touchdown at Cleveland Browns Stadium. So much so, that it will get you ejected without warning, along with a threat of further action including the revoking of your season tickets.
Here's how it went down. Late in the third quarter we decided to move over one section to sit next to a friend of ours. His section was 90% vacant as the score was 24-3 and as ugly as most games we attend. That's when Colt McCoy got the team within striking distance of the endzone nearest us and our friend stood up to cheer. Immediately, a fan 5 rows back started angrily yelling at him to “Sit down” (Side Note: It was very much in the tone of an old man yelling ‘get off my lawn'). Keep in mind the Browns were in the redzone about to score our first touchdown so our friend did not sit down, along with most everyone else in the stadium.
Tell us how you feel - Tweet to Chat Sports: Follow @ChatSports
That's when the fan angrily confronted our friend about standing. Our friend did not say a word, but just kept on cheering the Browns as they were about to score. The angry fan immediately went and got an usher to report his ‘outrageous' behavior. The usher came up to our seats and told our friend “you know why I here don't you?” and left. Me and wife had not stood up at this point, and the usher didn't say anything to us.
Then the Browns scored a touchdown, so we all stood up to cheer and high five each other. Big mistake. Immediately, three police officers and 2-3 Tenable security guards came up to our seats to kick us out (all of us!), telling us that we had already been warned and that ‘fans' had complained. Never mind the fact that the entire stadium was now standing. Apparently the 3 of us were not permitted to stand up for any reason for the remainder of the game, and since we did during a touchdown, that was enough to warrant an ejection. The total elapsed time from the time the angry fan yelled “sit down!” until the time we were ejected was less than five minutes. My wife (who was the last to stand after the TD) was standing for a grand total of less than two minutes when she was ejected. Somehow in that time, all three of us were determined to have been standing ‘excessively'.
Never mind the fact that most people go to sporting events and, you know, stand up and cheer. Crazy stuff for sure.
They escorted us out of our section and in the tunnel where they proceeded to confiscate our tickets and made us hand over our IDs so they could write up an incident report. The entire section was booing the fact that we were being ejected. We could not understand why we were being kicked out for standing up to cheer after the touchdown celebration. We tried to argue our point, but were simply told that we were warned for standing (which we were not) so now we were being ejected from the stadium.
The three police officers charged with writing the “Fan Misconduct Report” seem to acknowledge the ridiculous nature of our offense, but warned us that it would get turned in to the Browns and they could take further action including REVOKING MY SEASON TICKETS! All this for standing during a touchdown in a preseason game. I should mention that in return for being cooperative, they told us they would not turn in the misconduct report, but that remains to be seen.
I would like to mention a few things about my level of Browns loyalty. I have been Browns fan since I was 3 and my grandfather told me that we ‘root for the team in the Orange helmets'. I have been a season ticket hold for 10 years. I have owned a Browns Tailgating bus for 4 years. My finished basement is painted like a Browns helmet from floor to ceiling. The first item that I purchased for my then-unborn son last year was a Browns outfit with matching pacifier. I have followed the Browns around the country to 9 other NFL stadiums (and they even won twice!). I own more jerseys than I would like to admit (8), and despite their 47-97 record during my tenure as a season ticket holder, I rarely miss a home game and I never boo the home team.
We are the fans that every NFL team wants their stadiums full of on Sundays. Willing to shell out tons of money win or lose (but in our case most lose), and never cause a disturbance to those around us.
I have endured a lot as a Browns fan: the fumble, the drive, the move to Baltimore, the countless head coaches and regime changes, the bust draft picks, and losing seasons, but always remanded optimistic and always defended my Browns.
In only mention this because being escorted out of the stadium I so dearly cherished, made me vow that if they take my season tickets away for standing up to cheer the Browns, I will no longer tolerate this absurdity we call a football team and will become a fan of another team. A fan for 31 years, and they have made me consider giving it all up.
I have never considered not being a Browns fan in my life until this past Friday. I have been stupidly giving thousands of dollars away to a team that seems to have a mission to make it harder and harder to do so. There is really no reason I can find anymore to shell out hard-earned cash to attend the games in person. The atmosphere has been subdued, the food and beer is incredibly overpriced, you can't get cellular service at the stadium, and there is little to no information about other games (or stats about the game that is happening right in front of you) displayed in stadium.
And oh yeah, god forbid you do something crazy like standing up and cheering.
I still cannot believe this happened and keep thinking there must be more to it, but having been involved, I can assure you, it was simply just standing. So to the ‘fan' in section 121 that was so eager to kick us out, please how about you stay home for the rest of the season and let real fans show our support for Browns.
**Editors Note: We encourage the new Browns ownership to make a statement on this occurrence and the overall treatment of fans at games, especially those as loyal and dedicated as Jim**
***UPDATE 8/30/12***
A ticket rep from the Browns has reached out to Jim to hear his side of the story. The person reaching out to him was not a supervisor and also told Jim they normally do not kick people out for standing, and sounded to be skeptical of the story. No apology was given.
#standforJim
Before they launched Microsoft and changed the personal computing world forever, Bill Gates and Paul Allen spent their teenage years at the University of Washington, tinkering with the latest technology inside computer labs. Their time on campus helped lay the foundation for one of the world's most influential companies.
Now, buildings named after Allen and Bill and Melinda Gates will house the UW's computer science school, standing across from each other on the UW's Seattle campus, as a testament to their impact on technology and future generations of computer scientists.
The UW Board of Regents on Thursday afternoon approved the naming of the UW's second computer science building as the “Bill & Melinda Gates Center for Computer Science & Engineering.”
The decision to name the new building, which is currently under construction, was made by Microsoft and a group of local leaders who are longtime friends of Bill and Melinda Gates. Today they announced a $30 million donation toward the $110 million building; the $30 million includes previously-announced contributions from Microsoft ($10 million) and Charles and Lisa Simonyi ($5 million). Microsoft added another follow-up donation of $10 million, while the “Friends of Bill & Melinda” group helped complete the full $30 million contribution.
The group includes several top local tech leaders like Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos; Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella; and Expedia co-founder Rich Barton. Here's the full list:
Jim & Catherine Allchin; Rich & Sarah Barton; Jeff & MacKenzie Bezos; Lloyd & Janet Frink; Craig & Marie Mundie; Satya & Anu Nadella; Jeff & Tricia Raikes; Charles and Lisa Simonyi; Rob Short & Emer Dooley; Harry Shum & Ka Yan Chan; Brad & Jan Silverberg; Brad & Kathy Surace-Smith; and John Stanton & Terry Gillespie.
Ed Lazowska, the Bill & Melinda Gates Chair in the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, told GeekWire that donations by these couples show a “gesture of friendship and gratitude to Bill and Melinda, and an investment in the future of our program.”
“It's the sort of thing that makes Seattle such a special community,” he added.
When the “Bill & Melinda Gates Center for Computer Science & Engineering” opens next year, it will sit directly across the street from the Paul G. Allen Center for Computer Science & Engineering, which opened in 2003 thanks in part to a $14 million donation from Allen himself. It has since housed the UW's computer science school, which was renamed the “Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering” earlier this year after Allen donated another $40 million to the UW.
Microsoft President Brad Smith helped lead the naming effort of the new building — along with his wife Kathy Surace-Smith and the Simonyi's — and noted the “wonderful symbolism.”
“As teenagers, Bill and Paul roamed UW computer labs,” he said in a statement. “They went on to change the face of Seattle and the world — first with Microsoft, and later with their philanthropy. I can't think of a better way for those of us who have had the privilege of working alongside Bill and Melinda to express our gratitude and admiration than to name this building for them.”
In a statement, UW President Ana Mari Cauce said that the university is “gratified” by the community support of the new 135,000 square-foot building, which will help the UW double the number of students admitted annually to its nationally-recognized computer science program.
“The Gates Center will enable us to prepare more students to be the innovators and entrepreneurs of tomorrow — and to follow the Gateses' example in seeking to positively affect people's lives and invest in communities near and far,” she said in a statement.
This is the latest gift to the UW in the Gates name. Bill Gates' father, William H. Gates, and his late mother, Mary Gates, have a long history of giving back to the UW. The UW School of Law is named after William H. Gates, while Mary Gates Hall houses undergraduate academic affairs.
Bill & Melinda Gates have also contributed to the university in a variety of ways, helping fund everything from new buildings to scholarships for students. Earlier this year, the couple's foundation announced a $279 million research grant to the UW, which marked the largest private donation in the university's history.
Allen, meanwhile, has also given millions to the UW over the past few decades. Aside from his financial support of the computer science program, his contributions also helped to build the Allen Library on campus, which is named after his father, the late Kenneth S. Allen, who was the UW's associate director of libraries from 1960 to 1982.
In the decade since Allen helped open the current UW CSE building, the demand for computer science graduates has skyrocketed in the Seattle region, thanks to a strong startup ecosystem, Amazon's rapid growth, and the opening of Seattle-area engineering offices by Google, Facebook, and many other tech companies based outside the region. More than two-thirds of UW CSE graduates remain in-state after completing their degree.
In 2016, CSE became the leading “first-choice” major among confirmed incoming UW freshmen, surpassing the longtime leading preferred major, Business Administration. UW says it currently has to turn away two out of every three qualified student applicants in the CSE department. Last year, 391 students graduated from the department and 5,000 students took CSE introductory courses.
The new CSE building will open in January 2019. In addition to Microsoft, the biggest private donor, other companies like Amazon, Google, and Zillow also helped pay for the construction. The state is contributing about a third of the construction cost, with the rest coming from various university funds and individual contributors.
The new building will include 16 labs, a lecture hall, two classrooms, three seminar rooms, an event space, communal and study spaces, office and support spaces. You can track the construction at this live camera feed.
Russia has begun delivering S-300 air defense systems to Iran which could help repel any Israeli and US air strikes on its nuclear sites, the official IRNA news agency reported on Sunday.
Arms Deal Defense Ministry official in Russia to thwart sale of missiles to Iran Roni Sofer Amos Gilad trying to convince Moscow not to sell S-300 anti-aircraft missiles to Tehran, Damascus, claiming it would disturb the balance of power in the Middle East Defense Ministry official in Russia to thwart sale of missiles to Iran
"After few years of talks with Russia ... now the S-300 system is being delivered to Iran," IRNA quoted Email Kosari, deputy head of parliament's Foreign Affairs and National Security committee, as saying.
Kosari did not say when the deliveries began. Iran's Foreign Ministry declined to comment on the report.
Last week Amos Gilad, head of the Israeli Defense Ministry's Security-Diplomatic Bureau, landed in Moscow to convey Israel's opposition to the deal. While in Russia, Gilad was also expected to address the possible sale of weapons to Syria and the flow of arms through Syria to Hizbullah terrorists in Lebanon.
The United States, its European allies and Israel say Iran is seeking to build nuclear arms under the cover of a civilian atomic energy program. Iran denies the charge.
Israel's insistence that Iran must not be allowed to develop an atomic bomb has fueled speculation that the Jewish state, widely assumed to have the Middle East's only nuclear arsenal, could mount its own pre-emptive strikes.
'No capability to make nuclear weapons'
In October Russia's Foreign Ministry denied media speculation that Moscow would sell the medium-range S-300 system, adding Moscow had no intention of selling weapons to "troubled regions."
But Russia's RIA news agency last week quoted "confidential sources" as saying that Russia was fulfilling a S-300 contract with Iran.
The most advanced version of the S-300 system can track targets and fire at aircraft 120 km (75 miles) away. It is known in the West as the SA-20.
Russian arms sales and nuclear cooperation with Iran have strained relations with Washington, which says Tehran could use them against their interests in the region and also against its neighbors.
Russia, building Iran's first nuclear power plant in the southern port city of Bushehr, says Tehran does not have the capability to make nuclear weapons.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WPRI) – Public Safety Commissioner Steven Pare said Wednesday Providence will not participate in a federal program that allows local cops to be designated immigration officers, even as the Trump administration seeks to crack down on individuals living in the country illegally.
Providence already prohibits its police officers from inquiring about the immigration status of individuals they interact with, although that policy is not directly written into any city ordinance. The city only agrees to detain immigration violators if U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials secure a warrant.
"Local law enforcement should not be immigration officers nor an arm of ICE," Pare told Eyewitness News. "We will not be involved in the investigation or enforcement of immigration laws. This requires comprehensive immigration reform and should not be the responsibility of local law enforcement."
On Tuesday the U.S. Department of Homeland Security released a pair of memos outlining how it intends to enforce President Trump's executive order regarding illegal immigration and border security, including plans to hire 10,000 more immigration officers, end the "catch and release" policy that allowed some people caught crossing the border to be released into the United States pending immigration hearings, and increase the number of expedited removals from the country.
DHS is also encouraging more law enforcement agencies to participate in its 287(g) program, which trains state and local police officers to work as immigration officers, typically when it comes to identifying undocumented people in jail. It does not appear that DHS is requiring local agencies to sign on to the program, and one of the memos suggests the expansion would occur in the "border region."
None of the 38 agencies in 16 states that participate in the 287(g) program are in Rhode Island. The sheriffs in Bristol County and Plymouth County in Massachusetts signed agreements with ICE to join the program last month.
Pare, Police Chief Hugh Clements and Mayor Jorge Elorza have all said they believe the city's existing policies around illegal immigration comply with federal law. Anyone arrested in the city has their fingerprints run through a database that ICE monitors. If a suspect has a federal criminal warrant, they are held for immigration officers. But city police will not hold undocumented immigrants after they're processed for their non-immigration violations unless a warrant is in place.
City officials are currently considering adding the existing police department policy around illegal immigration to the proposed Community Safety Act, a far-reaching ordinance designed to curb most forms of profiling by law enforcement.
While Elorza is the only one of the three that has publicly declared Providence a sanctuary city, they have all cited concerns about the willingness of undocumented people to come forward as witnesses to or victims of crimes if the city takes a tougher approach to illegal immigration. One of the DHS memos issued Tuesday states privacy protections will no longer be afforded to people in the country illegally.
The Providence officials have also said adding immigration enforcement to the scope of a local officer's work would place an undue amount of stress on a department that processes more than 120,000 service calls a year.
The executive order Trump signed in January threatens to strip sanctuary cities of certain federal grants, but it remains unclear when those actions will occur. Providence received more than $70 million in direct federal funding in 2015, although city officials believe the majority of its federal aid is not at risk because it comes through budget appropriations.
Continue the discussion on Facebook
Formal talks would not start until Britain invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty to trigger the start of Brexit.
Mrs Merkel said: “It is now up to the British Government to define how it wishes to see its future relationship with the EU and to then also pursue the following steps – particularly as regards the process leading up to invoking Article 50. Only then will the proper negotiations start.
“Today we will discuss the discussion as it presents itself now and will also discuss what is of relevance in the connection without engaging in any formal or informal talks and negotiations.
“I promise you from the German side we will certainly stand up for our interests – just as Britain does for its own citizens. But we will do this in a spirit of friendship.
“A good negotiating process and a sensible and constructive one is in all of our interests. So we will wait for the moment when the UK invokes this – and then we will put our guidelines on the table.”
Mrs Merkel also stressed the recent close links between both countries.
She said: “There has to be trust built that, in the spirit of mutual friendship, we will pursue negotiations that will pursue a certain goal.”
Speaking alongside Mrs Merkel, Mrs May – who initially spoke in German - said: “We will be taking some time before we trigger that renegotiation".
“We have two women who have got on and ... two women who get on with the job and want to deliver the best results for the people of the UK and the people of Germany.”
Mrs May batted back criticism of Boris Johnson, the new foreign secretary who had made outspoken remarks about the EU during the referendum campaign, saying: “I have appointed a team of ministers who will take forward the position of the British government.
“I am very clear that as a British Government and as a Prime Minister we will be looking to build good relations with all of the EU member states.”
Mrs Merkel also had a good word for Mr Johnson, saying that she was confident “the British foreign secretary in good cooperation with all of the other 27 foreign ministers” will work together.
Both the 2008-2009 Israeli Defense Force attack on the Gaza Strip and a nearly 3-year Israeli blockade have degraded living conditions in Gaza to the point that, according to an early 2009 survey, as many as 65.5% of babies 9-12 months old in Gaza suffer from anemia, a nutritional disorder resulting from a lack of dietary Iron which can cause developmental delays and permanent learning disabilities.
According to a May 2010 report from the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA),
Food security exists when all people, at all times, have physical, social and economic access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food which meets their dietary needs and food preferences for an active and healthy life. Food insecurity exists when people do not have adequate physical, social or economic access to food as defined above. 61% of people in the Gaza Strip are considered to be food insecure and are reliant on food assistance from humanitarian agencies for their health and well being. An additional 16.2% are considered vulnerable to food insecurity. Of this food insecure, 65% are children under 18 years. For these children, long-term food insecurity is linked to rising levels of acute malnutrition and stunted growth. In addition, health conditions such as watery diarrhea and iron deficiency anemia result from the ongoing lack of access to clean water and balanced diet. In February 2009, the level of anemia in babies (9-12 months) was as high as 65.5%.
The Christian Broadcast Network's June 4th story by CBN correspondent Tzippe Barrow, Flotilla Choir: 'We Con the World' concerned a video released the same day, and "accidentally" promoted by the Israeli Government Press Office, which is part of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's official government office, that spoofed the Gaza aid flotilla recently attacked in international waters by Israeli commandos.
Barrow's CBN story on the Con The World video, viewed over 1.7 million times so far, quoted Israel radio as claiming,
"the IDF (Israel Defense Forces)... uncovered more evidence confirming the [flotilla] flagship's lethal intent. Further investigation of the ship [Mavi Marmara] revealed gun-sights and ammunition clips not compatible with IDF weapons, along with coded messages about kidnapping and killing soldiers. Passenger recordings of their intent to become shahids (martyrs for the cause of Islam) were also discovered."
Barrow's story credited the Jerusalem Post as contributing to the report. The cited IDF claim that "gun sights" and "ammunition clips" [rifle cartridges] were found on the Mavi Marmara appears to have been published in a single media story, also run Friday June 4th by the Jerusalem Post.
Over the weekend, the Israeli Defense Force account of the attack on the Mavi Marmara has increasingly been called into question, especially as eyewitness accounts from deported Mavi Marmara survivors hit the media and because of the IDF's admission that it edited video footage taken during the IDF attack on the vessel.
Deputy Managing Editor of the Jerusalem Post Caroline Glick produced the "We Con the World" video, for the satirical "Latma TV" that is funded, in turn, by the Washington DC-based Center For Security Policy. A previous Latma TV spoof released in April depicted President Barack Obama singing of the "hatred in his heart" for "dirty Jews."
But in June 2008 Caroline Glick defended prolific global distributor of anti-Jewish propaganda John Hagee - who has claimed European Rothschild bankers control the US economy through the Federal Reserve (a claim that the Anti Defamation League calls "A Class anti-Semitic Myth"). Hagee also has claimed Hitler was a "half-breed Jew" and posits that the anti-Christ figure he predicts is soon to emerge on the world scene will be gay and "partially Jewish." In addition, John Hagee has blamed Jews themselves for anti-Semitism. In his book Jerusalem Countdown, Hagee wrote,
"It was the disobedience and rebellion of the Jews, God's chosen people, to their covenantal responsibility to serve only the one true God, Jehovah, that gave rise to the opposition and persecution that they experienced beginning in Canaan and continuing to this very day." [John Hagee, Jerusalem Countdown: A Warning to the World(Lake Mary, FL: FrontLine, A Strang Company, 2006) p. 56.]
In her June 2008 post Caroline Glick complained that John Hagee was unfairly attacked, "for a sermon he gave where he argued that the Holocaust was God's way of getting the Jews to Israel and so absurdly implied that a man who has devoted his professional life to improving Jewish-Christian relations, ending Evangelical Christian drives to convert Jews and supporting Israel is an anti-Semite."
Despite Glick's claim, John Hagee has personally endorsed the evangelical ministry work of Maoz Israel, which evangelizes Israeli Jews. Hagee is founder of the ostensibly pro-Israel lobbying nonprofit group Christians United For Israel. Frank Gaffney, head of the Center For Security Policy that funded Caroline Glick's satirical "We Con the World" video, is a frequent guest at Hagee's CUFI events and is scheduled to speak at the Christians United For Israel yearly summit this summer 2010 in Washington, DC.
Caroline Glick's We Con the World video depicts activists from the Mavi Marmara Gaza aid ship as terrorists. But on Friday, as Glick's video was accidentally promoted by the Israeli Government Press Office, with supporting coverage from the Jerusalem Post and the Christian Broadcast Network, another story was released that cut dramatically against the narrative. Results from an official Turkish government conducted autopsy on the Mavi Marmara dead showed that,
"a 60-year-old man, Ibrahim Bilgen, was shot four times in the temple, chest, hip and back. A 19-year-old, named as Fulkan Dogan, who also has US citizenship, was shot five times from less that 45cm, in the face, in the back of the head, twice in the leg and once in the back. Two other men were shot four times, and five of the victims were shot either in the back of the head or in the back."
On the day of its release, the website for John Hagee's Christians United For Israel also linked to Glick's We Con the World video. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has attended and spoken at Christian Zionist events with John Hagee for over a decade. Caroline Glick served as Assistant Foreign Policy Adviser to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in 1997-1998.
Russia appears to have placed Blockchain technologies on top of the list of its priorities lately. Ethereum's inventor, Vitalik Buterin, had a conversation with Vladimir Putin last week. Putin seems to have endorsed such developments that could bring an answer to many of the ills plaguing Russia.
Oil dependence
Russia's economy is too reliant on oil and it is preventing the ruble from becoming a stable currency. As the price of an oil barrel fluctuates, so does the Russian ruble.
To counter this heavy dependence on energy exports, the country has long been looking to diversify its economy and to monopolize a new area not yet dominated by superpowers such as China and the USA.
Potemkin tech villages experience
The Russian government first began opting for nanotechnologies in 2007. Rusnano was created as a government-owned joint-stock company, and the former Kremlin Chief of Staff Anatoly Chubais was granted its management keys.
Throughout the years, the venture invested in various projects but wasn't successful in becoming the player that would offer Russia a major leap.
The next big attempt was the creation of The Skolkovo Innovation Center in 2009. Set as a world-class technology incubator, it was intended to become one of Silicon Valley's main rivals in the areas of IT, biotechnology, space and nuclear and energy efficiency.
However, this ambitious plan struggled with massive brain drain and corruption that made it stall in the thirteenth rank in the Compass Global Startup Ecosystem Ranking, performing far behind other top innovation hubs.
The search for a technological leap to close the gap between Russia and more advanced economies resumed when Putin became president again in 2012.
Russian investors showed a strong interest in the Hyperloop project, a kind of train in a tube that can reach speeds of 1,000 kilometers or 700 miles per hour.
The state-owned Russian Direct Investment Fund even acquired a small stake in the company. However, the project doesn't have Russia on its list of priorities and is focusing on developments in other regions such as the United Arab Emirates.
The Ethereum opportunity
Vitalik Buterin offered Putin the possible use of Blockchain technologies in the Russian government and financial sectors for its transparency and anti-corruption capabilities. Putin seems to have endorsed such developments that could bring an answer to many of the ills plaguing Russia.
The country could also become the first one to develop its own digital currency, and perhaps the move is already in the making.
"Regulators of all countries agree that it's time to develop national cryptocurrencies, this is the future. Every country will decide on specific time frames. After our pilot projects, we will understand what system we could use in our case for our national currency," announced Olga Skorobogatova, chief deputy of the Bank of Russia.
A nation-wide Blockchain experiment might be just another wrong door to open, but it is very like to boost the country and give it a cutting-edge technology impulse.
It would be interesting to find out how Putin actually received Buterin's ideas apart from the Kremlin's PR strategy, and what actions will be taken following their meeting.
Meanwhile, the actions undertaken by other economic superpowers should also be closely monitored, as they are very likely to react to what might give a considerable advantage to Russia.
"The federal coal leasing program is a disaster that rips off taxpayers while rewarding coal companies for burning up our planet. I urge you to immediately place a moratorium on our outdated and dangerous federal coal leasing program."
On Thursday, the United States Senate voted to confirm Sally Jewell as our next Secretary of the Interior.
Jewell's confirmation gives us a major opportunity to put a stop to one of the most environmentally damaging programs the Interior Department runs -- the federal coal leasing program.
Under this antiquated program, billions of tons of taxpayer-owned coal is essentially given away to international coal companies for about $1 a ton. Then they ship it to Asia and sell it for 100 times that amount. Shockingly, the impacts on climate change aren't even taken into account.1
It amounts to a massive subsidization of climate change that hurts all of us while helping fossil fuel polluters get rich. Secretary Jewell has the power to put an end to this outrageous practice by placing a moratorium on federal coal leases, and we need to make sure it's one of the first things on her list as she begins her new position.
Tell our new Interior Secretary Sally Jewell: Put an immediate moratorium on the disastrous federal coal leasing program.
The Department of the Interior has historically sold taxpayer-owned coal for next to nothing to provide cheap electricity domestically and promote economic development. But with coal use declining rapidly in the United States, major international companies are now working to ship the coal to Asia, where they can sell it for a huge profit.
These so-called coal lease "auctions" are nothing of the sort – they often involve only one coal company. If this program continues, coal companies will reap windfall profits, taxpayers will get ripped off, and we'll all suffer the consequences of supercharged climate change.
Providing a steady supply of coal for overseas nations to burn escalates climate change, and slows worldwide adoption of the sustainable energy technology that can save us from climate change. It is totally incompatible with the Obama administration's commitment to curbing climate pollution.
During her confirmation hearing in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee last month, Jewell emphasized that climate change will be a significant focus of President Obama's second term. But as long as the federal coal leasing program is allowed to continue, the huge negative impact will undermine anything else she is able to accomplish at Interior. We need a massive show of grassroots pressure urging Jewell to make good on her commitment by immediately stopping this outdated and dangerous program.
Tell our new Interior Secretary Sally Jewell: Put an immediate moratorium on the disastrous federal coal leasing program.
1. Joe Smyth, "The BLM's Corrupt Coal Leasing Program: Billions In Subsidies To Peabody, Gigatons Of Carbon Pollution For The Rest Of Us," Think Progress, 6/22/12
Amazon has told its local marketplace partners it plans to launch its Australian offering this Thursday at 2pm, according to sources familiar with the matter.
Which-50 understands only a limited number of products will be available to a limited group of customers, allowing the ecommerce giant to test its systems before launching more broadly.
The soft launch means not everyone will be able to see or buy products when they visit Amazon.com.au — but marketplace sellers will begin receiving orders and fulfilling them through their existing distribution networks.
Which-50 has reached out to Amazon for comment and will update this story if we receive a response.
Last week at Amazon's seller summit held in Sydney, Amazon Australia's country manager Rocco Braeuniger said the company would be launching its retail offer and its third-party marketplace at the same time. However, he failed to name a date.
“We are very close to launching with our retail and marketplace offer,” Braeuniger said.
It has been widely speculated that Amazon would launch by November 24th to capitalise on Black Friday.
Australia will be Amazon's 13th marketplace globally and is believed to have 500 sellers ready to go on the platform. Currently, Amazon's marketplace is “invitation only” which means it is able to vet merchants before they begin selling through Amazon's marketplace.
In Dallas, Texas, the newly formed Huey Newton Gun Club marches in the streets bearing assault rifles and AR-15s. "This is perfectly legal!" the club leader shouts. "Justice for Michael Brown! Justice for Eric Garner! … Black power! Black power! Black power! Black power!"
Meanwhile, closer to Washington, DC, the venerable National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) responds to the fatal shooting of two New York City police officers in December by repeating its call for tougher gun-control laws.
How, then, do black Americans feel about guns?
They are divided on the issue, as are Americans generally. But that doesn't mean they're evenly divided. The 21st-century NAACP represents what one black scholar calls "the modern orthodoxy of stringent gun control," whereas the members of the Huey Newton Gun Club are a minority within a minority, as were the Black Panthers of the 1960s, from whose founder the gun club takes its name.
It turns out, however, that the gun-toting resistance may better represent the traditional majority among the American descendants of enslaved Africans — including the original NAACP.
Peaceful people with guns
An older and deeper tradition of armed self-defense "has been submerged," writes scholar Nicholas Johnson, "because it seems hard to reconcile with the dominant narrative of nonviolence in the modern civil-rights movement."
It is the same tension modern-day progressives see in libertarians' stated principles. Advocates of the freedom philosophy not only see our principles as compatible with gun rights; we see those rights as an extension of the principles. For a government (or anyone else) to take guns away from peaceful people requires the initiation of force.
“But,” progressive friends may object, “how can you talk of peaceful people with guns?”
What sounds absurd to them is clear to the libertarian: the pursuit of "anything peaceful" is not the same as pacifism. There is no contradiction in exercising a right of self-defense while holding a principle of nonaggression. In other words, we believe peaceful people ought not initiate force, but we don't rule out defending ourselves against aggressors. And while a few libertarians are also full-blown pacifists who reject even defensive violence, that does not mean they advocate denying anyone their right to armed self-defense (especially as such a denial would require threatening violence).
The black tradition of armed self-defense
For more than a hundred years, black Americans exemplified the distinction above when it came to gun rights. The paragon of black nonviolence, Martin Luther King Jr., explained it eloquently:
Violence exercised merely in self-defense, all societies, from the most primitive to the most cultured and civilized, accept as moral and legal. The principle of self-defense, even involving weapons and bloodshed, has never been condemned, even by Gandhi.
King not only supported gun rights in theory; he sought to exercise those rights in practice. After his home was firebombed on January 30, 1956, King applied for a permit to keep a concealed gun in his car. The local (white) authorities denied his application, claiming he had not shown "good cause" for needing to carry a firearm.
Modern advocates of gun-control laws will point out that King ultimately regretted his personal history with guns, seeing them as contrary to his commitment to nonviolence, but King understood that his pacifism was not in conflict with anyone else's right to self-defense.
According to his friend and fellow activist Andrew Young, "Martin's attitude was you can never fault a man for protecting his home and his wife. He saw the Deacons as defending their homes and their wives and children." The Deacons for Defense and Justice was a private and well-armed organization of black men who advocated gun rights and protected civil rights activists. Even after the Deacons became a source of embarrassment to many in the nonviolence movement, King maintained his support.
"Martin said he would never himself resort to violence even in self-defense," Young explained, "but he would not demand that of others. That was a religious commitment into which one had to grow."
While King may have come to see his strategic nonviolence as being of a piece with personal pacifism, most activists in the civil rights movement saw no contradiction between nonviolent strategy and well-armed self-defense.
"Because nonviolence worked so well as a tactic for effecting change and was demonstrably improving their lives," writes Charles E. Cobb Jr., a former field secretary for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC), "some black people chose to use weapons to defend the nonviolent Freedom Movement. Although it is counterintuitive, any discussion of guns in the movement must therefore also include substantial discussion of nonviolence, and vice versa."
Voting-rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer, for example, advised blacks to confront white hatred and abuse with compassion — “Baby you just got to love 'em. Hating just makes you sick and weak.” But when asked how she survived when white supremacists so often grew violent, Hamer replied, “I'll tell you why. I keep a shotgun in every corner of my bedroom and the first cracker even look like he wants to throw some dynamite on my porch won't write his mama again.”
Black history
In Negroes and the Gun: The Black Tradition of Arms, Johnson shows that the attitudes of King and Hamer go back for well over a century in the writings, speeches, and attitudes of black leaders, even when their libertarian attitude toward firearms was at odds with the philosophy of their white allies.
Frederick Douglass, an escaped slave and the most famous black leader of the 19th century, rejected the pacifism of his white abolitionist supporters when he suggested that a good revolver was a Negro's best response to slave catchers.
Harriet Tubman, the celebrated conductor of the Underground Railroad, offered armed protection to the escaped slaves she led to freedom, even as they sought sanctuary in the homes of Quakers and other pacifist abolitionists.
Lest you think religious devotion divided the black community on this subject, a mass church gathering in New York City in the mid-19th century resolved that escaped slaves should resist recapture “with the surest and most deadly weapons.”
W.E.B. Du Bois, one of the cofounders of the NAACP in 1909, wrote of his own response to white race riots in the South: “I bought a Winchester double-barreled shotgun and two dozen rounds of shells filled with buckshot. If a white mob had stepped on the campus where I lived I would without hesitation have sprayed their guts over the grass.”
If that sounds like simple bloodlust, consider that Du Bois outlined for his readers an understanding of armed violence that should resonate with advocates of the nonaggression principle: “When the mob moves, we propose to meet it with bricks and clubs and guns. But we must tread here with solemn caution. We must never let justifiable self-defense against individuals become blind and lawless offense against all white folk. We must not seek reform by violence.”
Du Bois was not at odds with the larger organization for which he worked. “While he extolled self-defense rhetorically in the Crisis,” writes Johnson, “the NAACP as an organization expended time, talent, and treasure to uphold the principle on behalf of black folk who defended themselves with guns. That fight consumed much of the young organization's resources.” Yes, the NAACP originally devoted itself to defending precisely those same rights that it now consistently threatens.
These examples all predate the nonviolent civil rights movement of the 1950s and ‘60s. But as King's own words show us, support for armed self-defense continued well into the civil rights era. In fact, Charles Cobb argues in This Nonviolent Stuff'll Get You Killed: How Guns Made the Civil Rights Movement Possible, the success of the civil rights movement depended on well-armed blacks in the South. Cobb writes that the “willingness to use deadly force ensured the survival not only of countless brave men and women but also of the freedom struggle itself.” The victories of the civil rights movement, Cobb insists, “could not have been achieved without the complementary and still underappreciated practice of armed self-defense.”
Even Rosa Parks, quiet icon of both civil rights and nonviolent resistance, wrote of how her campaign of peaceful civil disobedience was sustained by many well-armed black men. Recalling the first meeting of activists held at her house, Parks wrote, “I didn't even think to offer them anything — refreshments or something to drink.… With the table so covered with guns, I don't know where I would've put any refreshments.” The guns didn't go away after her victory in the Supreme Court. “The threatening telephone calls continued.… My husband slept with a gun nearby for a time.”
The origins of gun control, public and private
In contrast to the rich black history of peacefully bearing arms, the earliest advocates of gun control in America were Southern whites determined to disarm all blacks. In 1680, the Virginia General Assembly enacted a law that made it illegal for any black person to carry any type of weapon — or even potential weapon. In 1723, Virginia law specifically forbade black people to possess “any gun, powder, shot, or any club, or any other weapon whatsoever, offensive or defensive.”
These were laws from the colonial era, but even after the Second Amendment, we see the same pattern: Southern whites who reacted to the abolition of slavery “through a variety of state and local laws, restricting every aspect of Negro life, from work to travel, to property rights.” Johnson explains that “gun prohibition was a common theme of these ‘Black Codes.'”
Where the Black Codes fell short in their effectiveness, the Ku Klux Klan and an array of similar organizations "rose during Reconstruction to wage a war of Southern redemption.… Black disarmament was part of their common agenda."
But while many white people were opposed to the idea of black people with guns, black support for gun rights, according to Johnson, "dominated into the 1960s, right up to the point where the civil rights movement boiled over into violent protests and black radicals openly defied the traditional boundary against political violence."
That violent and radical turn was the catalyst for a dramatic transition, as the movement ushered in a new black political class. Rising within a progressive political coalition that included the newly minted national gun-control movement, the bourgeoning black political class embraced gun bans.… By the mid-1970s, these influences had supplanted the generations-old black tradition of arms with a modern orthodoxy of stringent gun control.
Top-down versus bottom-up
In every large group, there is a division of interests, understanding, and goals between an elite and the rank and file. In American history, those of African descent have been no different in this regard. But for most of that history, the black leadership and the black folks on the ground have been in agreement about the importance and legitimacy of armed self-defense — and equally suspicious of all attempts by any political class to disarm average people.
According to the new orthodoxy, however, any preference that black people demonstrate for personal firearms cannot represent the race — only a criminal or misguided subset. So the black political class consistently supports disarming the citizenry, both black and white — although remarkably, some are even willing to target gun bans to black neighborhoods.
But while the black elite tries to plan what's best for the black rank and file, some individuals are rejecting the plan and helping to drive history in a different direction. "Recent momentous affirmations of the constitutional right to keep and bear arms," writes Johnson, "were led by black plaintiffs, Shelly Parker and Otis McDonald, who complained that stringent gun laws in Washington, DC, and Chicago left them disarmed against the criminals who plagued their neighborhoods."
What do we make of these rebels? Are they traitors to their race? Are they dupes of the majority-white gun lobby? Or were they, as Cobb describes Southern blacks of the 1960s, "laying claim to a tradition that has safeguarded and sustained generations of black people in the United States"?
Neither Parker nor McDonald will be nominated for an NAACP Image Award any time soon, but perhaps they represent a different black consciousness — a more individualist, even libertarian, tradition with a stronger grounding in black history.
Starting off, Neo New Sangan!
Edit: Blue-Eyes White Dragon and Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon
Edit 2: Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon
Sangan is the Promo for the 2016 Perfect Rule Book
Sangan
Level 3 DARK Fiend-Type Effect Monster
ATK 1000
DEF 600
The effect of “Sangan” can only be used once per turn. (1) When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Add 1 monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand. {If you add a monster to your hand with this effect, you cannot activate the effects of monsters with the same name during that turn.}
The Meteor Houkai Device Duja is a Level 4 LIGHT Monster with 1600 ATK and DEF.
It's a Kaiba Corp Foil Rare
It comes with the April 11th, 2016 issue of Weekly Shonen Jump
All effects and details are unknown!
Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon
Level 5 DARK Dragon-Type Pendulum Effect Monster
ATK 1200
DEF 2400
Pendulum Scale: 1
Pendulum Effect:
(1) If an opponent's effect is activated that targets 1 “Odd-Eyes” Pendulum Monster on your field, during your End Phase: Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone, then choose up to 1 face-up “Odd-Eyes” Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck, place it in your Pendulum Zone.
Monster Effect:
(1) Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; until the end of the turn that monster's effects are negated.
Blue-Eyes White Dragon (featuring Kaiba on its Art) is the Promo for the Kazuki Takahashi Jump Ryu issue. It's Kaiba Corp Parallel Rare!
Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon
Level 7 DARK Dragon-Type Pendulum Effect Monster
ATK 2500
DEF 2000
Pendulum Scale: 4
Pendulum Effect:
(1) Once per turn, if there is an “Odd-Eyes” card in your other Pendulum Zone, when your face-up monster battles an opponent's monster, during attack declaration: Your monster gains 1200 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
Monster Effect:
The monster effect of “Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon” can only be used once per turn.
(1) When this Pendulum Summoned card you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent due to attack: You can inflict 1200 damage to your opponent for each “Odd-Eyes” card in your Pendulum Zones.
It was such a great experience that first year that we wanted to continue to feel that every year.
MESA, Ariz. — During the Easter season, on a five-story stage graced with magnificent pageantry, dance and music, the Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant shares the message of Easter, portraying the life and mission of the Jesus Christ, his crucifixion and resurrection.
The forerunner to the pageant was a sunrise service atop a cotton trailer in Tempe. In 1938, the service was moved to Mesa, where it was performed on the steps of the Mesa Arizona Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Today, the 75-year tradition continues, and the Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant attracts tens of thousands of people each year. The 65-minute presentation features live animals, authentic-looking costumes and magnificent staging, lighting and sound.
Still, much of the richness of the pageant and what draws thousands to attend each year is in the “rest of the story,” or what goes on behind the scenes of the spectacular production. This year, the pageant features the largest cast ever — with a total of 475 cast members and 400 additional volunteers who will work behind the scenes. It represents a mammoth effort of hundreds of thousands of hours from participants and volunteer staff — everyone from costumers and animal handlers, to people who manage the props, to those who set up the sea of chairs on the grass in front to the temple Visitors Center.
“It's a big production and nothing works without every piece — everyone's involvement is just as important as anyone else's to make this the wonderful community Easter tradition it has become,” said Jenee Wright Prince, the pageant director.
“We are there to present the story of the Savior, of the only perfect man," she added, "Even though we are imperfect and often fall short, the Lord always fills in the gap, always makes up the difference.”
Even as they work to bring the story of the Savior to life on the stage, cast and crew say they feel Christ's love and their testimonies are strengthened.
“So many little miracles happen every year. It's always amazing to see it come together,” Prince said.
Cristy Rosas and her daughter, Diana, 6, are part of the cast for the performances that will be presented in Spanish.
“We wanted to participate at first because we wanted to have a spiritual experience as a family,” Cristy Rosas said. “It was such a great experience that first year that we wanted to continue to feel that every year.”
“Life is different while we are in the pageant. Everything is perfect, happier,” she said. “We have answers to our prayers and we see miracles every day. It's neat to feel that for one month each year.”
Diana, who is in first grade, said she loved “dancing with Jesus” in the scene with Jesus and the children last year.
Twins Hayden and Harrison Jones, 18, are participating in the pageant for the third time. They have been cast as angels for the second time.
“It's so worth it,” Hayden Jones said.
He said he has learned “it doesn't matter what situation the Savior was in, he had a great willingness to serve. It has made me think about how I could be more like that.”
Practicing and performing in the pageant is “an uplifting experience,” Harrison Jones said, and added, “especially right now,” referring to the fact that he and his brother Hayden have recently received their calls to serve Mormons missions and will be leaving shortly after the pageant is over. Both have been called to serve in Argentina: Harrison in the Buenos Aires North mission and Hayden in the Resistencia mission.
“The pageant is great mental and spiritual preparation for our missions,” Harrison said.
Another returning cast member is Mark Bayless, of the North Scottsdale Arizona Stake, who is playing the role of a Sadducee for the fourth year. “The experience has far outweighed any expectations I had,” Bayless said.
He admitted that to play one of those who mock the Savior and turn their back on him is difficult. “I remember the first time I had to spit on the (person playing the) Savior. An overwhelming feeling of sadness came over me. I left heavy hearted and wondered, ‘How can I do that night after night to the Savior that I love?'”
He said what has gotten him through is that “I know, at the end, I get to stand and sing, ‘I Know He Lives,' and express testimony of the Savior. It counterbalances everything.”
Joe Tenney, a member of the Gilbert Higley Arizona Stake, is a 15-year veteran as a pageant participant, appearing as the narrator for 13 years and, for the last two, serving as assistant director.
Tenney's wife, Debbie, their three daughters and two sons have also participated in the pageant during the years. “It has definitely worked its way into the fabric of the lives of our family,” he said. “It's a wonderful privilege to be a part of it.”
Members of the Queen Creek Arizona Stake, Robert Allen and his wife, Norine, agree.
Allen, who played the role of Jesus Christ for six years, took two years off and has returned to play Peter this year.
Allen said while it requires time and effort, “We have always found what you get back is every bit as much — and usually double — any sacrifice you put forth.”
Allen, who runs a junk disposal company called The Garbage Guy, added that the pageant gives them a chance to “sort of declutter your life for awhile. Your mind, body and everything seems more peaceful.”
His wife and children feel the same.
“People have asked why we do this. It's because of the joy we feel in testifying," Norine Allen said. "Other opportunities you have — things you do like sports or hobbies — don't always allow for the chance to testify like the pageant does.”
Prince, the pageant director, added that it's humbling to participate.
“It is a tremendous and humbling honor for all of us who participate in the pageant, in even the smallest way, to present a portion of the life and mission of the Savior. The power of his life and the beauty of his teachings uplift and edify everyone — staff, cast, and audience,” Prince said.
The pageant is free of charge and is peformed on the north lawn of the Mesa Temple Visitors' Center, 525 E. Main in Mesa. The 2013 performances begin at 8 p.m. each night and will be presented in English on March 20-21 and March 26-30, andin Spanish on March 22 and 23. The pageant will be presented in ASL on March 20-23.
Metal chairs are available, strictly on a first-come, first-served basis, and attendees may bring blankets or chairs to sit on around the perimeter. Free parking is available on adjacent streets, with handicap parking and tour bus parking in the lot east of the visitors' center.
For additional information, visit www.easterpageant.org or call 480-964-7164.
Documentary is not the most popular genre among audiences anywhere, but in China, documentary filmmakers get a particularly raw deal: In 2015, only 14 documentaries were shown in cinemas. This year, one with an unusual focus — the lives of craftsmen who restore relics in Beijing's Forbidden City — is slated for release on Dec. 16.
“Masters in Forbidden City” first came out in January as a three-episode documentary on Chinese state broadcaster CCTV. It later became a surprise hit with young people, gaining more than 2 million views on video-streaming website Bilibili. With an edited version set to appear in cinemas soon, the film is drawing even more attention to the obscure profession of antique restoration — and boosting pride in China's cultural heritage.
Ye Jun, the 33-year-old director of the televised version, had worked on other historical documentaries for CCTV before but told Sixth Tone that this time, he was determined to develop a lively narrative that would “resonate with ordinary people.” His fresh, character-driven approach paid off, drawing audiences who would typically turn away from more technical, informative documentaries.
The series has pushed its unlikely stars to celebrity status. Wang Jin, a 55-year-old timepiece restorer who has been repairing imperial clocks and watches since 1977, is the most popular character because of his elegant, old-time manners. He's now touring 12 cities to promote the movie, and fans often wait hours outside his studio to get a photo with him.
Wang Jin repairs a clock in his studio at the Forbidden City, Beijing, July 28, 2016. Courtesy of the documentary's crew
The series has also led to a surge in job applications to the Palace Museum, which in 2015 celebrated 90 years of protecting the treasures and grounds of the 500-year-old Forbidden City palace in Beijing. This year, the museum received 15,000 applications for 20 positions on the restoration team, state news agency Xinhua reported.
The rise in interest has proven vital for the museum because it anticipates that one-third of its staff will need to be replaced with new graduates over the next five years, as an older generation of artisans retires. The contrast in age is poignant to filmmaker Ye: “When a pair of 20-something-year-old hands are touching a 2,000-year-old relic, you will feel that your life is so transient and reflect on the meaning of your work.”
The documentary is unusual among state television productions for giving audiences a candid — and at times, even irreverent — glimpse into a profession that helps to maintain the nation's prized heritage.
The Palace Museum is one of the most visited museums in the world, with more than 10 million tourists each year. But the staff area is surprisingly quiet: Restorers plant trees and vegetables in the courtyard, raise parrots, and feed the stray cats that wander onto the ancient grounds.
One scene in the documentary shows the restorers using paper from their studio to catch the ripe apricots that fall from the trees in the summer. “The paper is strong; it's for covering the relics,” a young female employee says happily. Though there was some pressure to produce a more sanitized narrative, Ye said, in the end the museum consented to including scenes of everyday life, even when its employees were arguably misbehaving.
Some viewers questioned the skill and expertise of the artisans, comparing their rustic studios with the dust-free labs they had seen in Japanese museums. But Ye argued that the methods demonstrate different cultural attitudes. “Japanese people care for rituals, while Chinese people prefer to take a light approach to serious matters,” he said.
“Masters in Forbidden City” seems to echo the success of another popular series from 2012, “A Bite of China,” which explores culinary culture and history across the country in a style that combines the non-fiction approaches of reality TV and documentary. Both series spotlight different aspects of Chinese heritage, have enjoyed high ratings, and have ignited young people's interest in Chinese traditions.
For Ye, such programs provide an organic way to produce patriotism. “When people discover the amazing things in our culture, it's natural to love your country,” he said.
(Header image: Wang Jin (left) and his apprentice, Qi Haonan, repair a clock in their studio at the Forbidden City, Beijing, July 28, 2016. Courtesy of the documentary's crew)
CHICAGO – Chicago area schools are replacing white male authors on student reading lists with minority and women authors who delve into themes like power, justice, humanity and social responsibility.
“I think yes, book lists in schools are sexist, but I don't think it's the school's fault,” senior Sarah Eiden told the Gapers Block Book Club blog. “I think it's because we still think good literature is only written by white males, which simply isn't true. I do see though that teachers are trying to change that.”
New Trier High School English teacher Scott Campbell is among them.
“When we think about summer reading books or adding a new book to a course, we're often looking for woman or people of color,” he told the site.
It's some teachers' way of countering the prevalence of white male authors who penned classics like “The Great Gatsby,” “Lord of the Flies,” “The Catcher in the Rye” and “Of Mice and Men,” Campbell said.
“Women a hundred or so years ago were not encouraged or expected that they might write, so we're left with literature that seems unbalanced and institutionalized, almost in the way we talk about racism,” he said.
“Women haven't been championed as writers generally,” Campbell said. “This is just one of the after-effects of male domination.”
John Hancock College Prep English teacher and curriculum coordinator Natalie Garfield seems to share Campbell's perspective.
She hunts out books that are “more culturally relevant” to students at the school than classic books written by white male authors.
“At the end of their high school career, a kid can pick up any new book and potentially have been exposed to anything like it based on the wide spectrum of texts we offer here,” Garfield told Gapers Block. “(You) make changes and reflect the times and kids in front of you.”
Those changes include books like “The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian,” which is actually a fictionalized story about a 14-year-old Native American teen that attends a mostly white high school with themes of alcoholism, sexuality, violence and bullying, according to the blog.
Other titles like “Always Running: La Vida Loca, Gang Days in L.A.” focuses on gang life, unemployment, drug addiction, incarceration and suicide.
“But in the end, it's a positive, uplifting story of a man who realizes his potential as a Chicano activist and artist and manages to turn his life around,” Gapers Block reports. “This book gives readers a raw look at what it meant to be Latino in Los Angeles during the ‘80s and how community involvement can truly impact marginalized groups.”
Some student told the site they appreciate that teachers are catering reading lists to their culture by replacing books written by white male authors with minority-penned prose.
Hancock senior Lisseth Perez said books on Hispanics offered in the past are from a white person's perspective.
“We come from a Hispanic culture, but enven when they give us ‘Hispanic books,' it's more like, just Hispanic people trying to fit into a white community,” Perez said. “It's the same book over and over: Hispanic kid wants to go into the white community and not get looked down upon.”
It's the same story with women, Hancock junior Sandra Rodriquez told Gapers Block.
“These books just talk about men and men and men. And they never actually show women actually doing something,” she griped. “You have to read something you feel good about.”
Saturday night's Republican presidential debate began in chaos as several candidates didn't come on stage as ABC News moderators David Muir and Martha Raddatz called their names.
Dr. Ben Carson came to the mouth of a backstage hallway at St. Anselm College too early, as his name was to be the second called. With applause ringing through the hall for Chris Christie, he never heard his name.
Carson stopped just short of entering and was stranded in no-man's land and in view of a TV camera trained on the entryway.
Before he could figure out what to do, Ted Cruz's name was called. And then Donald Trump's.
Trump stopped to stand with Carson, seeming to tell him that he should already have been on stage.
When Marco Rubio's and Jeb Bush's names were announced, the two men were still blocking their way. They had to sneak past, with Jeb smirking and bumping into Trump on his way out.
WHERE'S BEN? Dr. Ben Carson came out into a backstage hallway but waited when he couldn't hear his name called – leading Donald Trump to stop and stand with him when moderators called for him
NO MAN'S LAND: As Trump stopped to talk to Carson in the hallway, apparently telling him that he should be on the stage, Bush's name was called
OUT THE WAY: As Bush attempted to push past the waiting pair, he awkwardly bumped into Trump before making his way on to the stage
John Kasich, the last person to be called, also never heard his name in the noise. But the moderators never noticed – only calling out for Carson to come to the stage.
'Dr. Ben Carson! Please come out onto the stage! He's standing there as well,' Muir said as Trump finally left Carson standing at the altar and took his place.
After a calm and cool Carson finally took his place, Kasich was still left in the wings. He entered last instead of first – but Chris Christie had to remind the anchors that Kasich was still waiting.
'What about Kasich? Can I introduce Kasich?' Christie asked as laughs rang out.
'It was so noisy in here. Yes. Yes. We're going to introduce Ohio Governor John Kasich,' Muir said.
Carson later said he came out at the right time but seemed not to know that his name as called at the right time. 'I wasn't introduced number-two, which was the plan,' Carson said on stage.
With the shambolic introductions out of the way, the debate exploded into life, with feisty exchanges between Ben Carson and Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Chris Christie, before Donald Trump and Jeb Bush squared up once again.
The candidates also tackled the issue of a nuclear North Korea after announcements earlier this evening that the Communist state had conducted logn-range missile tests over Japan.
While Cruz said he would defer any decision until he had seen intelligence reports, Trump advocated bringing the Chinese on board in order to apply pressure.
Sticking with the issue of national security, Cruz then defended his call to 'carpet-bomb' ISIS, though said it could be done without unnecessary civilian casualties by targeting oil fields and military installations.
GO, GO GO: Even a TV producer leaning around the edge of a curtain to tell Carson to get on the stage seemed to have little impact on the good doctor
AWKWARD: John Kasich was also left awkwardly waiting to one side of the stage after moderators seemed to forget to call him name
MISSING SOMEONE? Despite one podium being left empty, it was left to Marco Rubio to remind ABC News moderators that Kasich was still waiting to be called on
Picking up on the issue of targeting oil reserves, Trump, who has long-championed that position, said the way to cripple ISIS was not militarily, but through their wallet.
Instead of force, Trump advocated taking their oil and hitting them through the banking system.
The majority of candidates agreed for the need for tougher interrogation techniques for terror prisoners, including waterboarding, which simulates drowning.
Donald Trump in particular pledged to being the technique back, along with 'much worse', arguing that ISIS does much worse to its enemies.
The majority of candidates also rallied around veterans' issues, including the need for better employment prospects and more healthcare choices.
FINALLY: All seven candidates made it on stage after Marco Rubio (3rd left) reminded the moderators that John Kasich (left) was still backstage
A final exchange saw a pro-life debate, with Rubio restating his positions that there should be no exemptions to abortion expect if the life of the mother is threatened. Bush and Christie, meanwhile, argue that cases of rape and incest should also be qualified for an abortion.
Turning to perhaps the most pressing issue of the day, the candidates were then asked what thier pick for Super Bowl 50 would be.
Four of the seven candidates in Saturday's debate predicted a Carolina victory over the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
Ben Carson didn't make a prediction, instead joking that 'it will be either Denver or Carolina.'
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz was the most honest in his pandering, saying: 'With an eye to Feb. 20, Carolina,' the the day of the South Carolina primary.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush are picking Denver. Bush says he is taking Denver because the team's quarterback, Peyton Manning, is supporting his candidacy.
Aside from an altercation with Bush in which he was loudly booed, Trump's performance was hailed as being more controlled and statesman-like than his earlier debates
The candidates also locked horns over issues including North Korea, ISIS, veterans and the abortion debate
Carson vs Cruz: Doctor takes Texas senator to task for his 'dirty tricks' campaign in Iowa
The first heated exchange of the evening came between Dr Carson and Ted Cruz, as Carson hit out at Cruz's campaign staff for wrongly spreading the rumor that he was dropping out of the race.
Carson said he was 'disappointed' that Cruz would 'think so little of me' as to quit the race before the results had even been announced.
He added: 'To think that I would just walk away 10 minutes before the caucus and say, "forget about it you guys," 'Who would do something like that?'
In one of the first clashes of the evening, Ben Carson hit out at Ted Cruz for spreading rumors he was dropping out of the race, for which Cruz again apologized
Cruz then launched into a long and measured apology, in which he appeared to blame CNN's reporting for misleading his staffers, saying he personally had nothing to do with the message.
'Now at the time I was at the caucuses, I was getting ready to speak at the caucuses like Ben was, just like everyone else was, I knew nothing about this,' Cruz said tonight.
'A couple of hours later I found out about it, I was told Ben was unhappy, Cruz continued.
However, not wanting to let the issue lie, Carson responded: ''In fact the timeline indicates that initial tweet from CNN was followed by another one within one minute that clarified I was not dropping out, so what happened to that one, it is unclear.
'But the bottom line is, we can see what happened, everybody can see what happened and you can make your own judgement,' he concluded.
Christie vs Rubio: New Jersey governor accuses Florida senator of repeating soundbites rather than solving problems
Christie went on the attack over Rubio's less-than-stellar attendance record in Congress, over his lack of experience, and over his polished Washington image.
To wild applause he accused Rubio of 'memorizing 30 second speeches' instead of getting things done, saying 'the memorized 30-second speech doesn't solve one problem.'
Currently running in second place behind Trump after a third-place finish in Iowa, Rubio was expected to go all-out in this debate
Rubio, who performance was criticized for being robotic and repetitive, was taken to task by a combative Christie for delivering '30 second memorized speeches' rather than getting things done
Christie slapped him with the truancy charge and said that unlike his rival he's faced leadership challenges as a governor and tossed out super storm Sandy as an example.
Rubio, at the ready, reminded him that just last month as his state was about to be hit by a blizzard he was campaigning in New Hampshire.
'They had to shame you into going back,' Rubio told him. 'Then you stayed for 36 hours.'
Christie's comments were later echoed by Bush as Rubio was taken to task for repeating answers and coming across as robotic on a night when he was expected to come out swinging.
Bush vs Trump: The Donald is loudly booed after telling Bush to 'be quiet'
One of the most heated exchanges of the evening came from the long-running rivalry between Bush and Trump, as Bush accused Trump of manipulating laws to have an elderly woman evicted from her home in order to build a limousine parking lot for one of his casinos.
Perhaps sensing the blow was about to land, Trump cut across him angrily, accusing him of trying 'to be a tough guy' before literally telling him to 'shush'.
Bush again clashed with Trump this evening, with The Donald drawing prolonged boos from the crowd after shutting the former Florida governor down, then being booed again for lashing out at the audience
That gesture brought unusual boos against Trump, who then doubled-down by suggesting the crowd had been filled with donor angry that he had self-funded his campaign.
'You – let me talk. Let me talk. Quiet,' Trump told Bush, telling the enraged audience that Bush was trying 'to be a tough guy.'
'How tough it is to take away a property from an elderly woman?' Bush shot back.
Hearing more boos, Trump vented: 'That's all of his donors and special interests out there.
Following the debate, Trump's family (pictured Eric and Melania) were seen on stage supporting the businessman as they have done at his other rallies
Donald Trump waves to supporters in the crowd alongside wife Melania at tonight's Republican debate
Reporters were crowded into the same St. Anselm hockey rink that served as media central for a Democratic debate in December.
Google dressed up the Sullivan Arena with wall-length TV screens, broadcast facilities, a free espresso bar and three layers of carpeting to keep the frigid temperature at bay.
Outside, though, 30-degree temperatures and stiff breezes didn't slow down a few hundred GOP partisans who shouted slogans and waved signs outside the debate venue.
The most heavily represented candidate among the rally-goers – John Kasich – could make a surprise move in Tuesday's primary.
On Instagram, as in Lake Wobegon, everyone is above average.
Your college pal might be burned out at work and unlucky in love, yet her feed on the popular photo-sharing service is a parade of wondrous brunches, perfectly coifed pets and so many painterly sunsets you wonder if she's moonlighting as a Hollywood location scout.
The sense of jealousy that Instagrammatic perfection provokes has been so well-chronicled that it even has a name: Instagram Envy. Here's hoping the therapists of Park Slope and Noe Valley are prepared, because beginning this week, tech-savvy urban strivers are in for a shock. Soon everything on Instagram may look even more unrealistically amazing.
The service is rolling out a set of powerful new tools to let users quickly and easily enhance the images they post for others to cry over. Unlike the Polaroid-style photo filters that have been a hallmark of Instagram since it was founded in 2010, the new tools allow users to minutely customize a picture's brightness, contrast, highlights, shadows and several other imaging characteristics using intuitive on-screen controls.
I've been using Instagram's new editing tools — which are part of the new version of the app on iOS and Android — for the last few days, and I've found them to be terrific. They aren't technologically novel; many similar ways to enhance images have been around in desktop and mobile photo-editing apps for years. But Instagram's version of these tools is easier and more sophisticated than most others I've seen. In this way, they are an effort to stake out a more refined vision for the future of photography.
A Nationwide Directory Of Opossum Control Professionals Can Opossums Carry Rabies? All mammals can carry rabies. However, it's actually very rare for possums to carry the disease. This is party because opossums have a slightly below average body temperature, and the rabies virus can't thrive at this lower temp.
Click here for a nationwide list of 100's of professional opossum trappers serving all 50 states.
All wild animals come with a risk of disease, which is why you want to use extreme caution when dealing with anything, such as the lowly opossum, when it comes to into your yard or home. Of course, the last thing that you will want to happen is for your pet to become ill when coming into conflict with these wild creatures, and this is very much so the case with rabies – a disease that many wild animals can carry with them.
For the most part, you can protect your pets by having them vaccinated against rabies. However, this doesn't necessarily mean that you and the rest of your family are protected. Although the chance of an opossum having rabies is incredibly rare, it is still wise to approach or deal with these animals with extreme caution, not just because of the risk of disease, but also to avoid being bitten or scratched by the critter once it feels threatened and lashes out.
So, why is it incredibly rare for an opossum to have rabies? The answer lies within their internal body temperature. In this animal, the temperature is so low, usually around 94-97 degrees Fahrenheit that the rabies virus struggles to survive. This is what is thought to be the reason behind it anyway; scientists are apparently still studying this fact.
In short, although it is rare for your friendly neighborhood opossum would be running around with rabies, you still want to be careful and ensure that the kids stay away from wild animals, the pets are vaccinated and you avoid them coming into conflict with them, and at the same time, you take the necessary precautions to ensure that you are never putting yourself at risk of getting bitten, scratched or in contact with potentially dangerous diseases.
...read more
© 2002-2018 Wildlife-Removal.com - site content, photos, & maintenance by Wildlife Removal Animal Control, all rights reserved.
Washington: President Barack Obama says the United States will continue to "ratchet up the pressure" on Iran to reveal its nuclear intentions to the rest of the world.
In an interview broadcast Friday on CBS`s "The Early Show," Obama said "all the evidence" indicates that Tehran is trying to get a nuclear weapons capacity. With such a capability, Obama said that Iran could "destabilize" life in the Mideast and trigger an arms race in the region.
Obama said, "I think the idea here is to keep on turning up the pressure." He had said earlier this week he wanted new, stronger UN sanctions to be in place by late spring. The president also said he believes the country has become "further isolated" from the rest of the world since he took office.
Earlier, US President Barack Obama urged Chinese President Hu Jintao to work together on the Iranian nuclear standoff, the White House said, as Hu appealed for "healthy and stable" relations between the two nations.
Obama also welcomed Hu`s attendance at the international summit on nuclear security to be held in the US capital later this month, saying it would be an "important opportunity for them to address their shared interest in stopping nuclear proliferation and protecting against nuclear terrorism”.
Earlier on Thursday, the White House said it was pleased China agreed to join talks at the United Nations on toughening sanctions on Iran.
White House spokesman Bill Burton said the move proved that despite lingering "disagreements we can work together on issues like nuclear proliferation”.
The rare hour-long telephone conversation late Thursday between the leaders came as the powers seek to overcome deep strains in their ties on multiple fronts, included the valuation of Chinese currency, US arms sales to Taiwan and two countries` relationship over Tibet.
The pair discussed the importance of a "positive bilateral relationship”, the White House said in statement following the phone call from Air Force One.
Hu told Obama that both sides should "respect each other`s core interests and major concerns and properly handle differences and sensitive issues," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
He also called on the two nations to make "unremitting efforts towards cooperative, positive and comprehensive" ties, Bejiing said.
China has previously opposed the imposition of tough new UN sanctions on the Islamic republic, and said on Thursday it was working for a "peaceful resolution" of the Iranian nuclear standoff.
Iran, which sent its top nuclear negotiator to Beijing, described the talk of new international action as an empty threat.
The presence of Tehran`s chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili on a visit to Beijing meanwhile highlighted China`s role in the tense UN Security Council debate on Iran`s uranium enrichment.
The United States and its allies suspect the programme is part of a drive to develop a nuclear bomb, while Tehran insist its activities are geared toward a civilian energy program.
Obama said on Tuesday he wants a fourth round of UN sanctions agreed upon within weeks.
China, which has a close diplomatic and trade relationship with Iran, and is one of five veto-wielding members of the Security Council, has repeatedly called for a negotiated settlement rather than new punitive action.
Hu`s announced appearance at the nuclear security summit in Washington on April 12-13 and the lengthy conversation between him and Obama Thursday appeared to mark a slight easing of tensions after months of frayed relations between Washington and the rising Asian giant.
Chief among bilateral irritants is currency, with some 130 US lawmakers calling on Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to accuse China of manipulation of its yuan`s value for trade advantage -- and threatening legislation if he does not.
Tensions have risen on a number of other fronts, including the arms sales to Taiwan and Beijing`s angry protests earlier this year over Obama`s meeting with Tibet`s exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama.
Other disputes include human rights, climate change and Internet freedom after Google reported cyberattacks by China.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was earlier this week upbeat over the possibility of slapping new sanctions on Tehran, saying the P5+1 group -- permanent council members Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States, plus Germany -- "continues to be unified”.
"There will be a great deal of further consultation, not only among the P5+1, but with other members of the Security Council and other nations" in the coming weeks, Hillary said.
Bureau Report
Washington (CNN) -- President Obama's bipartisan meeting on health care reform planned for February 25 will be broadcast live, a senior administration official said Monday.
Coverage details were not complete, but the official said the White House expected "the whole thing to be live."
The half-day meeting is an attempt by the Obama administration to rescue health care legislation, a top domestic priority for the president. Televising it also would help fulfill a campaign promise by Obama that health care negotiations would be broadcast live.
On Tuesday, Obama will meet with Democratic and Republican leaders in the House and Senate for bipartisan talks that the president promised in his State of the Union address last month. Tuesday's meeting now will help prepare for the February 25 health care talks.
Republican leaders in Congress said they would welcome an opportunity to take part in drafting health care legislation, but they repeated their past calls for Obama and Democratic leaders to throw out separate health care bills already passed by the House and Senate in order to start over in a bipartisan effort.
Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona, the chamber's second-ranking Republican, said in a statement Monday that Obama's call for bipartisan health talks care was welcome "if the point is to listen to Republican ideas and really consider them."
"According to recent news reports, however, White House officials have made it clear 'that Obama does not intend to restart the health care legislative process from scratch' and 'that he's adamant about passing comprehensive reform similar to the bills passed by the House and Senate,' " Kyl's statement said.
"Such preconditions suggest the White House is not serious about genuine negotiations," it continued. "A large majority of the American people strongly oppose the Democrat's massive bill, and Republicans will not abandon them."
Top House GOP leaders sent a letter to Obama Monday asking who would be allowed to participate in the meeting. They warned that if "the starting point for this meeting is the bills the American people have already soundly rejected, Republicans would rightly be reluctant to participate."
"Bipartisanship," the GOP leadership argued, "is not writing proposals of your own behind closed doors, then unveiling them and demanding Republican support. Bipartisan ends require bipartisan means."
In a CBS interview broadcast nationally Sunday, Obama said: "What I'd like to do is have a meeting whereby I'm sitting with the Republicans, sitting with the Democrats, sitting with health care experts, and let's just go through these bills -- their ideas, our ideas -- let's walk through them in a methodical way so that the American people can see and compare what makes the most sense."
Obama first floated the idea of face-to-face, televised talks with Republicans to seek a health care compromise last week. In a speech Thursday at a fundraising crowd, he said that whatever legislation emerges from the talks should then go to Congress for a vote.
"If Congress decides we're not going to do it, even after all the facts are laid out, after all the options are clear, then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not," Obama said Thursday. "That's how democracy works."
The senior administration official said Obama was determined to keep pushing for a health care bill.
Obama will not "let this moment slip away," the official said. The president "hopes to have Republican support in doing so -- but he is going to move forward on health reform."
The planned talks with Republicans are the first clear strategy by Obama and Democrats on how to proceed on health care after losing their 60-seat supermajority in the Senate.
Republican Scott Brown was sworn in as the new U.S. senator from Massachusetts last week, leaving the Democrats one vote shy of being able to overcome GOP filibusters of health care reform and other major initiatives.
The House and Senate have passed separate health care bills supported by Democrats. Obama said last week that Democratic leaders were completing work on merging the two bills into a single Democratic proposal for the talks with Republicans.
In the interview Sunday with Katie Couric of CBS News, Obama said he planned to ask Republican leaders "to put their ideas on the table."
"What I want to do is look at the Republican ideas that are out there, and I want to be very specific," Obama said. "How do you guys want to lower costs? How do you guys intend to reform the insurance market so that people with pre-existing conditions, for example, can get health care? How do you want to make sure that the 30 million people who don't have health insurance can get it?
"If we can go step by step through a series of these issues and arrive at some agreements, then procedurally, there's no reason why we can't do it a lot faster than the process took last year," Obama said.
On Monday, Republican leadership aides said they were unaware of any formal invitation to the February 25 meeting.
The aides said they received notification before Obama's CBS interview yesterday that he was going to talk generally about inviting them for a bipartisan meeting on health care after next week's February congressional recess. However, the aides said they didn't get many specifics about the format or other details. That information came from media reports, the aides said.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, said in a statement that while Republicans "appreciate the opportunity to share ideas with the president," to reach a bipartisan consensus, "the White House can start by shelving the current health spending bill, and with it their goal of slashing a half trillion dollars from Medicare and raising a half trillion in new taxes."
"Setting these goals aside would be a sign that the administration and Democrats in Congress are listening to the country and are truly interested in a bipartisan approach," McConnell said.
On the House side, Minority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, said in a statement that he was "pleased that the White House finally seems interested in a real, bipartisan conversation on health care."
But Boehner added: "The problem with the Democrats' health care bills is not that the American people don't understand them; the American people do understand them, and they don't like them. The best way to start on real, bipartisan reform would be to scrap those bills and focus on the kind of step-by-step improvements that will lower health care costs and expand access."
Democratic leaders in Congress said they would continue pushing for health care reform.
"As we continue our work to fix our broken health care system, Senate Democrats will not relent on our commitment to protecting consumers from insurance company abuses, reducing health care costs, saving Medicare and cutting the deficit," Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, said in statement.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, noted Sunday that the health care bill passed by the House "included a number of Republican amendments -- added as the bill worked its way through three committees."
"We remain hopeful that the Republican leadership will work in a bipartisan fashion on the great challenges the American people face," Pelosi's statement said.
Republicans say the comprehensive Democratic health care bills would lead to a government takeover of health care. They call for smaller steps focused on individual issues, such as limiting medical malpractice lawsuits.
Democrats, however, say that spiraling health care costs that threaten the nation's future economic stability can be addressed only through comprehensive reform.
Obama said Thursday that a merged Democratic bill would expand coverage to 30 million Americans who lack health insurance while reducing long-term health care costs.
It would include an insurance exchange to allow people and small-business owners to pool resources to purchase coverage, Obama said, but he made no mention of a government-run public health insurance option that Republicans have rallied against.
Obama said the Democratic bill would include reforms that prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing medical conditions or capping lifetime benefits.
"And by the way, all of it is paid for," Obama said Thursday. "Not only is it deficit-neutral, but the Congressional Budget Office, which is the bipartisan office that is the scorekeeper for [how much] things cost in Congress, says it is going to reduce the costs by $1 trillion."
Obama called health care reform the "single best way to bring down our deficits," adding that "nobody has disputed that."
"Nobody can dispute the fact that if we don't tackle surging health care costs, then we can't control our budget," he said.
CNN's Ed Henry, Dana Bash, Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report.
The actor of "Frank" and "About Time" answered whatever offbeat questions he could about working on the anticipated J.J. Abrams installment.
Domhnall Gleeson can't say much about working on Star Wars: Episode VII.
"There's a guy in that window out there with a sniper rifle trained on you, and another one that's trained on me right now, and they can hear every word we're saying, and if you ask a question that disrespects the NDA, there's just going to be a 'poof'!" he told ComingSoon.net, as the outlet tried hard to get Gleeson to leak a secret or two about the anticipated J.J. Abrams installment while interviewing him about the offbeat rock band film Frank.
While Gleeson refused to comment on whether the cast and crew are required to wear shin guards after Harrison Ford's leg injury, he did note, "When you walk from your trailer to the set — you're in Pinewood Studios — you have to put on a big, black cloak thing to cover all of your clothes, like full length, 'cause they're worried about people seeing costumes and stuff. It's crazy."
Still, he's not necessarily anticipating a life-changing amount of fame, and laughed about the notion that he'll be turned into an action figure soon: "Just because I'm doing Star Wars doesn't mean that'll be the thing that makes people stop me in the street. Maybe they won't ever, so it'll be fine."
So who is guiding him through all the uncharted Star Wars territory? "No one can give me advice on Star Wars because nobody knows what I'm doing in Star Wars. The only advice I've gotten is from people like J.J., and that's always good advice!"
He was able to answer a question about the food on set, describing it as "excellent. Excellent food. Really really good. You can go really healthy and it'll still be tasty. ... Something like quinoa with chicken and stuff, but your whole meal will only be 500 calories, but it'll be really tasty and there won't be any crazy sauce or anything like that, but it's just really well seasoned and delicious."
Consumer groups cheered a Supreme Court decision in 2015 that upheld the use of a legal theory called disparate impact under the Fair Housing Act, though the court included some limits on its application. The theory says that business standards or practices can in some cases be considered discriminatory if certain groups are negatively impacted, even if unintentionally.
But with the change in administration and a focus on deregulation, the banking industry is looking for a swing back. The Justice Department “will be a lot more selective in the cases that they pursue, and it's unlikely they will get involved in cases unless there's out-and-out evidence of discrimination,” said Alan Kaplinsky, a partner specializing in consumer financial regulation at Ballard Spahr.
A spokesman for the Justice Department declined to comment on the agency's enforcement plans.
Stuart Rossman, director of litigation at the National Consumer Law Center, said that consumer advocates had been discussing the implications for enforcement of the country's fair lending laws since the November elections, when Republicans won the White House and secured both chambers of Congress.
“We are watching with great interest and concern,” he said.
Lisa Rice, executive vice president at the National Fair Housing Alliance, said that she had “measured hope” for the incoming administration. Attorney General Jeff Sessions “did say that he was going to vigorously enforce the law,” Ms. Rice said. “We will be holding his feet to the fire and we will be pushing and making sure that he lives up to the promise that he made during his confirmation process and that he fully enforces all of the components of the Fair Housing Act.”
For now, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau remains a bright spot for advocates. The agency has pursued a host of fair lending cases under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act since its founding in 2011, often in conjunction with the Justice Department. The bureau signaled in December that it would focus on redlining, unfair treatment in mortgage and student loan servicing and discrimination in small business lending this year. It said in April that it obtained $108 million from financial institutions for fair lending violations in 2015.
“In the coming years we will continue to build on our record of steady and vigorous enforcement of the fair lending laws,” Patrice Ficklin, head of the consumer agency's fair lending office, said in a statement. “Discrimination in mortgage lending continues to be a key priority, and we have focused in particular on redlining risk.”
Still, the fate of the consumer agency under the Trump administration is unknown. It is not clear whether its director, Richard Cordray, will be allowed to serve out the rest of his term, which expires next year, or whether lawmakers in Congress will succeed in replacing the single director with a commission or in limiting the agency's enforcement powers. If the bureau were to take a back seat on fair lending, observers predicted that individual states could move in to help fill the void.
Paul Manafort attended four lobbying meetings with members of Congress and Washington organizations while advising a pro-Russia Ukrainian political party, according to new disclosure forms filed to the Justice Department on Friday.
The meetings were revealed in an 87-page disclosure obtained by The Hill that was filed by public affairs firm Mercury. Those forms retroactively register the firm as a foreign agent for work it did years ago.
Vin Weber, a partner at Mercury and former Republican congressman, brought Manafort to meetings with members of Congress, including one with former Rep. Jim Kolbe of Arizona, a board member at the International Republican Institute, in December 2012. He also brought Manafort to a meeting with Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) in March 2013.
ADVERTISEMENT
The filings detail the work Mercury did for the European Centre for Modern Ukraine, a Brussels-based nonprofit, from 2012 to 2014. Manafort had referred the client to Mercury and another Washington firm, Podesta Group. The Podesta Group filed its own retroactive foreign lobbying disclosures earlier this month.
While the European Centre for Modern Ukraine's stated goals include creating closer ties between the West and Ukraine, it has ties to the pro-Russia Party of Regions in Ukraine, to which leader Viktor Yanukovych belonged before protests forced him out of the country.
It was known that Manafort introduced the Centre to K Street, and provided advice on Ukraine's politics, but the direct lobbying had not been previously reported. A spokesman for Manafort pushed back against the revelations
“One meeting with one lawmaker connected to this topic in a two year period looks like incidental contact to fair-minded Americans,” Jason Maloni told The Hill in an email. All the meetings, which also included former senior government officials at non-profits, happened on December 2012 or within March and April 2013.
Manafort, who advised the Party of Regions and Yanukovych for many years, later became President Trump's campaign chairman.
It's unclear how much the lobbying firms knew about Manafort's other clients.
“At that time, [Manafort] was widely recognized for his significant experience in Ukrainian politics and we felt his perspective would be meaningful in those few meetings,” Mercury partner Michael McKeon told The Hill in an email on Friday.
“That was the extent of his involvement with us,” he said.
The new disclosures are required under a law that was passed to combat Nazi propaganda during World War II, known as the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA). The disclosure requirements are more stringent than domestic lobbying forms and include more information, including details like itemized meetings and phone calls.
Also in the filing is a flyer that the firm distributed, touting reforms to the voting process in Ukraine to make it more "free, fair and transparent." For example, one new rule increased the vote threshold a party is required to have before they could be admitted to parliament from 3 percent to 5 percent. Another nixed the option to "vote against all" on the ballot.
The new standards, the flyer reads, are in compliance with international electoral standards.
During the contract with Mercury, Manafort also attended meetings with Paula Dobriansky, a former State Department official during the Bush administration, a senior fellow at Harvard's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, and Nadia Diuk, a vice president at the National Endowment for Democracy.
The disclosures also detail all the other contacts Mercury made on behalf of the Centre, including reaching out to dozens of news outlets and meeting with government officials, staffers and lawmakers on Capitol Hill, think tanks and nonprofit organizations.
Manafort never worked for Mercury and had his own firm at the time, DMP International.
The documents also bring to light details first uncovered by The Associated Press last August about what Manafort did to influence U.S. policy toward Ukraine and Russia.
His relationships with pro-Russia figures and work in the Trump campaign have been central to the controversy swirling around accusations that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election in Trump's favor.
Similar filings by Manafort could be forthcoming, his spokesman told The Hill earlier this month.
Even before the 2016 elections, Manafort “has been in discussions with federal authorities about the advisability of registering under FARA for some of his past political work,” said spokesman Jason Maloni.
“Mr. Manafort received formal guidance recently from the authorities and he is taking appropriate steps in response to the guidance.”
Violating FARA is considered a felony, though only a handful of prosecutions has been pursued since the law's formation. It is considered a compliance-based statute, so even filling out registration paperwork late can get firms and individuals out of trouble with the Justice Department. FARA is more broad than the LDA, and covers consulting and public relations efforts, in addition to traditional lobbying.
Mercury and the Podesta Group had been registered for the Centre under the Lobbying Disclosure Act, which dictates domestic lobbying disclosure. The two firms made a total of $2.2 million during the two years of work.
Both firms had signed statements from the Centre, saying that it received no funds or support from a foreign government or party — something lawyers advised the firms would preclude them from registering under FARA.
However, following a series of AP reports that included details about how Manafort and his associate Rick Gates directed strategy while operating as advisers for the Party of Regions, the firms have decided to register with the Justice Department retroactively.
Updated at 5:55 p.m.
In Charlotte, a Busy Highway May is No Place for Rapid Transit
» A recommendation from the Urban Land Institute suggests pulling a proposed rail line out of a highway and onto a neighborhood street.
Take one trip on the Dan Ryan branch of Chicago's Red Line and you'll be convinced of the perils of locating transit stations in the medians of fast-moving expressways. Getting to stops is hard enough: It usually requires crossing first a huge intersection featuring cars hopping on and off the freeway; then, on too small of a sidewalk you're required to bridge over several lanes of rushing traffic below. Once you're finally on the platform, though, the situation may be worse: Cars are whizzing by at high speeds — producing tremendous noise and emitting nauseating pollutants — on both sides of the track. It's certainly not a welcoming experience.
Fundamentally, standing there at a station waiting for a train makes you feel like you are a second-class citizen — at least in comparison to those speeding past in their private vehicles. And any pedestrian-oriented development generation transit investments sometimes attract is quickly turned away by these highway-adjacent locations, as illustrated by the prominent siting of a gas dispensary nearest to the station in the photograph above. Thus for cities hoping to attract increasing patronage and denser land uses, repeating station design examples such as those found in some parts of the Windy City should be a no-go.
From this perspective, the recommendations provided by the Urban Land Institute's (ULI) Daniel Rose Center this week to the City of Charlotte were enlightening. Selected by the national organization for special study this year, Charlotte's civic community was offered a number of suggestions for the renovation and widening of Independence Boulevard, which stretches southeast from the city's downtown. Rather than extend a light rail line or a busway down the road's median, as current local transit plans promote, the study group argued that an investment in streetcar lines paralleling the route on two much smaller streets would be more effective in encouraging transit-oriented development and refurbishing the city's southeast side — its least affluent. The streetcar routes would extend into downtown and use the 1.5-mile starter corridor on Trade Street that received funding from the federal government and which is expected to open in 2015.
Public transportation offerings on the highway would be reserved for long-distance service in the form of express buses, not the sort of inner-city mobility provided by light rail or bus rapid transit.
The transit line that would, and could still, run down Independence Boulevard — the 13.5-mile Silver Line — has been identified as a bus rapid transit corridor, though community residents have argued that they deserve light rail service similar to that currently provided on the Blue Line, which opened in 2007. Decisions on mode have been delayed repeatedly because of a lack of funding for the project and a focus on extending that rail line to the northeast, though even that project is being cut short thanks to budget shortfalls.
The basic assertions of the ULI group are sound from the viewpoint of urban design. By building new streetcar lines north of the freeway on Central Avenue (already being planned by the city, albeit without funding) and south of the freeway on Monroe Road, the fixed transit service would reach into the core of the neighborhoods they are meant to serve, rather than their peripheries, as would be the case if the bus or rail were concentrated on Independence Boulevard. This would, in turn, encourage automobile-oriented uses to stay in their place — near the highway — and encourage pedestrian uses on the much smaller roads where the trains would run. If the highway is a permanent feature on the cityscape, it is not necessarily one that should be attracting walkers, the primary users of any transit system.
As journalist Mary Newsom has written, Independence Boulevard's urban form does not jive with the smart growth principles that are implicit in the theory behind the construction of new transit lines. When it was built, she writes, the highway “Celebrated auto-oriented suburbia, the “progressive” thinking of its time. Today, as cities spend millions to retrofit auto-only areas for transit and pedestrians, Independence survives as a fading tribute to a theory of city building that didn't work. It's lined with deteriorating strip development, its traffic still a reviled snarl.” This is no place around which to articulate a new vision for the metropolis.
Stations along the Blue Line light rail corridor, which is located in a railroad right-of-way running directly through several of the city's denser neighborhoods south of downtown, have been surrounded with hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of new residential and commercial construction since the rail line opened. The Silver Line, running in the middle of the freeway, would not repeat that story — but more civilized and appropriately placed streetcar routes could.
It would be inappropriate to discuss this issue without noting that an added advantage of the streetcar investment is that it would be less expensive than a full-scale bus rapid transit line in the center of the freeway (which, in turn, would be cheaper than a light rail line down the highway). The relatively inexpensive nature of the streetcar, though, is also its downfall: This transportation mode rarely includes dedicated lanes and thus vehicles crawl down the street. Streetcars are not rapid transit.
Yet this may be a compromise worth accepting in Charlotte. Is a fast bus rapid transit line acceptable if it forces its passengers to adapt to dehumanizing conditions? Or is a slow streetcar that can be designed in harmony with a pedestrian streetfront a better deal for the city's future?
Image above: Chicago Red Line 63rd Street Station, from Flickr user Zol87 (cc)
In the latest issue of American Atheist magazine I wrote a piece for my Danthropology column titled, Preferring Fear to Understanding, in which I dissect the weekly reviews of the latest installment of the Cosmos series that was hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson, by Ken Ham's Answers in Genesis and by the intelligent design lobbyists, The Discovery Institute.
During the Cosmos series I was doing a weekly piece at AlterNet.org in which I followed these “reviews” of each episode and picked apart these creationist groups inability to understand scientific concepts. These two groups of course saw each episode as a direct attack on their fringe version of Christianity.
Well it seems Ken Ham got his hands on a copy of American Atheist magazine and was not exactly pleased with piece that focused on David Klinghoffer's decision not to show his son one of the episodes called, The Immortals, because of how it handled Biblical fiction.
This episode begins focusing on the written word and discusses The Epic of Gilgamesh, in which a man rescues animals on a great boat from extinction in a great flood. Sound familiar?
I wrote in the magazine:
In the episode entitled “The Immortals,” Tyson explains the origins of the human drive to tell and then later write stories. He recounts the Epic of Gilgamesh, the tale of a man who built a massive ark to protect two of every kind of animal from an impending flood. The flood ends when a dove is released from the ark and returns with a branch in its beak. Anyone familiar with Judeo-Christian myth knows that this is also the story of Noah's Ark. The only difference is that the Epic of Gilgamesh is thousands of years older than the Noah story.
Ham writes of my comparison of the two stories:
Now, obviously atheists don't believe the Bible's account of Noah's Flood, but to equate the biblical account with the Gilgamesh epic displays an ignorance of both. For example, the animal-gathering activities in the Gilgamesh flood legend were quite vague. The Gilgamesh story doesn't refer to pairs of animals or the reason for gathering them. But God's Word makes it clear that God sent a worldwide Flood as a judgment for the overwhelming, widespread wickedness of that time. But in grace, God spared Noah's family and representatives of all the kinds of air-breathing land animals to repopulate the earth.
So the authors and storytellers of the Noah's Ark version were slightly more elaborate, so obviously their story is true, while they one they ripped off is not. Obviously. Right?
Ham then looks at my criticism of Klinghoffer:
The author of the American Atheist article, Dan Arel [hey that's me!], then accuses Discovery Institute's David Klinghoffer of lacking confidence in the Bible because he chose not to show this particular portion of the Cosmos series to his child.
At this point Ham applauds Klinghoffers decision to keep his child ignorant of scientific truths:
We applaud the approach David Klinghoffer has taken in using material like Cosmos as a tool to teach both biblical and scientific discernment. He did not simply abandon his child to be taught by the television and Tyson but rather guided him through the maze of observational science and evolutionary claims that are so interwoven in most Cosmos episodes.
No, he did not abandon his child to be taught in front of a television, and no one should do this, but he did abandon his child intellectually by forcing him to miss an episode that explains how written word and stories came to be and to have an understanding that you can question a 2000 year old book full of plagiarized stories. He stole a chance to teach critical thinking to his child and chose to keep him cloaked in the dark for his own selfish and ignorant reasons.
Ham then employs some really skillful circular reasoning to prove the flood happened. How does he know the flood happened? The Bible says so!
Now, Tyson, like the American Atheist, asserts that because the distorted flood story in the Epic of Gilgamesh was written down earlier than the Mosaic account, it was the source of the Old Testament account. However, the shared source was the historical global Flood—not a shared piece of literature. Moses, inspired by God (2 Peter 1:21), wrote down the authentic account of the Flood, as preserved in the book of Genesis.
Oh well, if the Bible says it's true, well by-golly it must be true.
Here, in the article I wrote, I explain why letting your children watch such programming is important:
“As Tyson brings science into our living rooms, he is talking to the very children who . . . will go on to make discoveries that will forever change and enhance our understanding of the world.”
To which Ham replies:
Both evolutionists and Bible-believers wish to influence children. But biblical young-earth creationists want children to grow up trusting the Creator of the universe who loves them and understanding that, using science, they study what God made.
Sorry Ham, that is not using science. You cannot start with an answer that “God did it” and use science to study it. You have to do the opposite, but of course this is the last thing you want because you know anyone with an actual scientific understanding of the universe can see why naturalism is true and that your idea of a God is downright useless.
This is basically where Ham's argument ends because the rest of the article he wrote is trying to sell you a book about questioning the Cosmos, a book written by one of the most incompetent “scientists” on staff at AiG, Elizabeth Mitchell.
Ham ends by saying:
Contrary to the atheist author's claims, neither the online reviews nor these discussion guides debunk the science in the episode—at least not the observational science!
That right there is the glaring ignorance and lie being sold to his readers, the idea that there is observational and historical science. The same argument Ham used and failed to implement in his debate against Bill Nye.
It was a nice effort Ken, but you and Klinghoffer are a danger to a child education and shielding ones child from an education is intellectual child abuse. You should both be ashamed.
Captain material: Mourinho has been delighted with Cesc Fabregas' form and attitude (Picture: Getty)
Jose Mourinho has added insult to injury for Arsenal fans after hinting that their former captain Cesc Fabregas could wear the armband for rivals Chelsea.
The Spaniard has been in magnificent form for the Blues since his summer arrival from Barcelona, propelling them to the top of the Premier League and him to the forefront of Mourinho's thinking when it comes to picking John Terry's heir.
The Portuguese manager has been equally impressed with the 27-year-old's attitude, and said in an interview with ITV that he gets why the midfielder was made Arsenal captain at a young age.
‘He [Fabregas] is a better guy than I thought', he said.
‘He's a fantastic guy, he's a fantastic professional.
‘Now I understand why at the age of 19 or 20 or 21 he was Arsenal captain.'
Passing the baton: Fabregas could take over from John Terry as Chelsea captain (Picture: Getty)
Terry played his 500th game as Chelsea captain in their 2-1 win at Crystal Palace, but the 33-year-old will have to relinquish the armband in the not too distant future, and Mourinho hinted – albeit in typically cryptic fashion – that Fabregas could be the centre-back's successor.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘When I am the manager at Chelsea the armband will go to another arm that has been in this club for many many years,' he said.
‘But one thing is [the leader's] brain needs to be connected with the manager, and his brain is connected to mine during matches.'
The Spanish international did no harm to his chances in Chelsea's Champions League clash with SK Maribor by notching his ninth assist in all competitions as the Blues triumphed 6-0.
MORE: Chelsea are ‘another biscuit' – Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal fires bizarre warning ahead of weekend clash
Cara Labus, 30, is currently employed at Hufford Junior High School in Joliet. She is charged with four counts of Aggravated Criminal Sexual Abuse.
A southwest suburban junior high school teacher and basketball coach has been charged for allegedly sexually abusing two students.
Cara Labus, 30, allegedly sexually abused a 14-year-old and 16-year-old over the course of two years, Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez reported.
Labus met the teens while employed at Jerling Junior High School in Orland Park. She then began to engage in various sex acts with both students continually from the years of 2008 to 2011, according to prosecutors.
After the victims graduated – who were 14 and 16 years old at the time the abuse began – Labus continued to pursue a relationship and engage in sexual activity with them, prosecutors claim.
The pattern of abuse was not discovered until the summer of 2014 when one victim told a friend, prosecutors said. The same victim filed a police report in December 2014.
Police said the other victim soon after confronted the first victim regarding their shared experiences.
In a Friday court hearing Cook County Judge Kerry Kennedy ordered Labus to wear an electronic home monitoring system until her sentencing.
Until then she is prohibited from having unsupervised contact with anyone under the age of 18, police said.
Labus is currently employed at Hufford Junior High School in Joliet. She was arrested by Orland Park Police Jan. 21. She is charged with four counts of Aggravated Criminal Sexual Abuse.
A spokesperson for Joliet Public Schools told NBC Chicago Labus has been suspended from her position and will not be permitted back to the school "indefinitely."
Labus' bond is set at $150,000. Her next court date is Feb 23.
WHITEFORD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Monroe County Sheriff Dale Malone has canceled an Amber Alert for an 11-year-old boy who walked away from church service Sunday afternoon in Whiteford Township.
Alan Mack, of Holland, Ohio, was found in Toledo by a person who saw the Amber Alert
Mack walked away from The True Church of God of The Apostolic Faith Church located at 5460 State Line Road at 12:10 p.m. Witnesses last saw the boy walking southbound on Huntington Road, south of State Line Road in Sylvania Township, Ohio.
Another witness saw the boy walking southbound on Whiteford Road, south of State Line Road, also in Sylvania Township, Ohio.
Alan is about 5 feet tall and weighs about 90 pounds. He was last seen wearing a tan coat (pictured below), gray T-shirt, black/gray jeans and black high top Nike tennis shoes.
Alan is diagnosed with Autism. Police do not suspect suspicious circumstances surrounding his disappearance. The Amber Alert was issued for safety issues.
Anyone who sees Alan Mack is asked to call 911 or Monroe County Central Dispatch at 734-243-7070.
Copyright 2015 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Oil has fallen below $30 per barrel. The decline in oil prices that alarmed the world when it began in 2014 has lasted much longer than expected. Natural gas, steel, copper, and other commodities are also seeing their prices fall. Economists are becoming alarmed as all the signs indicating some kind of pending recession are appearing.
US media would have us believe that the “Chinese Slowdown” is solely responsible for this looming escalation of the economic crisis. However, it is widely acknowledged that the low oil prices are quite costly for the global economy and that this prolonged, artificial deflation is getting more and more dangerous. The price drop is intentionally planned and being carried out for specific purposes. For very selfish reasons, the House of Rockefeller is playing with fire, and threatening to burn the entire global economy to the ground.
Securing the Power of Exxon-Mobile
The Rockfellers are one of the most powerful families in the United States, and have been for a long time. Their history can be traced back to the 19th century and the rise of a corporation called Standard Oil. Today, their power can be found in the world's largest oil corporation, Exxon-Mobile. Exxon-Mobile, a direct descendant of John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil, is the fifth-largest corporation in the entire world.
Long ago, when the Rockefellers were rising to power, their favorite tactic for beating out their competitors was price manipulation. In the 1800s, the Rockefellers would lower their prices and flood the markets with cheap oil. Once their opponents went under, they would raise their prices back up, and make bigger profits than ever. This method for centralizing economic power was developed almost into a science by John D. Rockefeller and his minions. Eventually, Standard Oil was targeted by Theodore Roosevelt with his famous “trust-busting” reforms.
In more recent decades, the Rockefellers have distinguished themselves among the US power elite by being visibly political. The Council on Foreign Relations, the highly secretive think tank in which US foreign policy is discussed and established, is almost completely funded by Rockefeller and Ford Foundation money. Rockefeller money is behind the Asia Society, the Open Society Foundations, and many other key voices in US political discourse.
While the Rockefellers are among the richest people on earth, their wealth does not translate to conservative politics as some might naively assume. Since the end of the Second World War, the Rockefellers have been liberals. Inscriptions honoring the Rockefellers can be found inside Riverside Church, a New York City religious institution associated with anti-war and civil rights activism.
MSNBC, the US television network that promotes the liberal politics of Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes, as well as the pro-Democratic Party comedy sketches of Saturday Night Live, broadcasts from inside Manhattan's Rockefeller Center. The National Broadcasting Company (NBC) media conglomerate was created by General Electric, one of the biggest military contractors. GE is also part of the Rockefeller empire.
The Rockefeller family is known for promoting reproductive choice, as well as LGBTQ rights. They are closely linked to the Democratic Party. The land on which the United Nations headquarters was constructed was once the property of the Rockefeller family, given as a personal donation.
The powerful family's ownership of Exxon-Mobile cannot be separated from their strategic political alliances. Barack Obama's administration and the Democratic Party have been faithful economic and political servants of the Rockefeller dynasty. The money behind the primary opponents of the Democrats on the political stage comes from Exxon-Mobile's primary competitor. MSNBC's obsession with demonizing the “Koch Brothers” as the incarnation of modern political evil isn't simply about politics. Behind the politics is a classic market rivalry between Exxon-Mobile and Koch Industries.
The Rockefeller-CIA Oil Scheme
Three countries which are major opponents of the United States on the geopolitical stage — Russia, Venezuela, and Iran — are also oil exporters and major competitors with US oil corporations. All three of these countries have independent economies centered around government-owned natural resources. Each of these countries are also suffering serious consequences from the oil-price drop.
In Venezuela, the right-wing opposition — funded by Rockefeller- and Ford Foundation-linked NGOs — won control of the parliament in the 2015 December elections. The Bolivarian movement, led by the United Socialist Party and Nicolas Maduro, rose to power by utilizing the oil proceeds to fund housing, education, medical care, and community-controlled media. The oil price drop has caused these forces tremendous problems, and weakened the social programs.
The economic problems created by US sanctions against the Islamic Republic of Iran were intensified by the oil-price drop. Difficult economic circumstances swayed Iranian public opinion, strengthening President Hassan Rouhani and the forces calling themselves the “reformist movement.” The oil-price drop was a significant factor in bringing about the P5+1 nuclear conclusion, in which two-thirds of Iran's peaceful nuclear energy program was dismantled.
Russia has been forced to cut its domestic budget. The spending of government money made Vladimir Putin very popular. Government-owned oil and natural gas allowed Russia to reboot its economy following the disastrous period of the 1990s.
The Rockefellers and their friends at the Council on Foreign Relations have determined that keeping oil prices low serves long-term US foreign policy objectives — i.e., keeping Wall Street at the center of the global economy.
So, how is the oil-price drop being carried out? What is causing the prices to go down? Innovations in technology, such as hydraulic fracking and new drilling methods, have certainly played a role. However, the primary reason for the extreme drop has been the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The repressive, human-rights-violating Saudi monarchy continues to pour tens of millions of barrels of oil onto the international market every day. Despite losing billions of dollars and experiencing an escalating internal crisis, the Saudi regime continues to expand its oil production apparatus. Saudi Arabia executed 47 people on January 1, indicating that its internal problems are getting larger.
The reason for Saudi Arabia's indulgence in self-destructive economic policies is merely obedience. Saudi oil is the de facto property of Wall Street. Saudi Arabia has the fourth-largest military budget of any country in the world, purchasing weapons almost exclusively from the United States. The Kingdom serves as a Middle Eastern extension of major US oil and military corporations. The Saudi regime is flooding the market, losing money, and wrecking their country, because the bosses at Exxon-Mobile, i.e., the Rockefeller family, are ordering it.
Trump and the Koch Opposition
The oil-price drop does not only serve geopolitical ends. There is a domestic side to it as well. The invention of hydraulic fracking and the rise of domestic oil production in the United States have both brought all kinds of strength to Rockefeller's competitors. The Koch Brothers emerged stronger than ever, along with a slew of smaller oil tycoons, who lack the kind of longstanding and entrenched influence wielded by the Rockefeller dynasty.
US Congress has lifted the 1973 oil export ban and these domestic competitors can now export on the international markets. It should be no surprise that the Keystone Pipeline, and “Drill, baby, drill!” have become rallying cries of Republican politics. “Drill, baby, drill!” means breaking the power of the Rockefellers and strengthening Koch Industries, along with a whole crew of nouveau riche grouped around them, wanting a bigger chunk of the oil profits.
The Rockefellers are hoping that the oil-price drop can not only defeat the emerging anti-capitalist bloc around the world, but also their domestic competitors. This strategy is working out as well. Houston, a political headquarters for the Koch insurgency, is having a housing crisis because of the oil-price drop. A recent article in the Wall Street Journal highlighted how a town in Montana called Williston, booming a few years ago with new oil, has also been devastated.
Now that the more ideologically right-wing Tea Party has run its course, the Koch Brothers have put up Donald Trump as their strongman against the Rockefeller establishment. As Trump preaches hate for immigrants and Muslims, beating his chest with a false “everyman” populism, he is attempting to build a political army. The hope is not so much to capture the presidency but to strong-arm the Ford Foundation and the Rockefeller think tanks away from their monopoly on setting policy. The reason Trump strays from the standard US foreign policy script, seeming friendlier to Russia and more critical of Saudi Arabia, is because he represents Wall Street opposition to Rockefeller dominance. Different strategies in relation to oil-exporting countries are not completely off-limits.
In addition to market rivalries, there has been a long history of tension between the CIA and the Pentagon. The CIA leadership is trained at places like Harvard and Yale, carefully studying the art of how to achieve long-term geopolitical goals. The military brass, on the other hand, is trained only in the hard science of blowing things up. Not surprisingly, the two groups frequently come into conflict with each other. The Rockefellers, with their Council on Foreign Relations and alliance with George Soros, have always been closer to the CIA and the Democrats. The military lines up consistently with the Republicans.
On the global stage, the Rockefellers hope to gradually cash-starve opponents of US power, while fomenting “color revolution”-style internal crises. On the other side of things, Donald Trump talks about “bombing the hell” out of Iraq, and his followers have much more enthusiasm for direct military attacks on defiant countries. The tense standoff surrounding the P5+1 nuclear deal was a manifestation of these strategic differences.
The Agony of Capitalist Crisis
As the Rockfellers and Obama Administration continue to wage economic war against Russia, Venezuela, and Iran — while at the same time trying to economically weaken Koch Industries and secure the power of the oil monopolies — the global economy is headed for catastrophe. The Saudis are obediently churning out oil, and prices in other sectors like natural gas are following close behind. Investor confidence is dropping and the expected panic is setting in.
As things spiral downward, Donald Trump and the Koch Brothers are attempting to utilize the ideological right wing. The obsessively pro-Israel, anti-Islamic and anti-immigrant sectors of the US working class, primarily found among the dispossessed whites of the south and rural areas, are seen as a potential political goon squad.
Meanwhile, the left is being politically re-shuffled as radical ideas reemerge in US discourse. Rockefeller money is deployed to control and direct the re-energized (but completely confused) US left. The Ford Foundation has staged entire conferences against police brutality, hoping to point “Black Lives Matter” away from a confrontation with the US political establishment. The talking heads on MSNBC are working very hard to push the millions of Americans who now identify themselves as “socialists” away from militant labor activism, and toward campaigning for the Democratic Party. The Rockefellers have given up on trying to suppress basic anti-capitalist sentiments, and instead are hoping to redefine socialism with classless phrases like “a government that works for everyone.”
The younger generation of Americans, who are statistically much more left-wing, are the target audience of the Rockefeller political machine. The goal is for the former chaos-loving residents of Zuccotti Park to become disciplined foot soldiers against the Kochs. The last thing that the owners of Exxon-Mobile want is an upsurge of militant street fighters. They don't want the radicalism of the 1960s Revolutionary Youth Movement or the 1930s Young Communist League. They want obedient functionaries who study Saul Alinsky.
Behind all of this is an almost unresolvable economic problem. The computer revolution has made it cheaper and easier than ever to produce things, and now millions of people have no place in the world economy. The world market is full of commodities, cheaply produced by machines. These products cannot be purchased by the increasingly impoverished people of the world who no longer have a place at the assembly line.
In a crisis of mass migration, the people who the system no longer has a place for have fled from Africa, Latin America, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia. Within the United States and Western Europe, the standard of living is dropping and the next generation is adjusting to a low-wage economy.
With Russia and China as the lynchpin, a new bloc of state-controlled, centrally planned economies has emerged, carving out an alternative in the world economy. Global events continue to reinforce the notion that western neoliberal capitalism is not the end of history.
The financial system, based on usury and exploitation, that has ruled the world for over 500 years, is in a long, deep crisis. Within the power structure, different factions are scrambling to save it, as alternatives to it are becoming more attractive to the dispossessed. Different strategies to defeat the rising global opposition are being utilized. Gradually, police state repression and militarism are beginning to replace the “democracy” and “human rights” western societies have often bragged about.
Everywhere the stakes are getting higher, and there is rising danger of greater catastrophe. The global stage of the 21st century is gearing up to unleash world-shaking surprises.
Caleb Maupin is a political analyst and activist based in New York. He studied political science at Baldwin-Wallace College and was inspired and involved in the Occupy Wall Street movement, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook”.
Alabama House member says only way to achieve civil rights progress in her state is through courts.
Alabama state Rep. Patricia Todd, a Democrat from Birmingham and the Alabama's first openly gay lawmaker, speaks in 2009 at a Vigil for Victims of Hate and Violence at the state capitol in Montgomery. (Photo11: Lloyd Gallman, The Montgomery, Ala., Advertiser) Story Highlights Patricia Todd plans to marry her partner Sept. 14 in Massachusetts
She and her partner likely will use that legal action to challenge a denial of benefits in Alabama
The couple and their lawyer are weighing options
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — The first openly gay lawmaker in Alabama history said she plans to challenge the state's constitutional ban on same-sex marriage.
"The reality is, unfortunately in Alabama, the only way we ever progress any civil rights in this state is through a court decision," said Rep. Patricia Todd, a Democrat from Birmingham, Ala. "This is no different. We will have to use that process and move forward."
ANALYSIS: After the rulings, more battles loom
STORY: Gay marriage opponents turn to states
Todd, who plans to marry her partner Sept. 14 in Massachusetts, said she expects a number of lawsuits in states where gay marriage is banned. Excluding California, whose constitutional amendment prohibiting same-sex marriage was overturned as a result of a Supreme Court decision Wednesday, 29 states, including Alabama, have banned same-sex marriage in their constitutions. Five other states have laws prohibiting it.
"The court really did open it up for us to have legal standing to challenge these," she said.
But House Speaker Mike Hubbard, a Republican from Auburn, Ala., disagrees.
"The Supreme Court rulings on the federal Defense of Marriage Act and California's Proposition 8 do not in any way impact the gay marriage prohibition that Alabama voters overwhelmingly approved in 2006," Hubbard said in a statement. "As long as I am speaker of the House, I will continue working to ensure that the laws on our books reflect the conservative principles and moral beliefs that the majority of Alabamians embrace."
Todd, a Kentucky native first elected to her Alabama House seat in 2006, said she did not know how she and her partner, Jennifer Clarke, will proceed legally. The couple's lawyer, Joel Dillard, is reviewing the court decisions, and they will meet to discuss options.
Someone would have to apply for something — dealing with an issue such as taxes, an estate or health insurance coverage — and be denied to move forward with a legal issue, she said.
Bill Armistead, the chairman of the Alabama Republican Party, called the Supreme Court rulings disturbing. He said the Bible is clear on gay marriage and said the ruling was "an affront to the Christian principles that this nation was founded on."
“It always comes with a struggle and with people saying the world is going to end. This will be no different.” Rep. Patricia Todd, a Democrat from Birmingham, Ala.
"The federal government is hijacking marriage, a uniquely religious institution, and they must be stopped," he said.
The high court ruled in favor of gay-rights advocates in two high-profile cases, one striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act and the other letting stand an appeals court decision nullifying California's constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.
The party chairman said that "U.S. taxpayers should not be forced by their government to reward those who choose to engage in activity that had been banned in 35 states."
"Alabama's state law banning gay marriage will prevent these benefits from being extended in Alabama, but our tax dollars will still go to support a lifestyle that we fundamentally disagree with," Armistead said.
The Alabama Legislature passed a ban on same-sex marriage in 1998. In 2006, 81% of Alabama voters approved a constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage.
Longtime Democratic state Rep. Alvin Holmes of Montgomery, who has repeatedly introduced legislation that would add crimes against people based on their sexual orientation to state hate crime laws, said he would support Todd and any legislative pushes to end the state's prohibition.
INTERACTIVE: Same-sex marriage gains support
STORY: Ruling ignites Colo. action to overturn gay marriage ban
"I think a person has a right to marry whoever they want ... and not be regulated by state government," he said. He believes Alabama's ban is unconstitutional and violates the equal protection clause in the 14th Amendment to the federal Constitution.
Todd, who first was elected in a predominantly black district in Birmingham in 2006, said she would expect most of her Republican and some of her Democratic colleagues to disagree with her effort.
She said their beliefs, which she said are generally based on their biblical interpretation of marriage, "does not make them bad people. We just have a difference of opinion."When asked how realistic it is that one day her marriage would be recognized in Alabama, Todd said "I have all of the confidence in the world now."
At 57, she said she has seen a lot of social change in her lifetime.
"It always comes with a struggle and with people saying the world is going to end. This will be no different," Todd said. "But if you had told me five years ago we would have won this decision at this time, I would have never believed it."
Contributing: Brian Lyman, The Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/12nkGnw
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
According to Kaitlyn it was the parents of her girlfriend that filed criminal charges, unhappy either that their daughter was in a lesbian relationship or that they hadn't done anything to make themselves internationally reviled lately. Also according to Kaitlyn, her girlfriend's parents are very religious and feel being gay is a sin, one that apparently Kaitlyn slipped into their daughter's apple juice or some such. Whatever the case, a judge initially ruled that Kaitlyn was free to stay in classes and the school supported her. Then the school board decided nah, let's be dicks, and they kicked her out. Why? Please refer back to the dick comment.
Comstock Images/Comstock/Getty Images
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I'm such a dick I shrink when I go swimming.
UPDATE: In a fun twist of events, turns out I'm full of shit, almost completely unintentionally. While many commenters disagreed with me in principal on this(I still think 2 highschool kids boning is pretty normal, even if one unfortunately is a couple years older than the other), a few of you actually know facts and shit and that's awesome. I was directed to some sites which illuminate this tale a little more, including the info that Kate had been 18 when the girls met (the story I read originally said 17), they'd had sex several times (or engaged in various, nefarious in-school pokings around) and that the 14 year old girl's parents didn't wait for shit, they tried to stop the relationship as soon as they found out about it. Well don't I feel like a douche?
Looks like most of the media reports were based on what Kate and her family had to say rather than using, ya know, facts and stuff. And I fell for the oldest trick in the book, believing shit in the media. Oh man, what a rube. So given what I know now I can say this is the story of an 18 year old woman who had a sexual relationship with a 14 year old girl. She was asked to stop multiple times and the 14 year old even an away to be with her at one point. Eventually the 14 year old's parents took legal action.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As near as I can tell, Kate was being allowed to go to school despite all this but at some point the school changed their mind citing a breach of the school code of conduct. Probably because the school doesn't support statutory rape, which we should get behind because it's a decent reason for expulsion and if they had said that from the get go, well the, wouldn't that have been something?
One of the most dangerous drugs on the streets is among more than a dozen pounds of narcotics Greenville County, South Carolina deputies found being transported on the interstate.
Sheriff Will Lewis held a press conference at 2:30 p.m. on Friday to discuss busts made by the county's new interdiction team. Since February the four-deputy team has been working full-time to seize illegal drugs, guns, stolen cars and traveling fugitives on the county's interstates.
WOMAN CARJACKED WHILE HELPING CRASH VICTIMS IN FLORIDA
Last week, Lewis said in four different traffic stops, the team seized more than 17 pounds of heroin, over a pound of "gray death," 220 grams of methamphetamine and three ounces of marijuana.
Gray death, a nickname for a drug cocktail often made of fentanyl and the buffalo tranquilizer carfentanil, can be cut with heroin. The mixture, which Lewis described as looking as concrete mix, is extremely lethal and can be deadly through skin contact.
Lewis said 0.2 milligrams of gray death can kill. The drug was located after a K-9 alerted on a bus which was stopped.
He said deputies risk accidental exposure to the deadly substance during traffic stops and in order to prevent exposure, a laser scanner is used to test gray death.
"People just don't even know about this yet," Lewis said. "The word is not even out."
He also said they are working with veterinarians to determine how to protect K-9 units from exposure, saying the department would never knowingly put a K-9 in contact with a fentanyl-based substance.
The heroin seized was found after a traffic stop for failure to maintain lane. Lewis described the amount as "California numbers" and said the quantity is not something seen often in the state.
"It's almost unfathomable," Lewis said. "I've never heard - in my entire time in narcotics, my entire time in the DEA task force - I've never heard of a 17 and a half pound seizure in South Carolina, ever."
The wholesale value of the drugs is estimated at more than $545,000. Street value can be up to 70 percent higher.
Read more at Fox Carolina.
Salt Lake City, Utah (CNN) -- For Art and Jaynie Brown, the anti-alcohol crusade began with a late-night phone call a decade ago.
"From my daughter," Art Brown explained at his Salt Lake City home. "And she simply said, 'Dad, we've been in a very serious accident.' "
The Browns rushed to the hospital where their grandchildren were taken after the crash. One of the boys was seriously injured; the other was in more dire condition.
"I guess the most poignant time in my life was when I had to watch my daughter and my son-in-law pull life support off that baby," Brown said. "Twenty-four hours before, it was a loving family."
Matthew was 2 months old, killed by a drunken driver.
Brown learned the details from the police report.
"He had been served, over six hours, 21 drinks," Brown said. "When he got a little rowdy, they threw him out, and he got in his car and drove around, and he hit our daughter. Three times the legal limit."
Art Brown now heads the Utah chapter of Mothers Against Drunk Driving, and the Browns are frequent visitors to the state offices to push for more aggressive efforts against drunken driving and for public campaigns to raise awareness about the dangers of underage drinking.
Utah's laws are among the toughest in the nation, and Brown is quick to praise state officials and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker for their efforts.
At the moment, however, Brown is at odds with the mayor over Becker's plan to modernize city alcohol ordinances, including abolishing a limit of two bars per city block and making it easier to locate a bar near residential neighborhoods.
"The 'wetter' you make it for the kids where they live, the more probability there is going to be an upward pressure on their choice to drink," Brown said. "If they see that you are willing to put it next door to them, that it's pleasurable, it's the thing to try, there's no downside to it."
Becker disputes the link.
"I certainly understand and respect Art Brown and others' points of view that having a place that serves liquor is an inducement for minors to drink," Becker said at his City Hall office. "I just haven't found that to be the case in my own experience, and I don't think the information in studies supports it, either."
Becker describes the changes as part of an effort to make the city more attractive for new residents and businesses.
"We are providing for what people in neighborhoods want," the mayor said. "They want to be able to walk to their neighborhood restaurant and have a drink with dinner. Not everybody, but some people do, and we have to provide for everybody in our community."
It is a debate that is not unusual as cities across America debate new urban planning models. But it is perhaps more controversial and noteworthy here because Utah, the home of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, for years has had some of the nation's most restrictive liquor laws.
The Mormon Temple is a Salt Lake City landmark, and the church's influence in the city and across the state remains enormous. But the city is now majority non-Mormon, and Becker says his job is to promote -- and encourage -- those differences.
"We have an enormously diverse culture here," the mayor said. "We live in as beautiful a natural setting as there is anywhere in the world. And part of what we need to make sure people understand who come to visit here and who look to locate their businesses here and live here is that everyone is welcome here."
It is an attitude bar owner Del Vance calls long overdue. But even as he compliments Becker for pushing for changes, Vance says they will in the end prove meaningless unless the state agrees to issue more liquor licenses.
"Like everything else here, it is a day late and a six-pack short," Vance said at the Beerhive. "Because now the state is out of liquor licenses, so even if someone wanted to open another bar on this block, they couldn't."
The state also controls liquor sales, and to Vance, it is proof that the church still dominates Utah politics despite shifting state and city demographics.
"Obviously, Utah is associated with Mormons, and they don't consume alcoholic beverages," Vance said. "I don't understand why people think, 'If I don't do something, I've got to make it more difficult and aggravating for the person who does it.' "
" Abloonie Honestly I think an interface that allowed players to browse other players shops and pay buyout prices would be a better solution than an auction house. I have played many games with auction houses and people use them as buyout shops so the whole auction house thing never works as intended anyway. A proper interface for people to link their shops in game would be better. Then you contact that person and make the trade.
^ This
^ This Posted by fgcewoud
on on Quote this Post
" kazueire1 Poe badly needs a auction house. Please show your support by signing the petition
I would SO love an auction house in POE.
I really wish they would add one :( I would SO love an auction house in POE.I really wish they would add one :( Posted by Marmeduke
on on Quote this Post
We are currently working on updating the trading system. So far, this is what Chris has announced in regards to this:
" Chris
a) We're keen to deploy them as soon as they're ready. There's no real need to wait for the next four-monthly patch.
b) The new trading stuff is not ready yet. It's a major system overhaul and we're still working on it. I'm really sorry about the delay.
As for how it works, the current plan is a combination of public stash tabs (to make it easier to find items) and separately, an asynchronous cross-instance-website trading system. You can basically trade (without buyouts) across the game and website. The trades and offers are still there when you log in later, so it's possible to trade with offline people or people who aren't in your game area or are on their phone or work PC. The new trading changes aren't in the March 1.1.0 patch - there are two reasons:a) We're keen to deploy them as soon as they're ready. There's no real need to wait for the next four-monthly patch.b) The new trading stuff is not ready yet. It's a major system overhaul and we're still working on it. I'm really sorry about the delay.As for how it works, the current plan is a combination of public stash tabs (to make it easier to find items) and separately, an asynchronous cross-instance-website trading system. You can basically trade (without buyouts) across the game and website. The trades and offers are still there when you log in later, so it's possible to trade with offline people or people who aren't in your game area or are on their phone or work PC. Hey guys,We are currently working on updating the trading system. So far, this is what Chris has announced in regards to this: Posted by Bex_GGG
on Grinding Gear Games on Quote this Post
" Bex_GGG
We are currently working on updating the trading system. So far, this is what Chris has announced in regards to this:
" Chris
a) We're keen to deploy them as soon as they're ready. There's no real need to wait for the next four-monthly patch.
b) The new trading stuff is not ready yet. It's a major system overhaul and we're still working on it. I'm really sorry about the delay.
As for how it works, the current plan is a combination of public stash tabs (to make it easier to find items) and separately, an asynchronous cross-instance-website trading system. You can basically trade (without buyouts) across the game and website. The trades and offers are still there when you log in later, so it's possible to trade with offline people or people who aren't in your game area or are on their phone or work PC. The new trading changes aren't in the March 1.1.0 patch - there are two reasons:a) We're keen to deploy them as soon as they're ready. There's no real need to wait for the next four-monthly patch.b) The new trading stuff is not ready yet. It's a major system overhaul and we're still working on it. I'm really sorry about the delay.As for how it works, the current plan is a combination of public stash tabs (to make it easier to find items) and separately, an asynchronous cross-instance-website trading system. You can basically trade (without buyouts) across the game and website. The trades and offers are still there when you log in later, so it's possible to trade with offline people or people who aren't in your game area or are on their phone or work PC. Hey guys,We are currently working on updating the trading system. So far, this is what Chris has announced in regards to this:
With all due respect, continuing to copy/pasting this qoute from Chris is just not going to cut it much longer. That post is from four months ago and I haven't seen any further information regarding it. (If I have missed please correct me.)
In my humble opinion, an update with estimates on realease is long overdue. With all due respect, continuing to copy/pasting this qoute from Chris is just not going to cut it much longer. That post is from four months ago and I haven't seen any further information regarding it. (If I have missed please correct me.)In my humble opinion, an update with estimates on realease is long overdue. Posted by WraeclastianWine
on on Quote this Post
" BackwoodsS " SassyBeard Oh look a dead horse.
He's passed on! This horse is no more! He has ceased to be! He's expired and gone to meet his maker! He's a stiff! Bereft of life, He rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed him to the forum he'd be pushing up the daisies! His metabolic processes are now history! He's off the twig! He's kicked the bucket, he's shuffled off his mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleeding choir invisible!! THIS IS AN EX-HORSE!!
-Monty Python Flying Circus He's passed on! This horse is no more! He has ceased to be! He's expired and gone to meet his maker! He's a stiff! Bereft of life, He rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed him to the forum he'd be pushing up the daisies! His metabolic processes are now history! He's off the twig! He's kicked the bucket, he's shuffled off his mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleeding choir invisible!! THIS IS AN EX-HORSE!!-Monty Python Flying Circus
Best quote of the day! +1 Interwebz
And No [X] AH thanks. Best quote of the day! +1 InterwebzAnd No [X] AH thanks. "You can pretty much guarantee anyone who uses 'pro tip' is neither a pro nor offering helpful tips." Charan,2019 Posted by DoubleU
on on Quote this Post
" BARL " Bex_GGG
We are currently working on updating the trading system. So far, this is what Chris has announced in regards to this:
" Chris
a) We're keen to deploy them as soon as they're ready. There's no real need to wait for the next four-monthly patch.
b) The new trading stuff is not ready yet. It's a major system overhaul and we're still working on it. I'm really sorry about the delay.
As for how it works, the current plan is a combination of public stash tabs (to make it easier to find items) and separately, an asynchronous cross-instance-website trading system. You can basically trade (without buyouts) across the game and website. The trades and offers are still there when you log in later, so it's possible to trade with offline people or people who aren't in your game area or are on their phone or work PC. The new trading changes aren't in the March 1.1.0 patch - there are two reasons:a) We're keen to deploy them as soon as they're ready. There's no real need to wait for the next four-monthly patch.b) The new trading stuff is not ready yet. It's a major system overhaul and we're still working on it. I'm really sorry about the delay.As for how it works, the current plan is a combination of public stash tabs (to make it easier to find items) and separately, an asynchronous cross-instance-website trading system. You can basically trade (without buyouts) across the game and website. The trades and offers are still there when you log in later, so it's possible to trade with offline people or people who aren't in your game area or are on their phone or work PC. Hey guys,We are currently working on updating the trading system. So far, this is what Chris has announced in regards to this:
With all due respect, continuing to copy/pasting this qoute from Chris is just not going to cut it much longer. That post is from four months ago and I haven't seen any further information regarding it. (If I have missed please correct me.)
In my humble opinion, an update with estimates on realease is long overdue. With all due respect, continuing to copy/pasting this qoute from Chris is just not going to cut it much longer. That post is from four months ago and I haven't seen any further information regarding it. (If I have missed please correct me.)In my humble opinion, an update with estimates on realease is long overdue.
+1. Over the past months, I've posted that quote far often and for far longer than I would have expected. I can fully understand not giving a fixed release date for the new trade system but some more updates in between, e.g. "we are almost done coding" or "we are currently testing on our internal servers" would be greatly appreciated. +1. Over the past months, I've posted that quote far often and for far longer than I would have expected. I can fully understand not giving a fixed release date for the new trade system but some more updates in between, e.g. "we are almost done coding" or "we are currently testing on our internal servers" would be greatly appreciated.
Finding Names for your Characters
Loot Filter Colour Palettes
Namen für Eure Charaktere
Informationen zur Benutzung des Forums
Exit, pursued by a Plummeting Ursa. Posted by Alysma
on Valued Poster on Quote this Post
" BARL
In my humble opinion, an update with estimates on realease is long overdue. With all due respect, continuing to copy/pasting this qoute from Chris is just not going to cut it much longer. That post is from four months ago and I haven't seen any further information regarding it. (If I have missed please correct me.)In my humble opinion, an update with estimates on realease is long overdue.
I'm sorry about the lack of updates on this system. It's very likely that cross-instance trading is going to be finished earlier than other changes to the trade system. We're also looking at changes to the noticeboard to make both trading and questing easier. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at any time. I'm sorry about the lack of updates on this system. It's very likely that cross-instance trading is going to be finished earlier than other changes to the trade system. We're also looking at changes to the noticeboard to make both trading and questing easier. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact me at any time. YouTube |
Lead Developer. Follow us on: Twitter Facebook | Contact Support if you need help! Posted by Chris
on Grinding Gear Games on Quote this Post
" We're also looking at changes to the noticeboard to make both trading and questing easier.
That's great news. Making a separate tab so trading parties don't spam the noticeboard would be nice. That's great news. Making a separate tab so trading parties don't spam the noticeboard would be nice. Posted by kasub
on on Quote this Post
OOooo cross-instance trading sounds great thats A + Just a sec let me grab a beer...@#*@ Ok how did I die this time
Learn the rules, it's the only way to exploit them. Posted by SirSid
on on Quote this Post
Trinidad James won a Record of the Year Grammy for having co-writing credit on Mark Ronson & Bruno Mars' 'Uptown Funk.' Trinidad James' lyrics "Don't Believe Me Just Watch" from his song 'All Gold Everything' were used in the hook on 'Uptown Funk' - which gave him his co-writing credit on the track. The song was primarily written by Mark Ronson, Bruno Mars, Jeff Bhasker and Philip Lawrence. After the song was released, The Gap Band was given additional writing credit due to the song's similarities to their hit record 'Oops! Upside Your Head.' Uptown Funk is currently the 4th most watched Youtube music video of all time, with 1.3 billion views.
Check out our interview with Trinidad James discussing Bruno Mars using his lyrics for the song.
The advise-and-assist mission for U.S. troops in Iraq are expanding after a small team of American forces deployed for the first time to work alongside an Iraqi battalion and help install a bridge over the Tigris River south of Mosul, U.S. defense officials said.
The weeklong mission of engineers in late July was disclosed publicly for the first time on Wednesday. The bridge will provide the Iraqis with a vital ground link to the military airfield known as Qayyarah West, which will play a key role in the imminent attack on Mosul.
U.S. troops were previously restricted to the Iraqis' division-level headquarters. But in April, President Obama for the first time authorized U.S. combat advisers to deploy with Iraq army forces at lower levels, including brigade and battalion headquarters.
However, those deployments did not begin immediately and U.S. military officials said the expanded authorization would be used only for critical missions.
"This mission … demonstrates how we could selectively use this authority in future operations," said Army Col. Christopher Garver, a Defense Department spokesman in Baghdad.
U.S. military officials said the expanded advise-and-assist mission was necessary and would allow those Americans to be more effective. The deployments also pose a greater risk by putting those troops closer to combat operations against Islamic State militants, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
Garver said the bridge is a big step in preparing to attack the ISIS stronghold of Mosul by linking the Iraqi army's main logistics hub in the Kurdish-controlled town of Makhmur to the forward-operating base and airfield at Qayyarah.
"Connecting Qayyarah West air base and Makhmur will greatly improve maneuverability and shorten lines of communication for the [Iraqi Security Forces] as they prepare for the eventual assault to liberate Mosul," Garver said.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
An update on the fight against the Islamic State group Army Col. Christopher Garver, Operation Inherent Resolve spokesman, briefs reporters via teleconference from Baghdad on operations targeting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, July 27, 2016.
U.S. troops have deployed beyond division headquarters for some missions with the Kurdish peshmerga and with Iraqi special forces units, but the mission to install the bridge was the first time in years that Americans have directly supported a conventional Iraqi army battalion, Garver said.
The Iraqis first secured the bridge across the river July 15 after an initial attempt July 13 was halted amid enemy fire, Garver said.
The team of American military engineers showed up July 20 and spent about a week working alongside Iraqis and "providing advice on those protective measures to better secure the bridge," Garver said.
The team of Americans worked at the site of the bridge during the day but returned at night to a secure American base at Makhmur, Garver said.
From Linus Torvalds <> Date Mon, 18 Feb 2013 16:28:03 -0800 Subject Linux 3.8 The release got delayed a couple of days because I was waiting for
confirmation of a small patch, but hey, we could also say that it was
all intentional, and that this is the special "Presidents' Day
Release". It sounds more planned that way, no?
Anyway, the really good news is that things calmed down a lot on the
last week. There are noticeably fewer commits, and they are also all
quite small. The few commits with more than just a couple of lines
tend to be due to a couple of reverts, and two architecture patches
where some identifiers got renamed (tile), or some defines got moved
from the uapi file to a private header (x86). And there's one radeon
patch that uses a helper function instead of reading bytes directly.
And even those "bigger" patches weren't really that big.
There was a pending btrfs fix that might have merited another -rc, but
instead of delaying things I just didn't pull that one at all, and
we'll just do it as a stable patch instead. It's not even a new
problem anyway.
Anyway, thanks to everybody who kept last week calm.
Linus
---
Alexander Duyck (1):
ixgbe: Only set gso_type to SKB_GSO_TCPV4 as RSC does not support IPv6
Bjørn Mork (1):
net: qmi_wwan: add Yota / Megafon M100-1 4g modem
Borislav Petkov (1):
x86, MCE: Retract most UAPI exports
Chris Bagwell (1):
Input: wacom - fix wacom_set_report retry logic
Chris Metcalf (9):
tile: remove an unused variable in copy_thread()
tile: include kernel/Kconfig.freezer in tile Kconfig
drivers/input/joystick/analog.c: enable precise timer
tile: provide "screen_info" when enabling VT
tile: avoid defining INT_MASK macro in <arch/interrupts.h>
drm: fix compile failure by including <linux/swiotlb.h>
tile: export a handful of symbols appropriately
tile: fix memcpy_*io functions for allnoconfig
tile: tag some code with #ifdef CONFIG_COMPAT
Cong Ding (2):
sparc: kernel/sbus.c: fix memory leakage
mac80211: fix error in sizeof() usage
Cyril Roelandt (1):
xen: remove redundant NULL check before unregister_and_remove_pcpu().
Dan Carpenter (1):
ipvs: freeing uninitialized pointer on error
Daniel Borkmann (2):
ipvs: sctp: fix checksumming on snat and dnat handlers
net: sctp: sctp_v6_get_dst: fix boolean test in dst cache
David S. Miller (3):
sparc64: Add missing HAVE_ARCH_TRANSPARENT_HUGEPAGE.
sparc64: Fix get_user_pages_fast() wrt. THP.
sunvdc: Fix off-by-one in generic_request().
Dmitry Torokhov (1):
Input: document that unregistering managed devices is not necessary
Eric Dumazet (2):
arp: fix possible crash in arp_rcv()
net: fix infinite loop in __skb_recv_datagram()
Eric W. Biederman (1):
kernel/pid.c: reenable interrupts when alloc_pid() fails because
init has exited
Francois Romieu (2):
Revert "r8169: enable ALDPS for power saving".
Revert "r8169: enable internal ASPM and clock request settings".
Gerald Schaefer (1):
mm: don't overwrite mm->def_flags in do_mlockall()
Giuseppe CAVALLARO (2):
stmmac: fix macro used for debugging the xmit
stmmac: mdio register has to fail if the phy is not found
Glauber Costa (1):
memcg: fix kmemcg registration for late caches
Greg Ungerer (1):
m68knommu: fix trap on execing /bin/init
H. Peter Anvin (1):
x86, doc: Add a bootloader ID for OVMF
Heiko Carstens (1):
s390/timer: avoid overflow when programming clock comparator
Helge Deller (1):
unbreak automounter support on 64-bit kernel with 32-bit userspace (v2)
Huang, Xiong (1):
atl1c: add error checking for pci_map_single functions
Jan Beulich (1):
x86/xen: don't assume %ds is usable in xen_iret for 32-bit PVOPS.
Jerome Glisse (1):
drm/radeon: enforce use of radeon_get_ib_value when reading user cmd
Jiri Pirko (1):
htb: fix values in opt dump
Johannes Berg (2):
mac80211: fix managed mode channel context use
mac80211: fix channel selection bug
Jonas Gorski (1):
mwl8k: fix band for supported channels
Kees Cook (2):
x86: Do not leak kernel page mapping locations
net, sctp: remove CONFIG_EXPERIMENTAL
Konrad Rzeszutek Wilk (2):
Revert "xen/PVonHVM: fix compile warning in init_hvm_pv_info"
Revert "xen PVonHVM: use E820_Reserved area for shared_info"
Linus Torvalds (2):
mm: fix pageblock bitmap allocation
Linux 3.8
Linus Walleij (1):
drivers/rtc/rtc-pl031.c: restore ST variant functionality
Maarten Lankhorst (1):
drm/nouveau: use different register to wait for secret scrubber
Marcin Slusarz (1):
drm/nouveau: add lockdep annotations
Marek Szyprowski (1):
mm: cma: fix accounting of CMA pages placed in high memory
Mauro Carvalho Chehab (1):
Revert "[media] dvb_frontend: return -ENOTTY for unimplement IOCTL"
Mel Gorman (1):
x86/mm: Check if PUD is large when validating a kernel address
Michael S. Tsirkin (3):
ixgbe: fix gso type
qlcnic: set gso_type
bnx2x: set gso_type
NeilBrown (1):
OMAPDSS: add FEAT_DPI_USES_VDDS_DSI to omap3630_dss_feat_list
Nickolai Zeldovich (1):
Input: lm8323 - fix checking PWM interrupt status
Nicolas Ferre (1):
net/macb: fix race with RX interrupt while doing NAPI
Pau Koning (1):
batman-adv: Fix NULL pointer dereference in DAT hash collision avoidance
Rafael J. Wysocki (1):
PCI/PM: Clean up PME state when removing a device
Rob Herring (3):
ARM: scu: add empty scu_enable for !CONFIG_SMP
ARM: scu: mask cluster id from cpu_logical_map
ARM: highbank: mask cluster id from cpu_logical_map
Roy Spliet (1):
drm/nv50/fb: Fix nullptr-deref on IGPs
Satoru Takeuchi (1):
efi: Clear EFI_RUNTIME_SERVICES rather than EFI_BOOT by "noefi"
boot parameter
Stephen Hemminger (1):
bridge: set priority of STP packets
Stoney Wang (1):
x86/apic: Work around boot failure on HP ProLiant DL980 G7 Server systems
Tomi Valkeinen (1):
omapdrm: fix the dependency to omapdss
Wolfram Sang (1):
MAINTAINERS: change my email and repos
YOSHIFUJI Hideaki / 吉藤英明 (3):
netfilter: ip6t_NPT: Fix adjustment calculation
netfilter: ip6t_NPT: Fix prefix mangling
netfilter: ip6t_NPT: Ensure to check lower part of prefixes are zero
--
To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
An Ohio electric utility and one of the country's top coal companies had some well-placed help when pressing President Donald Trump for emergency federal assistance for the coal industry — his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
The companies wanted Trump to prevent utilities from closing economically ailing coal-fired power plants, using authorities normally designed to protect the U.S. electricity supply during emergencies. And as they made their case, they got support from the former Trump aide, who has remained in the president's orbit despite being fired from his campaign more than a year ago.
Story Continued Below
Lewandowski denied in a message Friday that he is working for the companies, utility FirstEnergy and mining corporation Murray Energy. But his involvement in the issue alarmed some senior administration officials and others close to Trump, who saw his role as that of a lobbyist and believed he was being paid for the work.
Lewandowski spoke in support of the utility's agenda at the White House and met with other senior administration officials on the issue this spring and summer, according to senior White House officials and records reviewed by POLITICO. Lewandowski was also integral in setting up meetings between Chuck Jones, the CEO of utility FirstEnergy, with Trump and other White House officials, according to the documents and officials. Lewandowski traveled aboard Air Force One during that period, sources said.
The Energy Department eventually decided that the action the companies sought would be inappropriate. But the companies had nearly succeeded: According to letters from Republican donor and coal magnate Robert Murray, CEO of the mining company Murray Energy, Trump twice said he supported requiring coal power plants run by a subsidiary of FirstEnergy to keep running, even if the subsidiary fell into bankruptcy.
The records do not indicate whether FirstEnergy or Murray Energy were paying Lewandowski to represent them. Lewandowski, who's now a consultant, has not registered to work for the companies as a lobbyist.
Lewandowski's involvement, and the fact that he wasn't registered as a lobbyist, were among the factors that alarmed some senior officials. They also worried that the administration would be taking controversial, potentially inappropriate steps on behalf of a company that was aligned with a consultant close to Trump.
Morning Energy newsletter The source for energy and environment news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
"This was entirely a Lewandowski production," one senior White House official said.
When contacted by POLITICO, Lewandowski denied that he is employed by FirstEnergy, saying the assertions were "not accurate." FirstEnergy executives and a spokeswoman did not answer multiple requests for comment. A Murray Energy spokesman also denied that Lewandowski worked for the coal company.
"I do not work for First Energy," Lewandowski said Friday. "If you report that, it will be more fake news. Both the company and I have confirmed for the record I do not work for them. The same is true with Murray Energy. Much to your dismay, I am not compensated by them. I know you don't want to report the truth but ... the truth is the truth — even when it doesn't fit your liberal agenda."
He didn't answer a series of follow-up questions about his role or whether he was previously employed by FirstEnergy or any company or group affiliated with it.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders referred questions to Lewandowski, including those about whether he should have registered as a lobbyist.
"The burden is on the individual to register, not the White House which is why all of your questions should be directed to Corey on this matter," she said by email.
Sanders didn't answer questions about why the administration engaged with Lewandowski on this issue.
Many White House officials have chafed at Trump's relationship with Lewandowski, who worked as a lobbyist for Americans For Prosperity, a libertarian advocacy group backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, before joining Trump's campaign team. Trump fired Lewandowski in June 2016 amid tensions between the campaign manager and then-adviser Paul Manafort.
Lewandowski later co-founded the lobbying firm Avenue Strategies with another former Trump veteran, Barry Bennett, touting their close ties to the White House. He left the firm after questions arose about his work for foreign governments, particularly Citgo in Venezuela.
Despite his ouster from Trump's campaign, Lewandowski frequently visits the White House and has stopped by the Oval Office unannounced. He is a divisive figure, particularly disliked by some aides, but he remains close to Trump.
"You'll see Corey in pretty often," one administration official said. "Seeing him here isn't like a shock or anything."
Lobbying laws require people or firms to disclose when they are advocating for clients with the federal government. At the very least, Lewandowski's support for Murray and FirstEnergy's position would appear to fly in the face of Trump's "drain the swamp" pledge to limit the power of lobbyists.
In Murray's letter, first published by the Associated Press on Tuesday, the coal CEO said he and Jones had pushed their case to Trump in an early July visit to the Oval Office. When they met him again on an Aug. 3 trip to Huntington, W.Va., Trump told an aide in the presence of both CEOs to "tell Cohn to do whatever these two want him to do." That was an apparent reference to Gary Cohn, director of the White House's National Economic Council.
Murray's letter added that during another conversation in July with Trump in Youngstown, Ohio, about a federal power emergency declaration to keep the plants open, the president turned to Energy Secretary Rick Perry and told him three times, "I want this done."
Despite Trump's orders, the Energy Department and officials in the White House rejected the move, because the emergency powers are designed to be used to ensure the power grid is not compromised rather than to prop up ailing businesses. The officials said the Ohio power plants that FirstEnergy and Murray wanted to keep open were not necessary to maintain the power network, which was amply supplied by other plants.
Trump ultimately agreed.
But the closure of those plants would have a dramatic effect on Murray's coal mining operations. The CEO, who was one of the most vocal critics of former President Barack Obama's coal regulations, said shutting those plants would push Murray Energy into immediate bankruptcy and force it to eliminate 6,500 jobs. That would mean the "destruction and devastation of the very population that voted President Donald J. Trump into the Oval Office," Murray wrote to Perry in an Aug. 18 letter following a meeting with the Energy secretary's chief of staff.
Trump has frequently hammered Obama for promoting climate and energy policies that hurt the coal industry, which has also seen market share decline amid competition from inexpensive natural gas and tax-subsidized wind and solar power. As president, Trump has ordered his agencies to roll back those policies and has vowed that the U.S. will withdraw from the 2015 Paris climate agreement, much to the cheers of miners and coal executives.
One company with a stake in Trump's decisions is FirstEnergy subsidiary FirstEnergy Solutions, which runs “merchant” coal power plants that compete with gas and wind in the wholesale market to sell power to utilities. The company hoped Trump would invoke a part of the Federal Power Act to order that those plants be kept in operation, despite FirstEnergy Solutions' likely bankruptcy.
Jones' allies in the fight included Murray, whose coal mines supply several of FirstEnergy's plants. After the August meetings with Trump in Huntington and Youngstown, Murray met on Aug. 17 with Energy Department chief of staff Brian McCormack to make his case again.
But the department, with Trump's blessing, said Monday that it would not keep the plants open by government order.
"We look at the facts of each issue and consider the authorities we have to address them but with respect to this particular case at this particular time, the White House and the Department of Energy are in agreement that the evidence does not warrant the use of this emergency authority," White House spokeswoman Kelly Love said in a statement this week.
Aubree Eliza Weaver and Matt Daily contributed to this report.
Media fact checkers have been allowed to massage the truth to benefit a liberal agenda for far too long. Fact checkers, like the mainstream media, are made up of mostly liberal journalists, who tend to cherry-pick information to support a liberal narrative. As Wall Street Journal columnist James Taranto put it on Twitter: "‘Fact checking' is opinion journalism pretending to be some sort of heightened objectivity.”
None have shown their bias more than PolitiFact. According to The Weekly Standard:
Surveys done by the University of Minnesota and George Mason University have shown that the supposedly impartial "fact checking" news organization rates Republican claims as false three times as often as Democratic claims and twice as much, respectively.
Mark Tapscott reported in The Daily Caller last September that PolitiFact had a major "conflict of interest with the Clinton foundation," raising questions about whether it was tailoring fact checks to please a specific donor.
It's a legitimate concern, given their longstanding pattern of questionable fact checks. When it matters most to the Democrats' agenda (that is, when the false claim is first told), PolitiFact is right there for them, giving the Democrat the benefit of the doubt. On the other hand, PolitiFact is Johnny-on-the-spot when it comes to shooting down each and every inconvenient claim made by a Republican. President Trump, with his penchant for hyperbole, has been an absolute boon for them.
PolitiFact's track record on ObamaCare
The classic example of PolitiFact running interference for Democrats is its treatment of Barack Obama's infamous ObamaCare lie, "if you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan." The claim was originally rated to be "true" or "mostly true." Later on, as inconvenient facts emerged proving the claim to be sketchy at best, they downgraded their fact check to "half true." Only when it became patently obvious to everyone that the claim was a cruel hoax did PolitiFact admit the truth.
In October 2008, PolitiFact said that Obama's oft-repeated healthcare claim was true. By mid-2009, with Obama safely elected president, it downgraded the claim to half true. In 2012, while Obama was running for re-election, PolitiFact continued to rate the false ObamaCare claim as "half true," even though it was by then known that a majority of employer-sponsored plans would be illegal under Obamacare.
Only after ObamaCare was implemented in the fall of 2013, and millions of people actually started losing their plans, did PolitiFact rate the claim to be (as everyone with a shred of common sense knew from the beginning) a huge, Pants on Fire Lie of the Year. Of course, that "fact check" came five years too late for the millions of people who lost their health care plans.
They should have slinked away in shame and embarrassment after that, but no. They continue to offer bogus fact checks on ObamaCare.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (Reuters) - A confessed serial killer from Alaska who hid in plain sight and whose crimes went undetected for more than a decade, was ultimately caught after he gave in to his compulsions and struck close to home.
Confessed serial killer Israel Keyes is seen in this undated booking photo released to Reuters by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Alaska December 3, 2012. REUTERS/USDOJ/Handout
Israel Keyes, in jail since March for the kidnapping and murder of 18-year-old coffee stand server Samantha Koenig in Anchorage, Alaska, confessed to that and other violent crimes. Then guards found him dead on December 2 after he committed suicide by cutting his wrists and choking himself with a bed sheet. He was 34.
Keyes, a U.S. Army veteran, lived a quiet life in one of Anchorage's best neighborhoods, doing well-regarded handyman work for unsuspecting customers. He had been due to go on trial in March for Koenig's death, and investigators believe he killed eight to 11 people, if not more.
A picture of Keyes' double-life emerged from his own words — authorities released excerpts from 40 hours of interviews with investigators to reporters — and from interviews and news conferences given by investigators, who said they believed his confessions were sincere.
“Everything that he told them has been borne out,” Lieutenant Dave Parker of the Anchorage Police Department said on Sunday.
Keyes admitted that he committed numerous killings, bank robberies and other crimes across the country. He admitted to plans for more killings. He admitted to several unreported crimes and acts of cruelty committed before he started killing people, including the rape of a teenager in Oregon in the late 1990s and torture of animals when he was a child.
His suicide ended the revelations and made him a rarity — a confessed serial killer who was never convicted of murder.
“It gives us no pleasure to dismiss the charges against Mr. Keyes, but that's what the law requires,” said Kevin Feldis, the assistant U.S. attorney leading the prosecution.
The criminal investigation will continue indefinitely, even if there is no prosecution, “because there will inevitably be many, many unknowns,” Feldis said.
Keyes was caught in Texas in March with a debit card stolen from Koenig, whom he abducted from her coffee stand in February. Keyes admitted to kidnapping, raping and killing her, then dismembering her body and dumping her remains in an icy lake before traveling out of Alaska.
Once in custody, he also confessed to the 2011 killings of Bill and Lorraine Currier of Essex, Vermont, and the disposal of four bodies in Washington state and one in New York state.
Only three homicides have been definitively pinned to him — those of Koenig and the Curriers — in large part because Keyes could not identify victims by name.
His motivation was enjoyment, said Monique Doll, an Anchorage homicide detective who worked on the investigation. Throughout his months of jail interviews, Keyes was utterly unapologetic and remorseless, she said.
“Israel Keyes didn't kidnap and kill people because he was crazy. He didn't kidnap and kill people because his deity told him to or because he had a bad childhood. Israel Keyes did this because he got an immense amount of enjoyment out of it, much like an addict gets an immense amount of enjoyment out of drugs,” Doll told a news conference.
He also enjoyed staying under the radar, officials said. He targeted total strangers, avoiding anyone with any possible connection, traveling hundreds of miles to target random victims at secluded parks, trail heads and other remote locations.
He broke some of his own rules when he killed Koenig, abducting her at her workplace on a busy Anchorage street, where security cameras caught some of his actions, and killing her at his own house, officials said. Keyes admitted he considered merely robbing Koenig — whom he did not know — and instead gave in to his compulsions, Doll said.
“In prior cases, he had enough self-control to walk away from it,” Doll said. “But with Samantha, he didn't.”
Koenig's case dominated local news, and supporters raised a reward fund, held candlelight vigils and gave self-defense lessons to coffee stand servers.
Keyes got a thrill from following the news coverage, so long as his name was not linked to the case, investigators said. When he was identified by a Vermont television station in the summer as the suspect in the murder of the Curriers, he became so angry he stopped speaking to investigators for two months.
WHITE SUPREMACIST BACKGROUND
Keyes grew up in Washington state in a fundamentalist Christian family that, in the past, attended a white-supremacist, anti-Semitic church but later moved out of the region and became affiliated with other congregations, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center civil rights group.
Keyes served in the U.S. Army for three years, including a brief stint in Egypt, and was discharged from Fort Lewis Army Base in Washington state in 2001. In his interviews, he said he was anxious for his military service to end so that he could start murdering people, Feldis said.
He moved to Alaska in 2007 and lived with his daughter and a girlfriend in Anchorage's Turnagain neighborhood, near many of the city's most prominent citizens, top attorneys and law-enforcement officials, operating a one-man contracting business.
“He was well-known in Anchorage as a really good handyman,” said state Senator Hollis French, who lived around the corner from Keyes.
All the while, Keyes said in his interviews, he was “two different people.”
“There's no one who knows me or who has ever known me, who knows anything about me, really,” Keyes said in one of the interviews.
Keyes told authorities he almost killed a young couple and an Anchorage police officer at a beach overlook, about a month before killing the Curriers in Vermont.
Keyes said he was hiding in the park with a gun and a silencer and ready to ambush his victims; he wanted to test the silencer that he would later bring to the East Coast on his trip to kill the Curriers. He stopped when a second police officer arrived on the scene.
“It could have got ugly, but fortunately for the cop guy, his backup showed up,” a chuckling Keyes said one interview. “I almost got myself into a lot of trouble on that one.”
The silencer wound up in a stockpile of murder supplies that Keyes stashed in upstate New York, near a home he owned there. Keyes admitted to placing several such caches around the country, investigators said.
Officials have found two so far — the New York stockpile and one in the Anchorage suburb of Eagle River that contained a shovel and bottles of liquid clog remover, material for concealing a body and speeding decomposition.
Until he was arrested, Keyes' plan was to leave Alaska this year and work as an itinerant contractor making repairs in hurricane-struck areas of the United States, Feldis said.
“That would allow him to move from place to place and commit murders,” Feldis said.
Florida's DeVon Walker suffered a torn ACL and will miss the 2014-15 season, according to a report by CBS Sports's Jeff Borzello:
Florida wing DeVon Walker tore his ACL and is expected to miss the 2014-15 season, sources told @CBSSports. — Jeff Borzello (@jeffborzello) July 19, 2014
Florida spokesman Denver Parler confirmed on Monday that Walker tore his ACL on Friday, July 18.
Walker played in 35 games for Florida in 2013-14, making seven starts. Despite averaging just 12.1 minutes per contest, he was fourth on the team in blocks, with 13, and in three-pointers, with 19. And though he missed his last six threes of the season, Walker went 8-for-14 from distance over one five-game stretch, showing potential as a corner three specialist.
Walker was expected to be a key rotation piece for Florida in 2014-15, likely backing up Michael Frazier II at shooting guard and vying for sixth man minutes, and he was arguably Florida's best defender for larger wings last season; another year of strength training and conditioning might only have helped in that regard.
A eight-month recovery from a torn ACL, which would be aggressive, would only get Walker back to the court by March. If Walker is sidelined for the whole year, which would be more likely, it's a good bet that similarly spindly freshman Devin Robinson will get extensive time at small forward, and that Eli Carter and/or Brandone Francis — still not at Florida, though he should be fine to enroll by the beginning of the school year — and/or Dillon Graham will be playing many of the minutes that would have been tabbed for Walker off the bench.
Kurdish fighters take position during clashes with Syrian pro-government forces in the northwestern Syrian town of Qamishli on April 20, 2016 (AFP Photo/Delil Souleiman)
Qamishli (Syria) (AFP) - Deadly clashes between Syrian pro-government fighters and Kurdish forces raged on Wednesday in the northeastern city of Qamishli, an AFP reporter at the scene said.
Loud blasts from rocket fire and heavy machineguns could be heard throughout the city into the evening as warplanes screeched above, the reporter said.
Qamishli is under the shared control of the Syrian regime and Kurdish authorities, who have declared zones of "autonomous administration" across parts of north and northeast Syria.
The clashes broke out between government forces and the local Kurdish police force, known as the Asayish, at a checkpoint earlier on Wednesday, a Kurdish security source told AFP.
"Then, the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) joined on behalf of the Asayish and the pro-government National Defence Forces joined on the side of the regime," the source said.
He said "a number of our comrades" had died but would not give a specific number.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said four NDF fighters were killed and another 20 were arrested by Kurdish forces.
The Britain-based monitor said three Asayish members were also killed in the fighting and several others were wounded.
Syrian troops and seasoned Kurdish fighters have coordinated on security in Hasakeh province where Islamic State group jihadists have tried to advance.
But tensions have built up between the sometimes-rival authorities, often over their individual military conscription services.
Two NDF militiamen were killed in similar clashes in December.
When two masked gunmen from Pakistan's Taliban shot then 15-year-old Malala Yousafzai in the head on a school bus in the country's northwestern Swat valley last October, the hardline Islamic group was universally condemned.
Amid a global outpouring of support, including praise from world leaders and a Nobel Peace Prize nomination, Malala has made a spectacular recovery in the UK these past nine months. Last week, UN officials and more than 500 young people gathered in New York to listen to her first public speech since the attack.
“The terrorists thought that they would change my aims and stop my ambitions," she said. “But nothing changed in my life, except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died. Strength, power and courage was born.”
She stressed the importance of education for all, but especially “for the sons and daughters of the Taliban and all the terrorists and extremists.” Further, she credited a diverse array of spiritual and social mentors for teaching her the higher path of nonviolence, from Mohammed, Jesus Christ and Buddha, to Martin Luther King, Gandhi and Mother Teresa. “I do not even hate the Talib who shot me,” she said. “Even if there was a gun in my hand and he was standing in front of me, I would not shoot him.” Her speech can be read in full here.
Following her speech, in a move that some have called an attempt at damage control, a senior member of the Taliban named Adnan Rasheed responded by sending a four-page, 1,863-word letter in halting English to Malala, circuitously explaining the motivations for the horrific act. Reading the letter gives less a sense of the ethos behind Malala's shooting, than it provides a glimpse into the fears that plague the militant Islamic group. The letter, obtained by Channel 4 News, can be read in full here.
In his missive, Rasheed, a former Pakistan air force technician, vacillates between concern and caution, at one point saying that he wished the attack “had never happened”. He continued: “Please mind that Taliban never attacked you because of going to school or you were education lover, also please mind that Taliban or Mujahideen ar not against the education of any men or women or girl. Taliban believe that you were intentionally writing against them and running a smearing campaign to malign their efforts to establish Islamic system in Swat and your writings were provocative.”
Rasheed wrote that he penned the letter in his “personal capacity” and did not represent the Taliban by sending it. He claimed he had initially found out about her activities in prison when the BBC Urdu service broadcast her diary. He added that he felt compelled to warn her out of “brotherly” concern as a fellow member of the “same Yousafzai tribe”. “When you were attacked, it was shocking for me,” he wrote. “I wished it would never have happened and I had advised you before.”
At one point, Rasheed poses the question of whether the attack was morally right or wrong, before briskly brushing the argument aside, saying, “Let's we leave it to Allah All mighty…He is the best judge.”
Along with his tepid defense of an attempt on the life of an innocent girl, Rasheed also rails against the move towards world domination by “Jews” and “freemasons”, citing Henry Kissinger's alleged plans to reduce world population by 80 percent via the cocktail of “sterilization” (by polio vaccine) and eugenics.
The winding letter also quotes Bertrand Russell, defends the Taliban's practice of blowing up schools – claiming the Pakistani army uses them for bases – and asked her whether she would have received so much attention if she'd been killed by a CIA drone strike.
Getting to the heart of the matter, Rasheed relayed the story of the 19th century British politician Thomas Babington Macaulay, a staunch advocate of Anglicizing colonial India via the British education system, creating a “class of interpreters…Indian in colour, English in tastes”.
The antidote? “Come back home, adopt the Islamic and pushtoon culture and join any female Islamic madressa,” Rasheed suggests.
It is the fear of domination by Western culture that comes through most clearly in the meandering screed. As Channel 4 News noted, Malala is a modern day “Macaulay's child” in the Taliban's eyes. As they see it, by promoting the education system being used to Westernize the Swat valley, Malala is effectively on the wrong side of a clash of civilizations.
Proving that one person can very much make a difference, Malala's moral fortitude is winning out. Former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown, who serves as UN special envoy on global education, said, “It's taken her to put the Taliban completely on the defensive, and that's why they're issuing this statement now. But we know that they're still bombing schools, they're still destroying classrooms, they're still murdering teachers, and they're still massacring groups of students.”
Indeed, half of all Pakistan's primary school-aged children and almost three-quarters of the nation's young girls are not enrolled in school, according to UN and government statistics published late last year. Further, in Malala's home province, more than 750 schools have been destroyed by the Taliban since 2008. Hopefully, this panicked letter signals a turning point.
Brown added, “If this letter is a genuine one, and I think it probably is, it shows that the millions of people who have been signing petitions and campaigning alongside Malala for girls education, are having an impact on them.”
Image caption Opponents say the move will have a drastic effect on smaller retailers
India has approved long-awaited proposals to open up the retail market to global supermarket chains.
Food Minister KV Thomas said the cabinet has agreed to 51% foreign ownership of multi-brand retail stores, allowing groups like Wal-Mart and Tesco to open stores.
Such operators currently can only sell wholesale in India and not directly to customers.
A decision on the issue has been pending for two years.
Mr Thomas told reporters that the cabinet decided to raise the cap on foreign investment in single-brand retailing - such as Apple or Reebok - to 100%, from its current 51%.
"Consumers will have many more choices," said Gibson Vedamani, of the Retailers Association of India. "It will truly be a borderless world in terms of products available."
Analysis Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in retail has been a contentious issue in India for years. International supermarket chains like Tesco, Wal-Mart and Metro have been pushing for restrictions to be lifted to allow them greater access to one of the world's fastest growing retail markets. If FDI in retail does become a reality, it could revolutionise the country's retail sector. Industry bodies have widely welcomed the cabinet's approval, saying that foreign firms could provide a healthy dose of competition, provide investment, and help to smooth out bottle necks that have traditionally plagued India's vast supply chains. The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry in India expects the country's retail sector to be worth $1.3 trillion by 2018. But this is a politically sensitive and divisive issue. Opposition parties and traditional local businesses are likely to try and block FDI in retail from being implemented.
Supporters of the move say it will increase competition and quality while reducing prices, which have been hit by close to double-digit inflation.
Opponents say the multi-nationals will squeeze out India's smaller and poorer traders and drive down prices paid to India's farmers.
'Completely opposed'
One cabinet ally of the ruling Congress party, Dinesh Trivedi of the Trinamool Congress, said his party was "completely opposed to it".
He said: "My suggestion in the cabinet meeting will be that an all-party meeting should be called to discuss this sensitive matter before taking it up in the cabinet."
The main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party is opposed to the proposal and there have been street protests by traders.
BJP politician Murli Manohar Joshi said the move was "a tool to kill the domestic retail industry".
But Gibson Vedamani, a board member of the Retailers Association of India, told Agence France-Presse: "If this proposal gets through, consumers will have many more choices - it will truly be a borderless world in terms of products available."
Trade Minister Anand Sharma said before the decision that there was "a broad-based consensus" in the cabinet in favour of the proposal.
Image caption Giants like Wal-Mart have long eyed the lucrative Indian market
However, some analysts have pointed to the potential political fallout and say there may be another move to postpone any decision.
The multi-nationals have long been eyeing the lucrative Indian market.
Tesco, for example, welcomed the decision.
"Allowing foreign direct investment in retail would be good news for Indian consumers and businesses and we await further details on any conditions," the company said.
"We already have a franchise arrangement with Tata's Star Bazaar stores. Learning about India and serving more customers every month is a win-win for customers, suppliers, Tesco and Tata."
Any easing of regulations could eventually come with strict controls, for example on local sourcing and levels of investment.
Election to Congress or the Senate was never intended to be lifetime appointments.
New thoughts and ideas were meant to flow through government, which is supposed to be "of the people, by the people, for the people." With unlimited terms of election we see now that it causes gridlock, strife and barriers to progress that has led to the total uncooperative spirit that we have seen these past four years in Washington. Term limits infuse new blood and new ideas.
If a president is limited to two terms, that's eight years, then the Congress and the Senate should have term limits too. A congressman should only have three terms, that's six years, and a senator should only have two terms, that's 12 years. Once their terms are up new people come in and new ideas flow. With term limits imposed, congressmen and senators will have to work cooperatively to reflect the will of the people instead of personal agendas like Washington currently feels that they deserve to have.
What we have now in Washington is gridlock with barriers to progress. Who gave Congress and the Senate the power to make more money than the average U.S. citizen? Who gave them the power to have world-class health care at the taxpayers' expense? Who gave them the power to have lifetime pensions?
I did not give them that power, did you? If term limits for Congress and Senate were enacted, then there would no pensions for them to take and they should pay for their own health care like every oher U.
Advertisement
S. citizen does!
By cutting their health care at our expense and cutting their lifetime pensions that they were not supposed to have in the first place, we'd be closer to a balanced budget and totally end gridlock!
PHILLIP PETROS
Lowell
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Virginia's Supreme Court on Friday blocked Gov. Terry McAuliffe's attempt to restore voting rights to more than 200,000 felons. The 4-3 ruling, which could have a significant impact on the potential swing state in November, comes three months after the Democratic governor issued an executive order to enfranchise felons who had completed their sentences and parole or probation as of April 22.
In May, Virginia Republicans sued the governor over the use of taxpayer money to make such an order, suggesting that the order would aid Democratic turnout in the general election. State Senate Majority Leader Thomas K. Normen, Jr. said in a statement at the time that McAuliffe had “overstepped the bounds of his authority and the constitutional limits on executive powers.” McAuliffe struck back, stating that the lawsuit would “preserve a policy of disenfranchisement that has been used intentionally to suppress the voices of qualified voices.”
The Virginia Supreme Court found that McAuliffe overstepped his clemency authority in granting 206,000 felons the right to vote through executive order and that it violated the state constitution. The ruling could affect the one in five African Americans who are disenfranchised as a result of a felony conviction in the state.
“Never before have any of the prior 71 Virginia governors issued a clemency order of any kind—including pardons, reprieves, commutations, and restoration orders—to a class of unnamed felons without regard for the nature of the crimes or any other individual circumstances relevant to the request,” wrote Chief Justice Donald W. Lemons in the majority opinion.
“To be sure, no governor of this commonwealth, until now, has even suggested that such a power exists,” the justice wrote.
The court's decision made Virginia “an outlier in the struggle for civil and human rights,” McAuliffe said in a statement Friday. He criticized Republicans' lawsuit.
“I cannot accept that this overtly political action could succeed in suppressing the voices of many thousands of men and women who had rejoiced with their families earlier this year when their rights were restored,” he said, adding that he would “expeditiously sign” orders to restore voting rights to 13,000 felons. It was immediately unclear if the court's order would affect McAullife's plans to grant rights for those people.
You can read the judges' opinions here.
NEW RICHMOND, Ohio -- Recent test results show the New Richmond Robin Grays Public Water System has detected lead at levels above what is acceptable in the Robin Hill Drive and Grays Lane neighborhood.
One sample of five collected from Sept. 10 to 12 had leaded levels that exceeded 15 micrograms per liter, according to a news release from the Village of New Richmond. When the 90th percentile for lead sample results is at 15 µg/L or above, the New Richmond Robin Grays PWS is triggered to take action to correct the excedance.
There are specific guidelines for drawing tap water samples for accurate and consistent testing. The New Richmond Robin Grays PWS is presently working to address the issue and is retesting lead levels.
Lead can cause serious health problems, especially for pregnant women and young children. Lead typically enters the water primarily as a result of corrosion, or wearing away, of materials containing lead in the water distribution system and household plumbing.
There are steps the public can take to reduce their lead exposure, which include running the water for 30 seconds to two minutes, until it is noticeably colder before using it to flush out the lead and using only cold water to drink or prepare baby formula.
For more information on the health effects of lead, visit the U.S. EPA's website here .
Oregon refuge occupier Jason Blomgren's penchant for everything bagels appears to be coming to an end.
Federal supervision officers have cited concerns that Blomgren has been using opiates, which would be a violation of his release conditions, based on a positive result for morphine on a May urinalysis test.
But Blomgren's defense lawyer and investigator argued, based on an outside expert's opinion and review of the test results, that poppy seeds could not be eliminated as the source of the morphine, according to court papers.
Jason Blomgren
"Therefore, it is our position that the positive urine sample test was caused by the bagel he ate for breakfast and not an illegal controlled substance,'' Blomgren's lawyer Robert W. Rainwater said in court documents.
Rainwater asked his investigator Nena Baker to accompany him to court Monday, ready to testify that she spoke with Blomgren and "learned he eats an 'everything' bagel with poppy seeds for breakfast every morning. He ate one the day of the screening,'' according to court papers.
Blomgren, who pleaded guilty last year to conspiring to impede federal employees from carrying out their work at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge through intimidation, threat or force, has been out of custody for more than a year. He had been subpoenaed by the government to testify in a trial against Ammon Bundy and other leaders of the refuge occupation, but he ended up not being called as a witness.
Under a negotiated plea agreement, Blomgren is expected to be sentenced to probation Aug. 28.
Blomgren, under the supervision of federal officers in the western district of North Carolina, was reported to have tested positive for morphine on May 22, according to prosecutors. Based on that test and other concerns, his pretrial supervision officer in North Carolina urged Blomgren be taken into custody for violating his conditions of release.
Judge adds new condition of release for defendant Jason Blomgren.
During a subsequent test July 17, Blomgren again tested positive for opiates and oxycodone, Assistant U.S. Attorney Craig Gabriel told a judge Monday. Blomgren told federal officials he hadn't consumed any poppy seeds that morning, Gabriel added.
More "interpretive work'' needs to be done on the July test results, though, the prosecutor told the court.
Rainwater said his client will try to work it out. "Perhaps he does need some drug treatment,'' Rainwater noted.
On Monday, the government withdrew its petition to find Blomgren in violation of supervision, as Blomgren listened to the proceeding by phone from North Carolina.
Instead, Gabriel asked U.S. District Judge Robert E. Jones to add a new condition for his release: "Defendant shall not consume any items containing poppy seeds.''
Gabriel said he didn't want to comment about whether Blomgren's claim of consuming bagels with poppy seeds was causing his positive drug tests.
"I don't think that's my place,'' Gabriel told the judge.
The judge approved the new condition.
"It seems reasonable to give up the bagel,'' Blomgren's lawyer said after the hearing. "He'll have to.''
Blomgren said he'll change his morning routine.
"As for breakfast, I will be eating egg whites and tea from now on,'' he told The Oregonian/OregonLive.
-- Maxine Bernstein
mbernstein@oregonian.com
503-221-8212
@maxoregonian
Shaheen Statement on President Trump's Reinstatement of the Global Gag Rule
**Shaheen will introduce bipartisan legislation in the Senate tomorrow that would permanently repeal the Global Gag Rule, also known as the Mexico City Policy**
**SHAHEEN: “President Trump's reinstatement of the Global Gag Rule ignores decades of research, instead favoring ideological politics over women and families”**
(Washington, DC) — U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), the only woman on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, released the below statement following President Trump's executive order to reinstate the Global Gag Rule, also known as the Mexico City Policy. This policy bans federal funds for non-governmental organizations that provide abortion services or provide information about abortion as part of family planning services, forcing clinics to choose between providing limited reproductive health services while accepting U.S. funds or providing comprehensive family planning and reproductive healthcare with a limited budget. Tomorrow, Shaheen will introduce bipartisan legislation in the Senate that would permanently repeal the Global Gag Rule.
"The Trump Administration and Republican leadership have made no secret of their dangerous obsession with rolling back reproductive rights,” said Senator Shaheen. “President Trump's reinstatement of the Global Gag Rule ignores decades of research, instead favoring ideological politics over women and families. We know that when family planning services and contraceptives are easily accessible, there are fewer unplanned pregnancies, maternal deaths, and abortions. And when women have control over their reproductive health, it improves the long-term health of mothers and children and creates a lasting economic benefit. I will continue to stand up to President Trump and Republican leadership in Congress who are intent on rolling back women's access to reproductive healthcare, and will introduce bipartisan legislation to repeal the Global Gag Rule for good."
Shaheen has been a leader in the Senate on family planning issues and on international family planning in particular. This month, Shaheen addressed the issue with President Trump's cabinet nominees Rex Tillerson and Nikki Haley in their respective confirmation hearings.
The New York Times published an editorial on Sunday (11/24/13) that offered a puzzling history of the US war in Afghanistan:
From his first campaign for the White House, President Obama has vowed to end more than a decade of war, bring the troops home and put America on a less militaristic footing. He has reduced the forces in Afghanistan from about 100,000 in 2010 to about 47,000 today and has promised that all American and international combat forces will be out by the end of 2014.
Now, most people know that Obama did not take office in 2010. So why offer that as the starting point in an analysis of how Obama is “bring[ing] the troops home”? Perhaps because it makes it seem like Obama is actually doing that–even though the facts tell a different story.
When Obama took office, there were about 32,000 US troops in Afghanistan. A massive escalation of that war on Obama's watch brought the total near 100,000 (ThinkProgress, 6/22/11). So there's still almost half again as many US troops in Afghanistan as there were when Obama came to the White House. This is a strange way to “bring the troops home.”
The Times editorial is trying to argue that Obama “still has to make a case” for keeping troops there after 2014. That's certainly true. But why the Times seems to want to erase the significant increase in Afghanistan troop levels under Obama is a mystery.
Garry McCarthy was the superintendent of the Chicago Police Department. He was dismissed by Mayor Rahm Emanuel following the police shooting death of a young African-American male named Laquan McDonald. That shooting resulted in not only protests throughout the city, but also an investigation by the Department of Justice. Attorney General Loretta Lynch shared the agency's findings on Friday after a 13-month probe, but McCarthy predicted what she would say shortly before she even took the mic.
"I think the results were predetermined when they got here," McCarthy stated on Fox News Friday morning.
A few moments later, the DOJ provided a damning report about the CPD, accusing the department of a pattern of "excessive force."
McCarthy surmised that the DOJ had a "political need" that had to be fulfilled which was more important than getting it right. How else could he explain why the agency never interviewed him or other relevant people on the force?
"What's the rush?" he wondered. The agency was much too eager to get this report done before the next administration, he noted.
When asked if the investigation was conducted in a way that would put Emanuel in a good light, McCarthy said "nothing would surprise" him.
If the force has problems, "we need to fix them," he agreed. But, it was obvious there was a strong "political pull" behind the DOJ report.
"I'm not sure the police know what their job is anymore," he said.
Following Check Point's recent discovery of a new communication scheme implemented by the Locky ransomware, our research teams decided to take a closer look at the inner workings of this new variant and map any new features it introduces.
When Locky first appeared, we thoroughly analyzed its logic, like many other industry researchers. Our analysis showed that while not very sophisticated, Locky is a very efficient malware with a solid functionality and encryption algorithms. Judging by the amount of victim reports and detections generated by Locky in the past month alone, it is safe to say our observation was indeed correct.
Locky's major drawback is not in its code, but rather in the quick and effective response by the security industry. Many successful security detections, on almost any possible security platform, caused the actors behind Locky to miss out on potential victims, as the malware was blocked from execution or even blocked altogether by internet gateways, not reaching the victim's computer at all. The changes we observed in this new Locky variant clearly show the Locky creators are very much aware of this fact, and therefore increased their efforts to evade security controls to gain a higher infection rate.
Infection Vector
Unlike previous Locky variants, which were spread mainly via email and documents containing malicious macros, this new variant is spread mainly through the Nuclear exploit kit, making the infection process more efficient while bypassing any email or document security inspections. Using an Exploit Kit for infection makes it much easier to infect victims with Locky, since the malware is delivered to the system using known browser exploits and does not require any user interaction at all.
Configuration Block Obfuscation
The previous versions of Locky contained an embedded configuration block. This configuration block contains information about the current sample as well as a list of static C&C server addresses.
Shadow Execution
Prior to execution of any of its original logic, the new Locky variant attempts to place a shadow copy of itself in a newly allocated memory region. It then passes execution to this region by pivoting the process's stack while deleting the code from the originally allocated memory pages. This technique is probably used to try and avoid common sandboxes, memory detections, or other naive dynamic analysis methods.
Random Registry Keys
In its previous version, Locky saved its persistent configuration data, including the unique computer ID, public-key, and payment text in the fixed registry key HKCU\Software\Locky. This made it easy to identify Locky with dynamic execution methods by simply looking for the presence of this registry key.
The new Locky variant, however, chooses a random registry key and values (per-host), making it harder to anticipate the exact registry key and values used.
Communication
As detailed in our previous blog post, several changes were made in the new variant's HTTP communication. These changes reside mostly in the addition of several new HTTP headers, as well as in the change of the main C&C URI. Additionally, as opposed to previous variants, Locky first attempts to use the default system Internet Explorer User-Agent. If Locky fails to retrieve the default user agent value, a hard-coded user agent is used instead. The value of the hardcoded user-agent is: “Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 8.0; Windows NT 5.1; Trident/4.0; .NET4.0C; .NET4.0E)”
DGA
The DGA algorithm is the main pillar of Locky's evasive communication methods. It is responsible for the daily domain generation process, which renders C&C detection almost useless.
The previous Locky variant introduced several changes in its DGA algorithm within its relatively short lifetime. These changes were made either by introducing slight bit-wise changes to the algorithm or by changing the random seed value used by the algorithm. The new variant, however, made more substantial changes to the algorithm with modifications to the DGA algorithm flow and overall behavior. Some of these changes include:
A change in the possible top-level domains for the generated domains.
The new top-level-domain list contains “ru, info, biz, click, su, work, pl, org, pw and xyz” extensions. A prolog routine within the DGA algorithm responsible for value calculation has significantly changed from a single iteration to multi-iteration while adding additional XOR operations and constants into its operation.
System Artifacts
System artifacts are always a key factor used by security vendors to detect the presence of any type of malware. One of Locky's most famous, consistent and apparent artifacts is the presence of text and image files, which contain the payment and decryption instructions. In previous Locky variants, the file name was “_Locky_recover_instructions”. In the new version, the file name is “HELP_instructions.txt”. This small change may seem irrelevant, but is probably the reason for many missed detections of the new variant.
The message containing payment instructions remains mostly the same.
Conclusion
The new Locky variant was first detected a week prior to the writing of this post and the evasive changes it introduces make its current detection rate much lower than its predecessor. While Check Point's ThreadCloud has not reported a very large number of detections for this new variant, this can be explained by the sudden shift of infection infrastructure to a new, less-popular exploit kit. Based on the high profit potential it holds, we expect to see many more infections by this new variant in the future.
Detection
Check Point's customers using SandBlast, IPS blade and Anti-bot products are protected against this new Locky variant.
Indicators of Compromise
SHA-256 8f708c299215e2d0e8ce557c96ec771acdbbfffa46a25330caa61fe841e23877 003d28f180472b832722435d27e216835a8a330f992797006d307f8f14c4a2d3 2674aebd85c3d0a384edf57c82ef22b3de5fa8aaa1217f80a1d47f71d71ae87d 5780dde27ff31a38c269e763f3648bdabcad25d5db083c43c55502fdefe9f051 588dfcfe90feaedc724b80919b580e4398f1b8474f5aae979de0e76e7c6c07e4 64d51aaf4abe4e87013056277277f05c55c6554d2a7005374f254983ac846c4d a2e965cde2b734cc99a8f69ad1a7549ba740c5983a90490f6a3701ca2bca966c a5dc65cbe073898d09d2e07480f430a585cb309316cb4a32e3548b68c7416518 abf1caa982e32c8eb73916083504d42e6851fcbc09772a52e815df0e4fbdcdb5 e608637e38fc964bee96984ed568e5095451787030d6a8f75bf9be8511a91691 f229c3ffa4de0bd43eaf1f7cbad920147982dd79f6032027117e23d5f6369f7e
Downloader URLs http://sd[.]alexandrepioto[.]com[.]br http://dev[.]reflexiondeunamujer[.]com[.]ar http://ekotrade[.]pl http://iq[.]loanemperors[.]com[.]au http://our[.]shresthasanjay[.]com.np http://git[.]futvenennumeros[.]com.ve http://goldish[.]dk http://vtdrive[.]kz http://greenellebox[.]com http://downloadroot[.]com http://psxshop[.]hu http://www[.]stopeugenicsnow[.]eu
Beginning of phone transcripts for 1-800-XXX-XXXX on date 11/20/2017
Call #1
(Operator): Hi, this is Marie, how are you doing this morning?
(Caller): Not good, I guess.
(Operator): I'm sorry to hear that. What's going on in your life right now?
(Caller): I honestly, don't really know, I … I just feel like I can't fucking do it anymore. I know I can't. I want to be dead.
(Operator): Ok, Ok, well, I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want to give a name? What is it that makes you feel like you can't go on?
(Caller): I'm Nobody.
(Operator): Hi, Nobody. Like I mentioned, I'm Marie, and I'm here to listen to you.
(Caller): [muffled coughing]
(Caller): Hi.
(Caller): Yeah, I dunno. One way or another, I'm gonna be dead by the end of today. Most of me really wants that, but part of me doesn't.
(Operator): Well, let's just talk a bit, Nobody. Have you planned anything?
(Caller): I haven't planned anything. I never got to do any planning, anything.
(Operator): Ok, where are you now?
(Caller): On the subway.
(Operator): Cool, alright. So you aren't alone?
(Caller): There's an old man here eating pizza … I, uh … [muffled] som—
(Operator): Ok … Oh, sorry.
(Caller): Some kids, a few Jews.
(Operator): I see. What's frustrating you the most at this very moment?
(Caller): I guess my dad.
(Operator): Ahh, ok, so you're having some problems with your old man?
(Caller): He's been pushing me a lot, and [muffled]. I guess he's always been really hard on me. Wants to shit his way. Says that He lives through him. He wants … well, he just doesn't listen.
(Operator): Gotcha. In what ways does he push you?
(Caller): It's been like this ever since grade school. He would just, well, he was always comparing, he compared … like, me, to the other kids in the school. He would say shit like “Look at those heebs, Nobody. They work HARD. That is why they're successful in everything!” It's fucking driving me crazy. My mom tries to talk him down, but gets nowhere.
(Operator): Ahh, ok. Ok. So he's very hard on you, academically, and he won't back off, even when you and your mom try to explain things to him.
(Caller): I guess.
(Operator): Well, Nobody, just keep in mind that a lot of what parents do is from love. They want their children to succeed and be alright. But please don't feel like you need to live your life the way your father wants.
(Caller): He's going to be calling me soon.
(Operator): Your father?
(Caller): He calls me to do things I don't want, but need to do.
(Operator): Well, is it a situation where you're still living at home?
(Caller): I live with the family.
(Caller): I just can't …
[hang up]
(Operator): Nobody? Hello? Hello?
Call #2
(Operator): Hi, this is Marie. Who am I speaking with?
(Caller): [sigh]
(Caller): Hey again. This is Nobody.
(Operator): Nobody! Hi. I'm honestly glad you called back. How are things?
(Caller): Uhh, bad.
(Operator): Oh? Did something happen? What's up with you right now?
(Caller): I screwed up. I [muffled] and messed up everything. I'm a fucking retard.
(Operator): How's that? Are you OK?
(Caller): No I'm not fucking OK!
(Operator): Alright, it's alright. Let's talk it through. Did you get your call from your father?
(Caller): Yeah, the first one.
(Operator): Oh, so he's going to call you back? Can I ask how the call went? Is he upset with you, or?
(Caller): He's upset now.
(Operator): Why, do you think?
(Caller): Because I'm not where I'm supposed to be. He'll call again, then I'm dead.
(Operator): How do you mean?
(Caller): Was supposed to be at Grand Central Terminal, but I stayed on the train.
(Operator): Oh. Were you going to meet him there?
(Caller): Not exactly.
(Operator): Going somewhere, then? Work related?
(Caller): Work.
(Operator): Ok. So you missed work. Is it because you're anxious/stressed about the job?
(Caller): Yeah.
(Operator): And your father, does he know about this?
(Caller): Know what? About the job, I mean of co—
(Operator): That you're stressed about the job. Oops, sorry to cut you off.
(Caller): No.
(Operator): Ahh, so he thinks you're happy with it?
(Caller): [voice wavering] I am happy with it. I …
(Caller): [crying]
(Operator): It's Ok, Nobody, take as long as you need, bud.
(Caller): FUCK. How the fuck could I … ? How can I … ?
(Operator): I'm here for you.
[phone impacts something solid, static can be heard]
(Operator): H-Hello?
(Caller): [incoherent shouting]
[a woman's voice, incoherent]
(Operator): Nobody? Hello? Are you alright?
[approximately 2 minutes of silence, ambient noise from a train]
(Caller): [picks phone back up]
(Caller): [breathing]
(Operator): Nobody? Is that you? Are you alright?
(Caller): It's me.
(Caller): I just felt like I needed to, I dunno. Scream, I guess. I'm about to blow.
(Operator): Did I hear someone else with you? Is everyone OK?
(Caller): Yeah.
(Operator): No one's hurt, including you?
(Caller): No.
(Operator): Good, I'm glad. You aren't having thoughts about hurting yourself, are you?
(Caller): I mean, yeah?
(Operator): Ok, Nobody, let's try to settle down. You don't have anything on you that could be used to hurt yourself or someone else, do you?
(Caller): …
(Operator): Nobody?
(Caller): Yeah, I do.
(Operator): Ok. Can I ask what it is? Something like a knife?
(Caller): I have a boxcutter, but it's dull.
(Operator): A boxcutter? Ok. Are you still on the train? Anyone else around?
(Caller): No, I got off and I'm at some terminal.
(Caller): And yeah, there's some people around. Not as many as, well—
(Operator): Ok, well, is there any way you can put that boxcutter somewhere? Just to be safe? Can you throw it into one of the trash bins?
(Caller): Alright.
(Caller): Ok, it's done.
(Operator): Great, that's good. You're doing the right thing, Nobody.
(Caller): Not really. I've pretty much fucked everything up.
(Operator): No. No, you haven't. You've taken steps to protect yourself and other people. You've shown you care about—
(Caller): I don't care about anything, honestly. I'm a fucking apostate.
(Operator): That's not true! You—
(Caller): It's not like I can take the vest off anyway, even if I, well, wanted to.
(Operator): I, uh, what do you mean? Your work vest?
(Caller): …
[moment of silence]
(Operator): Nobody?
(Caller): What?
(Operator): Oh, you went silent there for a second. Are you still OK?
[phone ringing]
(Operator): Is that your phone?
(Caller): Yeah.
(Operator): Dad calling?
(Caller): Yeah.
[ringing stops]
(Operator): Remember, Nobody, don't think you have to live up to every expectation your father has of you. You're your own person. Don't judge yourself based on someone else's rubrick.
(Caller): He is my judge.
[text message sound]
[explosion]
Matter-Eater Lad (real name Tenzil Kem) is a superhero in the DC Universe. He is a member of the Legion of Super-Heroes and possesses the power to eat matter in all forms, as do all natives of his home planet, Bismoll. He first appears in Adventure Comics #303 (December 1962).
Publication history [ edit ]
Matter-Eater Lad first appeared in Adventure Comics #303 and was created by Jerry Siegel and John Forte.
Fictional character biography [ edit ]
Pre–Zero Hour [ edit ]
Matter-Eater Lad is the fifteenth member inducted into the Legion of Super-Heroes, joining soon after Bouncing Boy. In his first appearance, Matter-Eater Lad explains his origins, saying that the natives of Bismoll found that microbes had made all their food inedible, and that the populace evolved their ability to eat all matter as a survival mechanism.[1] Tenzil's mother is named Mitz Kem, his father Rall. His brother, Renkil, tries to take Tenzil's place in the Legion during one story (Superboy #184). Their family life is shown to be rough. He has an unrequited crush on Shrinking Violet, which features for the bulk of the Legion's run in Adventure Comics.
He appears rarely in Legion stories, as the writers struggled with the problem of how to make his power useful in a fight and was routinely written out via a plot device where Tenzil was constantly being drafted into his planet's political system due to his fame as a Legion member. During one of his first draftings to be in politics, he put in a good word for fellow Bismollian, Calorie Queen, who had somewhat similar powers as him, but also had the ability to turn caloric energy into super strength. Matter-Eater Lad has one major heroic moment, though, when he saves the universe by eating the previously thought to be indestructible Miracle Machine, though the energies of the device leave him insane for several years.[2] He is ultimately cured by Brainiac Five. He would later avert the conquest of Bismoll by an army of Computo replicas, with the assistance of the Legion Subs (this mission would cause Polar Boy to disband his group, and join the Legion proper).[3]
In volume 4 of Legion of the Super-Heroes Matter-Eater Lad plays a significant role. Keith Giffen, who had much success with humor in his 1987 Justice League relaunch, revamped Tenzil Kem (which could arguably be explained as consequence of his regained sanity) as a free spirit who rebels against his planet's virtual enslavement of him as a senator by becoming a multimedia celebrity, using his planet's tax money to finance multiple television shows that allow Tenzil to leave his planet for trips to Earth and other planets for adventure and fun. While Tenzil's exploits generates disdain from his world's rulers, his adventures make him even more popular with the masses of his homeworld, resulting in Tenzil being kept on as senator. "Trust me, I'm a senator" is an oft-uttered catchphrase during this period. Tenzil eventually comes into conflict with former Legion villain Prince Evillo, founder of The Devil's Dozen, and is sent to a Hades-like dimension. Upon his return, he discovers that, having been technically dead, he has been voted out of office by the opposition party (who dislike both his disrespect for their traditions and his overwhelming popularity), so he leaves Bismoll for adventure.
During the "Five Year Gap" following the Magic Wars, Earth fell under the covert control of the Dominators, and withdrew from the United Planets. When fellow Legionnaire Polar Boy was unjustly imprisoned by Earthgov for speaking out against the Dominators, Tenzil traveled to Earth, and used his force of will and absurdist sense of humor to free him. Tenzil rejoined the Legion, and since the team was operating without the assistance of the United Planets, his political connections and owed favors became very important to the Legion. Matter-Eater Lad ultimately seduced and married former Legion villain Saturn Queen.
Soon thereafter, the members of the Dominators' highly classified "Batch SW6" escaped captivity. Originally, Batch SW6 appeared to be a group of teenage Legionnaire clones, created from samples apparently taken just prior to Ferro Lad's death at the hands of the Sun-Eater. Later, they were revealed to be time-paradox duplicates every bit as legitimate as their older counterparts. After Earth was destroyed in a disaster reminiscent of the destruction of Krypton over a millennium earlier,[4] a few dozen surviving cities and their inhabitants reconstituted their world as New Earth. The SW6 Legionnaires—including their version of Matter-Eater Lad—remained.
Post–Zero Hour [ edit ]
After the events of the Zero Hour miniseries, Legion continuity was completely rebooted. Tenzil Kem (along with Bouncing Boy) are recast as part of the Legion's civilian support staff. Tenzil serves as the team's personal chef. Unlike the post-Zero Hour Bouncing Boy (who ultimately does join the team, as the group's pilot) Tenzil never joins the team, though he does help the team out during several battles when the group's base is attacked. Unlike his pre-Zero Hour counterpart, Tenzil's spit is similar to acid.
Tenzil Kem was reintroduced in the current run of the Legion as a government agent, investigating Cosmic Boy's disappearance and the legality of his final act as Legion leader. He seems to possess the powers of his previous incarnations, escaping a deathtrap by devouring an entire silo full of grain. He also bites off the pointer finger of Mekt Ranzz.
Post-Infinite Crisis [ edit ]
The events of the Infinite Crisis miniseries have apparently restored a close analogue of the Pre-Crisis Legion to continuity, as seen in "The Lightning Saga" story arc in Justice League of America and Justice Society of America, and in the "Superman and the Legion of Super-Heroes" story arc in Action Comics. Matter-Eater Lad is included in their number but is MIA. In Final Crisis: Legion of 3 Worlds #5, the SW6 version of Matter-Eater Lad was among the many Legionnaires pulled from the Multiverse to fight the Time Trapper.
In Superman #694, Matter-Eater Lad is revealed to have been masquerading as Mon-El's friend Mitch, owner of a local cafe. He reveals his identity by stepping in to save a woman trapped in a burning car, allowing Mon-El to continue fighting the larger threats.
As revealed in Adventure Comics (vol. 2) #8, Matter-Eater Lad is part of a secret team sent by the late RJ Brande to the 21st century to save the future in the Last Stand of New Krypton storyline.
In other media [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Matter-Eater Lad appears in the Legion of Super Heroes TV series, voiced by Alexander Polinsky. In the episode "Champions," Matter-Eater Lad appears (in his civilian identity as Tenzil Kem) as a participant in the Intergalactic Games, an Olympics-like event in which Lightning Lad also competes. When the Fatal Five attack the Games, Kem and Jo Nah of Rimbor help the Legion defeat them event to the point where Kem ate through the handle of the Persuader's Atomic Axe. He does not have a speaking part in the episode. He reappears in the episode "The Substitutes" where he tries out for the Legion as Matter-Eater Lad and gains membership. He distinguishes himself by calmly eating an ionosphere-eating monster without a worry—and notes it tasted like chicken. He appears in the first-season finale, Sundown, helping to stop the Sun-Eater. He returns in the Season Two premiere taking a bite out of Emerald Empress' Emerald Eye of Ekron and accidentally putting himself into a coma. In the episode "In The Beginning," he is shown to be conscious, but still in the hospital. In the "Dark Victory" two-parter, he is shown to have returned to active duty. He was mentioned in Teen Titans Go! (TV series) episode "The Fight".
Toys [ edit ]
Matter-Eater Lad was included as part of Mattel's DC Universe Classics Legion of Super-Heroes 12-pack of action figures.
Trivia [ edit ]
American indie rock band Guided By Voices recorded a song based on the character called "Matter-Eater Lad" for their 1994 EP Clown Prince of the Menthol Trailer.
References [ edit ]
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The route for the Liverpool start of the UK's largest professional cycling race has been unveiled.
The Friends Life Tour of Britain “Grand Depart” takes place on Sunday, September 7, and the start and finish of the race will take place in front of the Three Graces.
It is also expected thousands of residents and visitors will take part in the free Sky Ride Liverpool Big Bike event which allows families to get on their bikes and experience part of the route before the main race.
The Sky Ride will run from 9am-12.30pm from Sefton Park (Croxteth Gate) to Princes Road, on to Upper Parliament Street and Wapping.
Then it's the turn of the professionals from 2.15pm to around 4.45pm, starting at George's Dock Gates and heading along The Strand, up Upper Parliament Street, Princes Avenue, and around Sefton Park on Mossley Hill Drive and Aigburth Drive.
The route then doubles back on itself and, after 10 laps of the 13-kilometre circuit, will finish on The Strand.
Stage One will include intermediate sprints at the finish line on laps two, four and six of the eight-lap race.
Riders will also contest a King of the Mountains on Parliament Street on laps three, five and seven.
Friends Life Tour of Britain race director Mick Bennett said: “The route for the opening stage is going to be spectacular and iconic, whether people are watching at the roadside or at home on the live television coverage.
“With a Sky Ride beforehand and then some of the world's best cyclists racing across 10 laps afterwards, Stage One will be a great, free day out for spectators in Liverpool.
“With a fast finish along The Strand in front of the Three Graces, the stage is tailor-made for the sprinters, with the stage winner set to pull on the first Friends Life Yellow Jersey of the 2014 race.” This is the first time the city has had the honour of hosting this opening stage, although it has been involved with the event before by holding stage finishes in 2006 and 2008, and a stage start in 2007.
Stage Two will start at Knowsley Safari Park, a previous host of the race, and take in Runcorn Bridge before heading off to Llandudno.
Liverpool's assistant mayor and cabinet member for sport, Cllr Wendy Simon, said: “We're delighted to be hosting the opening stage of this prestigious race and excitement will really start to build now the route has been revealed.
“It will take in many of the beautiful sights of the city and will be amazing for these elite cyclists to take in.”
As an eight year veteran of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, mixed martial arts fans are used to seeing Joe Lauzon throw down and put people to sleep inside the Octagon.
While the Bridgewater native is set to do battle once again at Foxwoods on Friday night, it's his baby son Joey who's already won the biggest fight of the summer.
Born to Lauzon and his fiancé Katie Silva in January of this year, baby Joey was forced to come out of the womb swinging after being diagnosed with neuroblastoma, a common form of cancer in infants.
“He was born Jan. 12, which was a Sunday, and they transferred us to Children's Hospital on Thursday. On Friday, they said, ‘Oh, you're going to meet with a bunch of specialists,' then the only specialists that came around was oncology,'' Lauzon recently told Boston.com. “They were pretty sure what it was but did a biopsy to confirm, and then he started chemo right away.''
Advertisement
Aside from some breathing issues at birth, the couple wasn't sure what else Joey was in for until doctors revealed that their son had a tumor the size of an adult fist pushing on his spinal cord.
Initially, it looked like it was going to be a long and painful road for little Joey.
“They kind of gave us the worst case scenario,'' Lauzon said. “They were like, ‘We're not going to sugarcoat this. You should expect eight rounds of chemotherapy. You should expect surgery. you should expect radiation.'''
From left: Katie Silva, baby Joey, and Joe Lauzon at Lauzon Mixed Martial Arts in Easton on Aug. 27. —Matt Juul for Boston.com
While Lauzon and Silva took solace in the fact that the cancer was detected very early on, it was still hard for them to watch their son go through such an aggressive treatment plan.
However, baby Joey proved to be an inspiration for his parents, and acted like a true warrior through it all.
“He had a chest tube, he was intubated at one point, he was on all kinds of breathing stuff, and he really didn't complain, didn't cry that much,'' Lauzon said. “He would just suck a little bit harder on his pacifier. He did a really good job of just pushing through and dealing with it.''
Advertisement
Like his father, Joey decided to finish the fight early, and was declared cancer free on July 3 after just three rounds of chemotherapy.
“We were really surprised at how well he did, because we were expecting a really, really more intense treatment than he actually got,'' Silva said. “But he just did so well, and his cancer just responded so quick and so well to the chemo that he only needed three rounds.''
Despite the good news, little Joey didn't come out of treatment completely unscathed, as he must wear hearing aids due to mild hearing loss in one ear and moderate hearing loss in the other.
Buy Tickets
Joey will also be more at risk for things like childhood leukemia and certain forms of heart disease, but Lauzon admits that things could have been much worse for his baby boy.
“That's kind of crappy, but when you compare that to the possibility of a wheelchair or all kinds of other bad stuff, it's not that bad,'' Lauzon said.
With his son's ordeal now behind him, Lauzon is now focusing on his upcoming match-up with “The Ultimate Fighter'' season 15 winner Michael Chiesa at Foxwoods on Sept. 5.
“J-Lau'' can't thank his fiancé enough for keeping their household in order as his training camp geared up over the summer.
“I'm always in the gym, and with this stuff, obviously, I wasn't in the gym as much as I would have been otherwise, but Katie did an awesome job,'' Lauzon said. “She was the one getting up with him all the time. When he woke up in the morning, she was the one getting up with him. I was able to do everything that I wanted to do and needed to do in camp.''
Advertisement
Following his fight against Chiesa, Lauzon and the rest of Team Joey will be participating in the Boston Marathon Jimmy Fund Walk on Sept. 21. The couple hopes to raise over $100,000 for the Boston Children's Hospital, whom they credit with saving Joey's life.
“They saved his life. They knew exactly, just from looking at one x-ray that hadn't even been done at Children's, they knew that he had cancer,'' Silva said. “We felt so confident in all the decisions that they made for him. We just knew that he's in the best place, they were taking the best care of him.''
Regardless of the outcome on Friday night, the Lauzon family knows they've already won the biggest fight of the year, and just hope the best for their little Joey going forward.
“It was definitely inspiring on my end, the fact that here's this little tiny baby with cancer and he kicked its butt,'' Lauzon said. “If he could go through that, he can do anything.''
The Dinnington-based team has taken a significant step forward this season, in part thanks to the use of the Mercedes engine, but it is still struggling to escape the last positions in most races.
"There is no doubt that this year's car is a massive step on last year's. But we are still nowhere near quick enough," Ryan told Reuters in an interview.
"This year we're definitely able to be competitive with some of the cars around us and the performance gap we had to find to do that was massive. But we need the same improvement again.
"It's not one area in particular, it's everywhere," he added.
Midfield target
Ryan concedes Manor may need up to five years to start fighting in the midfield.
"We clearly desire to be a really solid midfield team, but we also know that's a long game.
"We are not going to get there this year or next year. It might take four or five years," he added.
The New Zealander, whose team's best result this year has been a 13th place in Bahrain, said beating Sauber is its main goal at the moment.
The Swiss squad has scored a couple of 12th-place finishes, and Ryan says Manor would be disappointed not to finish in the top 10 in the standings.
"The way we look at it is they are just another team we've got to try and beat. It just happens to be Sauber next door to us and to some people they are the obvious target.
"I think we'd be very disappointed if we didn't finish 10th, that's for sure."
Matches are part of any good backcountry kit, but we don't need them. The modern match is an industrial-era interloper that stuck around. Today (a day in June), under a shade canopy, next to a tent, at the edge of one of the parking lots for the ninth-annual Firefly Gathering outside of Barnardsville, North Carolina, our “Making Fire” teacher has no matches. He does, however, have chaga, amadou, and an ax. Chaga is a mushroom that grows on birch trees. Amadou is a horse hoof or tinder fungus that burns “like gasoline.” You can “find it on dead maples near water.” He processed his by soaking it in wood ash, then boiling it, so it's soft now, like leather.
These are like the supplies unearthed in 1991 with the body of a man from 5,300 years ago, along the Austro-Italian border. Our teacher, Shawn, speaks with fellow-feeling of that frozen, tattooed man. “The Iceman” wore a cloak of plaited grass and a poncho of untanned hide. He had a container for carrying embers, and another for making fire. In that kit were pieces of flint, tinder from the pulp of a mushroom, and the dust of pyrite: enough to prepare a last meal of ibex, before dying from a blow to the head.
Shawn comes from the part of the Carolinas that are “hot and flat and flat and hot.” Recently he went to McDonald's to collect some yucca for a bowdrill spindle, and a guy came out, all huffy, and accused him of trespassing. Shawn told him that he was “practicing survival” right there by the dumpsters, one part of which is “practicing fire.” He says this phrase like a man convicted of his love. The infatuation becomes a skill, the skill a way of being, and then a whole life.
“I like things that'll do more than one thing,” Shawn says. Fire does that best of all: it can clean, warm, cook, signal, and make a way. “It's like the never-ending gobstopper.”
I like this man. Like most of the people here, he has a knife on one hip. Unlike most of them, he keeps his shirt on, smokes cigarettes, sawmills for a living, and insists that a woman take his camp chair, so I do.
This is the first class of four days. In time, the other campers and I will weave pine-needle baskets, throw tomahawks, make sinew glue, get bitten, go on “myoclogy crawls,” greet our ancestors, or stay up for “ecstatic drumming.” We're a quiet lot, the firemakers, and only one of us is wearing a buckskin bikini: the cool-kid clothes.
Shawn's spread our tools on a folding table and a tarp. Rocks can be ranked from one to ten—from talc to diamonds—and he has a pile of “pretty damn hard ones” on the ground. Chert, jasper, quartzite, obsidian, the broken pieces of a porcelain toilet, which, thus translated, is called “johnstone.” There's a bundle of southern yellow pine—the “fat lighter” or “grease wood”—that will catch when it's wet and smells divine. There are charred portions of what was his wife's 100-percent cotton washrag, the seashell imprint still visible, and blackened Kodak and Altoid tins for charring more. There's a package of steel wool and another of jute twine; buckets of amadou and chaga, both cooked and raw; a cheap hacksaw blade, that can be broken into fire starters; and big bags of cattail down, mugwort, and the cambium layer from the bark of cottonwood, cedar, tulip polar, and birch. There's a beautiful row of oval- and C-shaped fire steels for making sparks: Colonials, Hudson Bay, French Ovals, and one that's shaped like a handlebar moustache, which he gives to a bare-chested friend who stops by. Of the fire steels, Shawn says: “There was a time when these were money.” He notes how many beaver pelts the Lewis and Clark expedition could get in exchange for some.
There are eight or nine of us students, including one teen-aged boy who says nothing, ever, but lights his chin-length hair on fire repeatedly. Our first task is to make tinder bundles. For models, there is a packrat's nest that Shawn found in his garage, and a bird's nest that fell to the ground. You could burn either of them, or you could study their shape and work to replicate it. I take some cambium and work it in my hands. The big strands must become small strands, which you roll and press together. Shawn tells us to make it “look like something your cat threw up that dried on the couch,” which isn't quite right, as it all smells so good. I get my bundle curled and tight, and work in the looser cattail down. I press my thumbs to make an indentation. That's where the egg could go, or the fire. It is, or will be, “one big match.”
We ought to practice these motions with our eyes closed—all ears and nose and touch. That way we'll know how to make fire in the dark, the same dark that many of us here seek out for solace, and others trust is coming, one way or another.
When your tinder bundle is ready, you set it aside. You take a rock, your “Gerber all-in-one tool,” and rough up the edge of a big piece of chert or what-have-you. That's where you're aiming to break off hunk, then you come down hard. If you've done well, you'll have a piece that's round, a little smaller than your palm, and as “sharp as the workday's long.” Take that in one hand and press your scrap of tinder on top: steel wool, amadou, charred cloth, the last newspaper of the last city, some jute. There are people who walk around picking up animal fibers that they alone seem to see—fine hairs from a rutting elk, say. Those will do, too.
Then you need steel. You strike the rock with the backside of your knife if it's a good one, but the motion will “booger it up.” The steel must be high-carbon steel, and properly annealed for toughness, until it's “hotter than the hinges hanging off the gates of hell.” Get your wrist loose, like hey-ay. Then go.
I take a pretty French Oval with curls at each end and swing against the sharp edge of chert. When it sparks I wait, wondering. It stays. It catches. There is, I should mention, no wind and no rain, no enemy, or stampede. I take that ragged black square, smoldering now, and place it in my tinder bundle. The motions are surprisingly ginger. Now I cradle the nest, bring it to my face, and blow.
There's fire. There's food. There's civilization.
I thank my teacher and wander off. The composting toilets are nicer than the port-a-potties. The cows seem melancholy. The swimming pond is clothing-optional each evening at 5:30. A radical bookstore from Asheville arrives with coffee, that best import, and I bless them for it.
My phone has no signal and won't for days. I'll fall asleep to fireflies and wake up soaked in rain. My white athletic socks look like freak flags in these woods, where bark makes a backpack, and hide, the best skirts; that low moan is a didgeridoo; if you want a spoon, get carving; and the thing to do with your moontime blood is let it fall to the earth.
PRIME Minister Tony Abbott will vow to “Kung Fu'' red tape and redundant laws on the road to junking 9000 useless rules and regulation.
In the biggest single reduction of federal laws on the books in the nation's history, Mr Abbott will pledge on Wednesday to scrap $1 billion in red and green tape.
Mr Abbott will terminate a long list of bizarre laws including archaic standards for calibrating imperial measuring equipment for pints and gallons that have remained the law of the land despite the fact that Australia switched to the metric system in the 1970s.
The demolition project will include junking rules that require separate classification applications for 3D and 2D versions of films, including Kung Fu Panda, Avatar and Frozen. Last year over 3000 films were classified at a standard fee per classification of over $1000 for a film, most of which were reclassifications of older films in different formats.
Job service providers will also no longer be forced to keep paper records of all applications, a requirement that demanded 336 filing cabinets just to hold the applications.
“We are determined to cut $1 billion every year in red and green tape costs,''' Mr Abbott told the Sunday Telegraph.
This will improve our nation's competitiveness, help to create more jobs and lower household costs.
“This will improve our nation's competitiveness, help to create more jobs and lower household costs.
“I've listened to people across Australia tell me about the impact of red tape on their businesses, schools and community groups.
“This will be our first Repeal Day but there will be many more.''
The Prime Minister wrote to all ministers before Christmas asking their offices to submit plans to reduce red tape and unnecessary laws.
The Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet also now demands that all cabinet submissions include a Regulatory Impact Statement outlining the red tape impact of new laws.
Other laws to go in Mr Abbott's Repeal Day celebrations include an act from 1904 governing State Naval Divisions that has been redundant since 1913 when the Royal Australian Navy was formed.
Universities will also no longer be required to submit reports on the use of their lecture theatres, seminar and tutorial rooms, laboratories, academic offices and computerised student workspaces.
It is estimated the change will save universities $87,000 a year.
The repeal day is scheduled for the House of Representatives on March 26, following the introduction of an omnibus red tape reduction bill and a series of specific deregulation bills on March 19.
Although the former Gillard government boasted of passing hundreds of laws despite a hung parliament, Parliamentary Secretary to the PM Joshua Frydenberg said many of the laws simply made life more difficult.
Brock University students responded with frustration and anger following a CBC News investigation that revealed a former student was asked to keep quiet about a report that found her professor gave her alcohol and tried to force himself on her sexually late one night in his office.
The university announced Friday, following the revelations from CBC News, that the professor in this case, David Schimmelpenninck van der Oye, is no longer "assigned to a class and is not on campus."
He was, however, teaching at the school until last week, CBC News confirmed.
University president Jack Lightstone addressed students via Facebook on Friday to explain the school's position.
"We regret the emotional trauma this incident has caused to the complainant," wrote Lightstone. "It is important you all know that Brock staff were supportive and responsive as soon as they learned of the complaint."
Many students weren't impressed.
"Never been ashamed to be a Brock grad until today," wrote Brendan Spearin. "Disappointing to say the least, I hope the university can grow from this incident so it never ever ever ever repeats."
"What is most shocking and frightening is the fact that we wouldn't have known about this matter if it wasn't for the CBC article," added Arijit Dasgupta.
"The Brock administration did a shameful and careless job to cover up the investigation findings, rather than act on them promptly."
President reaches out to student who came forward
The university's investigation report, obtained by CBC News, was completed in January and accepts the student's version of events.
It found the incident "involved an unwelcome sexual advance, inappropriate and unwelcome physical touching, comments of a sexual nature [and] a provocative comment attempting to arrange ongoing intimacy."
Prof. David Schimmelpenninck told an investigator he was too drunk to remember what had occurred. (Brock University website) CBC News asked Schimmelpenninck van der Oye for an interview, but he did not return our emails.
Earlier this week Lightstone contacted the student who made the complaint, to thank her for coming forward.
The phone call took place after CBC News got in touch with the university and more than two months after the university's investigation confirmed the student's allegations.
"He reached out after he had been interviewed by CBC, which made it seem much less genuine," the student told CBC News.
"Had he been concerned for me and really wanted to congratulate me on coming forward, he probably would have done so right after the final report, not the day after he had met with CBC and realized there was trouble brewing," said the woman, whose identity we are withholding at her request.
The student first complained to the university in September of 2015. While discussing her options with Brock Human Resources, the student was told in an email from a manager, "My preference is to address the matter internally."
The student says Lightstone, in her phone call with him, seemed also to highlight the benefits of Brock's internal process over an outside process.
"He said, well, the good part of handling within the department is that sometimes it leads to a resolution, where if you go to the police it's not always enough to even charge someone," the student said.
"I don't think they should be discouraging people at all from going to the police," she added.
University 'regrets' asking for confidentiality
Emails obtained by CBC News show the university warned the student repeatedly about sharing the results of the investigation. In his Facebook letter to students, however, Lightstone takes a different stance.
Brock University president Jack Lightstone, in a message posted to Facebook, said the university regrets 'the emotional trauma' caused to the complainant. (CBC) "If any complainant ever wishes to discuss their experience, they are free to do so, even though the university is bound by its confidentiality measures," he wrote. "We regret if we led the complainant to believe otherwise."
Toronto workplace lawyer Kristen Pennington says the university would have a tough time enforcing any kind of confidentiality on the student in this case anyway.
"The university is entitled to insert a confidentiality clause into their policy and into their procedures, but whether [imposing that on a student] would be legally upheld in a court, I would be very suspicious of that," she said.
But, Pennington says, in a situation like this, a student can be "easily intimidated."
She points out that the university has lawyers advising it and the professor would have union lawyers advising him, but the student is essentially alone.
"No one is ever on her side," says Pennington.
Lawyer Kristen Pennington, who specializes in workplace harassment and sexual violence at the firm of Grosman, Grosman & Gale, said the university would have a hard time enforcing a confidentiality clause on the student. She says there is no "cookie-cutter approach" or policy that will work perfectly in every kind of situation, but institutions, including universities, need to be more focused on supporting and making things right with the survivor of an assault or harassment.
"Whenever we have these barriers or these secrecies or these questions that are left unanswered, I don't think we are working towards rehabilitating these relationships when we sweep things under the rug," Pennington says.
For confidential tips on this story, please contact Timothy Sawa at timothy.sawa@cbc.ca or 647-382-7789, or Lori Ward at lori.ward@cbc.ca or via CBC Secure Drop.
The second presidential debate of 2012 gave me the maddening spectacle of two candidates disagreeing vehemently with each other within a shared context of falsehood. The subject was “shipping jobs overseas.”
Three weeks from the election neither presidential candidate has had the courage nor the wisdom to denounce, even with a wink, the nested myths of a lost golden age of American manufacturing and of China as a big cheat.
In the fifties and sixties, there were many more manufacturing jobs than there are now. I won't even bother to discuss whether the statement is absolute or relative: More manufacturing jobs total or just more than a % of total jobs (which would necessarily happen if the American service sector had grown even more than the manufacturing sector had grown.) My question is: So what?
I remember those days well. The widespread nostalgia refers to what were overwhelmingly bad jobs. They were assembly-line jobs for semi-literate idiots who were determined and proud to remain semi-literate, even trans-generationally. They were foundry jobs that managed to be both brain-deadening and dangerous. There were many more mining jobs than today, then offering a grimy life with a fairly good chance of death by suffocation.
The same people (or the same kind of people), the same organizations (unions) who currently lament the de-industrialization of America (an ambiguous idea. See my blog “The De-Industrialization of the U.S…“) then wailed over the horrible features of the same now lost jobs. When I began in academia, one of the main cottage industries in the discipline of sociology was the study of chronic unhappiness among blue-collar workers. (If you are going to Google it, use the key word “alienation,” N.S. !)
Many Americans, perhaps most Americans, exist with the vague impression that everyday life was better in some good old days that took place around the fifties or the sixties. It's easy to get false impressions that way because few people have much ability to remember bad things. That would include your own grandparents. Below are a handful of facts to set the record straight.
In 1960, the life expectancy (at birth ) of Americans was 70; in 2012, it's 80. That's a 15 % improvement in a good thing. How many other things do you know that have become fifteen per cent better in fifty-two years? Besides Cognac, I mean.
(From the World Bank's World Indicators)
The US infant mortality was 26 in 1960. It's now 7 or 8. That's a two thirds reduction in a bad thing . Do you know anything at all that has improved as much in fifty-two years? Disappointment in love? Sexual frustration?
(From OECDE Fact book)
OK, you don't believe that being alive rather than dead is a valid measure of standard of living? Say it aloud, make sure to leave your name so I can quote you to all comers.
Yes but how about the quality of life, you say? Nostalgia for old black and whiteshows such as “I Love Lucy” notwithstanding, there were only three television chains, then. Choice matter. It doesn't matter to you? Think it through.
Cars broke down all the time. That included beautiful leather-upholstered Cadillacs (proudly made in America by well-paid American workers). Not ever being sure of your car, ever, will put a damper on the quality of your life for sure.
More on quality of life: Simple, small things matter too if they tend to be repetitive. In 1960, in the whole continental United States, good coffee was to be had in about five establishments in Manhattan, in one in San Francisco (in North Beach) and in one in New Orleans (Le Café du Monde, of course).
Somebody or other might have been better off in the fifties and sixties but it wasn't the working class (however defined).
America has become “de-industrialized” only in the narrow sense that there are many more easy white-collar and unobjectionable blue-collar jobs than there used to. Most of the hard jobs requiring no skills are gone. The few left is in agriculture and they are performed overwhelmingly by foreign labor. Meanwhile, the total value of American manufacturing only keeps going up. (Read this again!) It does so just about every year as compared to the previous year.
In constant dollars, in real dollars, the value of American manufactures recently was X times the value in _________________ (The answer is in one of my blogs. looking for it should be fun.)
Closely connected with the fallacious impression that Americans are worse off because of de-industrialization is the idea that China is responsible for our imaginary decline.
Most people would have trouble explaining how “China” does it. Most of what they would come up I had already heard in the 1980s in connection with …Japan. Japan was going to bury us. Instead it fell into an interminable state of stagnation.
Probably the most common perception is that American producers broadly defined cannot possibly compete with very, very cheap Chinese labor.
This perception is absurd on its face. There are other high-cost labor countries, countries where the average cost of labor is even higher than it is in the US, such as Germany, Switzerland, Sweden, and France. None of those has been wiped off the face of the earth. Expensive French industrial workers are still manufacturing the Airbus, not barefoot Chinese peasants who are content with one bowl of rice a day with a piece of seaweed thrown in on Sundays.
There is a basic arithmetic exercise about labor costs that hardly anyone seems to be willing to perform or to promote. Here it is:
Suppose the cost of labor accounts for 5% of the total cost of an item. Suppose that by switching to cheaper labor, you manage a phenomenal reduction of half the labor cost. Suppose further that this labor cost reduction is not accompanied by any loss of quality, not any. Suppose further that it is not associated with any loss of production effectiveness (as can be caused by delivery delays, for example). Under this rosy scenario, you have reduced the total cost of your product by 2.5%. In many cases, you could effect this modest achievement simply by bargaining better with your suppliers. It's true that in some cases, in a very few industries, price competitiveness is high and such savings matter. There are few products and few manufacturing industries where this is true. (It's often true in major retail business though.)
How realistic is the assumption that labor only accounts for 5% of total cost? Obviously, this is a question with many possible answers, But, for American products today, across a wide variety of tangible products, by and large, the answer is: “quite realistic.”
The other common answer to the question of what exactly is the Chinese ogre guilty of against us is that the Government of China manipulates its currency to harm us, or someone who is not us because he is not me but who is related to me in some fashion. And of course. Manipulating the national currency is nothing any branch of the US government would ever do, right? (Think of the Federal Reserve Board.)
I taught undergraduates in a business school for twenty years. Let me assure you that the average person in this country does not know a damn thing about national currencies. In addition, most of what the few who know something on the topic know is simply false. So, let me help and don't be offended.
Our political class accuses the Chinese government of keeping its money's value lower against the dollar than it should be. Put another way, when you exchange your US dollar for Chinese money, you receive too much Chinese money. The result of this atrocity is that, according to our unspeakable political class, you are able to buy more Chinese t-shirts, more shovels, more flashlights, more plates and mugs etc, than you ought to be able to. The end-result is that you end up owning more stuff because the Chinese are sacrificing themselves. Bastard Chinese!
There are several other sizable falsehoods associated with international trade, the export of jobs, the loss of manufacturing jobs, and the arch-villain China. (Communist China is a villain but for other reasons.) Discussion of those are available throughout my blog. The wide reach of those falsehoods may ultimately decide this election and much of America's future. Labor unions – which have a vested interest in the myths – often hold Democratic politicians by their soft parts. I regret that Republican candidates either don't know any better or that their soft parts are not big enough to make them tackle the problem.
At the risk of repeating myself, let me sum up the issue of domestic manufacturing production:
Americans, collectively, have to decide if they would rather earn $6,000 making and selling a single computer chip or $5,000 with one ton of pig iron and ten thousand mouse traps.
It's a simple enough question with powerful implications for national policies. Ask yourself.
Following genetic footprints out of Africa
A new study, using genetic analysis to look for clues about human migration over sixty thousand years ago, suggests that the first modern humans settled in Arabia on their way from the Horn of Africa to the rest of the world. Led by the University of Leeds and the University of Porto in Portugal, the study is recently published in American Journal of Human Genetics and provides intriguing insight into the earliest stages of modern human migration, say the researchers.
"A major unanswered question regarding the dispersal of modern humans around the world concerns the geographical site of the first steps out of Africa," explains Dr Luísa Pereira from the Institute of Molecular Pathology and Immunology of the University of Porto (IPATIMUP). "One popular model predicts that the early stages of the dispersal took place across the Red Sea to southern Arabia, but direct genetic evidence has been thin on the ground."
The international research team, which included colleagues from across Europe, Arabia and North Africa, analysed three of the earliest non-African maternal lineages. These early branches are associated with the time period when modern humans first successfully moved out of Africa.
Using mitochondrial DNA analysis, which traces the female line of descent and is useful for comparing relatedness between different populations, the researchers compared complete genomes from Arabia and the Near East with a database of hundreds more samples from Europe. They found evidence for an ancient ancestry within Arabia.
Professor Martin Richards of the University of Leeds' Faculty of Biological Sciences, said: "The timing and pattern of the migration of early modern humans has been a source of much debate and research. Our new results suggest that Arabia, rather than North Africa or the Near East, was the first staging-post in the spread of modern humans around the world."
The research was funded by the Portuguese Foundation for Science and Technology, the Leverhulme Trust, and the DeLaszlo Foundation.
Chino Valley, Arizona - Last year, about this same time, residents in Verde Valley heard some mysterious, unexplained booms.Reports of similar booms are once again being called in to the Yavapai County Sheriff's Office. This time, primarily from the town of Chino Valley."The way to describe it is like a hammer being slammed down next to the house," said Chino Valley resident Chris Schaich. "It was two hard hits and the house jumped, if felt like a jump, and I could hear the windows rattle a little bit, some glasses rattled."Schaich lives in quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of Chino Valley. He said the first mysterious sound happened Monday around 10:20 a.m. and the second one at 8:40 a.m. Tuesday. He said it was a vertical jolt and after having lived through plenty of earthquakes while a resident in Southern California, he was sure it wasn't one.No earthquakes were reported in Arizona by the U.S. Geologic Survey on Tuesday.The Verde Valley area had the same type of mysterious sounds about this time last year near Sedona. Last year, the calls went to the sheriff's office and the fire department.The Yavapai county Sheriff's Office on Tuesday said it checked out the reports."Deputies conducted searches on both sides of Mingus Mountain, Prescott and Verde basins, and the source of the booms is classified unfounded," the YCSO said in an email.CBS 5 News asked Schaich if he finds any mystery in the fact that last year around this same time, similar mysterious booms were heard by other residents in the Verde Valley.Schaich said there is some military activity that takes place with the U.S. Air Force flying planes over the area."It is kind of strange that it would be re-occurring and, in that case, maybe it indicates some sort of man-made source," Schaich said. "Who knows?"
10th December, 2013 by Becky Paskin
Prestige spirits are the playground of the world's wealthiest, but Becky Paskin asks if there is a limit to how much they'll pay for a bottle of Scotch?
As you read this, The Dalmore Paterson Collection may or may not remain the centrepiece of Harrods' Wine and Spirit department in London.
At £987,500 it is the most expensive collection of Scotch whisky available to buy in the world, and not likely to draw a hurried impulse purchase.
But with luxury spirits selling faster than an Arab playboy's supercar races through Knightsbridge, its sale doesn't look far off.
Sales of prestige spirits – priced over US$100 – are at an all-time high, thanks in part to the advent of the “weekend millionaire”, “status chasers”, and wealthy Chinese consumers, the latter of whom now account for one in four purchases of luxury products, according to Bain & Company's Luxury Goods Worldwide Market Study 2012.
Chivas Brothers defines prestige spirits consumers as “high net worth individuals, who are well travelled, with salaries in the top 10%, are very comfortable with technology and frequently entertain and celebrate with friends, clients and colleagues whom they seek to impress”. It's this elite group of consumers who are increasingly pushing the boundaries of what prestige spirits are worth.
In 2009 the first whisky to sell for over £100,000 was The Dalmore Trinitas 64-year-old. Since then, The Macallan 64 Year Old in Lalique: Cire Perdue almost tripled the record when it went on to become the most expensive whisky ever sold at auction in 2010, at a staggering US$460,000 (£291,125). If the trend continues, we could be looking at a £900,000 single whisky sale very soon.
Fastest growing category
The IWSR reports global volumes of prestige spirits reached 10,700 cases in 2012 – a 27.6% leap in just five years – making the category the fastest-growing in spirits, outpacing already remarkable growth for super-premium (9.4%) and ultra-premium brands (12.8%).
The majority of that growth is driven unsurprisingly by Scotch and Cognac, two categories long associated with prestige, wealth and status that can command high price tags with romantic stories of decades-long maturation and the craftsmanship of master blenders. But a market is starting to emerge for luxury rum with both Angostura and Appleton Estate releasing £20,000+ prestige editions to mark Trinidad and Tobago and Jamaica's 50-year independence.
Likewise, knowledge of Japanese whisky is also starting to spread, although the majority of sales are confined to Japan's borders. Category dominator Suntory Holdings, which almost doubled its sales in the US in 2012, is targeting the rising global whisky connoisseur with a sturdy overseas expansion plan. Identifying the market for luxury spirits, particularly in the States, Suntory released its first ultra-luxury expression – a Yamazaki 50 Year Old – in late 2011 in a run of 150 bottles with a price tag of US$13,000 each.
Today, we all seem to have so little time to do the things we really want to do. Microsoft knows this as well, but according to a new teaser website the company just put up, the company seems to be offering at least some people some extra free time.
Exactly how this will happen is still mysterious at this point, but the website's title does say, "Windows Phone Free Time Machine Promotion". Perhaps Microsoft, in developing the Windows Phone operating system, also discovered a way to go back in time.
We actually doubt this, but it is definitely an unique promotion for Windows Phone and the website says all will be revealed on April 9th, the day after the launch of Nokia's Lumia 900 Windows Phone based device on AT&T's network. There will apparently be some events happening in New York City, Chicago and San Francisco as well that are tied into this "Free Time Machine" promotion.
Is this marketing event tied into the launch of the Lumia 900 or is it something else entirely? We will find out the answers to those questions and more in only a few days.
You've probably heard the story of Kalief Browder, the boy from the Bronx who spent three years on Rikers Island — two of them in solitary confinement — awaiting trial for allegedly stealing a backpack. A few months after his release, he was profiled in the New Yorker, in a piece that shone a harsh light on the abuses of the criminal justice system. Two years after his release, Browder committed suicide at age 22. He quickly became a symbol for the dysfunction and cruelty of the country's prisons, particularly New York's Rikers Island.
A new six-part documentary on Spike TV, Time: The Kalief Browder Story, tackles Browder's story from all angles in an attempt to contextualize his ordeal. The series, which premieres Wednesday and boasts the Weinstein brothers and Jay-Z as executive producers, is a solid companion piece to Michelle Alexander's book The New Jim Crow and Ava DuVernay's documentary 13th — part of a growing canon of popular works that take a microscope to the conditions that lead to a story like Browder's. It's a story so blatantly unjust it'll make your blood boil.
The filmmakers resist the urge to deify their subject. Time doesn't need to resort to hagiography; it's plain that Browder, who was 16 at the time of his arrest, was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. His crime, activist and commentator Van Jones insists, is not that he took someone's backpack but that he was poor and black.
Civil rights activists, attorneys, former inmates and correctional officers, and occasionally Jay-Z himself testify to the dysfunction of the criminal justice system in the United States, and the needlessly cruel punishment that awaits teenagers who are sent to Rikers. Of the two episodes available for review, the first illustrates Browder's vulnerability to a false accusation and to jail time; the second focuses on the conditions on Rikers Island, which Browder, in later interviews, describes as “hell on Earth.” “Sometimes I feel like I'm never gonna be the same,” he admits after his release. “Deep down, I'm a mess. I'm 21 and on the inside, I feel like I'm 40.”
The series' objective is apparently twofold: To honor Browder's life and to demonstrate, step by step, how the cycle of poverty and incarceration destroys innocent lives. The filmmakers take us through the process of Browder's arrest as well as the civil rights suit he filed against the City of New York upon his release. Despite no evidence of wrongdoing, 11 attorneys turned him down before he landed one, a former D.A. named Paul Prestia, who would take his case. (A public attorney, one talking head explains, is judged not by the number of acquittals he wins but by “how many cases he can get off his desk.”)
Time is deeply empathetic towards its subject and scathingly critical of the legal system that put Browder behind bars and changed him so fundamentally. Talking heads like Jones, Al Sharpton, and former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik explain how the process is weighted against a defendant like Browder. After police officers picked up Browder while he was walking home one night, his mother couldn't afford bail. “A lot of people just go to the ATM,” activist Ezra Ritchin notes. “But we're sitting in the poorest congressional district in the country. Eighty-five to ninety percent of people can't make bail.”
The series nimbly alternates between Browder's story and one that's closer in scale to 13th, DuVernay's documentary about the intersection between race and incarceration in America. It's a story about a rapidly fraying social safety net and the heavy police presence that has come to fill the void. Instructive details speak to the intractability of the problem, the deep roots of racial discrimination and violence in this country — like Rikers' namesake, Richard Riker, New York's chief magistrate from 1815 to 1838, who had a side hustle kidnapping runaway slaves and selling them back into bondage.
From Browder's experience in foster care (his birth mother was a crack addict) to his early brushes with police to the arrest that put him on Rikers, the story of this one person speaks volumes about the system of racial inequality in the United States. Time combines the details of Browder's life with historical insight to paint a picture of structural abuse that relies on dehumanizing the millions of prisoners sitting in facilities across the country. “They are the ‘others' we allow existing just in the periphery of our own imagination,” Michelle Alexander says. “We're going to have to learn to care about them.”
Time: The Kalief Browder Story premieres Wednesday, March 1 at 10 p.m. on Spike.
Anonymous asked: You can be racist against any group of people. Why are you fighting tooth and nail against this concept?
sou-sai:
crank-your-brain-up:
canofolives: When you hate a person because of the color of their skin, it's called bias. Racism is when people are being oppressed. White people are not oppressed here. Black people are. No the word racism is generally (outside of tumblr and sociology classes) is used to mean any prejudice our bias based on race ethnicity or skin color. Only some use it to only mean oppression. But that is not the standard use it definition.
@canofolives
Racism and prejudice are fairly synonymous the only difference is racism focuses primarily on discrimination based on race. That is all.
What you are chalking up to “oppression” is not accurate. Yes, white people are not oppressed, and neither are blacks. There are injustices on both sides of the spectrum, this is true, some may be more than others, but racism is still racism regardless of who it comes from. There is no “oppression” needed in order to discriminate against someone based on their race. It is a simple concept.
When you say oppression is needed, and excuse people because they are not “oppressed” you are essentially saying “Racism, or prejudice, is only alright when certain groups perpetuate it. It's bad when these people do it, but I'm a different color than them so I can be a terrible person without being judged for it.” Which is also racist.
FULLERTON — A 44-year-old former teacher and Jehovah's Witness church elder pleaded guilty Tuesday to sexually assaulting one of his 13-year-old students.
Jason Morris Gorski pleaded guilty to two counts of lewd acts with a minor younger than 14 and is expected to be sentenced to six years in prison on Jan. 26, defense attorney Brian Neal Gurwitz said.
Gorski was a teacher at the now-shuttered Southwestern Longview Private School in Long Beach, where he met the victim, from 2003 to 2007, according to the Orange County District Attorney's Office. He also attended the Jehovah's Witness Kingdom Hall, a congregation in Cypress, and was appointed to a church elder position in 2007.
He had sex with the teen at various locations in Buena Park between June 2007 and June 2008, prosecutors said.
The victim reported the sexual abuse to authorities and Gorski was arrested in June 2016.
This blog post is a joint effort between Caryl Yuhas, Databricks' Solutions Architect, and Ilan Rabinovitch, Datadog's ‎Director of Technical Community and Evangelism.
UPDATED: Jun 12, 2018
Monitoring the health of any large Apache Spark cluster is an imperative necessity among engineers. They want visibility into clusters' internals; they want system metrics from individual nodes' CPU, disk usage, and Spark metrics across each active stage or cached partition.
Datadog as a SaaS-based monitoring and analytics platform affords engineers all the monitoring capabilities they desire. And in this blog, we'll show how easy it is to use Datadog to monitor the system and garner Spark metrics from Databricks' Spark clusters.
We will walk through two ways to set up Datadog monitoring in Databricks:
Automated Datadog Monitoring: [Import Notebook] A one-click way to automate Datadog monitoring for all of your Databricks nodes and clusters. With just one command, you can configure Databricks to start a Datadog agent and stream both system and Spark metrics to your Datadog dashboard every time you launch a cluster. Datadog Setup Walkthrough: [Import Notebook] A step-by-step process for installing the Datadog agent on an existing Databricks cluster to start collecting Spark-specific metrics. You can follow along and import the notebook if you want to test this integration on one of your own clusters.
Automated Datadog Monitoring
If you're looking for a way to set up monitoring for your Databricks' clusters as quickly as possible, our Datadog Init Scripts are a great option. When you import and run the first notebook above, it will create one init script that automatically installs a Datadog agent on every machine you spin up in Databricks, and one init script that configures each cluster to send Spark metrics. To use this script, all you need to do is:
Enter your own Datadog API key in the DD_API_KEY parameter (Line 4). Run the notebook once to save the init script as a global configuration.
That's all there is to it! Once you run the notebook, each new cluster will begin streaming metrics directly to your dashboards in Datadog.
What Exactly Is the init Script Doing?
The first script, datadogInstall.sh, simply creates an agent on every machine in your cluster according to the Datadog installation instructions (see Step 1 in the Datadog Setup Walkthrough section below).
The second script configures your cluster to report Spark-specific metrics back to Datadog. For more detail on this configuration, read the next section.
Datadog Setup Walkthrough
Now let's walk through the setup step by step. You can follow along in this notebook. This can be used to set up a Datadog agent on an existing cluster.
One-line Install. Datadog makes it very simple — a one-line curl command, to be exact — to install an agent on your system. In this case, we'll use the Ubuntu package install: %sh DD_API_KEY=[ENTER_YOUR_API_KEY_HERE] bash -c "$(curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/master/cmd/agent/install_script.sh)" You'll find the latest version of this command in your Datadog Setup Guide. Note: Make sure you check the Datadog site for the latest install command and use the API key specified in your account. Configure for Spark. In order to start monitoring the Spark metrics on a cluster, a Spark config file must be written into the driver of the cluster. This config file requires the hostname and port of the driver so that the Datadog agent can point to it and listen for the Spark metrics. The hostname and port can be found in the master-params file as follows: %sh cat /tmp/master-params 10.0.177.85 44752 These gets entered into the spark_url parameter of the config as shown below: %s echo "init_config: instances: - resourcemanager_uri: http://10.0.177.85:44752 spark_cluster_mode: spark_standalone_mode cluster_name: 10.0.177.85" > /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/spark.yaml Restart Agent. Once this config file is updated, the agent simply needs to be restarted in order to complete the Spark integration. %sh sudo service datadog-agent restart Check Connection. A successful connection can be confirmed by calling the Datadog info command and looking for the following Spark check: %sh sudo datadog-agent status spark (5.12.1:1.0.0) -------------------- - instance #0 [OK] - Collected 25 metrics, 0 events & 2 service checks
Conclusion
While this post provides a detailed tutorial and setup script for Datadog, Databricks also provides users with the flexibility to connect to clusters and machines from other services. In particular, init scripts allow you to execute shell scripts on both the drivers and workers. In general, the init scripts from the post above can be adapted and customized to install and connect your monitoring agent of choice.
Try the notebooks on Datadog and Databricks today.
Women's Divine Roles Include Nurturing Others
Contributed By By Carole M. Stephens, first counselor in the Relief Société Générale presidency
“As disciples of Jesus Christ, every covenant daughter of God has the responsibility to understand, live, and defend the divine roles of women … and to establish, nurture, defend, and strengthen families and homes.” —Carole M. Stephens of the Relief Société Générale presidency
Mother, motherhood, and mothering are defined in many ways in today's world, but in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the word mother encompasses a woman's eternal roles, her divine identity, and it describes her nature as a nurturer. With this perspective, women mother not only by giving physical life to a child but also by nurturing those around them (see Daughters in My Kingdom, 156). To nurture is to provide love and influence, to care for, support, educate, encourage, to protect, and to teach. To nurture is to help someone to grow and develop.
Elder M. Russell Ballard taught: “Sisters, we, your brethren, cannot do what you were divinely designated to do from before the foundation of the world. … We cannot ever hope to replicate your unique gifts. There is nothing in this world as personal, as nurturing, or as life changing as the influence of a righteous woman. … All women have within their divine nature both the inherent talent and the stewardship to mother” (“Mothers and Daughters,” April 2010 general conference).
On September 23, 1995, President Gordon B. Hinckley expressed gratitude for the faithfulness and diligence of Latter-day Saint women—young and old, married and single, with children and without children. Then he read “The Family: A Proclamation to the World.” Sister Barbara Thompson, who later served as a counselor in the Relief Société Générale presidency, was in the Tabernacle when the proclamation was read. She recalled: “I felt the significance of the message. I also found myself thinking, ‘This is a great guide for parents. It is also a big responsibility for parents.' I thought for a moment that it really didn't pertain too much to me since I wasn't married and didn't have any children. But almost as quickly I thought, ‘But it does pertain to me. I am a member of a family. I am a daughter, a sister, an aunt, a cousin, a niece, and a granddaughter. I do have responsibilities—and blessings—because I am a member of a family. Even if I were the only living member of my family, I am still a member of God's family, and I have a responsibility to help strengthen other families” (“I Will Strengthen Thee; I Will Help Thee,” Sept. 2007 general Relief Society meeting).
Elder Ballard has taught, “There is nothing in this world as personal, as nurturing, or as life changing as the influence of a righteous woman.”
Everyone belongs to a family, and every family needs to be strengthened, protected, and nurtured. No matter her current family situation, each woman has responsibility to strengthen families—her own and those she can influence.
It is a blessing and a responsibility to nurture and sustain the family, and “few of us will reach our potential without the nurturing of both the mother who bore us and the mothers who bear with us“ (Sheri Dew, ”Are We Not All Mothers?“ Sept. 2001 general Relief Society meeting).
Paul spoke of Timothy's nurturing mother and the influence of a righteous woman when he said, “When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee, which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois, and thy mother Eunice; and I am persuaded that in thee also” (2 Timothy 1:5).
We remember with love and gratitude the righteous women who have influenced our lives. We remember first the love of our own mothers, those who bore us. We remember the righteous influence of grandmothers, aunts, sisters, Primary teachers, and Young Women leaders. All of these women of God bore with us. They cared for us and about us. They taught us, encouraged us, guided us, and protected us. They influenced our lives for good. They understood that “whenever a woman strengthens the faith of a child, she contributes to the strength of a family—now and in the future” (Daughters in My Kingdom, 159).
Women who nurture—love, influence, care for, support, educate, and encourage—influence other lives for good.
“Every sister who stands for truth and righteousness diminishes the influence of evil. Every sister who strengthens and protects her family is doing the work of God. Every sister who lives as a woman of God becomes a beacon for others to follow and plants seeds of righteous influence that will be harvested for decades to come. Every sister who makes and keeps sacred covenants becomes an instrument in the hands of God” (M. Russell Ballard, “Women of Righteousness,” Liahona, Dec. 2002, 39).
As disciples of Jesus Christ, every covenant daughter of God has the responsibility to understand, live, and defend the divine roles of women, which include that of wife, mother, grandmother, daughter, sister, aunt, and friend, and to establish, nurture, defend, and strengthen families and homes.
“You are now placed in a situation where you can act according to those sympathies which God has planted in your [hearts]. … If you live up to your privilege, the angels cannot be restrained from being your associates”(Joseph Smith, in Daughters in My Kingdom, 169).
“The errand of angels is given to women;
And this is a gift that, as sisters, we claim:
To do whatsoever is gentle and human,
To cheer and to bless in humanity's name.
How vast is our purpose, how broad is our mission,
If we but fulfill it in spirit and deed.
Oh, naught but the Spirit's divinest tuition
Can give us the wisdom to truly succeed.”
(“As Sisters in Zion,” Hymns, no. 309)
Three female students at UAlbany are to appear in court after their claims of being the victims of a racial attack were proven false.
Three African American women claimed that they were harassed on a CDTA bus by people who kicked, punched and hurled racial slurs at them. This claim caused a firestorm of reaction both on and off the campus of the University of Albany.
One of the alleged victims, Asha Burwell, is related to San Diego Chargers Lineman Tyreek Burwell. Upon hearing his sister's claims, he sent out a threatening Tweet to a student he believed was part of the attack.
UAlbany President Robert Jones had this to say about the alleged assault:
“There is no place in the UAlbany community for violence, no place for racial intolerance and no place for gender violence.”
Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton issued this tweet in support of the self-proclaimed victims:
But their 15 minutes living as heroes was cut short when video from the bus cameras revealed that not only was there no attack on the three women but that they, in fact, threw the first punches. According to sources, one of the “victims” can be heard yelling “white b****” at another passenger.
The three women are allegedly being served tickets to appear in court following this revelation.
What do you think would be an appropriate punishment for these women? Let us know in the comments!
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
Rollout of homegrown FGPA chips breaks US monopoly
China has become the second country in the world to design and mass-produce a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) integrated circuit, breaking the US monopoly in the area, Shenzhen-based news site sznews.com reported on Monday.
An FPGA is an integrated circuit designed to be configured by a customer or a designer after manufacturing, and is widely used in sectors including automotive electronics, telecommunications, defense, and the aerospace industry.
After three years of efforts, Guangdong Gowin Semiconductor Corp, a company in South China's Guangdong Province, debuted its FPGA chips at an exhibition in Shanghai last week.
Before the entry of Gowin, there were only three US firms that were capable of the research and development and mass production of the chip.
So far, Gowin has rolled out 11 kinds of FPGA chips and has independent intellectual property rights over its products, said the report.
Reverend Canon Gavin Ashenden stepped down as one of the monarch's 33 chaplains in order to have more freedom to "speak out on behalf of the faith", following discussions with Buckingham Palace. The controversy centres on an interfaith service held at St Mary's Episcopal Cathedral over the Christmas period, where a chapter from the Islamic text was read out. The chosen verses tell the story of Christ's birth, but claim he was not the son of God and should not be worshipped as such. The reading sparked widespread outrage amongst the Christian community, and Police Scotland is currently investigating a series of abusive messages directed at the cathedral on social media.
FACEBOOK/GETTY Rev Gavin Ashenden has quit as one of the Queen's Chaplains over the Koran reading
Speaking to Radio 4's Sunday programme, Reverend Ashenden said: "The problem with what happened in Glasgow was that although it was presented as a way of building bridges and a way of educating people, it was done badly in the wrong way, in the wrong place, in the wrong context. "There are a number of members of the congregation who have written open letters complaining of the profound upset they experienced as people of the Eucharistic community who had come to worship Christ. "So to have a reading from the Koran at that point was a fairly serious error for the Christian worshipping community. "But to choose the reading they chose doubled the error. Of all the passages you might have read likely to cause offence that was one of the most problematic."
Of all the passages you might have read likely to cause offence that was one of the most problematic Rev Gavin Ashenden
He announced his resignation on his blog, ahead of an the programme's broadcast. "After a conversation instigated by officials at Buckingham Palace, I decided the most honourable course of action was to resign," Reverend Ashenden wrote. "I have held the position for the last nine years. But over the last few years people who objected to my defending the Christian faith in public wrote to both Lambeth Palace and Buckingham Palace to try to get the association ended. "When I was confronted with these attempts to silence or defenestrate me, my reaction was to ask 'in what way is a priest defending the faith on behalf of a monarch who was Defender of the Faith, incongruous or improper?' “I have come to see that the situation is more complex than that."
GETTY The Koran celebrates Jesus as a prophet, but not the Son of God
Reverend Ashenden said it was "wrongly assumed" that as a Queen's Chaplain he had "the Queen's ear" and that by expressing his own views there was a danger they would be construed by the media as those of her Majesty. "There is a very important convention that the Queen should not be drawn into public affairs where she is deemed to be taking a position,” he wrote. “She needs to be above ‘positions.' That is how the monarchy rides out political turbulence.” He concluded: "Because I think it a higher and more compelling duty to speak out on behalf of the faith, than to retain a public honour which precludes me doing so at this time, I resigned my post."
GOOGLE St Mary's Episcopal Cathedral has come under fire for the reading
Reverend Ashenden had previously criticised the reading in a letter to The Times. He has also spoken out about certain passages in the Koran before. In 2015, he appeared on Iain Dale's LBC radio show and said there were "over 100 verses inviting people to violence" within the text. The provost of St Mary's Cathedral, the Very Rev Kelvin Holdsworth, previously defended the Koran reading as a way of "deepening friendships locally”, although he declined to comment when asked by the BBC if he was aware of the content of the passage before it was read out.
Has the hacktivist group Anonymous been secretly plotting to overthrow the United States government? Federal prosecutors seem to think so, but attorneys for a Texas man on trial for alleged computer crimes say such isn't the case.
The amorphous, internationally-spread group of hackers and activists isn't actually on trial — in this instance, at least — but secret documents filed in a related matter being heard by the US District Court for the Northern District of Texas suggest that the government interprets Anonymous as being anything but harmless.
Last week, attorneys for imprisoned author, activist and journalist Barrett Brown asked the court that they be able to reply to arguments made earlier this month by federal prosecutors in the case against their client — a 32-year-old Dallas, TX man expected to stand trial in May to face several felony counts, including making internet threats, retaliating against a federal official, fraud, identity theft and concealment of evidence. Brown has been in the custody of law enforcement since being arrested in September 2012.
Of argument, his attorneys wrote in the Feb. 21 filing, are statements the prosecution made earlier this month when they replied to a January 31 motion in which the defense asked the court to dismiss one of three indictments against Brown.
The government predictably opposed the defense's request two weeks later on Feb. 14, but — like much of the nearly two-year-old case— that paperwork is not included among the publicly available files hosted on the online, federal PACER court system, which supporters of Brown presume means it was filed under seal. Whatever its contents, though, the prosecution's filing compelled the defense to request permission from the court to respond. Now according to that latest, public document, information about the prosecution's case — as well as their secret interpretation of Anonymous — is widely available.
It's impossible to tell exactly how the government opposed the defense's request in that likely-sealed Valentine's Day response, but attorneys for Brown had argued earlier that the court should dismiss allegations that their client made internet threats and retaliated against a federal officer because they claimed “no reasonable jury could find the alleged statements to constitute a true threat.” According to the newest motion, it's now known that the government wrote in response that Brown's “past association with Anonymous is crucial to understanding the significance of his threatening comments and conduct,” all but equating the hacktivist group with a streetgang capable of causing immense fear in a public official — in this case, Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent-in-Charge Robert Smith, whom Brown berated in a series of internet videos uploaded to YouTube shortly before his September 2012 arrest.
“Robert Smith's life is over. And when I say his life is over I don't say I'm gonna go kill him, but I am gonna ruin his life and look into his fuckin' kids,” Brown said in one video cited by the prosecution in previous court documents.
But the government hasn't established a connection between Anonymous and “any form of violent conduct,” the defense fired back last week, nor was Brown ever accused of conspiring with the group to carry out the alleged threats.
“[T]he government alleges no meaningful nexus between an association with Anonymous and any form of violent conduct,” the defense argued. “Nor is Mr. Brown charged as a ‘member' of ‘Anonymous.' Nor does the Indictment allege any conspiracy between Mr. Brown and ‘Anonymous,' let alone one to threaten the physical assault of [Smith]. Nor does the government allege that Mr. Brown's affiliation with ‘Anonymous' … was in any way violent in nature, or that he conveyed such information to [Smith].”
“As such, the government fails to show a reasonable basis upon which a juror could find that ‘Anonymous' was a violent group or partook in violent activities.”
Later, the government apparently also said that the defendant's “continued association with…known hackers leaves no doubt that Brown was more than capable of obtaining whatever information he sought.”
“The government is aware that they can't succeed in convicting Brown for his speech, so in order to prevent a just dismissal of the charges they are implying his guilt by association,” the group Free Barrett Brown responded in a statement published on Wednesday.
In fact, Brown publicly tried to distance himself from Anonymous in recent years, despite previously being relied on by the media as a poster boy of sorts for the movement, largely due to his willingness to discuss the relatively inaccessible group's operations and mindset in the public eye.
“This would be a good time to note, particularly for the benefit of certain journalists, that I am not and never have been the spokesman for Anonymous, nor its ‘public face' or, worse, ‘self-proclaimed' ‘face' or ‘spokesperson' or ‘leader,'” Brown wrote from prison shortly after his arrest. Prior to then he appeared on RT America and other networks numerous times to discuss a variety of topics, particularly ones involving Anonymous and their publicly-known online operations, and was co-authoring a book on the group at the time he was apprehended.
Now according to what his attorneys have revealed about the prosecution's previously-secret response, the US government considered Anonymous to be something far dissimilar to what Brown brought to the table during those appearances. Quoting from that the prosecution's paperwork, the defense says the government believes Brown and Anonymous “secretly plotted the overthrow of the government.”
“This is exactly the type of political hyperbole that the First Amendment was meant to protect,” the defense counsel lashed back with. “As such, Mr. Brown's alleged affiliation with ‘Anonymous' is entirely unrelated to whether Mr. Brown's statements constituted a threat of physical harm to [Smith].”
Supporters of Brown, such as those involved in the legal-defense fund established to help with his case, quickly condemned the government's new-fangled interpretation of Anonymous.
“This is not just incredibly silly, as the majority of Anonymous are citizens engaged in ordinary, constitutionally-protected political expression, but lays bare the cartoon level of ridiculousness that has been the hallmark of this prosecution,” added the support group, which has raised roughly $85,000 for Brown since he was first imprisoned.
According to the group, the prosecution argued during previous hearings that any relationship between Brown and Anonymous was "inadmissible and prejudicial.” Today, they group wrote, the government considers it “crucial.”
Gregg Housh, an activist who has been associated with Anonymous since 2008, told RT's Andrew Blake that he doesn't think the government's newly unearthed comments about the group he's watched since its infancy “reflect reality.”
“Hacktivists and Anonymous specifically are not violent people with violent intent. For the most part they are highly motivated political activists who care a lot about right and wrong,” explained Housh, a friend of Brown's.
On their part, the prosecution has introduced evidence which shows Brown's alleged intent to harm Agent Smith — and perhaps an attempt to wrangle self-identifying members of Anonymous into his plan. Tweets posted by Brown before his arrest and cited in the first criminal indictment includes ones where he encouraged followers to learn to shoot, stock up ammo and, in one micromessage, overthrow the US government.
Kids! Overthrow the US government lol https://t.co/I471YNcy — Barrett Brown (@BarrettBrownLOL) September 6, 2012
That tweet though — likely the impetus for the prosecution's latest claims—should likely be taken with a grain of salt. In it Brown concluded his alleged plea with the internet abbreviation “LOL” and then linked to a music video of 80s rock group Blondie.
Other tweets authored by Brown before his arrest and cited by the prosecution are challenged by the defense earlier this month when they first filed a motion to dismiss. The tweet described in that motion by the defense as “perhaps most vicious of all” should be disregarded, they argued, because it wasn't a threat made by Brown but rather the reiteration of a comment made by a mainstream media pundit.
The comment, the defense wrote, “appears to advocate for the extrajudicial killing of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange (not the alleged victim [Smith]).” Its originator, Fox News commentator Bob Beckel, “to wit, remains unindicted,” the defense acknowledged.
Judge Sam. A. Lindsay approved the defense's request to reply to the government's response to the defendant's motion to dismiss on Tuesday this week, and has given Brown's attorneys until March 7 to file their response.
Quote
While typing a message in the chat window, press and hold the <alt> key on your keyboard, then key the following numbers on your numeric keypad on the right hand side of your keyboard.... 0-1-1-8-8. Then release the <alt> key.
That's <alt+0+1+1+8+8>
It'll give you a ¤ in any other editor. But in chat, it'll give you the credit symbol.
Hope that helps.
Edit: Bahh. You were asking about the Cartel Coin symbol, not the credit symbol. My bad. Seems Amber gave you the "actual" answer. Scroll down 1 message.
This line intentionally left blank There is an "alt code" that seems to work (at least for me).While typing a message in the chat window, press and hold the key on your keyboard, then key the following numbers on your numeric keypad on the right hand side of your keyboard.... 0-1-1-8-8. Then release the key.That's It'll give you a ¤ in any other editor. But in chat, it'll give you the credit symbol.Hope that helps. Darth Baras: I do not appreciate your doubt. I expect unwavering respect at all times.
I actually laughed out loud.
My SW:TOR Passions : SWTOR is F2P in name only - Varied Choices Within FPs/Ops - Cross Faction Guilds - Better Guild List Panel
PITTSBURGH (KDKA/AP) – Former Pittsburgh Steelers running back LeGarrette Blount reached a plea deal for a marijuana possession charge stemming from his arrest in August with former teammate Le'Veon Bell.
Blount will perform 50 hours of community service at a charitable youth organization. If he completes those hours by Feb. 4, the charges will be dropped.
“He regrets putting himself in that situation. He regrets having the Steelers deal with that type of situation as well. He's happy that this is the first step in righting a wrong,” attorney Casey White said.
White also claims it's the only time Blount smoked marijuana and said he won't do it again.
“This is a one-time thing. He's never been involved with drugs before. He made a poor decision. He's obviously paying for it,” White said.
Blount was released after leaving the field early during the team's Week 11 win over the Tennessee Titans.
Blount now plays for the New England Patriots.
The 28-year-old was charged with possessing marijuana found in Bell's car when Bell was pulled over Aug. 20 in Ross Township.
According to Ross Township Police, it all started around 1:30 p.m. along busy McKnight Road when a motorcycle officer, who was stopped at a red light, smelled marijuana coming from a black Camaro.
Officer Sean Stafiej pulled the car over in the parking lot of Pool City.
Police say Bell was driving, Blount was in the front passenger seat and an unidentified female was in the back seat of the vehicle.
Investigators say Officer Stafiej also found a Ziploc-style bag containing about 20 grams of marijuana on the console.
Ross Township Police say the three “admitted to collectively possessing the bag of marijuana.”
Bell has already waived his right to a preliminary hearing and agreed to enter a first-offender's program that could enable him to get his record expunged if he completes 15 months' probation. An Allegheny County judge must still approve Bell's entry into the program on Feb. 6.
Wednesday's hearing will determine whether Blount will stand trial, though he could also waive it and pursue a deal similar to Bell's.
You May Also Be Interested In These Latest News Stories
Economy Residents Putting Up Fight As Fracking Company Trying To Turn Residential Road Into Access Road
DOJ Announces Sentence For Illegal Who Raped Child In Pennsylvania After ICE Detainer Ignored
United Methodist Church Rejects Move To Ease Same-Sex Marriage, LGBT Clergy Bans
Man Attacks Woman With Hammer In Leetsdale Parking Lot Before Leading Police On Damaging Chase
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
(TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Image copyright Getty Images
Banking giant HSBC has reported a 14% drop in profits for the first quarter following "extreme levels of volatility" in financial markets at the start of the year.
Profit before tax came in at $6.1bn (£4.17bn) for the three months to March, down from $7.1bn a year ago.
However, analysts had expected a far steeper fall in profits.
HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver said the bank had been "resilient in tough market conditions".
Adjusted pre-tax profits, including currency effects and one-off items, fell 18% to $5.4bn (£3.7bn).
Job cuts
HSBC cut almost a thousand jobs worldwide in the quarter, leaving it with 254,212 full-time staff across 71 countries and territories.
Mr Gulliver said the bank was confident of hitting its $5bn (£3.5bn) cost-cutting target by the end of 2017.
Independent banking analyst Frances Coppola said it was "likely there will be more job cuts" at HSBC following the fall in profits.
But she said the results "could have been worse" after financial markets were highly volatile in January and February.
Challenging
In the final three months of 2015, HSBC had reported a loss of $858m, but lower compliance and UK bank levy costs helped it to return to profit in the latest quarter.
HSBC's adjusted revenue for the first quarter amounted to $13.9bn, a 4% drop from the same time last year.
The bank also said the development of its Asian business was gaining momentum, "despite a challenging environment with key increases in market share in debt capital markets, China M&A and syndicated lending".
HSBC has had its headquarters in the UK since 1993, but the financial institution makes most of its money overseas, and Asia accounts for the majority of its profit.
The bank's shares are listed in London, Paris, New York and Hong Kong. In London, HSBC's shares were up 1% in early trading.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption HSBC says it is taking market share in Asia, including through operations run from its Shanghai offices
Dividend
Ahead of the results, analysts had warned HSBC might signal an end to its highly-valued progressive dividend, which delivers ever-increasing payouts.
However, HSBC maintained the progressive target and left its dividend unchanged from the same period last year at $0.10 (£0.07).
The bank also announced that the $5.2bn sale of its Brazil unit to banking giant Banco Bradesco received preliminary approval from competition regulators.
Volatility
Swiss bank UBS also reported a sharp drop in income for the first quarter of the year, with pre-tax profit falling 64% year-on-year to 978m Swiss francs ($1.03bn; £689m).
UBS pointed to "substantial volatility" as one of the main reasons for the fall, along with wider economic and geopolitical uncertainty.
However, French bank BNP Paribas reported a 3.4% rise in first-quarter pre-tax income to €2.6bn (£2bn).
CLOSE Arnot Health Director of Graduate Medical Education Dr. Richard Terry talks about the economic impact of a new medical school in Elmira. Jeff Murray / Staff Video
Dr. Richard Terry (Photo: CHEMUNG COUNTY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PHOTO)
A planned medical school in Elmira will not only help boost the level of health care in the area but will also be an economic boon, according to the director of graduate medical education at Arnot Health.
Dr. Richard Terry was among four guest speakers at Friday's 23rd annual Economic Forum, sponsored by the Chemung County Chamber of Commerce, Elmira Savings Bank and Southern Tier Economic Growth.
Terry is also the assistant dean of regional clinical education for the Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine, or LECOM. Local officials announced in December that the one-time $1.5 billion Upstate Revitalization Initiative will include a $1.5 million grant for LECOM to open a medical school on the Elmira College campus.
Arnot Health already has an education program for third- and fourth-year medical school students and for medical residents, but the LECOM program will include first- and second-year students.
The project still needs to go through an approval process with the state, but should be operating in 2017, Terry said.
Once it is, the benefits will be numerous, he added.
"The plan is to put a medical campus at Elmira College with 80 students per year. By 2017, they will do two years at Elmira College, then half will train at Arnot and the rest will go to Binghamton," Terry said. "Elmira is the beneficiary of this. Studies have shown that each dollar spent on medical education results in a $3 benefit to the community. We're looking at creating additional faculty jobs, some 15 to 17 aggregate jobs and many part-time as well. The economic impact will be significant.
"We'll have up to 320 students at full capacity," he said. "Our hope is those students will live in this community and work in this community."
Other speakers at Friday's economic forum, which was held at the Elmira Holiday Inn Riverview, included Steven Manning, chief executive officer of Southern Tier Network, Michael Oshetski, founder and CEO of Micatu, and Michael Jagielski, Micatu chief operating officer.
Chemung County Executive Tom Santulli moderated the program, and had words of both promise and caution for the civic and business leaders in attendance.
"We've been given a great opportunity to do some things with our $500 million share of the Upstate Revitalization Initiative," Santulli said. "Can we do it? We've got to take it and run with it. We've been given the tools to do it. You need to expect more from me and the mayor and the city manager. Are we going to take the money and run with it or squabble over things? The pressure is on us to take the money and run and government needs to lead the way."
Follow Jeff Murray on Twitter @SGJeffMurray.
Read or Share this story: http://stargaz.tt/1TuIwck
NFL® Jerseys, Gear & Apparel for Game Day
You support your favorite NFL team through thick and thin. Find all the essentials you need for your season with this selection NFL jerseys, memorabilia and fan gear from DICK'S Sporting Goods.
Show off your team pride with the latest NFL apparel. Get the on-field look of your favorite players with officially licensed NFL jerseys. DICK'S carries a great selection of Nike Limited, Game and Legend jerseys — check out our NFL Jersey Buying Guide to get the best fit for game day. Plus, shop a great selection of NFL hats, shirts and more must-have gear.
Pay tribute to U.S. troops with NFL Salute to Service hoodies and gear, or get the styles you see on Sundays with NFL Sideline apparel.
Whether you're gearing up for a tailgate or watching the game from home, DICK'S has everything you need to support your team in style. Remember, if you find a lower price on NFL gear from another qualifying retailer, we'll match it with our Best Price Guarantee.
ATHENS — About a thousand refugees have been locked in a stadium on the Greek island of Kos overnight without food and with very little water, as Greek authorities struggle to contain the rising tide of migrants from war-torn countries, a spokeswoman for Doctors Without Borders said Wednesday.
The spokeswoman, Julia Kourafa, said local authorities had swept through the island, clearing refugees — most of them from Syria and Iraq — from public squares and parks, where they had set up encampments while waiting to be issued travel documents that would allow them to move legally in Greece. Riot police had been called in from Athens and had helped close the people inside the stadium, she said.
Doctors Without Borders had a team in the stadium, Ms. Kourafa said, and the members of the aid group's staff said people had been locked inside for 24 hours.
FILE - In this May 14, 2013, file photo, the Department of Justice headquarters building in Washington is photographed early in the morning. The Drug Enforcement Administration does a poor job overseeing the millions of dollars in payments it distributes to confidential sources, relies on tipsters who operate with minimal oversight or direction and has paid informants who are no longer meant to be used, according to a government watchdog report issued Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016. . (AP Photo/J. David Ake, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Justice Department is preparing to announce charges against four defendants, including two Russian security services officers, in a mega data breach at Yahoo that affected at least a half billion user accounts, according to a federal law enforcement official.
(If you're reading this on our mobile app, click here for live video)
Two of the defendants are Russian FSB officers and the other two are criminal hackers. One of the defendants has been taken into custody in Canada, and another is on the list of the FBI's most wanted cyber criminals.
The Justice Department was expected to publicly announce the charges Wednesday.
The charges arise from a compromise of Yahoo user accounts that began at least as early as 2014. Though the Justice Department has previously charged Russian hackers with cybercrime — as well as hackers sponsored by the Chinese and Iranian governments — this would be the first criminal case brought against Russian government officials.
It comes as federal authorities investigate Russian interference through hacking in the 2016 presidential election.
Yahoo didn't disclose the 2014 breach until last September when it began notifying at least 500 million users that their email addresses, birth dates, answers to security questions and other personal information may have been stolen. Three months later, Yahoo revealed it had uncovered a separate hack in 2013 affecting about 1 billion accounts, including some that were also hit in 2014.
MAPUTO, MOZAMBIQUE (July 27, 2017)—The notorious leader of an East African ivory poaching network— Mateso Albana Kasian—has been arrested in Mozambique. Mateso was wanted by both Tanzanian and Mozambican authorities for orchestrating the slaughter of hundreds, possibly thousands, of elephants across southern Tanzania and northern Mozambique since 2012-2013.
The ivory kingpin was taken into custody by Mozambique's National Criminal Investigation Service (SERNIC) in northern Mozambique on July 11, 2017.
Mozambique's National Administration of Conservation Areas (ANAC) and Tanzania's National & Transnational Serious Crimes Investigation Unit (NTSCIU), with the support of WCS (Wildlife Conservation Society) and the PAMS Foundation, have been cooperating since 2014 to track Mateso's movements. He managed as many as seven-armed poaching gangs in southern Tanzania in 2013 and moved his operations to northern Mozambique in 2013-14.
In September 2014, following the high-profile arrest of a professional ivory poaching gang in Niassa National Reserve, ANAC and WCS uncovered evidence that linked Mateso to the poaching and trafficking of over three tons of ivory in 2014 alone. The detained poachers confessed to working for Mateso and claimed that he operated other gangs in the reserve.
Mateso's arrest would not have been possible without the careful coordination between authorities from both countries – specifically ANAC and SERNIC in Mozambique and the NTSCIU in Tanzania—and direct support from NGOs, including WCS and Niassa Wilderness in Mozambique, and the PAMS Foundation in Tanzania.
Poaching operations in Africa have grown increasingly sophisticated with injections of large amounts of cash from foreign ivory traffickers resulting in professionalized ivory poaching gangs armed with high-powered hunting rifles and AK-47s. Elephant populations have crashed as a result. Since 2011, Niassa National Reserve's elephant population has declined from an estimated 12,029 to an estimated 3,675 in 2016. These organized poaching and trafficking gangs also spread corruption to in these remote border areas, leading to a general breakdown in law and order.
Earlier this year, with support from many partners, including the US Agency for International Development (USAID), WCS and WWF, Mozambique strengthened its wildlife legislation to criminalize trafficking of wildlife products and to improve its investigation and prosecution systems. This week ANAC is hosting a workshop with other law enforcement agencies in Mozambique to strengthen its coordination against wildlife crime. The recent arrest of Mateso is a tangible success of Mozambique's efforts to counter wildlife trafficking.
The Wildlife Conservation Society co-manages the 16,000-square-mile Niassa National Reserve in northern Mozambique with ANAC, strengthening all reserve operations and building law enforcement capacity in particular. WCS is also supporting ANAC and other authorities at the national level in Mozambique to develop and respond to intelligence about international trafficking rings, and to coordinate with other countries and international law enforcement partners. In Tanzania WCS is also actively working to protect elephants in the hard-hit Ruaha-Katavi landscape which is home to Africa's second largest elephant population, after Botswana.
###
Heating of the oceans is, pardon the pun, a hot subject. There is a broad recognition that the oceans, which absorb approximately 90% of excess greenhouse gas energy, are key not only to how fast the planet will warm, but also how hot it will get in the end. Many recent studies have tried to measure deeper ocean regions or previously uncharted areas in the search for heat. A new study by Lijing Cheng and Jiang Zhu takes a different approach. They ask how large are biases in the estimates of ocean heating from the finite resolution of the devices themselves. Their findings are exciting, but first, let's talk about the details of the study.
Lijing Cheng, relaxing with Kangaroos
Measuring the oceans is difficult; they are vast and deep. In order to measure the total energy in the ocean, you have to obtain temperatures at many locations and at many depths. Not only that, you need to make measurements over many years if you want to identify long-term trends.
Oceanographers have been making such measurements for decades. But the density of measurements is not spread uniformly over the oceans. There are more in coastal regions or major shipping lanes than in other locations. To further complicate the problem, the measurement methods have changed over the years.
Decades ago, insulated buckets, then, bathythermograph devices, and now ARGO floats have been used. While these devices all go down into the ocean depths, they have different depth resolutions. Over the years, we have a large number of measurements near ocean's surfaces but as we measure deeper and deeper, fewer and fewer data points are available. As a result, we cannot construct exact temperature-depth curves. Consequently, our discrete data points give us some error, some bias compared to real ocean temperatures.
In their paper, Lijing Cheng and Jiang Zhu quantify our ocean errors. They started with a “real” ocean temperature and then they extracted discrete data and asked themselves how their discrete data matched the original temperatures. By discrete data, I mean that they extracted temperatures every 10 meters, 20 meters, 30 meters, and so forth. Somewhat like the science of calculus where smooth curves are approximated by a series of straight-lined segments.
What they found was very interesting. In the upper regions of the oceans, the discrete data was colder than the real ocean temperatures. However, deeper in the waters, the trend reversed and the discrete data was warmer. But to make things more complicated, the errors differed depending on location in the oceans. Near the equator (tropics), the discrete data exhibited a warm bias but further from the equator, the bias was cold. Furthermore, the extent of the error changed throughout the year.
The authors use their findings to calculate how close together measurements would have to be to obtain accurate ocean temperature measurements. The authors also propose a method to correct past temperature data to account for these biases. It is important for readers to recognize that the biases themselves do not make us think climate change will be worse or milder. What really matter are the changes to biases over time.
Dr. Cheng, who recently graduated with his PhD, told me,
“Ocean heat content is one of the key climate indicators. The latest IPCC report lists upper ocean heating (upper 700 meters of ocean water) that range widely among researchers. Diagnosing the sources of uncertainty in upper ocean heat content is an important task for the scientific community and the general public. I first proposed a method to examine expendable bathythermograph biases. We worked on a cooperative research effort with colleagues Tim Boyer from NOAA, and Susan Wijffels and Rebecca Crowley from CSIRO to diagnose new measurement correction schemes. This could help oceanographers obtain unbiased ocean temperatures for climate studies. We noticed that the resolution of measurements is sparse. We wanted to know whether the insufficiency in resolution could cause errors in ocean heating estimates. We assessed this problem in our paper and we are now working on improving ocean warming estimates.”
Since this topic is one I've published on recently, I will be awaiting the next installment from this research team with bated breath.
Trump ja Kim
Kuva: EPA
USA:n ja Pohjois-Korean johtajat tapaavat Vietnamissa. USA:n presidentti Donald Trump ja Pohjois-Korean johtaja Kim Jong-un saapuivat Vietnamin pääkaupunkiin Hanoihin tiistaina.
Trump ja Kim tapaavat keskiviikkona ja torstaina. Tapaamisessa puhutaan Pohjois-Korean ydinaseista. USA toivoo, että Pohjois-Korea luopuu ydinaseista.
Tämä on Trumpin ja Kimin toinen tapaaminen. He tapasivat ensimmäisen kerran viime kesänä.
Työttömyys
Kuva: Minna Rosvall / Yle
Työttömyys on vähentynyt.
TE-toimistoissa oli tammikuun lopussa vähän yli 250 000 työtöntä työnhakijaa. Se on yli 30 000 vähemmän kuin vuosi sitten.
Norovirus
Kuva: Jyrki Lyytikkä / Yle
Suomessa on nyt paljon vatsatautia, jonka syy on norovirus. Tammi- ja helmikuun tilastoissa on 900 norovirustapausta.
Terveyden ja hyvinvoinnin laitokselta kerrotaan, että norovirus on tavallinen talvella ja keväällä. Norovirus aiheuttaa vatsakipua, oksentamista ja kuumetta.
Paras tapa estää vatsatauti on pestä kädet vedellä ja saippualla ainakin wc-käynnin jälkeen ja ennen ruokailua. Käsidesi ei tapa norovirusta.
Ruutuaika
Kuva: Toni Pitkänen / Yle
Pikkulapsen kehitys voi hidastua, jos hän viettää paljon aikaa television ja älylaitteiden parissa. Näin kertoo kanadalainen tutkimus.
Tutkimuksessa huomattiin, että ruutuaika vaikuttaa jo 2-vuotiaiden lasten kehitykseen. Ruutuaika tarkoittaa aikaa, jonka lapsi viettää eri laitteiden parissa.
Runsas ruutuaika näkyy 5-vuotiaiden testeissä. Silloin esimerkiksi lapsen sosiaaliset taidot voivat olla vähän huonommat, jos hän on viettänyt paljon aikaa laitteiden parissa.
MM-hiihdot
Kuva: Lehtikuva / Heikki Saukkomaa
Hiihdon MM-kilpailut ovat jatkuneet Itävallassa Seefeldissä. Tiistaina suomalaiset jännittivät naisten 10 kilometrin hiihtoa.
Suomen Krista Pärmäkoski tuli kilpailussa sijalle 4. Pärmäkoski jäi pronssimitalista vain 1,4 sekuntia.
Kilpailun voittaja ja maailmanmestari oli Norjan Therese Johaug.
Sää
Keskiviikkona sää on etelässä aurinkoinen. Lapissa sataa lunta. Torstaina lunta sataa myös etelässä.
Lämpötila on keskiviikkona nollan yläpuolella melkein koko maassa. Torstaina sää kylmenee.
