It was one of those conversations with her husband that Mylene Son would never forget.
On the night of Sept. 15 this year, Police Chief Insp. Jesus “Jim” Son told his wife: “Baka hanggang ngayon o bukas na lang ang buhay ko (My life might end today or tomorrow).”
ADVERTISEMENT
Her husband was no stranger to death threats, Mylene said. Known as a tough police officer in Leyte, Son was not the type who would be shaken by any threat. But that night, Mylene said, he talked about being killed like he was so sure it would happen and that he knew who would do it.
“He told me who threatened him and that he also told his closest friend about it,” Mylene recounted.
On Monday, Dec. 5, Mylene will face the Senate inquiry on invitation by the committee headed by Sen. Panfilo Lacson. “Sasabihin ko ang lahat ng katotohanang nalalaman ko (I will tell all that I know),” she said.
Son told Mylene about a direct threat from Supt. Marvin Marcos, Region 8's chief of Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG).
“Mainit daw sa kanya si Supt. Marcos kasi hindi niya ginawa ang inuutos sa kanya na ‘project.' Gusto daw tignan kung hanggang saan talaga ang tapang ng asawa ko (He said Marcos was mad because he did not do the project assigned to him. My husband said Marcos wanted to see how far he'd go in defying him),” Mylene said.
Son and Marcos were not on speaking terms because in a previous local election, Marcos' wife, Marites, had run against Edgar Empillo Sr., Son's father-in-law, for the vice mayoral post in Pastrana town, Leyte. Son's father-in-law won, while Marcos' wife placed third in the race.
Making amends
Then sometime in August, Marcos started talking to Son again, Mylene said, adding that her husband thought it was because the CIDG head wanted to make amends for his previous hostility.
Son did not realize that Marcos was trying to lure him into doing a very sensitive “project,” Mylene said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The “project” targeted someone who had identified key personalities involved in the proliferation of illegal drugs in Eastern Visayas, as well as government and police officials who had received protection money for the illegal drugs trade of Kerwin Espinosa.
Mylene said her husband told her the “project” was a hit on Albuera, Leyte Mayor Rolando Espinosa. “Marcos asked my husband if he has an asset who could kill Espinosa for a P500,000 fee. Son said he'd look for one; he felt pressured to do it. Then a close relative and friend advised my husband not to do it because Mayor Espinosa was under the witness protection program. He just might become a fall guy,” Mylene recalled her husband telling her.
On the night of Sept. 15, Son on his joint Facebook account with his wife, posted this message, “Pulis sa pulis … putangina mo!!! offer ka nga, naka witness protection program naman …. tapos double cross mo kami … ala ka bayag … subukin mo ako hamunin nang harapan … I'm sure may mamamatay sa atin!!! Wag mo ako traidurin!!! Di kita uurungan! (Cop versus cop … son of a whore! You made an offer on [a guy under] the witness protection program then you dare double-cross us. You have no balls. Why don't you fight me face to face? I'm sure one of us will die. Don't double-cross me! I will not back down).”
Ambushed
The message was addressed to Marcos, according to Mylene. At that time, Mayor Espinosa was still in the custody of Albuera Police Chief Inspector Jovie Espenido.
The following day, Son was ambushed by unidentified assailants along the national highway of Barangay Piilit, Sta. Fe in Leyte province. Initial investigation reports said the ambush was work-related because Son was a former intelligence officer of Leyte's Anti-Drugs Group and had received recognition and commendations for several antidrug operations.
“That morning, he was so happy. He woke me and said, it's Friday, I'll be attending the flag-raising ceremony,” Mylene recalled. Her husband also promised to go home after the flag-raising ceremony to help a neighbor who had been robbed.
“He left past 6 and I texted him saying I'll wait for him at the Snack Haus so we could go home together,” Mylene said. But until 9 that morning, there was no response to her message. At past 9, Son texted back. “Pauwi na ako (on my way home)” and she had responded, “OK. Love u.” It was the last communication between husband and wife.
By 10, Mylene got suspicious when some friends checked on her. Was she at the Snack Haus? Was she with her husband? they wanted to know. “My friends knew that no matter how difficult it was for me, I would always go with my husband wherever he might be assigned. I want someone to converse with,” Mylene said, not knowing that her friends already knew about her husband's ambush when they called her.
On Nov. 5, Mayor Espinosa was killed by a CIDG team led by Marcos inside a subprovincial jail in Leyte.
Powerful backers?
Weeks after that, Mylene sought the Inquirer for help, fearing that Marcos would go after her and her children next. She wanted to talk as early as three weeks ago but became hesitant when she saw Marcos' demeanor during the Senate inquiry led by Lacson.
“Ang lakas ng loob niya, parang may ipinagmamalaki. Paano ka magsasalita laban sa taong ganun kalakas ang loob na parang nakasandal sa pader? (He sounded so sure, so confident like he has powerful backers. How can you talk against someone who has such strong connections?)”
Recently, Philippine National Police Director General Ronald dela Rosa revealed that someone higher than him had asked that Marcos be reinstated as CIDG Region 8 Director.
Soon after, as speculation grew about Dela Rosa's compadre who had interceded for Marcos, President Duterte himself admitted that it was him, through Secretary Bong Go, who had ordered Marcos' reinstatement.
He needed the CIDG head back in his post, the President said, because he was still conducting an investigation on Marcos and was trying to piece together his connections in the illegal drugs trade.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
New Statesman, a piece by Bill Parry, author of Against the Wall:
now one of Britain's most successful bands, Massive Attack, is publicly backing the boycott.
“I've always felt that it's the only way forward," Robert Del Naja, the band's lead singer, tells me when we meet at the Lazarides gallery in Fitzrovia, London…
"We were asked to play Israel and we refused," he says. "The question was asked: ‘If you don't play there, how can you go there and change things?' I said: ‘Listen, I can't play in Israel when the Palestinians have no access to the same fundamental benefits that the Israelis do.' I think the best approach is to boycott a government that seems hell-bent on very destructive policies. And it's sad, because we've met some great people in Israel, and it's a difficult decision to have to make."…
“We are not going to achieve a quick lib­eration," Del Naja concedes, but says the point is to apply "pressure, the continual pressure that's needed"….
“The boycott is not an action of aggression towards the Israeli people," he says. "It's towards the government and its policies. Everyone needs to be reminded of this because it's very easy to be accused of being anti-Semitic, and that's not what this is about."
Across the history of the IPL, Gujarat Lions captain Suresh Raina has never been dismissed by Kolkata Knight Riders' offspinner Sunil Narine (2:50)
Match facts
Gujarat Lions v Kolkata Knight Riders
Rajkot, April 7, 2017
Start time 2000 local (1430 GMT)
Head to head
Overall: Gujarat Lions have won both matches between the teams so far.
In the news
Neither team will be able to field their best XI. Gujarat Lions allrounder Dwayne Bravo suffered a hamstring injury in January and is recovering from surgery. He is likely to miss the first two games. Kolkata Knight Riders fast bowler Umesh Yadav has hip and lower-back issues and will be fit to play in two weeks.
Knight Riders will also have to make do without allrounder Andre Russell, who is serving a one-year ban for a doping code-violation. His replacement though - Colin de Grandhomme - has a T20 strike-rate of 171 after 91 innings. Shakib Al Hasan will join the team after Bangladesh's tour of Sri Lanka.
Lions have lost a similarly key player. Their local boy Ravindra Jadeja is suffering from "issues" to his spinning finger after starring in a 13-Test long home season. Lions do have a surplus of left-arm spinners - Shadab Jakati and Shivil Kaushik - and are expecting Jadeja back in two weeks.
The likely XIs
Gujarat Lions: 1 Brendon McCullum, 2 Dwayne Smith, 3 Suresh Raina (capt), 4 Aaron Finch, 5 Dinesh Karthik (wk), 6 James Faulkner, 7 Ishan Kishan, 8 Praveen Kumar, 9 Shadab Jakati, 10 Dhawal Kulkarni, 11 Shivil Kaushik
Kolkata Knight Riders: 1 Gautam Gambhir (capt), 2 Robin Uthappa (wk), 3 Manish Pandey, 4 Chris Lynn/Colin de Grandhomme, 5 Chris Woakes, 6 Yusuf Pathan, 7 Suryakumar Yadav, 8 Kuldeep Yadav, 9 Sunil Narine, 10 Ankit Rajpoot, 11 Trent Boult
Stats that matter
In a climate overflowing with explosions and thrilling chase sequences that make only the most fleeting references to the real-world situations they so clearly emulate, Ubisoft set a new standard for videogames in 2007 with Assassin's Creed. It was an over-the-top “Da Vinci Code”-esque narrative about time travel, cloaked assassins, and secret illuminati gangs running the major world religions and nations, sure, but it was one that had an unprecedented amount of historical research pored into its story and visual aesthetic, a strength that truly hit its stride in 2009 with Assassin's Creed II and its charming and exceedingly Italian protagonist Ezio Auditore da Firenze.
With Ezio's trilogy ending last year, Ubisoft aggressively reimagined the franchise for this divisive election year, bringing the time-traveling narrative to American revolutionary times and recasting the player character as a part Native American assassin. Speakeasy got a chance to preview Assassin's Creed III recently. Afterwards, we caught up with lead writer Corey May to talk about the new direction the series is taking, his research and writing process when dealing with characters as iconic as George Washington, and the surprising quirks of Benjamin Franklin.
Kermit Gosnell is a PR problem for the Left. With luck, this new book and upcoming movie will make him famous, something Planned Parenthood can't afford to happen
NYT ignores bestselling Gosnell book to protect abortion profiteers
The New York Times is leaving a bestselling book about a convicted mass-murdering abortionist off its bestsellers list to protect its friends at Planned Parenthood and in the abortion industry. As Regnery Publishing sees it, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America's Most Prolific Serial Killer, which sold 7,644, should appear on the NYT nonfiction list after The Magnolia Story, which sold 10,000. The movie of the book is currently in post-production, according to IMDb.
Sticking it to conservative authors is hardly a new practice by the Old Gray Lady but, understandably, it can be infuriating. Ann McElhinney, co-author of Gosnell, is angry. “This is shocking that the cover-up of the Gosnell story is continuing even after the mainstream media were so criticized for failing to cover the trial.” “It's clear that this is a blatant fake list in a fake news newspaper. It's not only an insult to the people who have bought this book, but an insult to the readers of the New York Times who buy the newspaper and think they are getting the truth about book sales across America but instead get false facts disguised as a neutral list.” To avoid the death penalty, Dr. Kermit Gosnell of Philadelphia accepted a life sentence in a plea bargain. He was convicted of murdering three babies born alive at his grimy abortion clinic. He was also found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the overdose death of one of his adult patients. In closing arguments at the trial prosecutor Ed Cameron said to Gosnell “Are you human?” He added, “To med these women up and stick knives in the backs of babies?” Kermit Gosnell is a PR problem for the Left. With luck, this new book and upcoming movie will make him famous, something Planned Parenthood can't afford to happen.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Matthew Vadum, Bombthrowers, and matthewvadum.blogspot.com, is an investigative reporter at a watchdog group in Washington, D.C.
His new book Subversion Inc. can be bought at Amazon.com (US), Amazon.ca (Canada)
Visit the Subversion Inc. Facebook page. Follow me on Twitter.
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
(Brussels, June 24, 2013) – The 32nd round of the European Union (EU)-China Human Rights Dialogue further lowers the bar for effective, principled human rights diplomacy, Human Rights Watch said today.
The dialogue is to be held in Guiyang, Guizhou province, on June 25, 2013. Many of the topics address pressing concerns, including the death penalty, arbitrary detention, and restrictions on the freedom of expression. But the utility of the dialogue will be limited by the choice of location, which prevents participation by, or access to, senior Chinese government and EU officials, human rights defenders, civil society representatives, or the press.
“This is precisely the kind of ‘dialogue' the Chinese government likes best: away from senior Chinese officials, away from the international press, and with little ambition from either side to apply rights protection to real life situations in China,” said Lotte Leicht, EU director. “With each successive round, the Chinese government feels less obliged to make changes, while the EU accepts progressively more restrictive conditions for even holding the dialogue.”
In the three months since Xi Jinping formally assumed China's presidency, few if any significant steps towards better human rights protections have emerged. Although the new leadership has rhetorically hinted at serious reforms – such as abolishing the notorious system of arbitrary detention known as Reeducation through Labor, in which access to a trial is denied but individuals can be held for up to four years; reforming the “household registration” (hukou) system that discriminates against rural residents; and cracking down on corruption – few systemic reforms have actually been proposed.
Officials have also not refrained from persecuting government critics and their family members during this period. Chen Kegui, the imprisoned nephew of blind legal activist Chen Guangcheng, continues to be denied effective treatment for appendicitis, while the brother-in-law of Liu Xiaobo, the imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize winner, was given an extraordinarily harsh sentence of 11 years on fraud charges in June. Despite President Xi's repeated public commitment to cracking down on corruption, four people were detained on March 31, for unfurling banners in a Beijing public square calling on the government to implement a policy to require officials to publicly disclose their assets. Since that time, the police have detained and arrested 11 more for allegedly participating in the same campaign.
In June 2012, EU foreign ministers adopted a sweeping package of new policies that committed the EU to “place human rights at the center of its relations with all third countries, including its strategic partners,” and “throw its full weight behind advocates of liberty, democracy, and human rights throughout the world.”In the past year, the EU has raised China in recent statements at the United Nations Human Rights Council, in the United Nations' Third Committee, and through some public statements.
Yet, one year after adopting the human rights package, the EU and its member states have done little to publicly impress human rights concerns on Chinese leaders, and their pledge to firmly back human rights defenders increasingly looks like an empty gesture as far as Chinese activists are concerned. Rather than answering Chinese government intransigence over two rounds of the human rights dialogue per year by devoting one annual session to interacting with civil society, the EU has accepted dialogues that take place far from public view. It does not publicly discuss whether there has been progress in the individual cases it raises with the Chinese government. When accepting the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize, the EU leadership at the ceremonies in Oslo appeared unwilling to even mention Liu Xiaobo, the imprisoned Chinese government critic and 2010 Nobel Peace Prize laureate, by name.
The EU has declined to take steps that would make the dialogues more meaningful in human rights terms, such as creating public benchmarks to measure progress towards abolishing all forms of arbitrary detention, ending enforced disappearances, and investigating and prosecuting those involved in running illegal detention facilities known as “black jails.” Instead, it has allowed the mere holding of the dialogues to become a deliverable unto themselves, Human Rights Watch said.
“If the EU wants to be a serious defender of human rights, this so-called human rights dialogue must be overhauled,” Leicht said. “EU representatives and member states must pursue a more determined, ambitious, and transparent policy on behalf of human rights, and they must address concerns at the highest levels of government instead of conveniently parking them in a low-level, non-transparent diplomatic exercise.”
The dialogue that the EU is having with Chinese government officials should not and can never be a substitute for the Chinese government engaging with ordinary people, including those who criticize its policies. A key priority for the EU should be driving home the message that the Chinese government should be holding human rights dialogues with its own critics, such as Liu Xiaobo, rather than imprisoning them. The EU and its member states need to articulate a strategy on how they can pursue releases of those imprisoned for their peaceful activism, and use the combined leverage of the EU and all its member states sending the same messages of concern, setting the same human rights benchmarks, and pursuing the freedom of imprisoned activists in a transparent and dedicated manner.
The European Parliament has raised concerns regarding the dialogue, and stated that its modalities need to be improved in order to engage in a more constructive way.
“All we ask is for the EU and its member states to live up to the pledges they made to human rights defenders one year ago,” Leicht said. “The business-as-usual attitude has to stop and the EU and its member states need to take new and bold steps to advance protection.”
More than half of all the mothers reported using acetaminophen while pregnant. The researchers found that children whose mothers used acetaminophen during pregnancy were at a 13 percent to 37 percent higher risk of later receiving a hospital diagnosis of hyperkinetic disorder, being treated with ADHD medications or having ADHD-like behaviors at age 7. The longer acetaminophen was taken — that is, into the second and third trimesters — the stronger the associations. The risks for hyperkinetic disorder/ADHD in children were elevated 50 percent or more when the mothers had used the common painkiller for more than 20 weeks in pregnancy.
"It's known from animal data that acetaminophen is a hormone disruptor, and abnormal hormonal exposures in pregnancy may influence fetal brain development," Ritz said. Acetaminophen can cross the placental barrier, Ritz noted, and it is plausible that acetaminophen may interrupt fetal brain development by interfering with maternal hormones or through neurotoxicity, such as the induction of oxidative stress, which can cause the death of neurons. "We need further research to verify these findings, but if these results reflect causal associations, then acetaminophen should no longer be considered a 'safe' drug for use in pregnancy," Olsen said. Other authors of the study included Zeyan Liew (first author) and Pei-Chen Lee of UCLA, and Cristina Rebordosa of the University of Arizona. Funding was provided by the Danish Medical Research Council (09-069178). The UCLA Fielding School of Public Health , founded in 1961, is dedicated to enhancing the public's health by conducting innovative research, training future leaders and health professionals from diverse backgrounds, translating research into policy and practice, and serving our local communities and the communities of the nation and the world. The school has 650 students from more than 35 nations engaged in carrying out the vision of building healthy futures in greater Los Angeles, California, the nation and the world. and follow us on Twitter . For more news, visit the UCLA Newsroom
Big Data Killed the Data Modeling Star
Big data offers BI professionals new ways of making information work for the business.
By Paul Sonderegger, Chief Strategist, Endeca Technologies, Inc.
MTV's first video, Video Killed The Radio Star, captured TV's disruption of the music industry. Big data is disrupting the BI industry in a similar way -- changing what BI teams do and how they do it.
It's not immediately obvious why this should be. Shouldn't big data be like a DBA right-to-work act? If managing data is what BI teams do today, a greater supply of information should mean their skills are in greater demand. That's true up to a point, but big data shoots past that point, inverting the relationship.
The volume of big data is such a change in degree that it's a change in kind. It's like running a zoo where every morning the number of animals you have grows by orders of magnitude. Yesterday you had three lions. Today you have 300.
Big volume isn't even the big story. The big story is the variety of data and its velocity of change. This is like running a zoo where the number of animals shoots up every morning as does the number of kinds of animals. Yesterday you had 300 lions. Today you have 30,000 animals, including lions, hummingbirds, giant squid, and more.
The biggest bottleneck in making this data menagerie productive is labor. In a big data world, data modeling, integration, and performance tuning are governors of data use because they rely on relatively slow manual processes done by relatively expensive specialists. In an ironic twist, the substitution of computing capital for labor that transformed other business processes (such as inventory management, manufacturing, and accounting) will do the same to information management itself.
Take the relatively simple case of a data mart with fast-growing volume. As the volume of data grows, query performance tuning becomes both more important and more difficult. Performance tuning requires trade-offs. For example, pre-aggregating the data improves query response but cuts off the user from detailed data which may be valuable for certain investigations. As data volume grows, more data aggregation may be required, eliminating levels of detail that used to be available. When the users rebel, the BI team has to haggle over remediation and strike a new balance. This time-consuming approach is simply unaffordable in a big-data world.
Removing this bottleneck is what data warehouse appliances are all about, including those from Netezza (now IBM) and Vertica (now HP), plus SAP's HANA and Oracle's Exalytics appliances. Dramatic increases in processing horsepower from in-memory architectures, as well as faster look-ups thanks to the improved compression and organization of columnar stores, make performance tuning through model-tweaking a thing of the past.
Historic buildings tell the story of cities. They mark important events, anchor neighborhoods, and lure tourists to visit. Old buildings are old friends and I fight to protect them. Some projects are in the works for generations (the Hall of Justice sat empty for 21 years!) and it's always hard to be a preservationist always climbing up a slippery hill. Norms coffee shop on La Cienega was declared a Historic-Cultural monument in May, but the future of the 1957 coffee shop remains up in the air. Big wins like Clifton's Cafeteria and a preservation ordinance for Los Angeles County made 2015 a pretty good year for landmarks in Los Angeles. I am thankful that these 13 historic places, large and small, were saved and found new life this year and excited about some big restoration projects in the works that will be unveiled in 2016.
Angel Food Donuts sign (Now Dunkin' Donuts)
5560 E 7th St., Long Beach, CA 90804
Dunkin' restored a giant 3-D donut sign dating to a 1950s donut shop previously on the site when they built a new store at this location.
Cindy's Coffee Shop sign
1500 Colorado Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90041
Patrons of the rejuvenated restaurants ponied up funds through Kickstarter to rehab the vintage sign.
Clifton's Cafeteria
648 S Broadway, Los Angeles, CA 90014
The classic downtown restaurant reopened as “Clifton's Cabinet of Curiosities” in October.
Columbia Square (Now Neue House)
6121 Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90028
The former headquarters of CBS in Hollywood was restored as an office sharing club with restaurants
Gilmore Gas station (Now Starbucks)
859 N Highland Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90038
The coffee giant brought this long-closed Streamline gas station back to life.
Globe Theatre
744 S Broadway, Los Angeles, CA 90014
The century-old cinema was refurbished as a dance club in July.
Hall of Justice
211 West Temple St., Los Angeles, CA 90012
The massive building was reoccupied for the first time since the 1994 earthquake.
Hollyhock House
4800 Hollywood Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90027
Thousands attended an all-night party in February to see Frank Lloyd Wright's restored masterpiece.
Idle Hour
4824 N Vineland Ave., Los Angeles, CA 91601
The barrel-shaped bar came back to life in February.
Kronish house
9439 Sunset Blvd., Beverly Hills, CA 90210
This home by Richard Neutra was rescued at the last minute and was meticulously restored.
Pasadena Civic Auditorium exhibition hall
300 E Green St., Pasadena, CA 91101
This newly restored wing of the Civic Auditorium housed an ice skating rink for many years.
Taco Bell #1 (former site of)
7112 Firestone Blvd., Downey, CA 90241
The first store in the Mexican fast food chain was moved to company headquarters in Irvine in November.
Van Dekker House
19950 Collier St., Los Angeles, CA 91364
Rudolph Schindler designed this striking angular home for the actor Albert Dekker in 1940.
Introducing the Trust Wars – Beta!
It's time to choose a side: Omni Trust, EvoS, or Warbotics! At the start of the Beta test of this event every player will be given a banner background and emblem for each of these trusts.
Players adorned with the EvoS banner background that win matches will gain influence for their trust. With enough influence your trust's rewards will be unlocked!
You'll get more and more rare banner backgrounds and access to Loot Matrices that contain Trust Styles for every single freelancer.
The Trust Wars is only in Beta right now, and it will be changing in the near future. We're looking forward to all the playtesting and feedback we get from you all!
Good luck lancers. Choose wisely!
Join the Beta
For all the latest Atlas Reactor news make sure to follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and come discuss the state of the game in our Forums. Join in with the Community Missions and help everyone earn more cool stuff!
People have asked me to write on this for various reasons, but let me say at the outset: my goal is not to mock anyone's creative endeavors, but to move the cultural conversation forward.
Try to keep an open mind…
You've already read the title and more than likely by now the sphincter clenched, pupils contracted, jaw set, and all guards flew up because you already know the unwritten rule: never badmouth Christian movies in mixed company.
But there are many who see Christian movies as a strange and largely inscrutable subgenre of drama that pushes aesthetically inferior, preachy, simplistic stories for the Christian ghetto. Thus, they dismiss every Christian movie by association.
On the other hand, many Christians see these movies as a safe alternative to Hollywood's immorality, and the only reason they do not receive more critical acclaim is bigotry. If you don't agree, well then, you “love the world” or have backslidden into Hollywood's lure of sex, violence, profanity, and hedonism…
The resulting argument always generates more heat than light, largely because both sides fail to recognize that Christian movies “suffer” under a different paradigm.
The Hollywood Way
Hollywood storytelling burgeoned over 100 years ago, born out of the theories of Aristotle and the Greek theater, rising through the medieval minstrel shows, through William Shakespeare and other Elizabethans, and into vaudeville. At each stage they refined a craft according to technology, culture and audience response.
The result is a storytelling template that emphasizes, generally speaking, a single protagonist who must go through an inner journey of transformation in order to overcome an external problem. We refer to that external conflict as “A plot” and the inner struggle as “B plot.”
Critiquing Hollywood movies, which takes graduate-level courses to explain, involves Aristotle's principles as well as modern aesthetics. While this analysis may still seem like a popularity contest, most of the time the questions are: how unified is the story? How true to our human experience is it? How deep is the protagonist and how fulfilling is his arc? How well does the movie connect emotionally with its audience?
So a “bad movie” by Hollywood standards lacks aesthetic value (bad sound, bad lighting, bad acting, bad editing, etc) or it lacks unity (see: Aristotle's Poetics) or is false, meaning we don't accept the reality of the plot, character or theme.
The Christian Movie Alternative
Christian movies, however, are part of a history of Biblical storytelling that grew from Moses, the prophets, King David, the Book of Job, Jesus' parables, the Acts of the Apostles and Revelation. Its influence touches theater through the centuries but has more influence in medieval morality tales, Dante, various allegories, then into modern morality literature and specifically, sermons.
There is no distinct template for a Christian movie, but in many cases the protagonist's inner journey of transformation (B plot) IS the A plot. That is, what the protagonist needs to learn in the story becomes the primary focus, and external conflict(s) (A plot) become secondary.
For Hollywood, this is a HUGE problem.
But for those well-versed in sermons, this feels quite natural, and they will evaluate the movies the same as sermons. An anecdote or analogy may fall flat but how well does it express the Gospel truth? How well does it impact the viewer (for the Gospel)?
A bad Christian movie may or may not have bad production value, but it violates the Gospel. It's false as it relates to Biblical truth.
In other words, a Christian film may be ugly, but it can't be sinful.
This is the crux the quality argument. This is the reason why, if you badmouth or roll your eyes at a bad Christian movie, your brethren think you're possessed or a heretic.
It is also the reason why I refer to most Christian movies as “narrative sermons” rather than movies. It's almost unfair to judge them by another scale.
Almost…
Going Forward
Yes, some may say that Christian movies suck from a different paradigm is like saying Amadeus sucked because it had no car chases. Avoid the arguments.
That said, the larger issue is, how can the Christian filmmaker justify equating the 3-act structure with a 3-point sermon when the vast majority of his audience is not versed in that paradigm? If you're ministering to the choir this doesn't matter. Sherwood Baptist knows their core audience. But if Christians want to reach the lost, every missionary learns the native language.
Consider that God gave the prophet Daniel “knowledge and understanding of all kinds of literature and learning” and the king “found them ten times better than all the magicians and enchanters in his whole kingdom.” (Daniel 1:17-20, paraphrase)
Go, and do likewise, so no choices are made out of ignorance or bigotry.
And that bigotry cuts both ways. Despite what many Christians believe, in Hollywood, the craft of screenwriting is not “sex, violence, drugs and profanity,” but plot, character, dialog, and theme.
In other words, it's not sinful to learn the Hollywood's native sorcery. They may hate us anyway, as Jesus said they would, but if Christian movies don't “suck,” then the only remaining stumbling block is the message.
Clinton will enter the Democratic race with a bang — and virtually no opposition to speak of. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), who could mount a serious campaign from the left, has said she won't run, and is making no behind-the-scenes preparations. Vice President Joe Biden says he might very well run — but mainly wants his name in the mix in case Clinton implodes. This leaves a trio of long shots with scant money: Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and former Sen. Jim Webb of Virginia. The potential opposition is so weak that Clinton might wind up not even debating during the primaries, which many Democrats view as a mixed blessing.
Bill Clinton is already deeply engaged in the campaign, warning that Jeb Bush is a real threat, while New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is probably just a sideshow. The former president got a heads-up from the camp of President George H.W. Bush a few days before former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush made his surprise Facebook announcement in December that he would “actively explore” a campaign. The two former presidents have developed a friendly bond, partly because of their work together on relief for the 2004 Asian tsunami.
If the first half of the discussion was a draw, Rubio stood out in the discussion of foreign policy and national security. It was clear that he has a command of the issues that far surpasses both Paul and Cruz – a fact that's perhaps not surprising given Rubio's service on both the Senate Foreign Relations committee and the Senate Intelligence Committee. Rubio demonstrated a fluency on matters of national security that one might expect from a senator who has been in Washington much longer than four years.
Politico's Mike Allen (who'd probably qualify as management, not rank-and-file, in the publication's coming labor disputes ) opens his piece today on Hillary Clinton's 2016 ambitions with an intriguing lede: "Not only is she running, but we have a very good idea of what her campaign will look like." Some analysts have bandied about the possibility that Hillary won't run for president again. She's tired. She's old. She's ready to retire comfortably and be a doting grandmother. Nonsense. She circled November 8, 2016 on her calendar the very moment she conceded the Democratic primary to Barack Obama in 2008, and she's been positioning herself to seek the crown again ever since. She's running, period. And It's understandably unlikely that polling like this has done anything to dampen her enthusiasm. Allen's story previews Team Hillary's early stages game plan, which entails "integrating Bill" from the get-go and improving somewhat frosty relations with the news media by casting the candidate in a "good cop" role. It also raises the possibility that Clinton may prove such a juggernaut that she'll run virtually unopposed (the report mentions that her team is already debating the running mate selection process, with an emphasis on "diversity") and may consider declining to participate in primary debates:It's an unalloyed blessing because she'll stockpile cash and endorsements, face little public push-back from the Hillary-skeptic Left (especially thanks to Elizabeth Warren's seemingly final decision not to run), and effectively campaign as a general election nominee and prohibitive front-runner from word one. The "mixed" bit refers to concerns that voters won't necessarily take kindly to a campaign rooted in resistance-is-futile-style inevitability, and that a totally uncompetitive primary may yield an untested, rusty nominee. Mitt Romney's debating skills were sharpened and honed over the grinding GOP contest in 2012, leading to his historic blowout of President Obama in their first head-to-head encounter. Obama hadn't seriously debating anyone in years. He was much sharper against John McCain in 2008, having worked himself into fighting shape over the course of a tough, protracted battle against Hillary. On balance, though, the advantages of a coronation outstrip any relatively minor risks, and Her Royal Highness is acting accordingly -- and taking all the hypocritical steps that ascension requires. Back to the Politico piece. What to make of this So Bill Clinton got tipped off that Jeb was getting into the race before many top Republicans did? Interesting. That's...exactly the sort of nugget that may entrench grassroots conservatives' suspicions of Bush as a ruling class establishmentarian. Question: Does Bubba authentically see Jeb as a real threat, or is he letting that assessment be known publicly because he's quite confident Jeb is eminently beatable, especially after he and his wife overcome their much-discussed affection for the Bushes and spend six months savaging the Bush political brand? Or maybe Bill's just being a peach and saying something nice about his pal's kid. Regardless, beware Clintons bearing compliments, Republicans. Elsewhere in Republicanland, while Scott Walker made his impressive showing in Iowa last weekend, another likely 2016 entrant was wowing another crowd Stephen Hayes' full dispatch from the Koch event suggests that Rand Paul is going to find himself at the center of some heated debates on foreign policy in the GOP primary, as he dug in his heels in siding with President Obama on Cuba and Iran policy during the forum. I'll leave you with a less sympathetic review of the Obama/Clinton foreign policy, delivered by a Congressional Democrat (whom we mentioned last week) and who we can safely say won't end up as Hillary's "diverse" VP pick:
COLERAIN TOWNSHIP, Ohio -- A bank customer and robber fired at each other Monday inside a Key Bank on Springdale Road, according to police.
Colerain Township officers were called to the bank at about 11 a.m. Employees told police the robber, wearing dark clothing and a black hat, came inside and demanded money. Jim Love, Colerain Police Department spokesman, said investigators believe an accomplice waited outside.
Surveillance image of the suspect (Provided by Colerain Township Police Dept.)
At some point, a customer and the robber fired on each other. None of the customers or employees was harmed.
It's unclear if the suspect was injured. Police put in an alert to local hospitals in case he comes in with a gunshot wound. The two men were last seen running off, Love said.
"It would seem maybe they had a getaway plan -- maybe a vehicle somewhere else," he said. "We are not real sure, but it doesn't look like we can find them right now."
The customer who fired was legally carrying the firearm, Love said.
The FBI is helping with the investigation.
Anyone with information on the robbery or the man in the photo above should contact the Colerain Police Department's Criminal Investigative Unit at 513-321-COPS.
Donald J. Trump had already roiled the religious right, casting the Republican Party's most reliable voting bloc into an abyss of despair, recriminations and uncertainty about the future. Then the 2005 video surfaced of him boasting about his sexual predations and women began coming forward to accuse him of sexual assault.
“The world is getting a glimpse into the dark and rotting core of evangelicalism,” an evangelical with deep roots in the movement told me recently.
The divide — or, more aptly, the crater — between pro-Trump and anti-Trump evangelicals is a window into the future of the Republican Party. White evangelical voters are the heart of the party's base, the loyal foot soldiers who turn out for the party's presidential nominee every time. A poll by the Public Religion Research Institute taken in part after the video's release shows 65 percent of white evangelicals intending to vote for Mr. Trump. That is high enough to be significant, but is relatively low for evangelical voters and the Republican nominee. (For comparison, Mitt Romney, who was viewed with suspicion by many evangelicals because he is Mormon, won the votes of 79 percent of white evangelicals.) Most telling, though, is the significant gender gap: while 72 percent of white evangelical men said they intend to vote for Mr. Trump, only 58 percent of white evangelical women did.
A defection by even 15 percent or 20 percent of Republican evangelicals from lock-step support for the party could be a major contributing factor to a collapse of its national electoral viability. But that is just one measure of the splintering of this devoted voting bloc. The movement is also being subjected to a very public display of division between the pro- and anti-Trump camps and open talk among evangelicals about pro-Trump leaders' plummeting credibility.
“The Good Earth has style, power, coherence, and a pervasive sense of dramatic reality.” — New York Times Book Review
“A comment upon the meaning and tragedy of life as it is lived in any age in any quarter of the globe.” — New York Times
“One of the most important and revealing novels of our time.” — Pittsburgh Post Gazette
“One need never have lived in China or know anything about the Chinese to understand it or respond to its appeal.” — Boston Transcript
“A beautiful, beautiful book. At last we read, in the pages of a novel, of the real people of China.” — Saturday Review
“To read this story of Wang Lung is to be slowly and deeply purified; and when the last page is finished it is as if some significant part of one's own days were over.” — Bookman
“With the first chapter, a wonderful rendition of a time-honored story begins. Anthony Heald captures Buck's commentary on the human condition with a humble tone that matches the poignant life of Wang Lung and his wife, Olan, as they eke out a living in rural China. Heald's performance pays homage to the novel's historical integrity in its detailed account of the Boxer Rebellion and its aftermath. This is an outstanding production of Buck's most famous work.” — AudioFile
“Heald's beguiling voice is used to great effect in his impressive reading of this 1932 Pulitzer Prize–winning novel...Heald does not attempt a Chinese accent in his reading of this classic. Instead, he softly eases into tonal shifts...His wise decision not to force a false sound into his reading allows listeners to fully enjoy and luxuriate in the lovely cadence of the narration. A beautiful writer, Buck is a master at controlling the narrative while spinning out delicate and sublime sentences. Heald reads them perfectly, doing what should be done with all literary classics produced in audio format—letting the words take over so that listeners experience the text in a way so profound that they easily immerse themselves into the plot and fall under the writer's spell. Heald's fabulous reading is a great achievement, and his subtle changes in tone and inflection to indicate wizened old men and others of varying ages add authenticity to this timeless story. An essential purchase for well-rounded audio collections.” — Booklist
Read More
Hide
Recently, UCLA political science professor Tim Groseclose came out with a new book, "Left Turn," which argues that the media are responsible for shifting Americans' views 20 points to the left over the years. However, another of his findings is simply breathtaking. He claims that the Drudge Report is the most neutral news source in the nation. I'm not kidding. Yep, the same outlet that a judge called "a purveyor of gossip."
Groseclose appeared on today's 700 Club to discuss the book with Pat Robertson.
Some of Groseclose's findings come squarely in the "duh" category. For instance, he did a study in which the participants flipped a coin--those with "heads" got a subscription to the Washington Post, while "tails" got a subscription to the Washington Times. Most of those who subscribed to WaPo--surprise!--voted for Obama in 2008. Tells you something about how far Robertson has fallen when he features claptrap like this.
Recently I came across this problem which importing a large sql file to database. Now the main problem I was facing was that after a certain limit, the database would just stop executing even simple queries.
While running the queries from a PHP script I was getting the error, “MySQL server has gone away“. While trying to use mysql dump I was getting “Lost connection to mysql server”.
I googled a lot for the right solution. The results I got were all about increasing max_allowed_packet and wait_timeout . Unfortunately for me the above solutions were not working. After a lot of attempts, I gave up on them, and started looking for some server level issue.
That is when it occurred to me that this problem could be caused by my ulimit. Now ulimit is basically a limit which we assign to either the system as a whole, or individual users. It controls a lot of specifics as to how many concurrent files a user can keep open.
Once I got the ulimit increased to maximum possible value, the imports started working.
The first step of debugging this error, should be setting up values of max_allowed_packet and wait_timeout . Only if that does not work, should be gone for the server limits, because if they have been reduced, they must have been done so for some requirement. It is generally a process of hardening to make systems more secure.
Many young people diagnosed with mental disorders are essentially anarchists with the bad luck of being misidentified by mental health professionals who: (1) are ignorant of the social philosophy of anarchism, (2) embrace, often without political consciousness, it's opposite ideology of hierarchism, and (3) confuse the signs of anarchism with symptoms of mental illness.
The mass media equates anarchism with chaos and violence. However, the social philosophy of anarchism rejects authoritarian government, opposes coercion, strives for greatest freedom, works toward “mutual aid” and voluntary cooperation, and maintains that people organizing themselves without hierarchies create the most satisfying social arrangement. Many anarchists adhere to the principle of nonviolence (though the question of violence has historically divided anarchists in their battle to eliminate authoritarianism). Nonviolent anarchists have energized the Occupy movement and other struggles for economic justice and freedom.
In practice, anarchism is not a dogmatic system. So for example, “practical anarchist” parents will use their authority to grab their child who has begun to run out into traffic. However, practical anarchists strongly believe that all authorities have the burden of proof to justify control, and that most authorities in modern society cannot bear that burden and are thus illegitimate — and should be eliminated and replaced by noncoercive, freely participating relationships.
My experience as a clinical psychologist for almost three decades is that many young people labeled with psychiatric diagnoses are essentially anarchists in spirit who are pained, anxious, depressed, and angered by coercion, unnecessary rules, and illegitimate authority. An often-used psychiatric diagnosis for children and adolescents is oppositional defiant disorder (ODD); its symptoms include “often actively defies or refuses to comply with adult requests or rules” and “often argues with adults.”
Among young people diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), psychologist Russell Barkley, one of mainstream mental health's leading ADHD authorities, says that they have deficits in “rule-governed behavior,” as they are less responsive to rules of authorities and less sensitive to positive or negative consequences. A frequently used research tool that distinguishes alcohol/drug abuser personalities was developed by Craig MacAndrew (commonly called the MAC scale), and it reveals that the most significant “addictive personality type” have discipline problems at school, are less tolerant of boredom, are less compliant with authorities and some laws, and engage in more disapproved sexual practices.
I have encountered many people who had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, and other psychoses, and who are now politically conscious anarchists, including Sascha Altman DuBrul, author of Maps to the Other Side: The Adventures of a Bipolar Cartographer. DuBrul, several times diagnosed with bipolar disorder, has lived in rebel communities in Mexico, Central America, and Manhattan's Lower East Side, worked on community farms, participated in Earth First! road blockades, demonstrated on the streets in the Battle for Seattle, and he reports that many of his anti-authoritarian friends also have been diagnosed with mental illness.
Teenagers, as evidenced by their musical tastes, often have an affinity for anti-authoritarianism, but most do not act on their beliefs in a manner that would make them vulnerable to violent reprisals by authorities. However, I have found that many young people diagnosed with mental disorders — perhaps owing to some combination of integrity, fearlessness, and naïvety — have acted on their beliefs in ways that threaten authorities. Historically in American society, there is often a steep price paid by those who have this combination of integrity, fearlessness, and naïvity.
While DuBrul and his friends have political consciousness, my experience is that most rebellious young people diagnosed with mental disorders do not, and so they become excited to hear that there is actual political ideology that encompasses their point of view. They immediately become more whole after they discover that answering “yes” to the following questions does not mean that they suffer from a mental disorder but instead have a certain social philosophy:
Do you hate coercion and domination?
Do you love freedom?
Are you willing to risk punishments to gain freedom?
Do you instinctively distrust large, impersonal, and distant authorities?
Do you think people should organize themselves rather than submit to authorities?
Do you dislike being either an employer or an employee?
Do you smile after reading the Walt Whitman quote “Obey little, resist much”?
Young people who oppose inequality and exploitation, reject a capitalist economy, and aim for a society based on cooperative, mutually-owned enterprise are essentially left-anarchists — perhaps calling themselves “anarcho-syndicalists” or “anarcho-communitarians.” When they discover what Noam Chomsky, Peter Kropotkin, Kirkpatrick Sale, or Emma Goldman have to say, they may identify with them. These young people have a strong moral streak of egalitarianism and a desire for social and economic justice. Not only are they not mentally ill but, from my perspective, they are the hope of society.
There is another group of freedom-loving young people who hate the coercion of parents, schools, and the state but lack an egalitarian moral streak, and are very much into money and capitalism. Some of them may have been dragged into the mental health system after having been caught drug dealing, and are labeled with conduct disorder and/or a personality disorder. While these young people rebel against being controlled and exploited themselves, many of them are not averse to controlling and exploiting others and so are not anarchists: but some have spiritual transformations and become so.
An Underground Resistance for Oppressed Young Anarchists
There are at least two ways that mental health professionals can join the resistance: (1) speak out about the political role of mental health institutions in maintaining the status quo in society, (2) depathologize and repoliticize rebellion in one's clinical practice, which includes helping young anarchists navigate an authoritarian society without becoming self-destructive or destructive to others, and helping families build respectful, non-coercive relationships.
If a nonviolent anarcho-communitarian (politically conscious or otherwise) is dragged by parents into my office for failing to take school seriously but is otherwise pleasant and excited by learning, I tell parents that I do not believe that there is anything essentially “disordered” with their child. This sometimes gets me fired, but not all that often. It is my experience that most parents may think that believing a society can function without coercion is naive but they agree that it's not a mental illness, and they're open to suggestions that will create greater harmony and joy within their family.
I work hard with parents to have them understand that their attempt to coerce their child to take school seriously not only has failed — that's why they're in my office — but will likely continue to fail. And increasingly, the pain of their failed coercion will be compounded by the pain of their child's resentment, which will destroy their relationship with their child and create even more family pain. Many parents acknowledge that this resentment already exists. I ask liberal parents, for example, if they would try to coerce a homosexual child into being heterosexual or vice versa, and most say, “Of course not!” And so they begin to see that temperamentally anarchist children cannot be similarly coerced without great resentment.
It has been my experience that many rebellious young people labeled with psychiatric disorders and substance abuse don't reject all authorities, simply those they've assessed to be illegitimate ones, which just happens to be a great deal of society's authorities. Often, these young people are craving a relationship with mutual respect in which they can receive help navigating the authoritarian society around them.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control on May 17, 2013, in “Mental Health Surveillance Among Children — United States, 2005–2011,” reported: “A total of 13%–20% of children living in the United States experience a mental disorder in a given year, and surveillance during 1994–2011 has shown the prevalence of these conditions to be increasing.”
Is there an epidemic of childhood mental illness, or is there a curious revolt? My experience is that many young Americans—feeling helpless, hopeless, bored, scared, misunderstood, and uncared about—ultimately rebel; but given their wherewithal, their rebellion is often disorganized, futile, self-destructive, and appears to mental health professionals as a disorder or illness. Underlying many of psychiatry's diagnoses is the experience of helplessness, hopelessness, boredom, fear, isolation, and dehumanization. Does society, especially for young people, promote:
Respectful personal relationships — or manipulative impersonal ones?
Empowerment — or helplessness?
Autonomy (self-direction) — or heteronomy (institutional-direction)?
Participatory democracy — or authoritarian hierarchies?
Diversity and stimulation — or homogeneity and boredom?
Emotional and behavioral problems are often natural human reactions to a society that cares little about:
(1) autonomy—self-direction and the experience of potency
(2) community—strong bonds that provide for economic security and emotional satisfaction, and
(3) humanity—the variety of ways of being human, the variety of satisfactions, and the variety of negative reactions to feeling controlled rather than understood.
Young anarchists are especially sensitive to American society's absence of autonomy, community, and humanity — and this can result in overwhelming anxiety and depression.
While giant pharmaceutical corporations promote psychiatry's authority as a vehicle for increased drug sales, the whole of the corporate state supports psychiatry so as to maintain the status quo. In the old Soviet Union, political dissidents were diagnosed by psychiatrists as mentally ill, then hospitalized and drugged. Even more effective for those at the top of the hierarchy is what now occurs in the United States: diagnosing and treating anti-authoritarians before they have reached political consciousness and before they have created communities of resistance.
One reason that there is so little political activism in the United States is that a potentially huge army of anti-authoritarians are being depoliticized by mental illness diagnoses and by attributions that their inattention, anger, anxiety, and despair are caused by defective biochemistry, not by their alienation from a dehumanizing society. These diagnoses and attributions make them less likely to organize democratic movements to transform society.
In the early nineteenth century in the United States, a network of secret routes, conductors, and safe houses were utilized by African-Americans to escape from slavery. This network was commonly called “The Underground Railroad,” organized by runaway slaves, free African-American abolitionists, and white abolitionists. Today, communities of ex-psychiatric patients (see, for example, MindFreedom and the Icarus Project) are helping young anti-authoritarians resist their mental illness labeling and coercive treatments. There are also a handful of mental health professional dissident organizations that, while not promoting the social philosophy of anarchism, do oppose dehumanizing diagnoses and coercive treatments (for example, the International Society for Ethical Psychology and Psychiatry).
While there are career risks for modern day mental health professional dissidents, these are small risks compared with those taken by slavery abolitionists. So as a mental health professional, I find it quite embarrassing that there are so few professionals involved in the current resistance.
In American history, there have been several shameful periods where groups — including Native Americans, homosexuals, and assertive women — have been pathologized, dehumanized, and meted out oppressive treatments by mental health professionals in an attempt to alter their basic being. Today's psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers, and counselors would do well to recognize that historians do not look kindly on those professionals who participated in institutional dehumanization and oppression.
Last year, a video of two hackers remotely taking control of a Jeep went viral. Shortly after, researchers from University of California San Diego hacked a Corvette with a phone. No one was put in any danger — the hacks were both done in controlled environments — but it scared both car manufacturers and legislatures.
Now, because of that fear, Michigan lawmakers are proposing laws to keep vehicle hackers from doing something similar to an innocent driver. Two recently proposed bills in the state congress, 927 and 928, would set the punishment for car hackers to the cell-slamming tune of life in prison.
“Life” is an eye-catching limit to put on a prison term. Like giving a $1 million prize or offering free trips to the Bahamas, some things are set as statements solely to make people pay attention. Life in prison is one of those statements.
“We wanted to get something out there stating that we mean business out here in Michigan,” Senator Mike Kowall, a sponsor of the bill, tells Inverse. Michigan is preparing a law that would legalize fully autonomous vehicles on the road, and “there needs to be discussion on this level so that everybody knows the seriousness of disengaging a fully autonomous vehicle when it's going down the highway at high rates of speed.”
The American auto market depends on Michigan in the kind of way retirees depend on Florida. Ford, Fiat Chrysler, GM, Toyota, and other major car companies center operations in Michigan. Autonomous cars are in the not-so-distant future; [GM and Lyft]((https://www.inverse.com/article/15264-lyft-gm-will-put-self-driving-cars-on-the-road-by-2017) claim they will have consumer autonomous cars on the road by 2017 — as in next year. Since many of the major companies depend on Michigan as a testing ground, car legislation that happens in Michigan affects the entire market.
Kowall tells Inverse that, if someone has permission to work on a vehicle or do research and development, that's not hacking. Though, non-malicious hacking could become legally murky, even as companies have become more reliant on white hat hackers to find flaws in new products. Flaws found this way are typically detected and shored up faster than if the company had to find each flaw on its own.
Legislators are usually playing catch up to technology, and even though the lawmakers in Michigan are trying to get out in front of autonomous vehicle technology, it might hamper development. Sections 927 and 928 are just small parts of the entire autonomy bill, but they are are small parts with an outsized impact on the market.
“The main emphasis on the bill is to open Michigan up to fully autonomous vehicles,” Kowall says. “We've worked with the manufacturers, we've worked with upfitters, we've worked with R&D people, and we have yet to have anybody really complain about it.”
Car hacking vs. computer hacking
Michigan already has hacking laws in the books. Accessing a computer program, computer, computer system, or computer network to “devise or execute a scheme or artifice” can, at its worst, result in 20 years in prison.
But if this bill goes through as is, hacking a car's computer will be treated differently from computer hacking. Computer hacking can lead to stolen property and stolen identities, but car hacking affects a physical space and puts people in physical danger. That, Kowall states, is why it carries a statement punishment.
Statement laws, however, are rarely positive. Think Texas and abortion, or Alabama and same-sex marriages.
The Fiat Chrysler plant in Michigan
Google's Chris Urmson asked Congress to take a “hands off” approach to autonomous legislation back in March. Heavy legislative involvement would stifle innovation and drive industry leaders abroad. But a safety argument must be made, as well. Hacking into, and then remotely controlling, an autonomous car could have deadly consequences. A car can be a deadly weapon.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Yet allowing white hat hackers into the technology could be the only surefire way to keep black hat hackers out of the system.
Either way, whether the bills pass or not, lawmakers in Michigan have already achieved one thing. They've made a statement.
Hundreds of ethnic Yemeni business owners who operate New York City corner bodegas and neighborhood delis closed shop Thursday in protest of President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries.
The shops were locked at noon and were to remain shuttered until 8 p.m., according to organizers of a late afternoon rally in downtown Brooklyn. At least 1,000 Yemeni-run small businesses are a part of many New Yorkers' daily lives, said Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams, who planned to attend the rally.
Haron Zokari closed his Manhattan deli at noon, as well. He said his wife and baby are stuck in Yemen after almost completing a four-year, green-card process.
"We are trying to stay strong," he said. "There's people there who are refugees and who are starving and running for their lives, so thank God we don't have it as bad as they do."
JUDGE ORDERS HALT TO TRUMP'S BAN FOR IMMIGRANT HOLDERS
Trump's executive order barred people from Yemen, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Syria from entering the U.S. for 90 days. Under the order, travelers have been detained, sent back from the United States or stranded in other countries.
Zaid Nagi, who owns three delis in the Bronx, said the ban disrupted plans to bring his mother to the United States, where he has lived for more than 20 years. The 36-year-old married father of four said the point of the protest was to say, "We are part of this community. We are not who this order is trying to say we are."
He said most of his customers had expressed solidarity with the shutdown.
"They know who we are. They know we are human beings just like them," he said. "I believe in the good people of America."
BAFTA Young Game Designers gets first female winner Rhianna Hawkins wins for Game Concept, Adam Oliver for Game Making
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Monday 14th July 2014 Share this article Share
The BAFTA Young Game Designers competition has its first female winner: 16 year-old Rhianna Hawkins, who picked up the Game Concept Award for her concept for Tomatos Role.
The other big winner was 15 year-old Adam Oliver, who went home with the Game Making Award for AlienX after reaching the final stages of the competition for the third time. Oliver made the final ten for the Game Concept Award in 2010 and 2011.
"Rhianna and Adam are two very exciting new young game designers," said Harvey Elliott, chair of the BAFTA Games Committee. "Rhianna, our first ever female winner, bodes well for the future of our male-dominated industry, and Adam, who has received a top award at the third attempt, demonstrates the power of perseverance.
"It's wonderful to be able to celebrate their achievements alongside all the other finalists at this special awards ceremony."
This is the fourth annual BAFTA Young Game Designers competition, which is open to boys and girls aged between 11 and 16.
For more information, follow the link.
0 comments / Posted on Feb 16, 2017 by David Ackerman
Riders in California are really spoiled for choice.
I mean, the Golden State has something for everybody. Dense, foggy forests. Misty mountains. Endless, winding coastal roads. Barren deserts. Some of the most dense, sprawling cities in the country.
And of course...Bigfoot.
No matter where you are, there's a ride waiting for you. So next time you're ready to saddle up, hit one of our top 10 motorcycle rides in California
Now we admit we are a little bit biased, but in our humble opinion we reccomend snagging a pair of kevlar jeans at the very least to add to the helmet you should be wearing already for protection.
Have fun and stay safe.
Northern California
1. Emigrant Trail Scenic Byway
Lakeview, Oregon—Tulelake
140 Miles
Forget what you knew about California. This ride is all about unspoiled forests, meadows, volcanic lava flows, lakes and mountain peaks.
Once you hit Route 299, either head east to take a break in Cedarville, or continue west through the Modoc Forest. Either way, the ride ends in Tulelake, from where several other awesome routes are available.
2. Redwood Highway
Oregon border, US Route 199—Crescent City—Leggett
213 Miles
This one is a monster, and takes you all the way from the Oregon border down to Leggett. But it's a monster for another reason, too—all the towering Redwoods on your way down the coast.
Follow Route 199 from Oregon to Route 101 into Crescent City as it winds through Jedidiah Smith Redwood State Park. From there, follow Route 101 south all the way until Leggett.
Along the way, take in the massive trees, ocean views, beaches, and some of the most pristine landscapes this side of the Rockies.
3. Feather River Scenic Byway (CA-70)
Wicks Corner—Paxton
60 Miles
The Feather River Scenic Byway meanders along the Feather River Canyon, taking the middle fork of the river for most of the trip.
Whether you like natural spectacles or the man-made variety, the byway doesn't disappoint with a collection of waterfalls, the backdrop of the Sierra Nevadas, expansive rail bridges and 7 massive hydroelectric dams.
Central California
4. Big Sur Coast (CA-1)
Monterey—San Luis Obispo
130 Miles
Hope you're not tired of the ocean, because we're just getting started.
This ride heads south out of Monterey on Route 1, and stays on the same road until we finish in San Luis Obispo.
Along the way, drink in the rugged California coast—fog-smothered cliffs, lonely beaches, and the endless ocean. And if you're lucky (or here between November and February), you might just happen across a beach full of elephant seals.
5. Sierra Heritage Scenic Byway (CA-168)
Fresno—Lakeshore
70 Miles
Leave Fresno and enter the Sierra National Forest—get ready for more mountains and canyons than you can handle, and then a few more for good measure.
The byway is littered with alpine lakes along the way, offering a few places to stop and relax if you get tired of riding. Of course, that's what we're here for—so keep on pushing until you hit the Kaiser Wilderness area of Sierra Canyon, and leave the city behind for good.
6. Central Valley
Junction of I-5 and I-580 to Junction of I-5 and CA-33
55 Miles
Big, wide open views of the San Joaquin Valley and Coast Range.
Much of the ride runs parallel to the California Aqueduct and the Delta-Mendota Canal, both responsible for irrigating the nearly parched Central Valley.
Without those canals over there, this whole area would look more like a desert. Another marvel of engineering.
Southern California
7. Death Valley Scenic Byway
CA-190, West of Panamint Springs—Death Valley Junction
90 Miles
Death Valley, as in the hottest place in the country.
I don't really know what else to say about Death Valley. The byway is gorgeous in a sort of face-melting, back-scorching kind of way. At one point, you'll wonder if it's all worth it. Should you keep going, or turn back for civilization?
The answer? Yes.
8. Route 74
Junction of I-215 and CA-74—Palm Desert
68 Miles
More desert, but slightly more forgiving than Death Valley.
Odds are good the weather will be awesome year round, considering Route 74 only gets about 16 days of rain per year.
And don't worry, the endless desert isn't so endless—look for frequent oases and snow-capped peaks in the background as you ride along beneath the crystal clear sky.
9. Riverside Freeway (CA-91)
Junction of I-215 and I-10—Junction of CA-91 and CA-55
38 Miles
This being SoCal and all, we couldn't stay away from the city forever.
Follow the Santa Ana River through booming developments, mercifully broken up by patches of green vegetation as the highway threads the needle between two state parks halfway between Anaheim and San Bernardino.
If you're gonna do the city, at least do the city in style.
10. Angeles Crest Scenic Byway (CA-2)
Junction of I-210 and CA-2—Wrightwood
55 Miles
Stuck in LA, getting an itch for the fresh country air? Well, you're actually not SOL.
Angeles Crest is a short drive from Los Angeles, and offers fantastic views from the San Gabriel Mountains of the Mojave Desert and both the Pomona and San Gabriel valleys.
If the planets align and you get a once-in-a-lifetime clear day in Los Angeles, be sure to stop by the Mt. Wilson Observatory and check out what Tinseltown looks like from above.
California the Great
California sometimes seems like its own country, and these rides prove it. No other state offers the same incredible variety of scenery that California does—from the Sierra Nevadas in the east to the Redwoods in the north to the Bay Area to the southern deserts.
That said, we couldn't possibly hope to touch on everything CA has to offer dedicated riders.
If you know any awesome routes we missed, let us know!
Until then, see you on the road.
In this image taken in 1944, one of Langley Research Center's Sikorsky YR-4B/HNS-1 helicopters is seen in the 30 × 60 full-scale tunnel.
The Sikorsky R-4 is a two-seat helicopter designed by Igor Sikorsky with a single, three-bladed main rotor and powered by a radial engine. The R-4 was the world's first large-scale mass-produced helicopter and the first helicopter used by the United States Army Air Forces,[1] the United States Navy, the United States Coast Guard and the United Kingdom's Royal Air Force and Royal Navy. In U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard service, the helicopter was known as the Sikorsky HNS-1. In British service, it was known as the Hoverfly.
Development [ edit ]
The VS-316 was developed from the famous experimental VS-300 helicopter, invented by Igor Sikorsky and publicly demonstrated in 1940. The VS-316 was designated the XR-4, under the United States Army Air Forces' series for "Rotorcraft". The XR-4 first flew on 14 January 1942[2][3] and was accepted by the Army on 30 May 1942.[citation needed] The XR-4 exceeded all[citation needed] the previous helicopter endurance,[citation needed] altitude,[citation needed] and airspeed[citation needed] records that had been set before it.[citation needed] The XR-4 completed a 761 mi (1,225 km)[clarification needed] cross-country flight from Bridgeport, Connecticut, to Wright Field, Ohio, set a helicopter peak altitude record of 12,000 ft (3,700 m), while achieving 100 flight hours without a major incident and top airspeed approaching 90 mph (78 kn; 145 km/h)[4]
The British Admiralty, having learned of the VS-300, made a ship available, Empire Mersey, fitted with an 80 ft × 40 ft (24 m × 12 m) landing platform, intended to show the USN their work with ship-borne autogyros.[5] After her loss in 1942 to a U-boat, she was replaced by SS Daghestan.[6] The first deck-landing trials aboard Daghestan were carried out in 1944.[5] The British received two of the first eight helicopters built.[citation needed]
On 5 January 1943, the United States Army Air Forces ordered 29 prototypes.[4] The first three were designated YR-4A and used for evaluation testing. The YR-4A benefited from a 180 hp (130 kW) Warner R-550-1 engine, compared to the 165 hp (123 kW) R-500-3 in the prototype, and a rotor diameter increased by 1 ft (30 cm). Evaluation of the YR-4A demonstrated a need for further improvements, including moving the tailwheel further aft on the tailboom, venting the exhaust to the side instead of downward, and increasing the fuel capacity by 5 US gal (4.2 imp gal; 19 l). These and other design changes led to the designation of later prototypes as YR-4B, which were used for service testing and flight training.
United Aircraft announced on 5 November 1944 that the one hundredth helicopter had been completed, and that the production rate had reached five every six days.[7]
Operational history [ edit ]
Following the sinking in January 1944 of USS Turner, a Sikorsky R-4 flew life saving blood plasma for the casualties from New York. On 22–23 April 1944, U.S. Army Lieutenant Carter Harman of the 1st Air Commando Group conducted the first combat rescue by helicopter using a YR-4B in the China-Burma-India theater.[8] Despite the high altitude, humidity, and capacity for only a single passenger, Harman rescued a downed liaison aircraft pilot and his three British soldier passengers, two at a time.[9] On 22–23 January 1945, another rescue by the R-4 involved several legs for refueling and navigating through passes between mountains nearly 10,000 feet (3,000 m) tall, to reach a weather station located at an elevation of 4,700 feet (1,400 m). The higher-than-normal altitude required a downhill run of 20 ft (6.1 m) to get airborne.[10]
Royal Air Force Hoverfly I in use by Fairey Aviation in late 1945
While the R-4 was being used for rescues in Burma and China, it was also being used to ferry parts between floating Aviation Repair Units in the South Pacific. On 23 May 1944, six ships set sail with two R-4s on board each vessel. The ships had been configured as floating repair depots for damaged Army Air Forces aircraft in the South Pacific. When the helicopters were not being used to fly the parts from one location to another, they were enlisted for medical evacuation and other mercy missions.[11]
In Royal Air Force service, the R-4 was called the Hoverfly.[12] The Helicopter Training School, formed January 1945 at RAF Andover, was the first British military unit to be equipped with the helicopter. Many RAF Hoverfly Mark Is were transferred to the Royal Navy for training and one was used in 1945/46 by Fairey Aviation to develop rotor systems for their Gyrodyne helicopter.
Variants [ edit ]
Some R-4s had the tailwheel located at the extreme aft end of the boom near the tail rotor while others had it positioned at the midpoint of the boom. Additionally, some had short "stub" exhaust pipes from the engine while others had a much longer one which extended vertically and then aft above the main landing gear struts.[citation needed]
XR-4 One prototype Model VS-316A with a crew of two and dual controls, 165 hp R-500-3 engine, became XR-4C YR-4A Version with larger rotor diameter and a 180 hp R-550-1 engine; three built.
YR-4B at Langley
YR-4B Version with detailed changes; 27 built for development testing followed by a further batch of 14, seven to US Navy as HNS-1s. R-4B Production version with 200 hp R-550-3 engine; 100 built including 20 for the US Navy and 45 for the Royal Air Force. XR-4C Prototype XR-4 re-engined with 180 hp R-550-1 engine with the larger YR-4A-type rotor. HNS-1 Three YR-4Bs and 22 R-4Bs transferred to the US Navy; three diverted to the United States Coast Guard.[13] Hoverfly I UK military designation of the R-4 for the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy; 52 delivered and one later transferred to the Royal Canadian Air Force. Sikorsky S-54 An R-4B modified with an observer's seat aft of the main rotor gearbox for trials.
Operators [ edit ]
Aircraft on display [ edit ]
United Kingdom
Hoverfly Mk.1, KL110 (painted as KK995) at the Royal Air Force Museum London. Supplied under lend-lease, it arrived in Britain in February 1945. It flew with the RAF, later the Royal Navy, until 1951. It was used by the College of Aeronautics, Cranfield until it was presented to the RAF museum in 1966.[22]
R-4B Hoverfly, US Army Aviation Museum
United States
Specifications (R-4B) [ edit ]
Data from[citation needed]
General characteristics
Crew: one
one Capacity: one
one Length: 33 ft 8 in (10.2 m)
33 ft 8 in (10.2 m) Rotor diameter: 38 ft (11.5 m)
38 ft (11.5 m) Height: 12 ft 5 in (3.8 m)
12 ft 5 in (3.8 m) Empty weight: 2,098 lb (952 kg)
2,098 lb (952 kg) Loaded weight: 2,581 lb (1,170 kg)
2,581 lb (1,170 kg) Powerplant: 1 × Warner R-550 piston, 200 hp (149 kW)
Performance
See also [ edit ]
Related development
Aircraft of comparable role, configuration and era
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
AMSTERDAM
"I thought it was right here."
Mireille has that I'm-worried-but-I'm-not-going-to- panic-yet look on her face. It's 5:40 p.m., the top of the afternoon rush hour, and she's been searching for only two minutes.
She's lost her bicycle in the Amsterdam Central train station's high-rise bike lot, where 2,500 two-wheelers are crammed pedal-to-pedal, handlebar-to-handlebar on five soaring levels.
Mireille, with a purse the color of scrambled eggs thumping against her salmon faux-leather jacket, is pacing the row where she's certain she left her bike. The row looks like an impenetrable web of spokes and bars and wheels. She starts to offer her full name, but thinks better of it. She's embarrassed. She's 39 and works for the city.
She confesses that she was in a hurry this morning and double-parked, jamming her bike into the narrow space between two legally parked cycles. She was unable to wrap her lock around the bike stand. At Amsterdam Central, that's an invitation to the owner of one of the other bikes to rip out yours and stash it in another illegal space 30 bikes away, just to teach you a lesson.
"It's here somewhere. . . . It's a gray bike," Mireille offers hopefully, adding, "with a black thing."
A black thing? The flat metal seat over the back wheel.
The Netherlands, a country as flat as a pool table, has more bicycles than people: an estimated 20 million bikes, and just over 16 million humans. There are three times as many bicycles as cars. Virtually every road has a bicycle lane. Virtually no one wears a helmet.
The bike garage at Amsterdam Central, which won an architectural award for its winding levels of bicycle stands that jut over a wide canal, is one of the country's busiest.
Mary Frances Cullen -- Irish, 63, with dyed auburn hair and quick green eyes -- sees the lost-bike frenzy dozens of times a day. Unlike automobile drivers, cyclists don't have keys with panic buttons. At Amsterdam Central, they have Cullen and her crew of bike attendants.
Cullen, who wears a neon lime green vest, works out of a lemon yellow box on the first floor to help bicyclists in distress. Before this job, she spent eight years causing bikers distress: She was on the city squad that rounded up illegally parked bikes from bridges, lampposts and sidewalks and hauled them to the bicycle pound outside town.
My colleague Joe Darcy has recently posted the Early Draft Review for JSR 334, Project Coin. (Joe is the spec lead for this JSR.) Let's see what the EDR has to say about the diamond operator. First, there are some changes to the grammar that allow an empty type argument list. Not too surprising. Then, it continues:
Let K be the class type being instantiated. To create an instance of K, i, a constructor of C is chosen at compile-time by the following rules, where C is chosen as follows: If the type denoted by K has an empty type argument list (diamond operator) and K is a classtype of the kind G<X1, X2… Xn>, then C is a type constructed from K, where all constructors c1(), c2() … cn() are obtained from corresponding constructors in G by prepending additional type-arguments T1, T2 … Tn, where the declared bounds of T1, T2 … Tn are obtained from the declared bounds of X1, X2 … Xn, where all occurrences of X1, X2… Xn are replaced by T1, T2 … Tn. Furthermore, all occurrences of types X1, X2 … Xn in the obtained constructor signatures are replaced by T1, T2 … Tn.
otherwise C == K
Uhhm, I'm not entirely sure, but I think this means that the compiler just does the right thing. 🙂
I should mention that, just above this, the draft states:
Note to readers: the description of diamond semantics below will be reworked in future drafts of the specification.
Whew! I know that sometimes specifications are opaque — and I've written some pretty opaque specifications in my day — but this one really takes the cake. Fortunately, this is only a draft, so this can get fixed before the final version of the specification.
But what does this mean, really? Instead of trying to explain the draft specification, I'll instead pursue a more intuitive approach. Basically, here is what happens, as I understand things. When you use the diamond operator, the compiler will infer from context a set of type arguments that make the expression work. This is a only little less abstract, so let's look at some examples.
List<Number> list = new ArrayList<>();
What type argument does the compiler infer for the ArrayList? The only argument that will work is Number, so that's what will get used. No other type will work in the diamond, not even a subclass of Number, such as Integer, since the resulting type ArrayList<Integer> would have no type relationship with List<Number>. (For further explanation, see Angelika Langer's Generics FAQ #102, or Josh Bloch's Effective Java, Second Edition, Item 25.)
In this case the context is pretty clear. In what other contexts can one use the diamond operator?
As I mentioned in my previous post, what I've done is to run a Jackpot-based diamond converter over a bunch of source files in the JDK. This applies the diamond operator everywhere it can possibly be used. It identified several hundred potential use sites for diamond. These cases broke down as follows:
field or local variable initializer (61%) right-hand side of assignment statement (33%) method argument (4%) return statement (2%)
There were also a tiny number of obscure edge cases that I'll ignore for now. Let's look at each of the four major cases in turn.
1. Field or Local Variable Initializer
This case is by far the most common. This is what's shown in my one-line example above. It's also probably the most common usage cited in toy examples given in talks or articles about Coin and the diamond operator. At least, in Joe's talks at JavaOne and Devoxx last year, the one-liner examples he showed were all field or local variable initializers. Here's an example of an actual change I pushed recently, to src/share/classes/java/lang/reflect/Proxy.java. The original code was:
private static Map<ClassLoader, Map<List<String>, Object>> loaderToCache = new WeakHashMap<ClassLoader, Map<List<String>, Object>>();
and the replacement code is:
private static Map<ClassLoader, Map<List<String>, Object>> loaderToCache = new WeakHashMap<>();
Now even though this is a pretty complex generic type, figuring out what gets inferred inside the diamond is pretty easy. It's right there in the declaration on the left-hand side. Having the type arguments repeated on the right-hand side is noisy and redundant.
2. Right-hand Side of Assignment Statement
Consider the following statement:
perms = new ArrayList<>();
What does this do? Well, you have to look for the declaration of the “perms” variable in order to figure it out, but that's not too hard. In decent code it should be obvious anyway. In this case (src/share/classes/java/io/FilePermission.java) the declaration is
List<Permission> perms;
so this case is also pretty straightforward. It's true that you can't tell from the assignment statement by itself what the instantiated type will be. But in order to use the perms variable, you have to know what type it is anyway (or you have to ask your IDE) so this isn't too much of a burden.
3. Method Argument
Here's an example from src/share/classes/com/sun/java/util/jar/pack/BandStructure.java, around line 1700:
List<List<Attribute.Layout>> attrDefs = ...; ... attrDefs.set(i, new ArrayList<>(...));
What gets filled into the diamond here? This is where it gets a bit tricky. Looking at the snippets above, it's pretty obvious that the type argument has to be Attribute.Layout. And indeed it is. But the compiler has to go through a couple different steps to get here.
The “set” method of attrDefs takes parameters (int, E). The attrDefs variable is declared List<E> where E is List<Attribute.Layout>. ArrayList<> needs to match List<Attribute.Layout>; therefore, what goes in the diamond is Attribute.Layout.
This isn't exactly the analysis the compiler goes through, but you can see this case has many more moving parts than the others. This is actually a pretty simple case of a method argument as well: we didn't have to do method overload resolution. If the set() method had been overloaded, the compiler would use the types of the arguments to figure out which method to use. But with diamond we're trying to infer the argument type based on the type the method accepts… from what I understand this isn't actually a circularity, but it greatly complicates the compiler's analysis.
4. Return Statement
Here's an example from src/share/classes/java/lang/ClassLoader.java:
public Enumeration<URL> getResources(String name) throws IOException { ... return new CompoundEnumeration<>(tmp); }
This isn't too different from the assignment statement. The type required is determined based on the return type of the method, and in this case it's URL.
Summary
The four cases described here account for virtually all of the cases where the diamond operator can be applied in real code. Of these four cases, one case — the initializer case — is the most common in real code and also the most common in toy examples and in slideware. This is a good validation of the designs that have been presented over the past couple years. How many times have we seen toy examples used to justify features that turn to be hardly useful in practice?
The two most common cases (initializers and assignment statements) comprise over 90% of actual uses found of the diamond operator. Furthermore, their type inference is straightforward and they're fairly easy for programmers to understand. Other cases may involve much more complex type inference, and are potentially harder to understand (hm, maybe there's a correlation there), but they also occur much less frequently.
Advertisements
Major League Soccer Pre-Season
Sporting Kansas City vs. Portland Timbers
Friday, February 1, 2013
Kino Sports Complex (Tucson, Ariz.)
61 degrees and clear
Score 1 2 F Sporting KC 0 1 1 Portland Timbers 0 0 0
Lineups:
POR – First Half – GK Donovan Ricketts; D Ryan Miller, D Andrew Jean-Baptiste, D Mikael Silvestre*, D Michael Harrington, M Diego Chara, M Will Johnson, M Sal Zizzo, M Diego Valeri, M Darlington Nagbe, F Ryan Johnson
POR – Second Half – GK Milos Kocic, D Ryan Kawulok, D Futty Danso, D Hanyer Mosquera, D Chris Taylor, M Eric Alexander, M Kalif Alhassan, M Danny Mwanga, F Michael Nanchoff*, F Jose Valencia, F Bright Dike
SKC: GK Jimmy Nielsen (Eric Kronberg 46), D Seth Sinovic (Josh Gardner 60), D Ike Opara (Lawrence Olum 46), D Aurelien Collin (Yann Songo'o 60), D Chance Myers (Kevin Ellis 30), M Oriol Rosell (Michael Thomas 60), M Christian Duke (Peterson Joseph 46)(Brian Fekete 90), M Paulo Nagamura (Mikey Lopez 60), F Bobby Convey (Kyle Miller 60), F Claudio Bieler (Soony Saad 30)(Jerome Mechack 60), F C.J. Sapong (Mike Reidy** 60)
* Trialist/guest player
**Supplemental Draft pick
Stats POR SKC Shots 11 6 Saves 3 4 Fouls 12 18 Corners 1 1 Offsides 4 0
Scoring Summary:
SKC -- Jerome Mechack 64
Disciplinary Summary
POR: Chara (Caution), 14
SKC: Opara (Caution), 36
SKC: Olum (Caution), 74
POR: Kawulok (Caution), 85
SKC: Joseph (Caution), 88
SKC: Joseph (Ejection), 90+
Sporting Kansas City concluded their preseason trip in Arizona on Friday night with a 1-0 victory over the Portland Timbers at the Kino Sports Complex.
Guest trialist Jerome Mechack scored the lone goal of the match to improve Sporting KC's record to 1-0-2 in the preseason. Sporting KC had a 1-1 result against FC Tucson on Tuesday and scoreless draw against the New England Revolution last Friday. The match was the first appearance for new designated player Claudio Bieler, who started and played 30 minutes.
After a slow start, the match opened up with Portland's Ryan Johnson having the first good chance. Johnson dribbled into the box and attempted a shot on goal but defender Aurelien Collin recovered in time to earn a goal kick.
Sporting KC responded a few minutes later by catching Portland on a counterattack. Chance Myers had plenty of space to dribble towards the 18-yard box and sent a dangerous shot just over the crossbar. Myers was replaced a few minutes later by Kevin Ellis due to an injury. It was a precautionery move and the injury is not expected to be serious.
Both teams made several substitutions at halftime including Portland bringing in eleven new players.
The match was temporarily delayed around the 60th minute as Sporting KC's Soony Saad went down with a bruised tailbone.
After the delay, Sporting KC took a 1-0 lead on Mechack's 63rd-minute goal. Mechack scored on a long free kick with a low bouncing shot that beat the goalkeeper to the far post. The defender has played for Sporting KC's affiliate, Orlando City SC, the last two seasons.
Moments later, the match was nearly tied by Portland's Bright Dike. The forward sent a shot that was deflected by goalkeeper Eric Kronberg and headed towards goal but Sporting KC defender Lawrence Olum cleared it off the line. Kronberg was shaken up on the play but remained in the match.
Hanyer Mosquera provided the Timbers' best chances to equalize in the final minutes. The defender sent a header from a free kick just wide of an open net and threatened with a curling shot in stoppage time.
Sporting Kansas City will continue their preseason with a trip to Orlando to compete in the Disney Pro Soccer Classic. All of those matches will be streamed live online at SportingKC.com/live
Share. 42,000 of you made your voices heard. 42,000 of you made your voices heard.
As the dust settles on Gamescom for another year, it's fair to say 2014 saw the European show return bigger and bolder than ever before. As always, we were there in force, and we hope you've enjoyed our coverage so far. Rest assured there's more to come this week but first, it's time to announce what game you guys picked as your top game of show.
A heap of titles fought it out and, the end result was close. Very close, in fact. 42,000 of you made your voices heard, with the winner snatching victory following an incredibly strong showing this year, as anticipation for its imminent release reached fever pitch.
So, without further ado, the winner of the Gamescom 2014 IGN People's Choice Award is... Destiny! 22.3 percent of you decided Bungie's upcoming shooter was the one that should walk away with the title, so we think it's fair to say it was well-deserved!
So congrats to Destiny and keep your eyes on IGN for more from Gamescom all this week.
Exit Theatre Mode
Luke Karmali is IGN UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
Macy Rodman, Photographed by Fred Attenborough
From pop culture to politics, an increasing number of trans people are breaking into the mainstream. Macy Rodman is a young transgender woman and a recording artist whose music speaks to queer coming of age experiences. Her work playfully confronts heavy issues around identity, mental health, and American culture. Rodman's own self-realization occurred in a career in New York nightlife, finding community within the city's music, drag, and trans subcultures. Her latest single, Lazy Girl, is a trans anthem to millennial lethargy amidst the comforts and confines of capitalism.
The song is part of Rodman's collaboration with producer JX Cannon, together they'll release an EP this winter called HELP. Lazy Girl features Rodman at home, work-shy in a variety of comfort costumes. She wakes up exhausted, "Stressin' out when I start the day, gotta pop a fuckin xani just to make some eggs." Her nasal, 'over-it' drawl narrating a universally understood desire to stay in bed forever, get high, and have sex. "I'm a lazy whore so baby you can come and fuck me but you gotta shut the door." If she's going anywhere, it's straight to the mall.
Rodman enlisted other trans artists for the video to Lazy Girl, amplifying the song's vibe as a trans anthem, portraying the messy, fun, and challenging trials that face young trans artists. I caught up with Rodman to discuss her music and transitioning in your twenties in 2015. This interview has been edited and condensed.
Macy Rodman, Photographed by Zak Krevitt
Broadly: What is being a Lazy Girl about, really?
Macy Rodman: Lazy Girl's core message is about not wanting to face the outside world, which is something a lot of people can relate to. When I wrote it, I was trying to describe this very specific kind of depression that sets in when you're a trans woman starting hormones, but the song really battles the bleak theme with humor and danceable beats.
That idea of being so spent emotionally, physically, spiritually that you can't get out of bed, or need to "pop a fuckin' xani just to make some eggs," feels universal. How does that need for quiet isolation relate to being young (and queer) today?
That agoraphobic response to leaving your house is something a lot of people can relate to in our current state of technology. Leaving the house means not being fully available to watch Netflix, listen to Spotify, order Seamless, shop Amazon, etc. for however long you're gone, and we get so used to all those comforts that it's super stressful not to have them in one place. For a queer person, and especially a trans person, the internet is really comforting because you have infinite choices when it comes to the image you can present to the world. When you leave the house, however, those choices become limited, and the people you run into are out of your control, and that's a different kind of stress that can often be dangerous. It takes a lot of effort to get ready to go out even on the simplest errand if you don't want to be harassed or misgendered by passersby, and on top of that, getting used to a regimen of hormones can really drain your energy. Everything combined can make you want to just lay down and take a nap rather than put in the effort, which I think is a valid emotional state that I had to address if I was gonna get past it.
The music video for Lazy Girl features several other queer/transgender people, who are they and why did you include this group of individuals in the video?
The people in the video are a mix of people I knew already and people I didn't know but wanted to meet because of their personal work (GoGo Graham's all trans fashion label or Serena Jara's photographs for example). I wanted the video to feel like a trans version of Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood" but in a less gimmicky way (no shade, Taylor). Trans people tend not to be included in pop imagery unless it's a montage of "outcasts" like in Christina Aguilera's "Beautiful" video. In my video, everybody's doing kind of silly, banal stuff, but we're the stars of the video. I wanted to show trans girls as part of the action, not just a window into a sob story.
Note: Lazy Girl stars Charlene (performance artist), GoGo Graham (fashion designer), Serena Jara (Photographer), Guang (Photographer), Leah James (writer/artist), Raul De Nieves (performance artist), Third Fernandez (fashion designer), Lao (fashion designer), Beni Hajj, Jake Dibeler (performance artist), and JX Cannon (Producer).
Photographed by Zak Krevitt
Pop music appeals to groups. Music idols can inspire a generation of youth, did you have a role model or an icon in music growing up?
I have always been obsessed with pop music. The music I make sounds like Gwen Stefani if she was a depressed trans woman. My favorite artists growing up were the girls who had great beats and innovative production like Britney, Mariah, Destiny's Child, Janet Jackson, etc. My favorite was always Gwen Stefani though. No Doubt was so cool and she was so pretty but so outrageous looking, and that seemed unattainable but I wanted to be her friend hahaha. Looking back I can see that the influence her music has on my own work is definitely the solo stuff she did with Pharrell. I was obsessed with The Neptunes before I even knew I was obsessed with The Neptunes through the songs they were producing for other artists, and when Love.Angel.Music.Baby. came out, it really blew me away. It had this irreverent mix of sounds and melodies from so many different styles with really sharp production, and it effected how I listened to music after that.
Is Lazy Girl is an anthem for transgender girls?
I hope so! And if not an anthem then just a silly little moment of solidarity between me and the listener. I think humor can be really useful in finding common ground with somebody, so even if people find the song funny and relate to each other that way, then that's a cool thing..
What's your favorite song?
My favorite song changes a lot but my all-time steadfast is "Love Will Never Do Without You" by Janet Jackson. It's so industrial and sweet at the same time and her voice is fucking perfect, it just always moves me.
Creepy Joe Biden teamed up with pop singer Lady Gaga on Wednesday to produce a PSA against sexual assault.
“We want to make it real clear, it's on us – it's on everyone – to intervene, to stop abuse when they see it and when they hear about it, and to intervene,” Biden says in a short video shared by Lady Gaga on Twitter.
“No man has a right to raise a hand to a woman for any reason other than self-defense, ever. Period,” he says.
https://twitter.com/ladygaga/status/923268957712408576
“I am a sexual assault survivor, and I know the effects, the aftermath, the trauma – psychological, physical, mental,” Gaga says. “It can be terrifying waking up every day feeling unsafe in your own body.”
“But we're here to remind you that it's important to reach out to someone in your life that you can trust, and to know that they will be there to help you; there will be someone to listen. Because you know what? It's on us.”
Could they have picked a worse spokesman?
Perhaps Mrs. Gaga will team up with Harvey Weinstein and James Toback for her next PSA.
Marguerite Reardon/CNET News
Three-dimensional TV is coming to a living room near you. But will the technology spur a consumer spending spree like digital and high-definition TV did before it? Or will 3D end up being the next big flop?
One thing is clear, TV manufacturers need something new to get people buying TVs. Over the last couple of years, TV manufacturers have experienced a sales boom as consumers upgrade to digital TVs in anticipation of the government's mandated switch to digital TV broadcasts in February 2009. Eager shoppers have also been upgrading to high-definition TVs as movie studios, cable and satellite operators, and TV broadcasters have begun offering more programming in HD.
But as the economy worsens, the forecast for the TV market is looking grim. The LCD TV market is only expected to grow about 17 percent in terms of units shipped in 2009, according to research firm DisplaySearch. This is down from growth of about 29 percent in 2008. Plasma TV growth is also expected to suffer with the market only expected to grow by about 5 percent in 2009 compared with a 24 percent rise in 2008, DisplaySearch said.
As a result, TV makers are looking for the next hot thing to attract new consumers. And some are hoping 3D TVs could be it.
At this year's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, four of the top selling TV manufacturers--Samsung Electronics, Sony, LG Electronics and Panasonic--showed off their latest versions of 3D TVs. Panasonic set up a mini-home theater where its 103-inch, plasma 3D screen showed clips from New Line Cinema's Journey to the Center of the Earth and Walt Disney Pictures' animated film Bolt. They also showed high-definition 3D footage from NBC's broadcast of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
While some manufacturers, such as Mitsubishi, Phillips, Samsung, and Sharp, have already begun selling 3D-ready TVs, the top four manufacturers plan to have new, advanced 3D TVs on sale toward the end of 2009 and into 2010.
But the big question is whether consumers, particularly American consumers, will be willing to upgrade to a new TV just because it has 3D. Pricing for today's 3D ready TVs is comparable to other flat-screen HDTVs. Samsung and Mitsubishi currently sell their 3D-ready TVs for between $1,000 and $2,800, depending on functionality. These prices are in line with average prices for HDTVs that don't offer 3D readiness.
Keisuke Suetsugi, a manager for the audio visual center at Panasonic, believes that even the newer, more advanced 3D TVs will not cost much more than TVs without 3D. So for consumers already in the market for a TV, adding 3D readiness might not add much cost. But will 3D be enough to compel cutting-edge consumers to replace their 2- or 3-year-old TVs? That's what TV manufactures are hoping.
Three-dimensional movies have been around since the 1950s. And for most of its lifespan the technology has been seen more as a gimmick than something that truly enhances the movie-going experience. But newer technology and advanced special effects are helping 3D movies break into the mainstream.
TV makers believe that much of the demand for 3D will come from Hollywood, which is pushing 3D in a big way. Last year, DreamWorks announced that all its films will be produced for 3D production beginning in 2009. The company has partnered with chipmaker Intel to build processors that will help make 3D in the home a reality.
NBA
Sports leagues have also been experimenting with 3D technology. Both the National Basketball Association and the National Football League have broadcast events and games in 3D to movie theaters.
From a technical standpoint, the technology is available and mature enough today to make 3D TVs available at a reasonable cost to consumers. But there are still a few drawbacks that could prevent 3D TV from becoming the next big thing in home entertainment.
For one, to get the really cool, immersive 3D experience without getting a massive head-ache, consumers will have to wear special glasses when they're watching TV in 3D. The glasses are needed because 3D imaging requires sending a different image to each eye. And the glasses help merge the images in the mind and trick the brain into thinking that it's seeing a single 3D image.
I checked out Panasonic's home theater in 3D. I must admit, the experience was phenomenal. I felt like I was on the floor at the Olympics opening ceremonies in Beijing right alongside the hundreds of dancers and drummers. But without the glasses, the image looked fuzzy.
Panasonic's Suetsugi admits that in a perfect world, consumers should be able to have the immersive 3D experience without wearing glasses. But he said that it will be at least 10 years before the technology is advanced enough to provide a similarly robust 3D experience without glasses.
"Glassless 3D would be ideal," he said. "But it's just not possible to do that now and get the same quality experience. You would need at least 50 times more pixels to get a display to provide the same 3D experience that we provide with our TV. We are still 10 years away from that kind of technology."
Taesoo Park, a chief research engineer at LG, which makes 3D display monitors for advertising and digital signage, agrees. LG plans to start selling its 3D TVs, which require glasses, late in 2009 or in the beginning of 2010. Its glassless digital signs were also on display at CES.
"Glassless 3D is available today for digital signage and advertising," Park explained. "But the technology is not ready for TVs, because it would hurt people's eyes or give them a headache to look at today's 3D displays for any length of time. It will be at least a decade before we can get the technology to make glassless TV a reality."
That said, some manufacturers claim they have developed technology that doesn't require glasses. Phillips uses a technology it calls WOWvx. 3M and Toshiba also showed off glassless 3D screens at CES. 3M has created a thin film technology that can be used to beam light selectively to the viewer's right and left eyes.
But glasses aren't the only thing that could hold back 3D adoption. Currently, there's no standard way to get 3D footage from the movie studios or from a live broadcast to the home. Companies, such as Panasonic, are already working on developing a standard. But industry watchers fear that competing standards could emerge and spur another "format" war like the one that pitted HD DVD and Blu-ray against each other.
Panasonic's Suetsugi said he is hopeful that a common standard for 3D Blu-ray hardware, software, and TVs will emerge sometime this year, paving the way for 3D TV sales to pick up in 2010.
In addition to the standards issue, another hurdle for 3D TV has to do with the high production cost of shooting movies and events in 3D, as well as, the high cost of transporting the video across networks. Three-dimensional video requires multiple cameras for shooting. And it also requires multiple high-definition streams for transporting the video over carrier networks.
Regular standard definition television broadcasts consume more bandwidth capacity than other types of traffic like audio or text. High-definition video eats up even more. And it would likely take at least two full high-definition channels to broadcast live just one game in 3D.
This means that service providers, such as cable or satellite operators, would have to upgrade their infrastructure to handle the high bandwidth demands. Verizon, which is deploying fiber directly to consumers' homes for its Fios service, is already in good shape. But others such as Comcast and Time Warner Cable, are already finding it difficult to carve out enough bandwidth for regular HD video as well as Internet video on their networks.
"Transporting live, high-definition 3D streams is very expensive," said Steve Hellmuth, executive vice president of technology and operations for the NBA. "So there has to be sufficient demand and a pool of content before satellite and cable operators will devote resources to delivering it. I really think that Hollywood will initially drive adoption of 3D in the home."
We're only a few weeks away from the Pride's home opener on April 22nd, and everyone is buzzing with excitement.
Amongst the most excited is the NWSL's newest partner, Lifetime TV network. Amongst other things, Lifetime will be airing a weekly match on their station. Their promotion of the league and the game has helped bolster everyone's excitement for opening day.
“It's amazing,” Jasmyne Spencer said after training this week. “I feel like we're lucky to have our own TV contract with a network that supports us on and off the field as female athletes. And their hype is kind of feeding right into our hype, and it's just gonna be an amazing season.”
The Pride are aiming to fill Orlando City Stadium for their opening day, bringing back the #FillTheBowl campaign that the MLS team used their first two years to sell-out Camping World Stadium. With the blend of new faces and familiar veterans taking to the pitch, the girls are sure to put on quite the show against the Washington Spirit, who traveled to the NWSL Championship last year. The match will be one of the seven Orlando Pride matches aired on Lifetime throughout the season.
The television contract and partnership provides some stability to the NWSL heading into it's a fifth year, which helps put the players at ease. Many Orlando Pride players remember playing in other women's soccer leagues that folded, but the NWSL isn't showing any signs of slowing down.
“Me and a handful of the girls were in that period where we got drafted into the WPS and then it folded,” Spencer said. “So, to be able to play professionally in general is amazing for us and to see how much it's grown in such a short period of time is incredible.”
Spencer smiled. “We hope it's here for decades to come.”
Bhopal: The ruling BJP on Wednesday won 25 of the 43 local bodies in Madhya Pradesh, edging out the Congress which emerged victorious on 15 seats. Three local bodies were won by Independent candidates.
The victory for the ruling party comes against the backdrop of a violent farmers' protest in the state in June.
The election for the posts of presidents in the 43 local bodies, including four municipalities and 39 nagar parishads, was held on 11 August. "The BJP won 25 seats, the Congress 15, while three seats were won by Independent candidates," a Madhya Pradesh Election Commission official said.
Of the 43 seats, bypolls were held at four, while the contest was necessitated on two seats after the sitting presidents were removed under the 'right to recall'.
Opposition Congress said the party had, in fact, scored over the BJP in these elections. "We have defeated the BJP candidates at Nasrullaganj, a town which falls under (Union minister and Vidisha MP) Sushma Swaraj's parliamentary constituency, and at Sanawad, which comes under state BJP chief Nandkumar Singh Chauhan's parliamentary seat," Leader of Opposition in the Assembly Ajay Singh said.
He also pointed out that the Congress had won 13 of the 31 local bodies, which had witnessed an intensive campaigning by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. "This shows that there is anger among the people against the present government," the Congress leader claimed.
Meanwhile, Chouhan attributed the "massive" victory of the BJP to the "development work" of his government.
"Best wishes to all the winning candidates and hardworking workers of the BJP for the massive victory. The victory of BJP in the civic bodies polls in the state means a triumph of development. The public has trusted us and we will certainly meet their hopes," he tweeted.
Assembly polls are due in Madhya Pradesh in 2018.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Dear Republican and Pro-Life Friends,
Thanks for the spittle-flecked emails as well as for the polite queries. Yes, I am aware Obama is pro-choice. Yes, I'm still pro-life. I also believe that with Obama in the White House that there will be fewer abortions in America than with the Republicans in power.
As you know I was a lifelong Republican until I reregistered as an Independent in 2006, after I just couldn't take the Rove brigade's dirty tricks, lies and slime any longer. When I worked to get John McCain nominated in 2000 I went on many conservative and religious radio shows to plead his cause. I started edging away from the party after seeing the filth the Bush crew got away with.
I know rather a lot about the politics of the "life issues." And I know you know that is true because you are calling me a traitor for supporting Senator Obama because of my leadership in the early stages of the pro-life movement.
You also know that without my late Evangelical leader father Francis Schaeffer's and my work (teamed up with C. Everett Koop) there would have been no Evangelical/Republican pro-life movement as it emerged in the mid 1970s. And on a personal note, having gotten my girlfriend pregnant when we were teens, I also know a little about the heartache that goes along with a very unplanned pregnancy. Fortunately we received the sort of support that made keeping our daughter Jessica possible. It could have gone another way.
That said...I know (as you pro-lifers do if you're honest) that the Republicans have milked the abortion issue, as have the Evangelical and Roman Catholic leadership, for every dime it's worth for fundraising, votes, power and empire-building, without changing much if anything. As I said, I also am fully aware that Senator Obama is pro-choice. I think his pro-choice views are out of character with his otherwise generous and enlightened world view.
The pro-life cause poisoned many of us who were part of it. Me included. It led to self-righteous hubris that extended to a general attitude of hate toward the "other." For instance power hungry strivers such as James Dobson and Pat Robertson took the passion generated by the pro-life cause and fueled their wholly illegitimate war against gay Americans with it, not to mention their multi million dollar empires. Our cause became all about power over other people, money and the muscle to win elections, not about the good of unborn babies and women.
I describe this corruption in my book, CRAZY FOR GOD-How I Grew Up As One Of The Elect, Helped Found The Religious Right, And Lived To Take All (Or Almost All) Of It Back. I explore what happened to us as we were lured by politics and money. So lots of folks who are in the Evangelical/Republican/Roman Catholic establishment and who are still earning a good living through the culture wars hate my book (and me) for spilling the beans.
Just for the record: my annual income was a lot bigger and more secure within the Evangelical fold than without. The big bucks in America are all about selling God, as Rick Warren, James Dobson or Joel Osteen can tell you, not earned blogging for lefty sites such as Huffington Post or writing novels as I do now.
That said... First, a nod to reality: even if Roe were reversed (it won't be no matter who is president) the abortion pill and the acceptance of at least some types of legal abortion by most Americans guarantees there will be access to abortion. Besides, on a state-by-state basis abortion would remain legal in most states no matter what the court does. And as we have seen the Republicans haven't really changed anything in thirty years.
So what do we who find abortion abhorrent do if we want to deal in reality rather than fantasies and slogans of winner-take-all propaganda? The reality is that we need to foster a climate in which we can reduce the number of abortions and also keep the moral -- rather than legal -- debate alive.
We can't do this by concentrating on politics, or silver bullets such as trying for that one magic court appointment. It's the "holistic" approach that is really what's important if our goal is to reduce the number of abortions rather than just "win" political games.
The effort to reduce abortions will be more possible in the Obama era than in a continuation of the hardhearted Bush presidency with McCain. This is all about tone and moral leadership, not law.
At heart of the abortion reality is this: we are a consumerist society with a heart of stone when it comes to the poor, who account for four times the national average of people having abortions, mostly because of economic needs that Republicans don't lift a finger to address. And we still denigrate women and female sexuality.
Meanwhile we face global catastrophe if we keep on the path we are on that the Republicans have put us on. And Obama promises real change on the environment, education, the economy, the military and foreign affairs, all of which need to change, not as a luxury or choice or option, but as a matter of national survival.
I guess that having had my Marine son John go to war for George W. Bush concentrated my mind on the seriousness of this election. McCain won't do more than provide another four-to-eight years of Bush. Our planet and country can't endure that. And our military is disintegrating under the Bush doctrine, which is: "You all go shopping while we ask a few Americans to go to war again and again and again and again..."
For all you sanctimonious Evangelicals out there, also note: when it comes to squeaky clean family values, Senator Obama -- not Senator McCain -- should be your role model. The Republican right wants us to draw back in horror from Obama because he is pro-choice, but this is the same group working to get a philanderer who abandoned his wife because she had a disfiguring accident, elected.
It isn't just a matter of voting for Obama. Americans who want there to be a country left in which to argue our issues must vote against McCain. As his support for the Bush lies about Iraq shows McCain is hung up on his own version of post-Vietnam traumatic stress disorder. This is a man who would take our civilian culture down in flames and sacrifice it to his sense of death-or-glory military "honor." How do you "win" a wrong war? McCain will make the world more dangerous. You think Bush was a cowboy? Just try McCain.
I say this as the proud father of United States Marine. I say this as someone who believes that we should be in Afghanistan where my son served, fought and risked his life for us all. I also say this as someone who believes that when it comes to pro-life issues in the most comprehensive sense, that President Bush, Dick Cheney and the neoconservative/Republican establishment have needlessly killed tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis and over 4000 American servicemen and women.
I use the words "needlessly killed" advisedly. When you send men and women into an unnecessary and unprovoked war-of-choice for spurious reasons that then turn into outright lies, you've murdered them. And George W. Bush has sanctioned torture, contravened the Geneva conventions, and has lied to the American people about all of it.
Bush has destabilized the world. The latest evidence of this is the fact that Russia attacked Georgia. In the climate of Bush's aggression, where is our moral standing to criticize Russia? McCain offers no alternative. These too are life issues.
There's no point arguing about abortion, capital punishment, women's rights, gender equality or any other issue -- no matter how important -- while the ship of state is being torpedoed by the Commander-in-Chief. We can't afford more of this. Our honorable military can't endure more of this. Our economy can't endure more of this. Our Earth will not survive more of this. Bush and his look alike shill McCain has to go.
When it comes to the issue of abortion there is another side besides legality/illegality: the nature of our country.
What kind of care do we provide to mothers and children? What is our educational system like? Is healthcare available to all? Do our preschool programs and everything from paternal and maternal leave to the economic well-being of our country come first? Or do we argue about abortion rights while we live lives of such supreme selfish decadence that the nature of our country means that no matter what we do with the laws about abortion life will not be valued?
The Republican leadership is not pro-life. They are simply against abortion for reasons of political expediency. They are also for torture and military aggression. And they chose a literal executioner for president; a former governor who has more blood on his hands than any other modern American governor; Mr. Texas-sized, Capital Punishment-with-no-mercy-no-pardons hang em' high himself.
The Republicans have contributed to climate change by coddling oil companies and car companies and ducking the hard environmental and energy policy questions for thirty years. They have literally sold our country to the highest polluting bidders from the Saudis to the Chinese. Therefore the Republicans have literally risked the ability of our planet to sustain all human life born and unborn. So much for human life values.
Who will help us to become a nation that values life -- abortion rhetoric aside? Obama.
The contrast could not have been more clear than on August 16 in the interview between pastor Rick Warren of the Saddleback Church and Obama and McCain. Obama gave real and thoughtful answers, often trying to explore a moral question deeply. McCain offered nothing more than canned applause lines and anecdotes from his tired simplistic stump speech.
McCain fed pre-programed red meat to the Evangelical faithful who were packing the auditorium, but not much more. He parroted all the "right" lines about abortion, the same empty phrases Bush, parrots, Bush's father parroted and Reagan and Ford parroted.
"When does life begin?" asked Warren. "At conception!" shot back McCain.
The Evangelical crowd goes wild! See?! That's our guy!
And where do the tired canned pro-life "correct answers" get us? Nowhere.
I will be voting for the presidential candidate who seems most authentically exercised about our devastating problems and who is ready to not only address them but to provide the inspiring leadership that will move my fellow citizens and I to do something about our terminal situation. I'll be voting for the man that has also inspired the world more than any national leader in my lifetime.
There are worse things than America being liked and therefore safer. Would you rather have non-Americans waving our flag or burning it?
In the best of all worlds we would be living in a country in which no one had an abortion. We would be living in a country in which there was never capital punishment. We would be living in a country that would have addressed the legacy of our racist past and racist present so that we would not have a disproportionate number of black men and women locked in our prisons. We would be living in a country where people calling themselves Christians would not hate gay people. We would be living in a country that never went to war except as last resort for self defense. We would be living in a country where education and opportunity was every American's birthright. But we are not.
The question is: Who can best help us to the realization of the real American Dream?
The Republicans only offer consumerism as a debased sort of "freedom." This is the freedom of "me" and "I." This is the freedom of pigs rooting at a trough.
As a born-again Christ-centered believer Obama offers a spiritual vision of life founded on the Sermon On the Mount. It is the freedom of "we." It is the same view of freedom that my Marine son learned in boot camp: that the person standing next to you is more important than you are. That concept of freedom is more in keeping with valuing all human life. It will create a climate more friendly to mothers and children.
As I listen to Senator Obama speak, as I see the selfless altruistic energy he has generated in a whole new generation of young people, as I think about the ethical, caring culture he would like to foster with healthcare for all, a revamped and reenergized educational system that includes the arts, history, poetry and all those things that make life worthwhile, as I think about the wars my son's brothers-in-arms are still mired and dying in because of the hubris of the Republicans, as I think about the crying need to restore our standing in the world, as I think about the scandalous way in which the Republicans have manipulated people, including the most sincere Evangelicals, Orthodox and Roman Catholics, to get their votes, while not actually doing anything about the issues they care most about, yes, I am ready to for a change.
In Obama's America arguments for compassion for the unborn and all the other "least of these" will resonate regardless of Obama's stance on the legality of abortion. Roe is not the point. Our hearts are the point. The unborn like everyone else will do better in a country that puts people, the earth, and our future ahead of greed, oil company profits and jingoistic rule by fear.
I will be voting for Senator Obama and am I fighting for his election because I am pro-life.
Analyzing a company's position and their marketing strategy with consoles is often of little interest to me: I'm not an investor, and sometimes the conversations feel like a slightly more sophisticated version of people arguing about the CONSOLE WARS™ on forums. Bleh. And yet I walked out of a Nintendo preview event yesterday with one thought on my mind: why would someone buy a Wii U when they can just buy a 3DS?
Trying to pit a Wii U against other consoles doesn't work. Third-party wise, it's as if the console is playing catch-up with current gen titles (do people really want to buy a console to play stuff that's been out for over a year?), and despite promises, the support isn't likely to improve in the future.
I don't note this because I want to continue the tiring narrative of Nintendo's Impending Doom. Hell, for all I know Nintendo has some aces up their sleeves this E3, and the 3DS itself waded for a bit before finding its stride. The 3DS had to drop its price first before it got any traction. So maybe things will change for the Wii U.
But right here, right now, between titles like Fire Emblem, Professor Layton, Mario & Luigi, Etrian Odyssey, Bravely Default, a new Zelda game and countless other recently announced titles, the 3DS is the best system out there. That's exactly the problem. It's too good.
Advertisement
If the appeal of a Nintendo system is Nintendo games, then it also means that Nintendo is only ever in competition with itself. You can't pit a Wii U against an Xbox 360 or a PS4 because, despite Microsoft and PlayStation's attempts to court the same wide audience Nintendo appeals to, despite the copycat attempts, and despite the aggressive focus on the casual market, other consoles don't give people the Nintendo Experience.
Advertisement
That's what it comes down to: people buy a Nintendo system to play Nintendo games, because Nintendo games are fantastic. Nintendo knows it, otherwise they wouldn't keep trying to harp on our nostalgia by resurrecting older titles. In that sense, Nintendo's shaky third-party support doesn't matter so long as they have their awesome first-party games. Yesterday, during Nintendo's presentation to the press prior to the preview event, it struck me that even the worst Nintendo games tend to score rather high on Metacritic—85 and above!
The only things that can provide the Nintendo experience are the Wii U and the 3DS, not other consoles. But if someone were to ask me right now, what should I buy? A Wii U or a 3DS? There would be no contest; I'd suggest the 3DS. Having a 3DS means I have zero desire to acquire a Wii U.
Advertisement
You can get nearly every big franchise that Nintendo has to offer on the 3DS, and for cheaper: both the system and its games are less expensive than dropping cash on a new Wii U or any of its games. You can take the games with you, and you can play them in the in-between moments of your life—while on a bus, while waiting for something to finish—or you can sit down for extended periods of time to seriously play something. Whatever you'd like.
The Wii U gives you some portability thanks to its tablet-like controller, which allows you to play games without the usage of a TV, but you're still chained to the living room. With the 3DS, you can experience Nintendo games however you'd like, and at nearly the graphical fidelity of a Wii U to boot. Let me tell you, Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D, which I played a bit of yesterday, looks freaking amazing on the 3DS. Usually, Nintendo's handhelds don't nearly match up, graphics-wise, to its console offerings. That's not the case anymore.
While there's nothing wrong with wanting to play your games on the big screen, more and more I'm finding that I want to play Nintendo's games on a handheld device. I don't want to play the new Animal Crossing on my TV, and turn-based games like Fire Emblem feel best when played on-the-go. While I'm sure games in the Mario franchises play just fine on the Wii U, I'm more in love with the design decisions made on the portable iterations—I want to play the follow-up to Super Mario 3D Land more than I do the next big Mario game on the Wii U. Maybe that one is just me, though.
Advertisement
Regardless, the 3DS is excellent, perhaps too excellent. Nintendo has had this "problem" before; in previous generations, the DS was a top contender. Only, the DS provided a substantially different experience from that of the Gamecube and the Wii; the Wii was all about motion controls whereas the DS gave you a dual screen. I would have recommended buying both at the time.
The Wii's U's one gimmick is its tablet, which gives you two screens and a touch interface. Except...the 3DS already has that. If you're the economical sort, good news, the 3DS gives you the double-screen gimmick and a touch interface along with one more novelty: 3D. Underutilized, sure, but still, it's there. What else? Earthbound, I guess, and Miiverse.
Advertisement
The two desirable things I can name on the Wii U, guess what? I want them both on the 3DS instead.
European cities in countries the hardest hit by the migrant crisis say the arrival of foreigners has had a negative impact on their communities, according to a new survey.
A wide-ranging study by the European Commission in 83 cities analysed people's quality of life by asking them to rate factors from education, housing, happiness and the impact of migration.
When asked whether foreigners have been well integrated, less than half of respondents agreed in 33 cities – around 40 per cent of the places surveyed.
The highest levels of discontent were found in Athens (76%), Greater Athens (75%), Malmo (65%), Roma (64%) and Istanbul (64%).
Scroll down for video
Migrants walk near Ayvacik, Turkey, before travelling to Greek island of Lesbos as they make their way into Europe. European cities in countries the hardest hit by the migrant crisis say the arrival of foreigners has had a negative impact on their communities, according to a new survey
When asked if the presence of foreigners was positive, Istanbul came lowest with 55% of respondents disagreeing. All six cities in Italy, one of the hardest hit by the migrant crisis, came fell in the lowest ranking
Since the last survey in 2012, opinion dropped significantly in Turkey's Istanbul (down 28% to 33%) and Ankara (down 16% to 46%), one of the countries experiencing a huge influx of migrants fleeing conflict in the Middle East.
In Sofia in Bulgaria, which has also received thousands of refugees, this view has fallen 18% to 31 per cent.
This negative view was also reflected in Italy, which like Greece has taken in huge numbers of asylum seekers from across the Mediterranean.
When asked if the presence of foreigners was positive, all six Italian cities were among the lowest ranking.
On this question, people have also become significantly more negative in Istanbul (down 25% to 43%) Ankara (down 20% to 45%) and Sofia (down 17% to 57%) over the last four years.
When asked if foreigners have been well integrated, less than half of respondents agreed in 33 cities – around 40 per cent of the places surveyed – with Athens, Istanbul, Rome and Berlin falling in the lowest ranking
When asked if they were satisfied with their city, Istanbul also came out lowest with just 65 per cent agreeing, followed by Palermo (67%), Athens (67%), Greater Athens (71%), Napoli (75%) and Miskolc (79%).
By contrast, satisfaction is the highest Oslo and Zurich (both 99%), Aalborg, Vilnius and Belfast (all 98%).
The study did however find that the presence of foreigners was generally viewed as positive across Europe.
In all but five of the cities surveyed, a majority of respondents agree that it was good for their city.
In Germany, which has taken in more than one million migrants in the last year, opinion has increased in Berlin, up 10% to 40 per cent.
The study, titled Quality Of Life In European Cities, surveyed 500 people in each city between May and June last year.
Since the last survey in 2012, opinion dropped significantly about whether foreigners were well integrated in Turkey's Istanbul (down 28% to 33%) and Ankara (down 16% to 46%), one of the countries experiencing a huge influx of migrants fleeing conflict in the Middle East. Rome and Sofia also came in the bottom four
It comes as it emerged Europe's cross-border train services could be scrapped if the Schengen system collapses in the face of the migrant crisis, the head of Germany's national railway has claimed.
Hungary's foreign minister also warned that terror threats will increase and public safety will deteriorate unless the European Union builds a 'strong southern defence line' to stop the influx.
The borderless travel zone has come under increasing strain in recent months, with several countries imposing at least partial border checks in the wake of the migrant influx, as they are allowed to do temporarily.
It comes after EU leaders announced teams of border guards to be deployed in order to stop migrants leaving Greece for the rest of the EU, effectively cutting the country off from the rest of the continent.
Sex workers in a major British city are said to be selling their bodies for as little as £4 - with prostitutes blaming an influx of Eastern European competitors for pushing down prices.
Men can often be seen casually looking for women in Liverpool's notorious red-light district - where one worker's brutal murder shocked the nation and another had her teeth knocked out with a baseball bat.
The city is home to the second highest concentration of sex workers in the country but tensions are rising between the traditional workers and an influx of women from Eastern Europe.
Sex workers in Liverpool are said to be selling their bodies for as little as £4. One woman, named Natalie (pictured), described the grim nature of her work
A BBC Three documentary followed a man named Liam (pictured) who looks after the workers. He revealed how little some prostitutes sell sex for
In grim scenes, Natalie describes performing sex acts from a derelict house in Liverpool's red-light district
It is claimed the immigrants are driving down prices, according to the Liverpool Echo.
Speaking on a BBC Three documentary, a man named Liam, who lives on the heart of the red-light district and claims to look after the workers, said: 'Some of the girls give it away for £4.
'I'm not a pimp. I have nothing do with any of their money.
'They just buy me drinks, food, they don't pay me. I just watch their backs to be honest with you.'
During the course of the programme he is forced to fight off one punter who refuses to leave one prostitute alone.
The documentary tells the story of crack addict Natalie, who works on the streets to fund her habit.
Natalie plies her trade on Sheil Road, which has become synonymous with the city's sex trade and is close to where prostitute Anne Marie Foy was killed in 2005.
In grim scenes, Natalie describes performing sex acts from a derelict house in the red-light district.
Natalie (pictured) is addicted to crack cocaine and turned to prostitution to fund her habit
Volunteers offer help and support to the city's sex workers
Sheil Road has become synonymous with Liverpool's sex trade
She said: 'Obviously I had to lower prices to get them there.'
Natalie then reveals how and 'the only times somebody opens their arms to me is when dragging me on a bed.
'What's normal to me is getting up, getting dressed and getting to have sex with a different man day in, day out.'
A man named Jack, who lives with Natalie, blames Eastern European sex workers for flooding the market and slashing prices.
He claims women come from as far as Serbia and Croatia and sell sex for rock bottom prices.
He said: 'They're absolute stunners. But the local girls... Sometimes I have to lend them my teeth.'
By Matt McGrath
BBC science reporter
The reptile possessed primitive and more advanced traits Researchers in China and the UK say they have discovered the fossils of a new type of flying reptile that lived more than 160 million years ago. The find is named Darwinopterus, after Charles Darwin. Experts say it provides the first clear evidence of a controversial idea called modular evolution. The 20 new fossils found in north-east China show similarities to both primitive and more advanced pterosaurs, or flying reptiles. The research is published in the journal, Proceedings of the Royal Society B. Missing link Pterosaurs were flying reptiles that flourished between 65 and 220 million years ago. Darwinopterus could offer evidence of modular evolution Until now, scientists had known about two distinct groups of these creatures - primitive, long-tailed pterosaurs and more advanced short-tailed ones, separated by a gap in the fossil record. But the discovery of more than 20 new fossil skeletons in north-east China sits in the gap in this evolutionary chain. Darwinopterus is a hawk-like reptile with a head and neck just like advanced pterosaurs - but the rest of the skeleton is similar to more primitive forms. Researchers say that this could be evidence of what they call modular evolution - where natural selection forces a whole series of traits to change rapidly rather than just one. "Darwinopterus came as quite a shock to us" said Dr David Unwin, from the University of Leicester, UK. "We had always expected a gap-filler with typically intermediate features such as a moderately elongate tail - neither long nor short. "But the strange thing about Darwinopterus is that it has a head and neck just like that of advanced pterosaurs, while the rest of the skeleton, including a very long tail, is identical to that of primitive forms." With its long jaws and rows of sharp-pointed teeth, these creatures were very well suited to catching and killing other flying species. The fossils were found in rocks that are 160 million years old, making them 10 million years older than the first bird, Archaeopteryx. Dr Unwin collaborated on the study with researchers from the Geological Institute in Beijing, China.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jordan Peele pulled up on a class at UCLA that was discussing his film Get Out. Peele was wearing a hoodie in the back of the class when the professor Tananarive Due called on him.
Needless to say, the students were a little hype to suddenly see Jordan Peele in their midst speaking to them about Get Out, Black horror films, and the larger idea of the “sunken place.”
Shoutout to @JordanPeele for coming to my Black Horror Aesthetic class and lecturing us on his movie #GetOut ✊🏽 pic.twitter.com/P9P7aRGoV3 — Chef Jay (@Dj_Odyssey_) October 12, 2017
The class Peele showed up to is “The Sunken Place: Racism, Survival, and Black Horror Aesthetic,” taught by Tananarive Due, a filmmaker, screenwriter, and professor at UCLA.
.@JordanPeele in today's #BlackHorror class at @UCLA on The Sunken Place: "I realized it was the prison industrial complex." So many lives. pic.twitter.com/mDOL7a9JIK — Tananarive Due (@TananariveDue) October 12, 2017
Pretty cool experience for students to be able to ask Peele directly about his idea behind Get Out on a deeper level. Obviously it's an interesting film on the surface, but there's also so much happening in Get Out beyond what meets the eye.
Professor Tananarive Due spoke to Gizmodo back in September about her course, motivated by Get Out, that examines the role of Black Americans in horror films.
Me: "What do you think the director was trying to say about the coveting of black bodies?"
*@JordanPeele raises hand*
Me: "You in the back." — Tananarive Due (@TananariveDue) October 13, 2017
Due told Gizmodo that Get Out inspired her creation of the course,
“The idea for the course, specifically, came because Jordan Peele dropped Get Out when I was teaching my Afrofuturism course last spring at UCLA. And it was one of those things where the timing wasn't quite right and I thought, ‘Oh, I wish I used that in the course…'”
For as good as Get Out is, it's not the first example of a Black horror film, just the most mainstream. That fact in and of itself drove Due to want to take a deeper academic look at the history of Black horror in American films. Due said to Gizmodo,
“Get Out is not the first black-made horror film, but it's definitely the most successful. And I think it definitely has the ability to be culture-changing, let's say.”
Sounds like a rad course. This is some cool stuff from both Tananarive Due and Peele himself.
Spurs' “Wembley woes” this season gone, have got fans worried about spending an entire year (or even two if the project is delayed) at the nation's home ground.
It's easy to question conclusions drawn from such a small sample and easier still to look into those game and spin the angle. A group stage played out during our weakest period of the season. A German team that play the particular way we struggle with. A talented Monaco side who went all the way to the semis. And at least a little unluckiness against both Gent and Chelsea.
I experienced first hand the change in atmosphere between White Hart Lane and Wembley. On each of the three Champion's League group games, the people sat next to me probably wouldn't have been able to name our first choice XI if asked. Even the fans keen to sing the team along had a hard time trying to get any song to build and carry across the stadium due to it's size and the way it's built.
What I want to focus on here, though, is the pitch it's self. This splits into two categories; the composition of the turf, and the size of the ground.
Turf
At WHL the grass is short and the ground hard. At Wembley the grass is long and the floor is soft. As a result the ball travels in different ways. It travels slower on the Wembley grass, coming to a halt after a shorter distance, and it bounces less high after it hits the ground. Wembley does not lend it's self to the high tempo that Pochettino likes to play at. These differences seem minor and the effect can be very subtle but in football, a game of inches, it can be everything.
Harry Kane's Wembley free kick is denied by backspin. pic.twitter.com/VYpXHJJPfB — Nathan A Clark (@NathanAClark) June 28, 2017
Kane's free kick here makes the perfect metaphor. The ball hits Courtois' side as it passes under him but the contact is enough that it catches enough backspin to grind to a halt on the goal line. Courtois can recover and gather the ball into his arms. A two goal deficit in injury time means this probably made no real difference, in the grand scheme of things. But I'd be willing to bet that, on the short grass and hard pitch of The Lane, that ball goes in. Especially in the worn goalmouths of Park Lane and Paxton.
Playing week-in-week-out at Wembley. Regular sessions on our mock-Wembley training pitch. We'll soon get used to those millimeters that matter. But for the time being it will be jarring enough to rob us of just that little bit of meaningful home advantage.
Pitch Size
The size of the pitch, meanwhile, is more tactically complicated. It's a simplification, but as a general rule, a large pitch favours attacking and a small pitch favours defending.
In attack teams spread out across the width of the pitch, moving the ball vertically and horizontally to move the opposition out of shape and get at goal. In defence teams compress the space, sitting deep and tucking in narrow.
So the Wembley pitch will make us more lethal up top and more flaky at the back? Not exactly. Over the period of Pochettino's time at Spurs we've become the best team in the league at using every inch of the pitch available to us to stretch open defensive sides with our juego de posicion model.
Last season we managed to score 47 League goals in 17 home games. 2.7 goals per game on, what was, the smallest pitch in the league. When Spurs are on top, when we control the game, we tend to get to 4 goals and then take it easy to conserve energy. It's hard to see an improvement in this area in a way that matters.
Could it weaken us while we're defending? Yes, a little. But we don't tend to spend a large amount of time sat deep in our own half. Instead, where it will effect us is in our high-pressing. And this is two-fold too.
Having a larger area to cover means the opposition will have more time on the ball and more space to play. Tottenham press in a very horizontal manner; which means when the ball is on the left we all move over to the left and as a result we leave space on the right for the opposition to switch the ball to. With an extra half-second to control the ball and look up. With extra room to receive the ball in. We may see our counter-press more easily broken.
The other factor in our pressing is a fitness one. More ground to cover = a higher workload. 3 seasons of observing Spurs under Pochettino leaves the impression of a fitness regime that uses the latest physiological science and technology to push our players to the exact limit. Warping the field of play and the distance ran each game has the potential to throw that balance off or see us struggle to last the 90 under our current game plan.
But Wait
Okay, this has all been very negative so I want to leave it on a high note. None of this really matters. There are disadvantages that come with moving stadium. But Pochettino's Tottenham Hotspur are really fucking good. So good that last season we took half the campaign to get going and still finished second.
As of right now, Spurs absolutely have the capacity to win the league. Matters like keeping Dembele fit, retaining our players, improving squad depth and maintaining a constant method of moving centre-backs into wide areas are important. Wembley is just a blip. A tiny black spot in Pochettino's shining lilywhite cathedral.
Advertisements
Pope Francis waves after delivering his "Urbi et Orbi" (to the city and the world) message from the balcony overlooking St. Peter's Square at the Vatican December 25, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis paid tribute on Monday to Middle East Christians who have clung to their faith during persecution by Islamist militants, saying there are more Christians martyrs now than in the Church's early days.
The pope spoke to thousands of people in St. Peter's Square for his holiday blessing on the feast of St. Stephen, the first Christian martyr.
He mentioned the persecution of Christians in Iraq, many of whom where able to spend their first Christmas since 2013 in churches after towns and cities were retaken from Islamic State.
“This was an example of fidelity to the Gospel,” he said. “Despite trials and dangers, they courageously show that they belong to Christ,” he said.
“Today, we want to think of them and be close to them with our affection, our prayers and even our tears,” the pope said.
Christians in northern regions of Iraq held by Islamic State were given an ultimatum: pay a tax, convert to Islam, or die by the sword. Most of them fled to the autonomous Kurdish region to the east.
Leaders of various churches, including the Coptic Church in Egypt, whose members have been beheaded and churches bombed, have called the fact that Christians of all denominations were being killed in the Middle East an “ecumenism (unity) of blood.”
“There are more Christian martyrs today than in the first centuries,” said the pope, who has often denounced Islamic State and condemned the concept of killing in God's name.
'Dubai hit squad stole my identity': British man's name used by assassins who executed senior Hamas leader
A British man in Israel with the same name as an alleged member of a hit squad that assassinated a top Hamas militant in Dubai said his identity had been stolen.
Melvyn Adam Mildiner said he was 'angry, upset and scared' over what he called a misidentification.
He spoke as the Foreign Office confirmed the British passports used in the killing were fraudulent. The FCO has launched an investigation, it said in a statement.
Scroll down for CCTV of the alleged assassins
That's not me: Left, the passport photograph used by the alleged assassin pretending to be Briton Melvyn Mildiner. Right, the photograph used by a woman pretending to be an Irish citizen named Gail Folliard
Last night Dubai police said they were working on the premise that the passports were genuine.
It is not clear if they contacted the Foreign Office to say they believed people carrying British passports were involved in the killing before releasing the information yesterday.
'This is an ongoing Emirati investigation to which we have offered our assistance and support.
We are aware that the holders of six British passports have been named in this case. We believe the passports used were fraudulent and have begun our own investigation.
We have informed the authorities in the UAE that this is the case, and continue to cooperate closely with the Emiratis on this matter.' - Foreign Office spokesman
'We are not aware of the process they went through in making the decision to release the information,' an FCO spokesman said.
He would not comment when asked if the British Government had been contacted by the Dubai police prior to yesterday's announcement.
Dubai police listed Mr Mildiner as one of six men carrying British passports suspected of being part of an 11-man hit squad that killed Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in a luxury hotel in the Gulf emirate last month.
But the British national, a resident of a town near Jerusalem, today insisted he had nothing to do with the assassination and had never been to Dubai.
'I woke up this morning to a world of fun,' he said, after newspapers around the world splashed names and photos of the suspects distributed by Dubai.
'I am obviously angry, upset and scared - any number of things. And I'm looking into what I can do to try to sort things out and clear my name,' he said in a telephone interview.
'I don't know how this happened or who chose my name or why, but hopefully we'll find out soon.'
'It's not me. Which is one silver lining on this entire story because at least I can point to it and say, 'Look, that's not me. It's not the picture that I have in my passport, and it's not the picture that I have on my face that I walk around with every day',' Mr Mildiner said.
Anatomy of an assassination: Left, at around 8.24pm on the night of January 20, victim Mabhouh can be seen stepping off the lift as he arrives back at his room in the Al-Bustan Rotana Hotel. Right, at around the same time, the woman posing as Gail Folliard, apparently wearing a wig and glasses, pretends to speak on a mobile phone as she stakes out the hallway
Some 20 minutes later, at 8.46 p.m., the alleged execution team - carrying bags - leave the victim's hotel room and casually walk out of the hotel, fleeing Dubai within hours. The murder is believed to have taken place within that 20 minutes
Fugitive: One minute later, at 8.47p.m., the woman posing as Folliard also enters the lift with another suspect and leaves the hotel
'I have my passport. It is in my house, along with the passports of everybody else in my family, and there's no Dubai stamps in it because I've never been to Dubai,' he said.
Acknowledging that his name was uncommon, Mr Mildiner said: 'There's probably not many of us.'
Mr Mildiner, who made aliya (the emigration of Jews to Israel) from London nine years ago, does appear to have a Twitter account, though his tweets are now being protected.
He was however tweeting on the day of the assassination, seeming about IT-related things. His tweet, sent from a SPB Mobile Shell phone at 2.33 p.m., reads: 'Is it possible to install something like #Swype on an #iPhone and set it as the default input device?'
He spoke out as Ireland's Department of Foreign Affairs confirmed that none of the alleged Irish citizens named as being part of the hit squad exist.
‘We've been unable to find any record of Irish passports having been issued with details corresponding to the details published today in a number of UAE newspapers,' the Deparment said today.
'We are in ongoing contact with UAE authorities to try and ascertain the exact facts of the case.
'To date we've received no evidence that any Irish people were involved.'
The British Home Office declined to comment, saying it was an ongoing investigation.
There was no comment from Dubai-based diplomats from the countries linked to passports.
COUNTDOWN TO AN ASSASSINATION
January 19, 2010: Victim Mahmoud al-Mabhouh arrives in Dubai - mysteriously without his bodyguards. It is still not clear what he was doing in the country.
January 20: Shortly after midnight, the suspects are spotted on airport and hotel CCTV cameras arriving in Dubai.
They split into five teams - four surveillance, and one execution squad. Tennis disguise
During the day several of the suspects are seen in the hotel disguised as tourists. Like something out of a spy caper novel, they wear false beards and glasses and even dress up in sports gear with tennis racquets to fool any suspicious onlookers.
CCTV shows one entering a bathroom and emerging again in his disguise.
At one point they even get in to the same lift as Mabhouh to confirm the room he is in - room 230. Peter Elvinger books the room down the hall - room 237. Some of the assassins take up position. 4.25p.m.: One of the suspects arrives at the Al-Bustan Rotana Hotel, where Mabhouh is staying. Mabhouh 8.24p.m. Mabhouh arrives back at the hotel. 8.27 p.m.: Gail and Kevin can be seen monitoring the hallway outside his room. The killing, believed to have taken only ten minutes, takes place.
8.46p.m.: The alleged execution team are caught on CCTV apparently leaving the victim's room and walking out of the Al-Bustan Rotana Hotel after the hit is believed to have taken place.
8.47p.m.: Gail is seen stepping in to the lift and leaving the hotel Within two hours, the entire team has fled the country to destinations in Europe and Asia.
Dubai police said last night they are working on the premise the passports are genuine - though that premise is false, according to the Foreign Office statement.
Last night the Daily Mail confirmed that people with the same names and birthdates as those on the passports were all born in Britain. Mr Mildiner is the only one to have spoken out so far.
The 11-strong gang - some wearing fake beards and wigs - who disguised themselves as tourists with tennis clothes and rackets in a highly orchestrated murder.
They are believed to have fled the emirate after the killing and are now on the run. Dubai's attorney general, Essam al-Hemaydan, said international arrest warrants have been issued.
They arrived on separate flights and spent less than a day in the emirate, tracking their victim to his five-star residence, the al-Bustan Rotana, near the airport before ambushing and suffocating him.
It was earlier alleged he was electrocuted before being murdered.
Dubai's chief of police, Lieutenant General Dhahi Khalfan Tamim, last night released the names of six people claiming to be British and three claiming to be Irish among the killers.
'We have no doubts that it was 11 people holding these passports, and we regret that they used the travel documents of friendly countries,' he said.
The other members of the gang were carrying French and German passports.
Within two hours of the attack on Mahmoud al-Mabhouh on January 20, the assassins fled Dubai, heading to airports in Europe and Asia.
It is believed that they were in the country for only 19 hours in all.
It is believed a request has been placed with Interpol for arrest warrants for the gang.
Al-Mabhouh was found dead in his hotel room without any injuries to his body, according to initial reports from Palestinian sources.
He had barricaded the door of his room with chairs, a standard precaution by a man who felt that Israeli intelligence had been after his life for 20 years.
But Lt Gen Tamim did not go as far as blaming Israel directly, saying it was possible that 'leaders of certain countries gave orders to their intelligence agents to kill' the Hamas man.
Outlining how he believed the assassination was carried out, he said it was a highly organised operation, carried out with advance knowledge of the victim's movements.
Forensic tests indicated al-Mabhouh died of suffocation, but examinations are continuing to establish other possible factors in his death - including the possibility of electrocution and torture.
Airport surveillance video of the alleged killers arriving on separate flights to Dubai the day before al-Mabhouh was found dead, were shown at a news conference yesterday.
The members of the hit-squad divided into teams - four surveillance teams and the execution squad who would actually carry out the assassination. Three of the execution squad were carrying British passports, one was carrying an Irish passport.
Hotel CCTV shows men disguised as tennis-playing tourists conducting surveillance in the hotel just hours before al-Mabhouh was killed
Assassinated: Mahmoud al-Mabhouh
They used 'coded communication tools' to keep in contact.
CCTV footage shows the female member of the gang apparently wearing a dark wig, big hat and sunglasses to blend in with tourists.
Others in the hit squad were also seen on the film dressed as holidaymakers, wearing tennis clothes and carrying rackets and athletic bags.
The footage also showed the gang gathering in groups at the Al-Bustan Rotana Hotel.
All of the gang paid for their expenses in cash to avoid being traced.
Investigators saying that several members of the hit squad followed Al-Mabhouh to his room, even riding in the elevator with him to confirm his room number.
Then some of the team checked in to a room across the hall.
Four assassins then entered his room while he was out, using an electronic device to open the door, waiting to pounce when he returned.
The killing took just ten minutes.
The gang were careful not to disturb anything in the room and left the door locked from the inside to try to hide their actions, said Dubai police.
All of the suspects left the country within 19 hours of their arrival. Police said some went to Europe, some to Asia.
But there were clues, police said - the alleged assassins hired cars, and even apparently left fingerprints.
And the CCTV footage used to map the suspects' movements from their arrival in Dubai up until the murder was the most damning of all, police said.
'DAY OF THE JACKAL'-LIKE ASSASSINATION PLOT
The elaborate plan to kill Mabhouh reads like something out of a Frederick Forsyth-style spy caper - which, in fact, it is. Forsyth wrote 'The Day of the Jackal', in which an assassin uses false passports in a plot to kill French President Charles de Gaulle, in 1971.
'The Jackal'
It was turned into a film in1973, with a remake loosely based on the original and starring Bruce Willis made in 1997. Israeli hit squads have used non-Israeli passports in the past, notably in 1997 when agents who bungled an attempt to assassinate Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal in Jordan entered the country on Canadian passports.
One of the agents had a passport bearing the name of a Canadian living in Israel, who later said he was the victim of identity theft. In 2005, Israel apologised to New Zealand after two suspected Mossad agents were sentenced to six months in jail by a court in Auckland that found they had sought to obtain a New Zealand passport illegally.
'We have identified the suspects and will issue arrest warrants against them and will take legal action against anyone or any party which will prove to stand behind the murder,' Lt Gen Tamim said.
'Currently we do not have clear evidence that a specific apparatus has carried out the act,' he added.
'We are dealing with the passports as original unless it is proven otherwise. We are asking for the co-operation of the respective countries.'
Police said the ringleader is Peter Elvinger, 49, who holds a French passport.
They accused him of being the squad's logistical coordinator and the one who booked room 237 in Al Bustan Rotana, down the corridor from the victim's room – 230.
Yesterday police said that there was ‘serious penetration into al-Mabhouh's security prior to his arrival' in Dubai, but that it appeared al-Mabhouh was travelling alone.
Other reports suggested he was in Dubai to buy weapons for Hamas.
It is understood he entered Dubai on a false passport the day before his murder.
Hamas, the Palestinian Islamist movement, denied al-Mabhouh - one of the founders of the group's military wing - was en route to Iran, one of the group's major backers.
Top Hamas figures have accused Israeli agents of killing him.
Lt Gen Tamin said Israeli involvement could not be ruled out.
'We do not rule out Mossad, but when we arrest those suspects we will know who masterminded it,' he said.
'If the law of the jungle is the system for some countries, in the UAE it is rule of law that governs us, and if leaders of some countries give orders to their intelligence services to kill, this practice is rejected and is a crime in our laws, religion and Islamic traditions,' Gen Tamin said.
He added that the UAE would follow the proper legal procedures and work with Interpol to track down the perpetrators – “even if it's some countries' leaders'.
'Stephen Daniel Hodes (British)' 'Paul John Keeley (British)' 'Michael Barney (British)'
'James Leonard Clarke (British)' 'Peter Elvinger (French)' 'Jonathan Louis Graham (British'
'Kevin Daveron (Irish)' 'Michael Bodenheimer (German)' 'Evan Dennings (Irish)'
In a statement released last month, Hamas acknowledged that al-Mabhouh was involved in the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989.
The organisation said that until his death, he had played a 'continuous role in supporting his brothers in the resistance inside the occupied homeland'.
The Al Bustan Rotana in Dubai is a luxury 275 room 5-star hotel, catering for business and leisure travellers. It has seven restaurants and cafes, a health club, two swimming pools, tennis courts and beach access.
BURL & FUR is an illustration zine inspired by and dedicated to bara/gay manga. A group of over 40 young artists pay tribute to the genre, making up a beautiful and diverse collection of illustrations.
The book will be 6x9” and about 60 pages, printed as a high-quality softcover. The illustrations are risqué, but not pornographic - they range from playful to suggestive (and are all very sexy, if we do say so ourselves).
Each contributor has a different relationship with the genre ranging from casual consumers to the hardcore fans, and everything in between. Some of our artists draw erotica regularly, some hardly ever do; some are heavily inspired by manga in their practice, some not so much. Ultimately this led to an unexpected and beautifully diverse mix of interpretations!
Anna Pan + Kevin Wada
Tobias Kwan + Leonard Peng
Greg Wright + Daryl Toh
(You can follow Burl & Fur on Tumblr to see more previews!)
BURL & FUR has some incredible artists - CHECK THEM OUT:
Amanda Burke + Andrew Kolb + Andy Bennett + Anna Pan + Babs Tarr + Cathryn Virginia + Coleman Engle + Daryl Toh + Dave Valeza + Drew Green + Epsee + F Choo + Florian Pichon + Greg Wright + Guilherme Prieto + Jacopo "Dronio" Camagni + Jake Wyatt + Jen Bartel + Jeremy Sorese + Josh McKenzie + Julia Scott + Kelly Smith + Kenny Park + Kevin Wada + Kris Anka + Leonard Peng + Marccus + Mario Manzanares + Matt Howorth + Max Wittert + Michael Guiang + Natalie Andrewson + Natalie Hall + Nesskain + Nickie Charles + Nico Delort + Nicole Miles + Rebekka Dunlap + Roxie Vizcarra + Rumz + Sophia Foster-Dimino + Stephen McDermott + Tobias Kwan + W. Scott Forbes + Woo Dun
We're keeping this project simple and letting the work speak for itself. The main emphasis is on the book itself, but if you pledge at The Hot Delivery Guy tier or higher, you can get a pack of 5 prints of work from the book too!
Our first print pack includes a print from Babs Tarr, Anna Pan, Natalie Andrewson, Greg Wright, and Jen Bartel. More print packs will be added as additional stretch goals are met!
Prints will be on high-quality recycled paper and sized 6x9" to ship flat with the books.
Met!!! - $20,000 - Foil-Stamped Covers!
Met!!! - $25,000 - Burl & Fur Sticker Pack - a 3x3" sticker and 11x3" bumper sticker will be added to all pledges that include physical items!
Met!!! - $30,000 - New set of prints that will be added to all pledges that include the print pack! This expansion features the work of Julia Scott, Leonard Peng, Drew Green, and Nickie Charles!
Met!!! - $40,000 - Stickers set by PaperBeatsScissors added to all pledges that include physical orders!
Met!!! - $50,000 - The Creators' Pack - prints from the curators of Burl & Fur are added to the print pack!
Irene Koh is a Los Angeles based illustrator and comic artist, continental wanderer, and red meat enthusiast. Her works include SECRET ORIGINS: BATGIRL, TMNT: CASEY & APRIL, and 1602: WITCH HUNTER ANGELA. Happily situated as the B&F family's wild child.
Paul Reinwand is a comic artist and freelance illustrator kicking around Portland, Oregon. He's worked with Boom! Studios, IDW, Image, and has a creator owned title forthcoming from Oni Press. When not casually 'dad'ing his peers, Paul enjoys his idiot-child dogs, and obscure Naruto references.
Ricardo Bessa is a Portuguese illustrator based in London, UK. He's done work for some people and some companies (like MTV, HBO, Puffin Books and Boom! Studios) but his involvement in Burl & Fur is, admittedly, his sexiest work yet.
Kevin Jay Stanton is a freelance illustrator with a green thumb and obsession with creating more work than one person can handle. He's worked with The New York Times, Boom! Studios, Twitter, and Penguin Random House, and has been voted "The Prude Emperor" of the group.
Video
Video - Matt Pichette
Music - "Down and Dirty" by Jingle Punks
Featuring art by (in order): Drew Green, Woo Dun, Josh McKenzie, Sophia Foster-Diminio, Julia Scott, Rumz, Matt Howorth, Andy Bennett, Greg Wright, Babs Tarr, Tobias Kwan, Dave Valeza
The money raised in this Kickstarter will go to directly into production of the zine (the printing and shipping of the books and rewards, design and layout) and to compensating the artists involved (who will receive a flat rate built into the minimum goal). In addition, all additional money made past the initial goal and production will be split amongst the artists evenly.
The Hamas terror group, which controls Gaza, recently refused to accept a shipment of missiles that were smuggled from Libya through the Sinai Peninsula, claiming the shipment included spying and tracking devices which would allow Israel to locate where the missiles are stored.
Elements involved in the arms smuggling in the Sinai told the Egyptian daily Al-Youm Al-Sabaa on Sunday that 28 long-range missiles were smuggled from Libya to the mountainous regions in central Sinai in recent days and from there were supposed to enter Gaza.
However, a day before the missiles were to be brought into Gaza through the underground smuggling tunnels, a Hamas missile expert came to inspect the missiles, finding spying and surveillance measures planted in them, the sources said.
It was also reported that Hamas severed ties with large weapons smugglers in the Sinai after finding that the weapons transferred from Libya were “infected” by spyware that allowed Israel to locate their storage place in Gaza.
Terrorists have taken advantage of the lawlessness in the Sinai since the ouster of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to smuggle rockets, missiles and other arms into Gaza. These arms come from Libya, where there is also lawlessness in the wake of the civil war which toppled former leader Muammar Qaddafi.
Two months ago Egyptian security forces seized U.S.-made anti-tank and surface-to-air missiles destined for Gaza.
Six missiles were found hidden in the Sinai after security forces were tipped off to the hiding place.
The activity against the weaponry smuggling is part of Egyptian-U.S. coordination, agreed upon in the discussions involving former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton two days before the end of Israel's Operation Pillar of Defense in Gaza last November.
Earlier in January Western sources revealed that Egypt had prevented three instances of large-scale smuggling of weapons into Gaza since the end of Operation Pillar of Defense.
Muammar Gaddafi has been shown on Libyan loyalist TV channel Al-Orouba shortly after a group of rebels besieging apartment buildings near his Bab Al-Aziziyah compound claimed they had him trapped inside.
During the broadcast Colonel Gaddafi called his supporters the "sweeping majority" and said there would be no safe place for rebels, Reuters reports.
Muammar Gaddafi has told Libyans they must "fight and destroy" the rebels in Tripoli.
The Libyan leader has also called on his supporters to march on Tripoli and "purify" the capital of rebels, whom he has called "rats, crusaders and unbelievers."
The colonel called on all Libya's tribes to rally and to expel "foreign agents" from the country.
"Libya is for the Libyan people and not for the agents, not for imperialism, not for France, not for Sarkozy, not for Italy," he said. "Tripoli is for you, not for those who rely on NATO."
Gaddafi's spokesman, Moussa Ibrahim, has declared that the colonel is still in Libya and is leading the fight against the rebels. Gaddafi is safe, healthy and his morale is high, Ibrahim added.
Meanwhile, a group of rebels who are exchanging fire with loyalists inside apartment buildings near Muammar Gaddafi's Bab Al-Aziziyah compound say they believe Muammar Gaddafi is also there and that they have him surrounded, Reuters reports.
The rebels did not explain why they believe Gaddafi is inside one of those apartment buildings, but they say the colonel may be holed up in the buildings with some of his sons.
"They are together. They are in a small hole," the agency quotes one of the rebel fighters involved in the battle, Mohammed Gomaa, as saying . "Today we finish. Today we will end that."
Occasional gun shots can be heard on a direct video transmission from Tripoli though generally the streets look pretty quiet.
Libyan rebel council head Abdel Jalil urges Libyans in areas still under Gaddafi control to "join the revolution," promising national wealth will be distributed equally among the population.
Libyan rebels say they have found large stockpiles of food, medicine and fuel hoarded by Gaddafi regime.
The former pro-Gaddafi state TV station Al-Jamahiriya is now showing the flag used by the rebels – the flag of the pre-Gaddafi monarchy, BBC Monitoring reports. A text on the flag reads "Libya satellite".
This, though, is not the first announcement about the possible detention of Gaddafi's family members. On Tuesday, an announcement came that the second son of Colonel Gaddafi, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, had been detained by rebels. Hours after his supposed arrest, however, the younger Gaddafi rolled up to Tripoli's Rixos hotel in a white armored limousine.
Earlier in August, the rebels repeatedly claimed that another of Gaddafi's sons, Khamis, who commanded elite loyalist troops, had been killed in a NATO strike. But Libyan state TV later broadcast what it said was footage of Khamis visiting people wounded in an air attack.
And Italian journalist Luca Galassi believes it is not by chance that these reports coincide with the visit of the head of the Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) to Italy for talks.
“What we may see is there are two conflicts going on – one is the conflict on the ground, the war that is going on on the ground between the rebels and the loyalists. And this one is probably going to end – the battle for Tripoli – is going to end in probably a predictable amount of time,” he told RT. “The other one is the economic and political conflict. This conflict is a bit more overt. So we can say for sure that these steps, like the unfreezing of the assets, are very important to try to get stabilization of the situation,” Galassi added.
“There is a big fund that is being put up for the rebels. And in this fund, will be conveyed, will be channelled, an awful amount from all the countries that took part in this war. We must not forget that the coalition of countries that took part in the war will be the first, will be on the top. They will be the leaders who will take advantage from the cake, the big cake of oil and energy contracts. And Italy is at the forefront obviously, because it has historical reasons to be at the forefront. We have the main company, which has invested in the country and whose situation is a bit unstable also. Oilfields were stopped, as we know. So for Berlusconi it is very important to put together the biggest amount of contracts with the Transitional Council in order to have the contracts assured, in order to make the situation more stable for the company that operates in Libya,” Galassi stated.
And the Libyan rebel official in charge of finance and oil says they hope to restart exports of crude oil within two weeks. Ali Tarhouni told Reuters they hope to export at least 500,000 barrels per day, growing to 1.6m barrels per day in a year or so. Damage to the oil fields has been minimal, he said.
­Mark Almond, a history professor at Oxford University, believes the timing of the rebels' claims has not been chosen by chance. The opposition is sending out the message to the coalition forces, trying to prove they are actually worth the cash.
“They are certainly trying to prove they are in charge,” Almond told RT. “It's clear Colonel Gaddafi has lost control of much of Libya, but no entire assertion at all who controls the areas the Gaddafi's forces do not control. The Libyan National Transitional Council has spent much of its time actually not in Libya but in places like Qatar or now traveling around Rome and Paris. We are actually wondering who these people are. It's not quite clear who the boys from Benghazi really are. There are some high-profile spokesmen who've lived in America and Britain for a long time, there are one or two of Gaddafi's ex-ministers, there are also very shadowy figures. I'm afraid we should also ask ourselves, given experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan, where billions of dollars went missing, should we really be sending cash? And this is all we are talking about – large wads of cash to Benghazi without being clear exactly who is going to receive it, or how it is going to be spent .”
Log into YouTube. Click on the Upload button. Click the Get started button on live streaming.
Figure 26. Click Live Streaming after you click upload
Select Events.
Figure 27. Select Events
Make sure you select Events. You will not get a 360° stream with Stream now.
In the right side of the screen, select New live event.
Figure 28. New live event
Add a title.
Select Advanced Settings
Select This live stream is 360.
Figure 29. Select This live stream is 360
Create the event. On the next screen, grab stream name from Ingestion Settings
Once you click on Basic ingestion information on your encoder will open up. Set your bandwidth to the highest value your network can support. In the example below, I have it set to 720p as I have only 1.5Mbps upstream at my house.
Copy the stream name. You will need this for OBS. In OBS, it is called, Stream key.
Open OBS, go to Settings → Stream. Paste the YouTube stream name into the box on OBS called, Stream key.
On the main OBS front control panel, press Start Streaming in the right hand side of the control panel.
On YouTube, go to the Live Control Room and click Preview Stream.
You can preview the stream if you have good bandwidth. I have limited upstream bandwidth in my office. I reduced the ingestion bandwidth, making my resolution lower. Navigation in 360 works fine. My resolution is limited by my 1.5Mbps upload bandwidth.
When you're ready, start the stream.
This is an example of the THETA S streamed to YouTube with faster bandwidth.
Figure 30. THETA UVC FullHD Blender and YouTube Live Event
This is a screenshot from the live stream of the RICOH R Development Kit from their demo at CES in January of 2017.
Figure 31. RICOH R Dev Kit Live Stream at CES
Journalists are increasingly subjected to online harassment, but when the journalist is a woman misogynistic abuse quickly escalates into gender-based defamation and threats of sexual violence, according to a review of incidents reported to Index on Censorship's Mapping Media Freedom project.
In the latest case, political editor Laura Kuenssberg, who works for the BBC, was provided with a security detail while she covered the Labour party conference in Brighton. Kuenssberg had been targeted with sexist abuse by individuals who were upset by what they saw as her anti-Labour and anti-Jeremy Corbyn bias.
“Sadly, Laura Kuenssberg's experience is all too common across the 42 countries that Mapping Media Freedom monitors. Women are often targeted with threats of death and rape. As a society, we only hear about the most high-profile cases, which obscures the fact that this type of misogynistic intimidation is a widespread and pernicious obstacle to the performance of journalists' professional duties,” Hannah Machlin, project manager at Index on Censorship's Mapping Media Freedom project, said.
In July, Poland's state-controlled news channel TVP INFO ran a critical piece about Dorota Bawołek, Brussels correspondent for Polsat, a private Polish TV channel, which led to online harassment.
Bawołek reported that she had received hundreds of insulting messages on social media after TVP INFO accused her of asking provocative questions with intent “to harm Poland”. In the messages Bawołek was called a “prostitute”, “anti-Polish manipulator”, “stupid” and “a snitch”.
In May, there were two cases that exemplify the seriousness of the threats that women journalists receive online.
In Ukraine, journalist Darina Synytska was threatened with rape and kidnapping on Facebook. Responding to a post in which Andriy Knyazev, a resident of Poltava, accused Synytska of passing the personal information of activists, three Facebook users — Ruslan Zarubin, Vitaliy Soloniy, Danylo Plakhov — left threatening comments. Other users were urged to “disappear” the journalist. The journalist union for the region issued a statement of support and solidarity of Synytska, and pledged to monitor the police investigation of the incident. The threats followed Synytska's investigation of a conflict over a construction site in the centre of Poltava.
In The Netherlands, Loes Reijmer faced a storm of sexual harassment including threats of rape after a popular right-wing blog published her photo with the text: “Would you do her?” Reijmer had previously published critical columns about the controversial site GeenStijl, which has been routinely criticised for sexist content.
The GeenStijl post targeting Reijmer resulted in a public call on advertisers to stop advertising with the outlet backed by an open letter signed by over 100 women from the media and entertainment industries.
“Combating online threats against female journalists will remain at the top of my agenda as it is an integral part of the safety of journalists. There can be no freedom of the media without safety,” said the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media Harlem Désir.
“These cases highlight the seriousness of the threats women journalists face in the course of their work. These online campaigns are intended to silence and intimidate women who write critically. The solidarity of unions and a wider community reaction has been crucial in communicating that threats of sexual violence or otherwise are unacceptable,” Machlin said.
Conservative MP Ted Falk says he will not attend the first Pride Parade in Steinbach, Man., in July and is asking event organizers to respect his decision.
"I've been clear on this issue many times, and have made my position public on my values of faith, family and community," the member of Parliament for Provencher, a mainly rural riding in the southeast corner of Manitoba, said in an emailed statement Monday.
"I will not be attending the Pride march taking place in Steinbach on July 9, nor do I intend to participate in any other events organized by this group.
"Just as I respect the right of people to participate in this event, I am hopeful the event organizers will be respectful of my choice, and the choice of many others, not to participate. Even without a scheduling conflict, my decision to not attend would be the same."
Human rights 'trump everything'
Maria-Christine Bruce is the president of the Frog Follies Agricultural festival in St. Pierre-Jolys. She is calling on politicians to skip the event on July 9 and attend the Steinbach Pride parade instead. (CBC) The statement did not elaborate on the reasons Falk is not attending the city's first Pride parade. Some media reports said the MP was planning to attend the annual Frog Follies Agricultural Fair in St.-Pierre-Joly instead.
But organizers of that event, held the same week as Steinbach's Pride parade, say politicians should skip it and go to the parade instead.
"The politician being talked about the most right now is Ted Falk because he is the one who is attending our festival and is using that as a reason not to go to the Steinbach Pride parade," said Marie-Christine Bruce, president of Frog Follies.
Bruce said she wants people to attend the Frog Follies, but added she also recognizes the importance of the Pride parade.
"It's a historic event, it's for human rights, and human rights will trump everything," Bruce said.
"This is the very first time that Steinbach is having this kind of event, and it was definitely an uphill battle for organizers to put this in place," Bruce said.
"In light of the recent tragic massacre in Orlando, we just can't ignore an important event like the very first Pride event in any municipality, any town, anywhere right now." Bruce said.
Pride organizers in Steinbach welcomed Bruce's stance.
"We greatly value the support from the Frog Follies, it's really a beautiful display of support," said Michelle McHale, Pride spokeswoman in Steinbach.
Mayor, MLA also not attending
Michelle McHale, spokesperson for Pride Steinbach speaks to reporters at the Manitoba Legislature after question period Monday afternoon. (CBC) Steinbach Mayor Chris Goertzen and member of the legislature Kelvin Goertzen are not expected to attend the Pride event because of prior commitments.
McHale said the mayor told her he would write a letter of support for his city's LGBT community, but as of this morning she had not received it.
"It will be interesting to see what it's going to be," McHale said.
A CBC News request to the mayor's office for comment has not yet been returned.
Kelvin Goertzen, the Steinbach MLA and health minister, won't be at the Pride event.
"The minister is unable to attend due to a previous personal commitment," says an email from his office. A staff member in his office added the minister does not plan to attend the Frog Follies, either.
NDP, Liberal MLAs will be there
Interim NDP Leader Flor Marcelino is planning to attend Steinbach's Pride event. Her office said she has registered as a guest.
McHale attended question period at the Manitoba Legislature Monday afternoon, where Marcelino expressed her party's support for the LGBT community.
"Thank you Michelle McHale and everyone involved in organizing Steinbach's first Pride parade, we've come a long way, but there's still much work to be done." Marcelino said.
"We have registered for Pride and we'll see you in Steinbach on July 9," she said as she waved to McHale in the gallery.
After question period, McHale told reporters she is still disappointed by the statement made by Falk about how he won't attend any events organized by the LGBT community.
"First of all, I appreciate his honesty because that we can deal with, right? As long as we know, of course, it's disappointing," she said.
The Manitoba Liberals said their caucus will attend the event, which they call "a significant human rights milestone."
"The Liberal caucus along with [the] interim leader, party members and past candidates are looking forward to participating in celebration of this historical day," says a statement from the party.
A 52-year-old high-flying businessman was in a boardroom meeting when he suddenly fell unconscious. He had suffered a massive stroke, which left the right side of his body paralysed. After being on the ventilator for about 15 days in the ICU, he was shifted to a ward. Two weeks later, he was discharged on a wheelchair. While he had made some recovery, he couldn't walk without support, and had lost a lot of his memory and language skills. Neurologists had little hope that he could ever go back to work.
Gyanesh had been diagnosed with hypertension and diabetes eight years ago. Everybody in his household was concerned about the illnesses, except him.
He seldom visited doctors, because they gave him "big prescriptions and even bigger and bitter advice". What he hated most was their diktat to quit his age-old habit of smoking.
His business was growing, which only meant that he spent long hours at the office. He had no time to waste on futile things such as morning walks and exercises. He worked even on weekends, hardly took a break. To maintain social contacts, which were necessary for his business, he frequently attended late night parties and drank and dined with the who's who of the society.
He never took his medicines on time, which was the reason for constant fights with his wife.
.........
Brain stroke is the second-largest cause for death and the leading cause for serious disability and healthcare expenditure. One in every six persons may suffer a stroke in their lifetime.
The triad of poorly controlled hypertension, diabetes and smoking constitutes the most important risk factor for stroke in our country. Photo: Reuters
In Asian countries, including India, the disease is spreading in epidemic proportions, and the young population is getting affected more and more.
Surprisingly, 80 per cent of all strokes can be prevented.
The risk factors
The non-modifiable risk factors for stroke are age (risk increases with age), gender (men are more prone) and a family history of strokes.
Medical risk factors:
Hypertension: Needs to be identified early and controlled with lifestyle changes, a low-salt diet and medication. Diabetes: Needs to be identified and controlled with diet, exercise, and medications. TIAs (Transient Ischemic Attack): Mini strokes are subtle symptoms that can disappear within 24 hrs. They are sentinel warning signs and patients who get intervention at this stage can be spared a major stroke. Atrial Fibrillation: Symptomatic /asymptotic irregular beating of heart that can produce a clot, which is then pushed to the brain. Significant heart disease causing low ejection power of the heart. Valvular heart disease (like rheumatic heart disease) Critical Carotid stenosis: Narrowing of the blood vessels that supply the brain, can be detected by a simple Doppler Test. Obstructive sleep apnea: Excessive snoring, frequent spells of nocturnal awakenings due to airway obstruction, which leads to chronic sleep deprivation. Fibromuscular Dysplasia A previous stroke increases the risk of another stroke by 10 times.
Modifiable lifestyle risk factors one can control are:
Obesity Smoking Excess alcohol intake Sedentary lifestyle and lack of exercise Chronic stress Poor sleep pattern Unhealthy dietary habits
The triad of poorly controlled hypertension, diabetes and smoking constitutes the most important risk factor in our country. Interestingly, heart attacks and brain strokes share common risk factors.
To prevent:
Walk for at least 30 minutes (around 10, 000 steps every day)/do moderate exercises. Control hypertension and diabetes Watch your weight. Have a balanced diet of fresh fruits, vegetables, white meat and fish rich in omega-3 fatty acids. Keep fat intake low. Practise yoga or meditation to relieve stress and get your heart and the brain pipes (carotids) evaluated for a block
The most important steps in stroke management are early identification and early intervention.
How to recognise a stroke
The much propagated slogan world over, Time is Brain, implies that neurons are destroyed rapidly as a stroke progresses, and lays emphasis on early treatment.
The commonly used pneumonic for this is FAST -check for Facial asymmetry, drooping Arms, Speech difficulty, if these are affirmative, don't lose Time. Rush to the nearest stroke management-equipped center.
Acute stroke management
If referred to a centre equipped to treat strokes within the "golden period", which is 4.5 hours, many ischemic stroke patients can be saved.
The treatment of strokes has taken a paradigm shift in the Past two decades, with major advancements in drugs and interventional techniques. "Clot buster" drugs can be administered through the intravenous route, intra-arterial route and clots can be sucked out mechanically by catheters, depending on the case.
With highly advanced centres coming up with comprehensive after-stroke rehabilitation strategies, the care of stroke patients has taken a giant leap, improving the final outcome for patients manifold.
If we are "stroke smart", we can prevent it to a great extent. In the unfortunate eventuality of an attack, prudent and timely decisions can save us from a catastrophe.
Also read: The bad Omega fat you don't know about
By Frelorn
Episodic Content
By Jeff ‘MadeOfLions' Libby
Introduction
One of LOTRO's defining features (and indeed a defining feature of all the MMOs we have developed) has been the steady release of updates and patches that expand the game in every direction. There have been more than thirty major updates to LOTRO over its history, adding new regions, new dungeons, new quests, and new stories to the world of Middle-earth. The release of a new update sees us excitedly checking the chat in-game and reading the forums to see what players think of the new content and to get ideas for the next update. And then we put our heads down and get to work on everything to include in the next one.
The release of a major update is incredibly exciting for us (and I hope for you as well!), but over the past few years we found ourselves wondering if there were ways to maintain that excitement level even between updates.
LOTRO has an incredible amount of content available by now, but since the game has been around for so long there has been enough time for our most loyal and long-standing players to have seen all or most of it, sometimes on multiple characters. When you have been living in Middle-earth for that long (either as a developer or as a player!) something new and unexpected really stands out. So how can we surprise players with something new?
That Between-Updates Feeling
One of the ways we tried to add new content in-between updates was by creating seasonal festival content. This gave us a number of events to activate during the periods between major updates, and the seasonal themes provided some fun avenues for rewards. These have a lot of flavor (the Harvest Festival's Haunted Burrow is my favorite), but again, some of these festivals have been around for years and years.
PvMP is one area where the excitement level remains high between updates, by virtue of its dynamic nature. The Ettenmoors aren't always overflowing, but this is an area where much of the fun is player-created. The battles can be different every night, which has always contributed to the longevity of that Freeps and Creeps battleground.
But what if you aren't into PvMP and you have already experienced each of the seasonal festivals time and time again? What can we do to provide something new and interesting in-between major updates? One possible answer was hiding in plain sight: every Monday morning, groups of developers would gather in the Content Pit to talk about the previous evening's TV. We would discuss the latest developments on Game of Thrones , True Detective , and on Thursday mornings, one of my favorites: Survivor . (Don't judge me! It's a great show!) What if we could recapture some of the essence of these lively post-event conversations?
Like a TV show, it would require something new to happen every week, rather than on our current schedule of three or four times a year. This isn't really how we've operated. Can we even make this happen? As we investigated the feasibility of attempting such an event, the tale, as they say, grew in the telling...
The Ballad of Bingo Boffin
And so was born 'The Ballad of Bingo Boffin,' a very long story involving the various adventures that befall a mostly-ordinary hobbit of the Shire. Unlike the Epic Story, which is told in large chunks that appear every three or four months, Bingo's story will unfold more gradually: a new quest in his story will appear every single Wednesday... for a year. If you decide to befriend Bingo Boffin and help him with his adventure, you'll have fifty-two weeks of new questing ahead of you.
In order to make Bingo's adventure accessible to everyone, there are a few important points to note:
+ 'The Ballad of Bingo Boffin' is intended to be a soloable experience, there won't be any sessionplays, and I'll try to keep the forced-solo sections to a minimum.
+ Bingo's first quest is Level 8, and begins outside his hobbit-hole in Michel Delving. At the end of each week's quest, the recommended level of next week's quest will be displayed (along with its name; it's a preview of sorts), so if you'd like you can level up in the interim. I plan on making a new character to follow along with Bingo at the appropriate level, but I'll also bring my higher-level guys through to crush it. I think both approaches are fine!
+ If you miss a week of Bingo, don't worry! Once his quest for a particular week becomes available, it'll be available for anyone who has progressed the quest chain to that point. So if you play through Bingo's first three weeks of quests, after the fourth week you'll be able to pick up his fourth quest whenever you want. One year after Bingo's adventure begins, you could theoretically play through all fifty-two weeks of the chain all at once. That's like choosing to binge-watch an entire series on Netflix, and if you want to you can... but I hope you'll play along instead of sitting out for the year.
+ We've been hard at work on Bingo's adventure behind-the-scenes for awhile now, and some eagle-eyed observers have already seen some evidence of it. We won't need to bring the servers down in order to advance Bingo from week to week. Much of the magic for making this happen is already there, waiting for the appropriate moment to set the adventure in motion!
+ Did I mention that 'The Ballad of Bingo Boffin' is free?
I hope you enjoy meeting Bingo and helping him out on his long, strange adventure, and that the experience is a fun one. I hope that you find it a rewarding storyline, but also that you enjoy the many rewards your characters can obtain. And that's where Bert Bartleby comes in.
Bert Bartleby, Bingo Badge Barterer
By completing Bingo's quests, you'll receive a new barter token: Bingo Badges. You can exchange these with a curious individual named Bert Bartleby, who has wandered the wild lands of Middle-earth and accumulated a vast array of interesting and useful curios. You'll find Bert in an increasing number of places as Bingo's adventure progresses, and at each new location he will have a new selection of rewards to exchange for your Bingo Badges.
Bert provides another useful service. If you lose track of where to find Bingo on any given week, you can talk to Bert at any of his locations to learn where to find the adventurous hobbit that week.
Conclusion
We've never tried to make episodic content on such a rapid release schedule before, so this is exciting for us on many levels. But I think Bingo Boffin has an interesting tale to tell, and I hope you enjoy experiencing it for yourself alongside Bingo over the course of the next year!
BRUSSELS/MADRID (Reuters) - The European Commission threw Spain, the latest frontline in Europe's debt war, two potential lifelines on Wednesday, offering more time to reduce its budget deficit and direct aid from a euro zone rescue fund to recapitalize distressed banks.
The European Union flag is pictured in a window reflecting a street in London, October 26, 2011. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Spanish government borrowing costs lurched higher and the Madrid stock market hit a nine-year low with investors rattled by the parlous state of its banking sector fleeing to the relative haven of German bonds.
EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn said Brussels was ready to give Spain an extra year until 2014 to bring its deficit down to the EU limit of 3 percent of gross domestic product if Madrid presents a solid two-year budget plan for 2013-14, something it has committed to do.
The concession, which Madrid has not publicly requested, was on condition that Spain effectively reins in overspending by its autonomous regions, makes further financial sector reforms and recapitalizes its troubled banks.
While the Commission is responsible for proposing laws, it is member states that decide whether to adopt them.
EU paymaster Germany has so far firmly opposed any collective European banking resolution and guarantee system or any use of bailout funds without a country having to submit to a politically humiliating EU/IMF austerity program.
Rehn said there were no grounds for giving Italy a similar extension to balance its budget, due in 2013, since unlike Spain its economy is forecast to start growing again next year.
In an economic policy document which laid out some of the dramatic policy proposals which analysts say are needed to tackle the debt crisis, the European Union's executive arm said the vicious circle of weak banks and heavily indebted states lending to each other must be broken and called for a banking union in the euro zone.
Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said tighter euro zone integration could include a joint bank deposit guarantee scheme to prevent a bank run and euro area financial supervision, saying the mood had changed since member states unanimously rejected a joint deposit guarantee fund only months ago.
“In the same vein, to sever the link between banks and the sovereigns, direct recapitalization by the ESM (European Stability Mechanism) might be envisaged,” the report said.
Permitting the ESM to lend directly to banks would require a change to a treaty in the midst of ratification by member states that might come too late for Spain's needs. Spanish premier Mariano Rajoy backs the idea but Rehn appeared cool to it.
“Direct disbursements to banks are not foreseen as such in the treaty, and therefore this is not an available option ... in terms of direct recapitalization,” Rehn told reporters.
Spain's banking woes - the result of a burst property bubble aggravated by recession - have combined with growing uncertainty about Greece's survival in the euro zone to reignite Europe's sovereign debt crisis. That drove the euro to a two-year low below $1.2450, while European shares also fell after Italy had to pay heavily to sell bonds.
Madrid said its bank rescue fund would issue bonds to inject funds into nationalized lender Bankia, but that looks expensive with 10-year borrowing costs at 6.65 percent near their euro era peak and close to levels at which Ireland and Greece were forced to seek international bail-outs.
Investors unnerved by Spain's deepening financial crunch pushed Italy's funding costs sharply higher at a bond sale, with 10-year yields topping 6 percent for the first time since January.
HEIGHTENED ANXIETY
In a sign of heightened anxiety in Washington, top U.S. Treasury official Lael Brainard was dispatched to hold talks in Greece, Germany, Spain and France “to discuss their plans for achieving economic stability and growth in Europe”, the Treasury Department said.
Barroso said Europe's G8 partners, at a summit in the United States 10 days ago, had asked the euro zone to go further with financial and economic integration.
A sudden economic deterioration in Europe would pose a serious threat to the U.S. economy and hence to President Barack Obama's re-election prospects in November.
Rajoy has insisted his government has no intention of seeking an EU/IMF bailout either for its banks or for the state.
But the abrupt resignation of Bank of Spain Governor Miguel Angel Fernandez Ordonez on Tuesday, a month before his term was due to end, added to doubts about the handling of the Bankia crisis and relations with European institutions.
Highlighting Spain's difficulty in meeting fiscal targets while gripped by a deep recession, the outgoing central bank chief said tax revenue may fall short of government estimates and spending may be higher than expected.
He recommended bringing forward a rise in value-added tax set for 2013 if the deficit objective goes off track this year.
In its country report on Spain, the Commission said the latest banking reform presented this month did not go far enough and needed to be strengthened to include provisioning on mortgages and lending to small businesses.
It also warned that unless policies are changed, Spain's debt will spiral to 100 pct of GDP by 2020. Madrid had one of the lowest debt ratios in the euro zone before the crisis at about 35 percent of GDP.
GREECE IN BACKGROUND
Less than three weeks before a crucial second general election that may determine whether Greece stays in the 17-nation currency area, Greeks were warned by their biggest bank that they face economic catastrophe if they leave the euro.
Living standards would plummet, incomes would be slashed by more than half, and inflation and unemployment would skyrocket, the National Bank of Greece said.
The outcome of the election was thrown into doubt on Wednesday when a poll suggested the anti-bailout SYRIZA party would win, contradicting six previous forecasts.
The worries about Spain and Greece have hit efforts by other trouble euro zone countries to emerge from their own debt woes.
The Irish vote in a referendum on a European budget discipline treaty on Thursday which is seen as a precondition for receiving further EU/IMF aid.
Opinion polls forecast a solid win for the “Yes” camp, but Ireland's hopes of returning to bond markets late next year as a reward for textbook implementation of an austerity program have been clouded by wider uncertainty in the euro zone.
Safe-haven German bond yields hit a record low as worries about Spanish banks intensified while Spain's benchmark IBEX stock index, which is down 28 percent this year, fell 2 percent after hitting a new nine-year low earlier in the session.
This has become the week of unearthed skeletons for Toronto's mayoral candidates, starting with a series of revelations from Rob Ford's campaign. The
Post'
s Megan O'Toole asked other candidates to confess their own worst moments:
Asked if anything else may emerge to derail his campaign after a series of explosive revelations this week, Mr. Ford smirked. “I might have been late in Grade 1 or Grade 2,” he said. “I might not have done my homework back in Grade 3.”
Mr. Ford has a history of making politically incorrect gaffes, but his criminal past came into sharp focus this week after a local newspaper confronted him with evidence of a 1999 marijuana possession charge. As it turns out, he was also convicted of a DUI offence in Florida at the same time, which he says was linked to his failure to provide a breath sample after Miami police pulled his car over. Mr. Ford was also charged twice with assault, once for a hockey fight as a teen and once after an incident with his wife two years ago, although charges were later dropped.
Sarah Thomson
Shortly after Mr. Ford's past run-ins with the law became public fodder, Sarah Thomson volunteered details of her own brush with authorities. Her campaign released a statement outlining a decade-old incident that led to assault charges against Ms. Thomson. She calls it her worst moment, and believes in light of the Ford revelations, this was an opportune time it make it public. Ms. Thomson says that in 1999, she called police to complain about a disgruntled employee who was caught stealing. “She grabbed me, I grabbed her, it was one of those things,” Ms. Thomson said. “She had been trying to stop me from going and calling the police.” The employee filed assault charges against Ms. Thomson, but they were not proceeded with by the Crown.
Joe Pantalone
Continuing with the anti-Ford sentiment that has dominated discourse this week, Joe Pantalone, through a spokesman, said the worst thing he had ever done was “vote the same way as Rob Ford…. I think it's only happened once.” Later, at a seniors' event in Don Mills, Mr. Pantalone struggled unsuccessfully to dredge up any other skeletons from his past. “I always led a hard-working, clean life. That's why after almost 30 years of public service, there's been no controversy of any significance which has affected me,” he said. “I work hard, I know what I'm doing and I don't get into trouble because it's not me.” The only drugs he has tried are “the ones that are legal,” though Mr. Pantalone did pick up smoking for the first two years after he was first elected. He quickly realized the error of his ways and quit: “I'm boring that way.”
Rocco Rossi
Rocco Rossi has never been arrested, but freely admits to having tried illicit drugs. “As a kid trying to impress a girl and prove that I wasn't a moral egghead, I had a puff or two of a joint at a party,” Mr. Rossi said. “It's the stupidity of youth, and that's it.” Other than the solitary toke, Mr. Rossi's campaign offered up no other misdeeds, besides a couple of traffic tickets for parking and speeding. Mr. Rossi says the speeding tickets were not particularly serious: “I might have lost a point or two, whatever it is, but it's nothing crazy.” In one of his typical bon mots, Mr. Rossi touted himself as the mayoral option “with no drama, and a lot of dramatic results.”
George Smitherman
George Smitherman did not return messages on Friday requesting comment on his own darkest hour, but in 2006 he publicly admitted past addiction problems. For five years in the early 1990s, Mr. Smitherman says, he fought an addiction to illegal drugs that were part of the “Toronto party scene.” He has said he was dealing with the illness and death of his father when the addiction developed, but the realization that he was wasting his life — coupled with his desire to seek public office — spurred him to quit. He sought help from a psychiatrist and, when he broke the news four years ago, said he had not used “party drugs” since. “I feel like I've closed the door on it,” Mr. Smitherman told local media at the time.
Mohandas K. Gandhi was no fan of the pomp and pageantry of Viceroy's House (now Rashtrapati Bhavan). He would rather have converted it into a hospital. However, his views would change—as Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins note in their celebrated book Freedom At Midnight—upon seeing the transformation of Viceroy's House into a centre for managing the murderous migration that Partition had unleashed. He declared to Louis Mountbatten, the first governor general of independent India: “Here is where India is governed from. This is the sanctuary in the storm. We must keep it up and all your successors must live here."
While much of the colonial-era glory still remains, Rashtrapati Bhavan today is definitely not the place India is governed from. It houses the president, who serves as the titular head of the government of India and acts on the advice of the council of ministers. The power of the indirectly elected president increases suddenly when there is no leader who enjoys a clear majority in the lower house of Parliament. It is in those moments that Rashtrapati Bhavan is supposed to be “the sanctuary in the storm". But those are also the times when the president's assertive—and possibly partisan—behaviour may raise questions of propriety and constitutionality. Later this month, Rashtrapati Bhavan will welcome a new president; this is an appropriate occasion to briefly revisit the history of the office.
Presidents have been criticized for two contrasting sins: 1) being a rubber stamp for the government of the day, and 2) exploiting constitutional ambiguities to exercise greater influence than their position warrants. The most egregious example of the first trait was president Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed (1974-77) signing prime minister Indira Gandhi's Proclamation of Emergency on the night of 25 June 1975. The sycophancy of president Zail Singh (1982-87) knew no bounds; after being nominated by Indira Gandhi, he said: “If she hands me a broom I shall start sweeping the floor." While the president has the power to return the cabinet's recommendation at least once for reconsideration—he/she is bound to give assent to the reconsidered recommendation with or without any change—not many chose to exercise it for a long time when the Central governments routinely abused their powers to dismiss unfriendly state governments.
The behaviour on the other side of the spectrum—presidents asserting their own powers under questionable pretexts—did increase in the coalition era (1989-2014), when no single party could boast of a comfortable majority in the Lok Sabha. The tenure of K.R. Narayanan (1997-2002) was especially eventful. Narayanan won praise for becoming the first president in 1997 to return the I.K. Gujral government's recommendation to impose president's rule in Uttar Pradesh but he also courted controversy for giving speeches and interviews which could be legitimately interpreted as criticism of the policies of the succeeding Atal Bihari Vajpayee government. In another instance, Narayanan chose the state banquet held in the honour of visiting US president Bill Clinton to criticize Washington for behaving like a “headman" of the “global village".
The role of presidents has come under special scrutiny at times of transition between governments. Singh's decision to invite Rajiv Gandhi to take over as prime minister after Indira Gandhi's assassination was seen as firm leadership by some and as an overreach by others. President Neelam Sanjiva Reddy (1977-82) calling fresh elections on the advice of Charan Singh, a prime minister who had himself not won the trust vote in the Lok Sabha, was seen by several observers as an attempt by the former to increase his own powers as the election was expected to return a hung house. In different accounts, admittedly with little evidence, both president S. Radhakrishnan (1962-67) and president R. Venkataraman (1987-92) have been accused of planning to get themselves into the prime minister's seat.
The confusion regarding the scope of presidential powers is as old as the office of the president itself. India's first president, Rajendra Prasad (1950-62), often used to complain—as Fali Nariman writes in his book The State Of The Nation—“to Minoo Masani, his friend and a compatriot in the Constituent Assembly, that (Jawaharlal) Nehru did not allow him to exercise the powers which he was sure he had under the document they together had got passed in the Constituent Assembly".
Most of the doubts Prasad had were cleared in the years that followed but some constitutional questions still remain. In a chapter on “The Presidency" in Rethinking Public Institutions In India (edited by Devesh Kapur, Pratap Bhanu Mehta and Milan Vaishnav), James Manor notes that a decision taken by the incumbent President Pranab Mukherjee (2012-present) in January 2017 could have triggered a constitutional crisis had the Narendra Modi government decided to confront him. Mukherjee commuted the death sentence of four convicts against, apparently, the reiterated advice of the Union ministry of home affairs. He was possibly influenced by a 2014 Supreme Court ruling that allows for commutation of death sentence if a mercy petition has faced inordinate delays.
The constitutional ambiguities allow “the sanctuary in the storm" to turn into—in H.N. Pandit's words—a “quiescent volcano". The next incumbent should be ready to navigate similarly tricky situations.
Should the president be allowed greater flexibility in uncertain times? Tell us at views@livemint.com
IBM will sell the semiconductor technologies unit that makes its Power processors to GlobalFoundries, paying the chip manufacturer about $1.3 billion to take two factories off its hands in a move to save money.
Like many old-school tech companies IBM has struggled to find its feet in a world where mobile devices and cloud services are becoming increasingly important. The company is under pressure to cut costs as well as find ways to halt falling revenues.
The deal with GlobalFoundries and the sale of its server business to Lenovo falls into the first category. In a bid a to get a better foothold in the growing mobile enterprise sector, the company announced a partnership with Apple in July. As part of the deal IBM will develop iOS apps that integrate with its big data and analytics services and promote iPhones and iPads.
The last nine months have been a time of change for GlobalFoundries, as well. In January, it announced former Motorola Mobility boss Sanjay Jha had been appointed as the company's new Chief Executive Officer, highlighting its growing interest in mobile devices.
Since then it has signed a licensing deal with Samsung on chipsets for mobile devices as well as deals on wearables and automotive. Together those three areas are expected to help propel growth over the next couple of year for GlobalFoundries and its competitors.
Under Monday's deal, GlobalFoundries will take over IBM's existing semiconductor manufacturing operations and facilities in East Fishkill, New York, and Essex Junction, Vermont, the companies said in a joint statement on Monday. GlobalFoundries is also getting “thousands of patents, making it the holder of one of the largest semiconductor patent portfolios in the world,” according to the statement.
The deal seems to have been in the works for some time, and isn't surprising as the chip market has become increasingly competitive, making it difficult for IBM to keep up. Reports of a deal surfaced this summer, but it was never finalized due the price tag. IBM was offering $1 billion to take over the factories, but GlobalFoundries wanted $2 billion, according to a Bloomberg report.
IBM is now expected to pay GlobalFoundries $1.5 billion in cash over the next three years. That sum will be adjusted by the amount of working capital, estimated to be $200 million, according to the statement.
IBM will still invest $3 billion over five years in semiconductor technology research, the results of which GlobalFoundries will have “primary” access to.
GlobalFoundries will also provide employment opportunities for substantially all IBM employees at the two facilities who are part of the transferred businesses, except for a team of semiconductor server group employees who will remain with IBM. Exactly how many GlobalFoundries will hire wasn't immediately clear.
As part of the deal, GlobalFoundries will become IBM's exclusive server processor provider for 22 nanometer, 14nm and 10nm chipsets for the next 10 years. IBM sold its x86 servers to Lenovo, but kept System z mainframes, Power Systems and Power-based Flex servers.
GlobalFoundries is based in Silicon Valley and has about 13,000 employees. It is owned by Advanced Technology Investment Company (ATIC), which is a part of the Abu Dhabi government's Mubadala Development investment arm.
Day care operators jailed after children are found in shed Children found in day care's shed
Sealy facility's operators arrested
Officials reported finding children hidden in this shed Wednesday at a Sealy in-home day care. ﻿Gasoline, lawn equipment and insecticides were inside. Officials don't know how often this happened. Officials reported finding children hidden in this shed Wednesday at a Sealy in-home day care. ﻿Gasoline, lawn equipment and insecticides were inside. Officials don't know how often this happened. Photo: Smiley N. Pool, Chronicle Photo: Smiley N. Pool, Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Day care operators jailed after children are found in shed 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Josh Romo wondered why his 2-year-old daughter sometimes dreaded going to her day care in Sealy. “Now we know,” he said Thursday after hearing news that state child welfare officials reported they found children stashed in a shed Wednesday at the Sealy in-home day care operation. His daughter was among the children in the shed.
“That lady's going to hate me when she sees me,” the 31-year-old father said about one of the day care center's owners. “Lock 'em up.”
The children — locked in the storage shed with gasoline, lawn equipment and insecticides — appear to be unharmed, Sealy police said.
Freddie Patek and his wife, Marietta Patek, both 65, who operate the facility, have been charged and are being held at the county jail, said Austin County District Attorney Travis Koehn.
Koehn said he is uncertain if keeping children in a shed and other areas of the house was common practice at the facility. However, Koehn added that the child welfare inspectors were not allowed immediate access to the home.
14 children found
Koehn said that Freddie Patek is charged with tampering with physical evidence because he hid the children and Marietta Patek is charged with six counts of endangering a child.
“It's really, really frightening about what could have happened,” said Gwen Carter, spokeswoman for Texas Child Protective Services.
Officials said a concerned person Wednesday alerted the department that too many children were at the facility.
When department investigators visited the home, they found children inside a shed, in the backyard and several rooms in the home, Carter said.
Carter said that about 14 children — toddlers to preteens — were found at the facility, which is licensed to care for only three children at a time.
None injured
Paramedics examined the children and found them to be uninjured.
The children's parents were called to pick them up, and the facility was shut down pending the outcome of an investigation, Carter said.
Parents told investigators that the Pateks did not let them look inside the home, Carter said.
The inquiry could take up to 30 days.
Carter said Marietta Patek once was registered to run a day care center at her home that could care for up to 12 children.
She closed that operation in 2001.
In 2003, she opened what was supposed to be a smaller-scale day care operation.
Neighbors defend them
Outside the large shuttered house in a leafy neighborhood, neighbors said that the Pateks have taken care of kids for decades.
Some called them foul-tempered, but others said they were pillars of the community.
“They're model citizens,” said Lana Gregor, who said she's known the family for more than 30 years. “They're very hard workers and a credit to this place.”
Gregor and another neighbor, Sharla Bell, said they've let the Pateks take care of their children.
At the Twisted Willow Floral Shop a few miles away, owner Lynette Lee said stuffing children in a shed was a “poor choice.” But, she added, she wasn't mad at the Pateks, despite the fact that her infant niece was one of those found in the shed.
“I'm sure she was just trying to protect her livelihood, hiding them from CPS' eyes,” Lee said, “but they're good people.”
dale.lezon@chron.com
moises.mendoza@chron.com
ONE BY ONE the students rose in the auditorium, shouting and drowning out a lecture by Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren last year at the University of California at Irvine.
"Michael Oren, you are a war criminal!" yelled one student, as a group of others cheered him on.
"Michael Oren, propagating murder is not an expression of free speech!" shouted another minutes later.
Eleven students in all, many of them members of the school's Muslim Student Union, offered obnoxious - and as the evening wore on, infuriating - interruptions that thwarted Mr. Oren's ability to piece together more than a few sentences. This is not the first time the student union has been embroiled in controversy. A sponsor of the campus's annual Palestinian Awareness Week, the group has hosted speakers who have compared Israel to Nazi Germany and accused the country of carrying out a "holocaust" against Palestinians.
Yet during Mr. Oren's speech, no threats were uttered, no violence ensued and each of the protesters appeared to exit the hall without resistance when campus security approached.
The university suspended the Muslim Student Union from campus for the fall semester; each of the offending Irvine students was disciplined. (The university declines to provide details because of federal privacy rights.) Yet the Irvine 11 - as they have become known - now face criminal misdemeanor charges for "conspiracy to disturb a meeting" and one misdemeanor count of "disturbance of a meeting." According to the prosecutor's office, each student could face up to six months in jail, if convicted.
In a Feb. 4 news release announcing the charges, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas asserted that the students' actions represented "a clear violation of the law and failing to bring charges against this conduct would amount to a failure to uphold the Constitution." Not true. Prosecutors make judgments all the time about whether justice would be served by trying particular cases. These types of disruptions are most frequently not prosecuted unless they result in threats or physical violence.
Mr. Rackauckas has made his point; he should now use the power of his office wisely, give the students a warning and drop the charges. The protesters, too, have much to learn. Some have characterized the episode as trampling on the students' free-speech rights. That would have been the case had police officers tried to keep them from picketing outside of the auditorium during Mr. Oren's visit. That is not what happened. Instead, the students abused their privileges in an attempt to squelch the free-speech rights of others.
Biological concept
In biological taxonomy, race is an informal rank in the taxonomic hierarchy, below the level of subspecies. It has been used as a higher rank than strain, with several strains making up one race.[1][2] Various definitions exist. Races may be genetically distinct populations of individuals within the same species,[3] or they may be defined in other ways, e.g. geographically, or physiologically.[4] Genetic isolation between races is not complete, but genetic differences may have accumulated that are not (yet) sufficient to separate species.[5] The term is recognized by some, but not governed by any, of the formal codes of biological nomenclature.
Other terms [ edit ]
In botany, the Latin words stirps and proles were traditionally used, and proles was recommended in the first botanical Code of Nomenclature, published in 1868.[6]
Definitional approaches [ edit ]
Races are defined according to any identifiable characteristic, including gene frequencies.[7] "Race differences are relative, not absolute".[7] Adaptive differences that distinguish races can accumulate even with substantial gene flow and clinal (rather than discrete) habitat variation.[8]
The term race has also historically been used in relation to domesticated animals, as another term for breed;[3] this usage survives in combining form, in the term landrace, also applied to domesticated plants. The cognate words for race in many languages (Spanish: raza; German: Rasse; French: race) may convey meanings the English word does not, and are frequently used in the sense of 'domestic breed'.[16]
Distinguishing from other taxonomic ranks [ edit ]
If the races are sufficiently different or if they have been tested to show little genetic connection regardless of phenotype, two or more groups/races can be identified as subspecies or (in botany, mycology, and phycology) another infraspecific rank), and given a name. Ernst Mayr wrote that a subspecies can be "a geographic race that is sufficiently different taxonomically to be worthy of a separate name."[17][18]
Study of populations preliminarily labelled races may sometimes lead to classification of a new species. For example, in 2008, two populations of the brown planthopper (Nilaparvata lugens) in the Philippines, one adapted to feeding on rice, and another on Leersia hexandra grass, were reclassified from races into "two distinct, but very closely allied, sympatric species", based on poor survival rate when given the opposite food source, barriers to hybridization between the populations, uniform preference for mating between members of the same population, differences in mating sounds, oviposition variances, and other distinguishable characteristics.[11]
For pathogenic bacteria adapted to particular hosts, races can be formally named as pathovars. For parasitic organisms governed by the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants, the term forma specialis (plural formae speciales) is used.
In mycology and phytopathology [ edit ]
Classification of fungal microbes into races is done frequently in mycology, the study of fungi, and especially in phytopathology, the study of plant diseases, which are often fungal. The term "physiologic race" was recommended for use over "biologic form" at the International Botanical Congress of 1935. Although historically the term has been used inconsistently by plant pathologists, the modern trend is to use race to refer to "groups of host genotypes permitting characterization of virulence"[19] (in simpler terms: grouping the parasitic fungi into races based on how strongly they affect particular host plants).
Commercial Cucumis melo (cantaloupe and muskmelon) production, for example, has been engaged in a biological "arms race", since 1925, against cucurbit powdery mildew, caused by successively arising races of Podosphaera xanthii fungus, with new cultivars of melons being developed for resistance to these pathogens.[13][20]
A 2004 literature review of this issue concluded that "race identification is important for basic research and is especially important for the commercial seed industry", but was seen as having little utility in horticulture for choosing specific cultivars, because of the rapidity with which the local pathogen population can change geographically, seasonally, and by host plant.[13]
Classification of fungal races can be difficult because host plants' responses to particular populations of fungi can be affected by humidity, light, temperature, and other environmental factors; different host plants may not all respond to particular fungal populations or vice versa; and identification of genetic differences between populations thought to form distinct fungal races can be elusive.[13]
See also [ edit ]
FLINT, Mich. (AP) — A Canadian man shouted in Arabic before stabbing a police officer in the neck at the Flint airport on Wednesday, and referenced people being killed overseas during the attack that's now being investigated as an act of terrorism, federal officials said.
Amor Ftouhi, 49, of Quebec, was immediately taken into custody. A criminal complaint charging him with committing violence at an airport, a 20-year penalty, says Ftouhi asked an officer who subdued him why the officer didn't kill him.
The attack is being investigated as an act of terrorism, but authorities have no indication at this time that he was involved in a “wider plot,” said FBI Special Agent in Charge David Gelios.
“At this time we view him as a lone-wolf attacker,” Gelios said. “We have no information to suggest any training.”
The criminal complaint says Ftouhi stabbed Lt. Jeff Neville with a large knife after yelling “Allahu akbar,” the Arabic phrase for “God is great.” According to the FBI, Ftouhi said something similar to “you have killed people in Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan, and we are all going to die.”
Neville was in satisfactory condition after undergoing surgery for a stab wound to his neck and initially being in critical condition, airport police Chief Chris Miller said at a late afternoon news conference where the charges were announced.
The attack around 9:45 a.m. at Bishop International Airport prompted an evacuation and extra security elsewhere in the Michigan city about 50 miles northwest of Detroit. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said President Donald Trump was briefed on the stabbing.
Gelios said Ftouhi legally entered the U.S. at Champlain, New York, on June 16 and made his way to the Flint airport on Wednesday morning.
Ftouhi spent some time in public, unsecured areas of the airport before going to a restroom where he dropped two bags before attacking the officer with a 12-inch knife that had an 8-inch serrated blade, Gelios said.
Ftouhi never went through any security screening, Gelios said. He described Ftouhi as “cooperative” and talking to investigators.
Witnesses described seeing the suspect being led away as Neville was bleeding, a knife on the ground. Officials called this a traumatic incident but also commended the passersby who rushed to the aide of Neville, as well as the law enforcement.
“The cop was on his hands and knees bleeding from his neck,” Ken Brown told The Flint Journal. “I said they need to get him a towel.”
Cherie Carpenter, who was awaiting a flight to Texas to see her new grandchild, told Flint TV station WJRT she saw the attacker being led away in handcuffs. She described the man in custody as appearing “blank, just totally blank.”
Miller, the airport chief, said Neville “fought him to the end,” managing to stop the stabbing and bring Ftouhi to the ground as Miller and other officers arrived to help.
Genesee County Commissioner Mark Young, a friend of Neville's who retired from the Genesee County sheriff's office in 1997, said Neville left that department two years after him. He said Neville served in various capacities with the sheriff's office including in the jail, on road patrol and as a court officer. Neville retired from that department as a lieutenant.
Young said he headed to the airport when he learned about the stabbing Wednesday.
“Things were chaotic, but very well organized and under control — how the sheriff's department was handling things and how Bishop International was handling things,” he said.
A few miles away, officials stationed police officers at Flint City Hall after the incident. Mayor Karen Weaver said in a release the situation was “under control” but that officials sought to take “extra precautions.”
One of the things my therapist told me I think on like, the second session, was that he thought I should see a psychiatrist too, and start on some medication.
I remember being flabbergasted that he would suggest it so nonchalantly. It was right at the end of a session, and I was like, wait, can we slow down and discuss the merits of this decision over the following like, what, one or two decades? I just assumed that drugs were such an extreme thing to do, and could have a crazy impact on what made me, well, me. Besides which, I didn't even really understand the difference between a psychiatrist and a therapist (of which some still are psychologists- the whole damn thing is fucking confusing, and I think that plays a large part in why some people avoid seeking treatment. Anyway, a psychiatrist can prescribe and discuss medications, therapists do the more the “traditional” therapy you see on TV. Although all of them can kind of be all of the others, or none of the others, or some mixture. It's confusing. tl;dr if you're still confused: do what I did and start with a therapist, and he or she will definitely be able to help you out if you need a referral for specialization from there.)
Anyway, drugs. I find it kind of darkly amusing in retrospect that, ahem, some people will snort, chug, or smoke anything put in front of them as long as it's between the hours of 11pm Friday - 5am Saturday, but when it comes to taking “actual” drugs they start getting cold feet. You're changing your brain chemistry either way, and depending on the drug, sometimes permanently. So yeah, it's worth having some concern about, of course, but presumably you're at the point where you're looking to make a permanent change anyway. I won't be as pithy as to trot out the oft-quoted David Foster Wallace passage on suicide and burning buildings, but he has a point. Sometimes it's easier to jump, even if the change is permanent.
I'm really, really, really lucky. I can't really stress that enough. Therapy worked well for me, and in combination with the correct medication for me, things started dramatically changing in a matter of a month or three. I know this, because one of my friends was put on the exact same medication almost the exact same day for anxiety and we compared notes daily at first, then weekly, then after a month or two. I had fairly minimal side effects and was mostly seeing upside, but she was seeing all of the side effects that I just hadn't seen at all. She eventually tapered off it (a process which unfortunately also can be less-than-stellar) and had to try something else.
So yeah, there's a risk. And for some people, drugs just don't work for them. Or therapy just doesn't work for them. Some people are luckier than others and their brain just eats those new chemicals up and things change dramatically.
That was me. After slowly tapering up over a month or so, I hit a good dose for me: still on the low end of a therapeutical dose, so if I needed it I could luckily crank it up higher later on, but still high enough for me to feel a marked improvement.
I started feeling happy.
Things didn't bother me as much. I become more productive. I did more things. Saw more people. Enjoyed more things.
I get why some people are worried about meds “taking over” and losing your true self, but I also know that the reverse can be true: I don't think I was actually myself until starting about a year ago, a few months after I started therapy and drugs. Like… literally never, not in my adult life. I was always in a fog, and was always trying to make up for the signals that my brain was misfiring. Life became crisp and clear now. It was like getting your first pair of glasses. I mean, I'm assuming. My eyes are also turning to shit, so I should probably do something about that too sometime.
I went on the medium-level dose for about nine months and slowly started tapering off. I didn't have many side effects, but the minor ones I had were worth seeing if I could go without. I tapered for something like three months, and took my last tiny dose last week. I'm still getting the occasional “brain shocks” some people get with withdrawal, but should be fairly free and clear in another week or so.
I would have been fine staying on it longer, and indeed I know some people will take medications for years, sometimes their whole life. I'm just giving you one data point here- the important thing to realize that it is one data point, and there's no right answer. Everyone's different, and everyone has different tradeoffs and motivations. Literally all that matters is that you're a happier human, and fuck everything else.
There's an argument that cycling gets a disproportionate share of attention compared to other modes with much greater use like walking and public transport. But it's not really a puzzle.
In their 20102 analysis of the journey to work, Transport Policy at the Crossroads: Travel to work in Australian capital cities 1976-2011, Paul Mees and Lucy Groenhart noted that “cycling is of negligible importance” for commuting and “higher cycling rates are usually accompanied by lower walking rates”.
They went on to say:
Cycling receives much more attention from policymakers than walking, even though it plays a much smaller role in the journey to work: one possible reason is that cycling is by far the most male-dominated transport mode, reflecting the gender composition of the transport planning profession.
I agree that cycling currently gets more policy and media focus than walking when it comes to commuting. But I think there are more straightforward explanations than the one advanced by the authors.
The key one is Australian cities already have a massive historical legacy of segregated walking infrastructure – primarily footpaths or nature strips – so the “catch up” we're seeing with cycling infrastructure isn't anywhere near as pressing. (1)
Moreover new suburbs in Australia are constructed with dedicated footpaths on both sides of streets as a matter of course. Commuters can walk to the bus stop or station without sharing road space; at busy intersections they have access to specialised crossings and/or traffic signals. (2)
With only a few exceptions, our footpaths also have a lot of capacity. They were sized with other attributes in mind besides walking; like separation between buildings and room for landscaping.
When it comes to walking we're a bit like Amsterdam is cycling; there's room for improvement at the margin – particularly in how we manage what we've got – but the basic infrastructure and policy commitment is already there.
Another explanation is walking simply doesn't demand as much of infrastructure as more specialised, mechanised forms of transport like cycling do.
For one thing pedestrians move slowly. Another is the human body is enormously flexible and nimble. Pedestrians can instantly and unconsciously calculate efficient paths through moving objects, around obstacles, and over changing terrain.
We've had millennia of experience of walking in crowds or at least in groups. A large crowd dispersing from an event is a wonder of efficient shifting and sorting; it's what the most optimistic boosters imagine driverless cars will be able to achieve.
Another part of the explanation could be that cycling is commonly seen as a potential substitute for driving to work in Australia's relatively dispersed cities whereas walking – other than in the dense centre – mostly isn't. (3)
Underlying all this is probably the simple fact that cycling is seen as “new” and exciting (the Scandis are doing it!), while walking is old and reliable; it doesn't need a special skill or even money.
None of this means there isn't a need to improve walking for the journey to work and more generally, particularly in relation to safety. Regrettably, 83 pedestrians died on Australian roads in the first six months of this year.
The speed of walking is also a problem in some places. For example, in dense locations the priority given to vehicles over pedestrians at traffic lights often doesn't reflect the relative number of travellers using the two modes.
There are also instances of pedestrian congestion during peak periods and before and after major events; but we need to be very careful when looking at these sorts of cases to avoid falling into the trap of treating walking like driving.
What Melbourne City Council calls pedestrian “crowding” (see exhibit) in it's Walking Plan 2014-17 would certainly constitute congestion if all those people were cars, but for walkers that level of “crowding” isn't within cooee of being a problem. That's the advantage of walking.
Both modes need more attention from policy-makers than they're getting, but it's neither a surprise nor a problem that cycling is getting more than walking.
_____________
Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana lost his re-election bid in the state's Republican primary Tuesday, ending the 36-year career of a GOP elder statesman and handing the Tea Party movement its biggest upset victory so far in the 2012 elections.
Lugar was ousted by state Treasurer Richard Mourdock, whose campaign against Lugar was backed by conservative groups including the Tea Party Express, the anti-tax Club for Growth, the National Rifle Association and the Tea Party-aligned Freedom Works, and by former Republican Alaska governor Sarah Palin.
According to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks election spending, outside groups invested $4.5 million in the race.
"Serving the people of Indiana in the United States Senate has been the greatest honor of my public life," Lugar, 80, said in his concession speech. In a written statement, he admonished Mourdock's "unrelenting partisan mind-set" and warned that "he will achieve little as a legislator" unless he changes his strict conservatism on governing.
Mourdock, 60, praised Lugar as "a truly great public servant" and moved past the negative tone of the primary. "This race is not about animosity," he said. "It is about the direction of the Republican Party."
Defeating a Senate incumbent is a rare feat, underscoring the significance of Mourdock's upset. Since 1980, only 11 senators have lost in their party's primary, and two of those — Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, in 2010, and Sen. Joe Lieberman, D-Conn., in 2006 — went on to win the general election. Murkowski won a write-in campaign as a Republican; Lieberman won as an independent.
Lugar has no such recourse. Indiana law does not allow a candidate who loses in a primary to be on the general election ballot for the same office.
Lugar is the longest-serving senator in Indiana's history; in the Senate, he is the GOP's longest-tenured lawmaker alongside Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah.
Lugar's Senate career is largely defined by his foreign policy work. He has twice served as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and is still the top Republican on the panel, placing him in the center of every major foreign policy debate since the 1980s.
One of his signature legislative achievements was a 1991 law to reduce and dismantle weapons of mass destruction.
Lugar's moderation in both his rhetoric and voting record finally caught up with him. Conservatives in and out of Indiana have chafed at his willingness to work with the Obama administration — a common theme in the campaign ads attacking his record.
President Obama issued a statement Tuesday thanking Lugar for his service. "He has served his constituents and his country well, and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors," Obama said.
Lugar supported the New START nuclear arms reduction treaty with Russia that Obama signed last year, and he voted in favor of Supreme Court nominees Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan. His reputation as a centrist made him an easy target for Tea Party-aligned groups, who rallied around Mourdock. Lugar was also hurt by attacks from critics who noted he has not lived in the state since 1977.
Mourdock's victory will redouble Democrats' effort to pick up Indiana this November in their battle to maintain the 53-47 majority they hold in the Senate. Democrats believe Mourdock's conservative views will alienate voters in the general election.
"It's only going to give Democrats a pick-up opportunity," said Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y.
Rep. Joe Donnelly ran unopposed in the Democratic primary and will face Mourdock in November, but Republicans believe they have the advantage.
"It's a Republican state, and I'm confident we will hold the seat," said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, who runs the Senate Republican campaign operation.
Also Tuesday, Republicans nominated former state representative Jackie Walorski to run for the House seat currently held by Donnelly. She is favored to win in November providing a pick-up for the GOP.
Correction: An earlier version of this story indicated that Murkowski won her election as an independent.
I don't want to brag, but...okay, I do want to brag. I make the best angel food cake in the world. It puffs up like a cloud in the oven, towering up out of the pan, and every slice is so fluffy, it makes whipped cream look dense.
The recipe's coming later this week, but first, a spotlight on the secret ingredient—cake flour. Milled from soft wheat, it's even more delicate than pastry flour, with a protein content of ideally no more than 8%. Though that's only two to five points lower than all-purpose, it's a critical difference when it comes to cake batter, which contains significantly more water than cookie dough, a state that facilitates gluten formation.
For over a century, American cake flour has also been bleached, but in recent years, several manufacturers have introduced unbleached alternatives (while DIY enthusiasts prefer to make theirs at home). I'll forever and always champion any company that widens the market for high-quality flour, and any baker who prefers homemade. I unconditionally support everyone's right to decide what foods belong in their pantry.
That doesn't mean I'm willing to throw bleached cake flour under the bus simply because it's chemically processed food. From sucrose to sodium chloride, baking depends on chemicals at every turn. I mean, what's a recipe if not a formula written in a language anyone can understand? No one gets excited about C12H22O11,Δ = 2H20 C24H36O18, but we can all agree that sugar + heat = caramel, and that's something grand...particularly with a generous dose of NaCl. I mean, sodium chloride, er, uh, salt.
See what I mean?
When it comes to understanding the chemistry of baking, it's crucial we are not shy away from, well, chemistry! There's no reason to reject an ingredient simply because its name can be expressed in scientific terms. I'll readily admit that bleached doesn't sound delicious, but it's a remarkable and widely misunderstood process that deserves more than a summary judgment.
To understand why cake flour is treated with Cl2, better known as chlorine, we have to rise above Lovejoy's Law and hyperbole—who wants to drink bleach, yuck! Such rhetorical devices willfully ignore the purpose of chemical treatments, and grossly exaggerate the scope of chlorine's use.
For starters, manufacturers aren't pouring buckets of chlorine into cake flour—they're treating it through low-level exposure to chlorine gas. We're talking about concentrations ranging from 0.008% to 0.3% relative to the weight of the flour. But in no way, shape, or form does that much chlorine wind up in your food.
The whole point of adding chlorine is to provoke a reaction, so that when the gas mingles with cake flour, both are transformed. The flour undergoes a series of chemical interactions that disrupt glycosidic bonds, depolymerize starches, and oxidize lipids, amino acids, and carotene. That's a lot of scientific jargon, but what it means is that the flour isn't simply whitened; it's conditioned in a way that impacts absorbency, flavor, and pH.
Meanwhile, the chlorine is changed, too. Coming into contact with the flour's own water content triggers hydrolyzation, a reaction that leaves behind chlorite (naturally occurring in unbleached flour), hypochlorous acid (something our own immune cells produce to fight infection), and chloride (an essential electrolyte).
There's some real cognitive dissonance going on when we shy away from bleached cake flour over "scary" chemicals like chloride, then pay extra for chloride in bottled water simply because brands are smart enough to bill it as a mineral or electrolyte instead. It's just one small example of why we should evaluate ingredients for what they are, not how they're framed.
Although, come to think of it, American millers would probably have an easier go of it with a rebranding effort—Smart Flour: Electrolyte-Enhanced for Improved Performance in Cake! Compared to the dubious claims of certain bottled drinks, at least that would be true. Chlorinated cake flour improves the volume, structure, crumb, and dome symmetry of high-sugar cake formulas in scientifically measurable ways, as demonstrated in study after study.
What studies haven't shown is that the by-products of chlorination present any risk to consumers. At the conclusion of a generational study designed to observe the long-term impact of a diet based on chlorinated cake flour, a British research team concluded that "no carcinogenic, teratogenic, or other toxic effects attributable to chlorination were observed." (You can read the abstract here, or pony up to get behind the paywall to peruse the paper in full.)
The absence of evidence is, of course, not evidence of absence. I'm not saying we shouldn't continue investigating the impact of chlorination in flour processing; only that our decision should be informed, not reactionary. I've spent months examining the literature, following the studies, speaking with food chemists, and reading up on best practices from the World Health Organization. WHO has no gripe with chlorinated flour at all. At the end of the day, I can't come up with a single reason to abandon chlorinated cake flour that could ever outweigh its proven benefits.
Namely: this fluffy, tender, four-inch beauty.
Chlorine treatment alters the normal rate of starch gelatinization in flour, slowing it in a way that improves gas retention. This allows the batter more time to rise, resulting in super-lofty, fine-grained cakes. Doubling down on that effect, chlorination also raises the temperature of protein denaturation, likewise buying the cake more time to rise.
What's more, chlorination lowers the pH of cake flour from an average of 5.9 to about 4.8. The shift toward acidity inhibits browning, a major no-no for crusty breads and golden cookies, but a lovely touch when it comes to the snowy crumb of an angel food cake. Inhibiting the Maillard reaction can also be helpful in highlighting mild flavors, like almond or vanilla, that can be overwhelmed by the darker toffee notes of browning.
Why would I ever give up a cake like that? Especially considering how unbleached alternatives fall flat. Literally.
That cake was made from the same batch of egg whites and the same technique, same oven, same cake pan, same batter temperature, same baking time, same cooling method, same cooling time. The only difference is that I opted for unbleached cake flour, which soaked up too much moisture and set too quickly to let the cake rise. And, if you're wondering how people made angel food cake without bleached cake flour in the days of yore, the answer is: They didn't. The history of angel food cake is directly tied to the invention of bleached cake flour in the 19th century, but that's a whole 'nother story.
Not only is unbleached cake flour out of the question, DIY alternatives are, too. Baking experts are weirdly quick to promise that making homemade cake flour is as straightforward as cutting all-purpose flour with cornstarch, but it's not that simple. Cornstarch may dilute the overall protein content of the flour, but it jacks up the starch in a totally different way. The result is a highly absorbent dry mix that soaks up way too much moisture, for a cake that bakes up heavy and dense.
At least when it comes to a recipe as sensitive as angel food cake, DIY cake flour just can't compare (nor can it match the low pH of chlorinated cake flour). Granted, it's still a better choice than unbleached cake flour, but it makes angel food wet and spongy and tough. It may work in a pinch, but the better option would be to make something else.
Because of its performance, and the conclusions I've drawn from my own research, bleached cake flour will always have a place in my pantry, particularly considering the very limited scope of its use: a unique subset of recipes that are intended to be enjoyed in moderation. You may feel differently, and that's okay! You may want to do your own research, and you should! The important thing is to go into your decision well informed, and hopefully I've provided enough information to get you headed in the right direction.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Earlier this year, I wrote an article about how to use the Raspberry Pi to create a music light show using an open source project called LightShowPi. My little Christmas tree light show was popular enough that I was invited to demo it for a group of middle school kids in North Carolina.
Which brings me to this year's Christmas season. I was flirting with the idea of taking the light show outdoors, but due to the business of life I just ended up not having enough time (or motivation) to make that leap. I did, however, put a bit of time into improving last year's setup.
Instead of five channels running 500 lights, I have eight channels running 800 lights. I also modified the LightShowPi's configuration to customize the lights a bit more. I am running all songs in four channels and mirroring the other four channels. This makes the lights a little more fun with fewer blackouts from unused channels during certain songs.
My configuration is now headless as well (i.e., no monitor), and is running on a Raspberry Pi 2. The headless configuration is nice, as I don't need room under the tree for a monitor anymore. The Raspberry Pi 2 (instead of the B+) doesn't make much of a difference, as the performance of LightShowPi is great in either version. With the WiFi dongle, I just SSH into the Pi from my phone and start/stop the lights and music anytime I want.
Finally, this year I also put a bit more thought into the the song selection, trying to add a bit more variety and fun songs to the playlist.
Here's a sample of what the tree is looking like this year:
After getting the Christmas tree lights up and "dancing," one problem immediately became apparent: My wife and kids wanted a simple way to toggle between "solid" and "dancing" mode.
So, I went through my Raspberry Pi CanaKit and decided to try to use the push buttons that came with it to solve this interesting problem.
To help me set up the buttons, I used this nice video tutorial. Here's the result.
Then I had to write up some code to make this work. At first I based my code on the YouTube video I linked to above, but I didn't like that it had so many loops. So, I did some more reading and was able to come up with a better piece of code. Granted, I'm sure the code can be improved a lot, but it's good enough for a small personal project/proof of concept.
#!/usr/bin/env python
import RPi.GPIO as gpio
import os
import time
gpio.setmode(gpio.BCM)
gpio.setup(4, gpio.IN, pull_up_down=gpio.PUD_UP)
gpio.setup(17, gpio.IN, pull_up_down=gpio.PUD_UP)
lights = 0
while True:
b1 = gpio.input(4)
b2 = gpio.input(17)
#button 1 (solid lights)
if (b1 == False):
if lights == 0:
os.system("export SYNCHRONIZED_LIGHTS_HOME=/home/pi/lightshowpi; sudo python /home/pi/lightshowpi/py/hardware_controller.py --state=on")
lights = 1
elif lights == 1:
os.system("export SYNCHRONIZED_LIGHTS_HOME=/home/pi/lightshowpi; sudo python /home/pi/lightshowpi/py/hardware_controller.py --state=off")
lights = 0
#button 2 (dancing mode)
if (b2 == False):
if lights == 0:
os.system("export SYNCHRONIZED_LIGHTS_HOME=/home/pi/lightshowpi; sudo lightshowpi/bin/start_music_and_lights")
lights = 1
elif lights == 1:
os.system("export SYNCHRONIZED_LIGHTS_HOME=/home/pi/lightshowpi; sudo lightshowpi/bin/stop_music_and_lights")
lights = 0
# trying not to waste cycles on the pi
time.sleep(0.2)
The code above basically uses the python RPi python library to interact with the two GPIO pins I use for my buttons (pins 4 and 17), and if a button is pressed and the lights are already off, then turn it on, and vice versa.
Finally—and this took me a while to figure out—I had to modify the $SYNCHRONIZED_LIGHTS_HOME/bin/stop_music_and_lights script that comes with LightShowPi because it had a sudo killall python on it that would kill my Python script.
So, I modified that line to:
sudo kill $(ps aux | grep 'synchronized_lights.py' | awk '{print $2}')
That's it! Here's a look at the end result:
When American business tycoon, inventor and filmmaker Howard Hughes headquartered Hughes Aircraft in Los Angeles' Playa Vista neighborhood, he probably couldn't have imagined that it would someday become home to one of the most innovative and creative advertising agencies around.
After Hughes went under in 1997, its offices fell into disrepair and were subjected to years of neglect, even graffiti (an original route map of Hughes-owned TWA that hangs in the lobby was tagged by street artists after the building was abandoned). But in 2012, when 72andSunny CEO John Boiler was looking for the perfect space to relocate his growing shop, he saw the dilapidated digs as the perfect destination. “We designed for optimism—open spaces, lots of light, no personal offices,” Boiler explained. “We made a space that has timeless design and is built to be a connector, not a container.”
Take a look at the video above as Boiler is joined by Chief Strategy Officer Matt Jarvis and Co-Founder and CCO Glenn Cole as they guide a tour of the agency's sprawling campus.
A KGB officer ran two Australian federal parliamentarians as Soviet agents in the 1970s, according to a confidential account of ASIO counter-espionage operations during the Cold War.
ASIO also tried to persuade a Russian military intelligence officer to defect by offering him treatment in the US for his stomach cancer.
KGB station chief Ivan Stenin (right) and his successor, Geronty Lazovik, in Canberra in 1971.
In an unusually candid document obtained by Fairfax Media, a former senior ASIO officer lists known Soviet intelligence officers in Australia and reveals numerous details of ASIO's counter-espionage efforts. Much of the information remains classified.
The account by the former counter-espionage specialist confirms that Soviet intelligence was very active in Australia throughout the Cold War and that ASIO's counter-espionage efforts had only limited success.
Firemen at the scene of two huge bomb explosions outside the Palace of Justice in Central Damascus on June 28, 2012. — Photo AFP
BEIRUT: At least 85 people were killed, mostly civilians, in violence across Syria on Saturday, and hundreds more were trapped in Douma as regime forces stormed the town in Damascus province, monitors said.
In the single most serious incident, mortar fire killed 30 civilians who were attending a funeral in the town of Zamalka, 10 kilometres (six miles) east of the Syrian capital of Damascus, the Syrian Observatory for Human rights said.
The Observatory did not give any further details on the Zamalka incident but published two videos from people on the ground. The first showed several dozen people, mostly men waving Syrian revolutionary flags and shouting slogans as they accompanied the funeral cortege, when the picture was interrupted by an explosion.
The second, which could not be confirmed as being shot at the same scene, showed people running away from a cloud of dust that gradually dissipated to show numerous bodies lying on the ground.
Meanwhile, the Observatory urged the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent to “urgently send medical teams” to Douma.
“The security forces have seized control of the main hospital in Douma,”the Observatory said. “There are no doctors in the town, though dozens of wounded need urgent care.”The Britain-based monitoring group warned of a “catastrophic humanitarian situation” in the city, which “has been subjected to a fierce military campaign since June 21.”Violence has killed “scores and wounded hundreds” there since regime forces escalated attacks on the outlying suburb of Damascus, the group said.
“More than 100 families remain in the town, unable to flee and forced to take refuge in shelters,” it said, adding that most of those trapped were women and children, after the majority of the men had fled repeated arrest sweeps.
The Observatory said those killed on Saturday included a civilian shot dead by a sniper in Douma; a rebel in Daraa, southern Syria; a family of three killed by shelling in the northwestern province of Idlib and 14 soldiers.
Douma has seen frequent fighting between rebels and troops in recent months. The watchdog also reported fierce clashes in the capital itself and the suburbs of Damascus, with regime troops using helicopters to shell several neighbourhoods on Saturday.
Elsewhere, the army shelled Rastan in the central province of Homs, the watchdog said, adding that the town has been under rebel control since February.
Meanwhile, an explosion rocked the Qaboon district of Damascus, the Observatory said, and a blast hit the country's second city Aleppo in the north. No casualties were reported.
Another blast hit an oil pipeline in a rebel-held area of the eastern province of Deir Ezzor.
The latest violence came amid fierce countrywide clashes and a day after 75 people were killed nationwide.
More than 15,800 people have been killed in violence since an anti-regime uprising broke out in March 2011, the Observatory says.
(TibetanReview.net, Aug28, 2014) –China has made it compulsory for Tibetans to turn out in large numbers to greet a monk it has designated as the 11th Panchen Lama, Tibet's second most prominent religious figure, as he visits the region even though most Tibetans don't accept him as the legitimate reincarnation of the 10th Panchen Lama. Swift punishment has been warned against those disobeying the order, reported Radio Free Asia (Washington) Aug 26.
On Aug 24, Gyaincain Norbu visited two monasteries in Namling, including Ganden Choekor Ling, and gave religious teachings to the assembled people. In preparation for the visit, the authorities had ordered 12 Namling villages to assign 80 people each “to come out and welcome the Panchen Lama, wearing traditional Tibetan dress and holding ceremonial scarves in their hands.”
“They were warned that if they failed to show up to receive him, they would be punished for committing a political error,” the report quoted a local source as saying. Monks were ordered to be on their best behaviour during the visit.
The authorities were reported to have noted down the mobile numbers and identity cards of those assigned to greet him. “Those not designated to see the Panchen were ordered to stay at home and were forbidden from looking out of their windows or from gathering on the rooftops or sidewalks,” the source was further quoted as saying. Warnings were issued of swift punishment of anyone disobeying the order.
Monasteries placed on Gyaincain Norbu's itinerary were reported to have been given grants of 150,000 yuan (US$ 24,360) each to prepare the receptions, with the money going mainly for the construction of thrones, purchase of religious items, and for carrying out cleaning up works.
Gyaincain Norbu, now in his mid-20s and resident of Beijing, was accompanied by armed police and public security officers, along with a party of 30 monks besides Chen Qianguo, the regional secretary of the ruling Chinese Communist Party, and other officials as he toured monasteries in Namling (Chinese: Nanmulin) County of Shigatse Prefecture, Tibet Autonomous Region.
Atheist China named Gyaincain Norbu as the reincarnation of the 10th Panchen Lama in 1995 as a deliberate rebuff against Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, who had formally recognized six-year-old Gedhun Choekyi Nyima as the 11th Panchen Lama. Gyaincain Norbu made his political debut in May 2010 at the annual session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) in Beijing, appearing as a national committee member of China's top but only a rubber-stamp political advisory body. He has since been made a vice-president of China's state-run Buddhist Association.
Meanwhile the boy recogized by the Dalai Lama continues to remain disappeared ever since the Chinese government took him and his family away in 1995.
Car of the day – 2014 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Edition 507 V8 1920×1080 HD
The 2014 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Edition 507 is a special model with extra power. It has more than 50 hp than the base model has. Its torque has been increased as well. Its acceleration has increased. The new model is just a hotter model all around, and when we mean “hotter”, we mean its brutal power.
The 2014 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Edition 507 features the same 6.2-liter V8 engine as a base model does. However, the new model can produce up to 507 hp (373 kW) at 6800 rpm and torque of 450 lbs-ft (610 Nm) at 5200 rpm. It also can accelerate from 0 to 100 km/h (0-62 mph) in less than 4.0 seconds (a base model can do that in 4.3 seconds). Its top speed has increased to 177 mph (~285 km/h).
The car is tight as a race car. If you ever had a chance to drive a race car, you should know the meaning of a “tight car”. If you haven't had a chance to drive a race car, well, a normal car feels “soft” compared to a race car. Even a lot of “fast cars” feel sometimes “soft” compared to a true race car. However, the 2014 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Edition 507 feels very “tight”.
The closest competition for the 2014 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Edition 507 is a BMW M3 GTS.
The official price for a 2014 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Edition 507 starts from around 72,000 USD ($) for a coupe model and 70,000 USD ($) for a sedan model, on the U.S. market. Price in Germany starts from around 85,000 Euro for a coupe model and 83,800 Euro for a saloon model.
Car of The Day
A lobby group, which represents distressed borrowers, is working on a plan to purchase 15,000 mortgages from the banks.
It is understood New Beginning's proposals focus on offering the homeowners, who currently face repossession, the option to rent their homes instead.
The distressed borrowers would then have the option to repurchase their homes if their circumstances improve in the next seven years.
The proposals have been backed by Fine Gael TD Regina Doherty, who has raised the matter with Minister for Finance Michael Noonan.
New Beginning plans to pay for the mortgages by using a Maltese-registered company, which would pay the banks with a bond and an annual coupon or interest rate repayment.
After seven years, New Beginning would plan to sell the homes to the tenants or sell the properties to an investment vehicle, which would continue to let them to the tenants.
It is understood it has hired PriceWaterhouseCoopers, and stock broking company Davy have acted as advisers on the project.
Any deal would require the agreement of the banks to sell the mortgages to New Beginning's company.
The organisation is planning to open discussions with the banks in the coming weeks.
Readers will no doubt be shocked—shocked—to hear that the RIAA works for its own self-interest, but a recent Public Knowledge piece suggests that the organization is being more than usually self-interested in two current debates. On the one hand, the major labels think that webcasters should pay a flat rate for every track streamed, even if this means that a webcaster's total bill for music exceeds revenues in any given year. On the other hand, the RIAA does not want to pay a flat rate for its own music, suggesting that a percentage rate of the kind that webcasters were denied is the way to go.
Confused? Let's break it down.
No hobgoblins here
If consistency is the "hobgoblin of little minds," as Emerson put it, then the music industry must have a collective brain the size of the moon. Contradictions and paradoxes abound. For instance: why does satellite radio pay artists and songwriters for playing their songs, but terrestrial radio only pays songwriters? Why do webcasters also pay both, but at a different rate?
When it came to setting webcaster rates last year, the webcasters wanted to pay a percentage, just like satellite radio services do. But revenue is hard to come by in the webcasting business, so SoundExchange (an RIAA spinoff that collects the money and redistributes it to labels and artists) pushed for a flat fee per stream per user. And it got it last March when the Copyright Royalty Board set the fee at $0.0011 per song streamed.
You may recall that this touched off a heated debate over webcasting that escalated to the floor of Congress, as legislation was introduced to overturn the new rates. Eventually, SoundExchange cut separate deals with both large and small webcasters, though the CRB's official rates remain unchanged and SoundExchange could enforce them if it wanted to.
Enter the RIAA
The RIAA finds itself in a similar situation, though one that's been dragging on for a century now. Back in 1909, Congress set up a "mechanical royalty" to be paid to songwriters when a physical copy of a sound recording of their work is made. This rate has been upgraded over time, and today stands at $0.091 per track.
That sounds cheap, but it means that a ten-track CD can cost the labels nearly a buck just for the songwriting fees. And because this is a fixed cost, it becomes harder for the labels to pay as the price of music drops and revenues plunge.
So during the most recent CRB "trial" to fix these rates, the RIAA said that it wanted to move to a percentage model as well. Cary Sherman, the RIAA boss, reveals in his filing that Cat Stevens' "The First Cut is the Deepest" is one of his favorite songs; instead of paying $0.091 to Stevens every time an RIAA artist sells a CD with a cover of that song on it (as Sheryl Crow did recently), Sherman suggests that the label pay a percentage instead.
This would solve problems that arose a few years back with "DualDiscs," where CD audio might be on one side of the disc and DVD-Audio on the other. In that case, the music publishers (who represent the songwriters) argued that they deserved to be paid twice, once for each side. But that would come to 18 cents per song, which could be nearly $2 per album. Since DualDiscs didn't command much of a price premium, this was unworkable to the labels.
In Sherman's view, a percentage model would make these problems go away. "I have increasingly come to believe," he said, "that the only rate structure that makes sense is a percentage rate that can be applied readily to all products in the marketplace."
Other filings from executives at EMI and Sony BMG make clear that the labels think the current setup horribly unfair. As their own revenues tank, the music publishers (and the songwriters they represent) continue to rake in that same mechanical rate. As EMI's Colin Finkelstein put it, "Record labels bear almost all of the risk." Songwriters are shielded from that risk by the fixed nature of the mechanical rate.
What's good for the goose...
All of this begs the question: why should the RIAA get a percentage deal for itself but insist on a widely-despised flat-rate deal for webcasters who want its music? That's what Public Knowledge staff attorney Rashmi Rangnath asked this week. "Is it fair that RIAA/SoundExchange switch to a percentage of revenue model for music sales while holding back the small webcasters from taking advantage of the same for streaming?" she wrote.
Rashmi Rangnath
Part of the issue is that the RIAA and SoundExchange are separate entities (though SoundExchange began life as an RIAA subsidiary) and their interests are no longer exactly aligned. SoundExchange now includes numerous non-RIAA board members, though it is still the focus of intense debate as to exactly how beholden it is to the major labels.
While Emerson may have downplayed the importance of consistency, it certainly seems like a bit more would be welcome in the music business... and it's exactly this argument that the RIAA is using its concurrent push to get radio stations to pay up (radio, webcasting, and satellite should all pay a consistent set of fees). Too bad SoundExchange and its RIAA backers didn't push the CRB to do the same thing for webcasters.
Update: The RIAA tells Ars that it and SoundExchange did in fact support a percentage rate for webcasters. Learn more in our follow-up story.
Chris Fawcett of Steadivision trying out the Pace rig on the Segway at Shepperton with two Alexas
More images here
Not only is Arri fulfilling it's commitment to ship their new ALEXA digital camera on time but also they've announced an A List Director as one of the first users.
Martin Scorsese has started shooting his new film Hugo Cabret with the Alexa in a specially made 3D rig (see above) based on a Steadiseg, a Steadicam rig on a Segway vehicle.
The setup is a Pace self-balancing 3D rig, capable of pulling simultaneous focus, interocular, and convergence without affecting the trim of the Steadicam Ultra 2 rig. The cameras are two Arri ALEXAs – there is a rumour that the movie will be using up to 23 ALEXA throughout production.
The total setup exceeds 35kg, so they are using the Steadiseg to create dynamic moving shots without operator strain.
Chris Fawcett from Steadivision [steadivision.com] commented on the rig: “I'm not shooting on the film. The operator is Larry McConkey (http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0566227/). I am a Steadicam operator specialising in using the Steadiseg. I was in Shepperton training him, and tailoring the Steadiseg to his specific needs.
“All shots are tethered. There is just too much bandwidth to record on-board. Also, Pace I/O and convergence are pulled down the cables.
“The script calls for moving shots that can only be done with the Steadiseg.
“I can't reveal any details about their 3D style, except to say that they are planning something beyond Avatar.”
One summer day in 2008, Jack Matthews and Alex Liu took their supervisor from the University of Oxford on a tour of their fossil finds on Newfoundland's Bonavista Peninsula, on the eastern edge of Canada.
Their demonstration didn't quite go according to plan.
"He stepped down onto the surface, sat down, turned to his side and said, ‘Well, what's this?'" Matthews remembers. The supervisor, the late Martin Brasier, noticed something in the rock beds that Matthews and Liu had completely missed. “He picked up what has turned out to be a very important fossil.”
"Important” doesn't quite cut it. “We believe, if our interpretation is correct, that it is the oldest evidence of muscular tissue in the geological record,” Matthews says. It's now called Haootia quadriformis: “Haoot” is a word used by the Beothuk, the aboriginal people of Newfoundland, for demon.
Picture a jellyfish the size and shape of a small wineglass. “It has a stem, which is similar to the stem of a glass, and then a bowl at the top. And that bowl is a sheet of muscle,” Matthews explains.
An artistic rendering of Haootia Quadriformis Credit: Courtesy of The Royal Society
This is a big deal because Haootia was flexing its muscle in the Ediacaran period, about 560 million years ago. Before this find, scientists couldn't prove any animal was moving back then.
“This age has been referred to as the Ediacaran garden of Eden, because there was no predation going on yet there,” says Don Johnson, a former park ranger on the Bonavista Peninsula. He now gives geology walking tours for the Coaker Foundation, a historical society in the small community of Port Union.
“The Aspidella is lying down with the Charniodiscus, and everything is in peace," Johnson says, recounting the last days of the lazy animal peace. "Now you've got the devil there and he's moving around, and he's going to start eating things. Nothing is going to be the same.”
Johnson is enthralled with the Ediacaran geology and the knowledge that, from pools of bacteria at the dark depths of the ocean, bigger, complex life forms took shape. Now evidence of that can be seen in the rocks just a short walk from his home.
Newfoundlanders knew there were ancient Ediacaran fossils about 100 miles away, at a famous ecological reserve called Mistaken Point. But until these new discoveries, Johnson and others here had no idea that Bonavista's rocks were just as important.
“Since I was a kid climbing out over the rocks there, I never knew [fossils] were there, even though we walked over thousands of them,” Johnson says.
Fractofusus misrai, an Ediacaran fossil at Mistaken Point, Newfoundland Credit: Phoebe Cohen/Flickr/Creative Commons
Haootia was discovered in 2008, but Liu, Matthews and their supervisor, Martin Brasier — who graciously shared this major find — didn't publish their study until the summer of 2014.
Johnson hopes the fossil discoveries will attract a different group of people: tourists. That seems likely if, as many here hope, the area is designated a UNESCO Geopark, one of a network of important geological sites. There are 100 Geoparks around the world, but only two in North America.
But a Geopark, unlike a national park, doesn't get any extra funding. So the question for people here on the Bonavista Peninsula is how to balance the arrival of tourists with protecting what's etched in the rocks.
Many people I spoke with in the area said that getting locals involved is the key to protection. But others worry that a thousand eyes in a community are no substitute for dedicated wardens like the ones in place at Mistaken Point. The fossils at Bonavista are protected by a law and hefty fines, but enforcement is left to local police.
“I think there may be a need for some sort of professional oversight,” Johnson says, “just to keep an eye out.”
As for Haootia, Bonavista's now-famous fossil, the Newfoundland government decided there was only one way to protect it: In the fall of 2014, they cut it out of the rock and put it on display at The Rooms, a museum in Newfoundland.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye will meet U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House on October 16 to make up for a summit that was postponed because of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) outbreak in South Korea last June. The meeting comes at a time of troubling new provocations from North Korea and amid momentum on regional trade that is a critical part of Washington's strategic pivot to Asia. The summit will be watched closely for signs of effective collaboration on both of these fronts, and for how much the two sides expand cooperation in so-called “new frontier” areas.
Presidents Obama and Park sit during a Combined Forces Command Briefing at Yongsan Garrison in Seoul, South Korea, April 26, 2014. (Photo: Larry Downing/Reuters)
Restricting a Nuclear North Korea
North Korea's persistent, belligerent rhetoric and unchecked efforts to develop nuclear and missile capabilities will top the Obama-Park summit's agenda. The immediate challenge is how to disrupt a pattern of North Korean long-range missile and nuclear testing, which has occurred every three years since 2006.
Efforts to punish North Korea with UN Security Council sanctions have proven insufficient to deter nuclear and missile activities. If North Korea's nuclear testing continues, the country could develop the capability to strike the United States directly. Additionally, the Six-Party Talks, established to curb North Korean nuclear ambitions, have stalled due to Pyongyang's unwillingness to discuss denuclearization.
The immediate challenge is how to disrupt a pattern of North Korean long-range missile and nuclear testing that has occurred every three years since 2006.
In Washington, Park will discuss the August agreement between Seoul and Pyongyang to defuse border tensions. Under the deal, the South ended its propaganda broadcasts, and the two Koreas pledged to proceed with inter-Korean family reunions. Some analysts have speculated that the North has resumed inter-Korean cooperation to divide U.S. and South Korean responses to its planned nuclear and missile tests.
Park has also stepped up efforts to win Chinese President Xi Jinping's support for the South's unification efforts and restraining the North's provocations. During the September Park-Xi summit, the leaders publicly called on North Korea to abide by Security Council resolutions that prohibit further North Korean nuclear testing; this admonition was later repeated by Presidents Obama and Xi in Washington. Park's efforts to mobilize international pressure against Pyongyang have elicited North Korean anger, triggering threats to cancel the anticipated family reunions.
The U.S. Factor in Northeast Asian Security
Interactions with China have emerged as an important component of U.S.-Republic of Korea (ROK) cooperation. Park's presence on the rostrum at China's September 2015 military parade has raised eyebrows among some U.S. officials; South Korea was the only major democracy or U.S. ally to attend the event. Nonetheless, there is little evidence of serious friction over the issue between Washington and Seoul.
U.S. policymakers do not view South Korea's foreign policy in zero-sum terms. On the contrary, the U.S.-ROK alliance, including a twenty-eight-thousand-strong troop presence and a commitment to the defense of South Korea, bolsters South Korea's ability to deal with China and prevents Seoul from being drawn into Beijing's sphere of influence. Even so, Park's participation in the Beijing parade inadvertently conveyed the opposite message. Therefore, Park should explain to U.S. audiences the rationale behind her charm offensive toward Beijing.
Similarly, the United States has sought to stabilize the Japan-South Korea relationship, and Washington is looking with great interest at the possible resumption of top-level China-Japan-Korea trilateral meetings in the coming weeks. This could provide an opportunity for Park and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to hold their first bilateral summit since she took office nearly three years ago.
The resumption of a normal and productive relationship between the United States' two main alliance partners in Northeast Asia is particularly important for the U.S. rebalance to Asia, the effectiveness of which depends in part on expanded cooperation among its Asian allies and partners. South Korea has set aside demands for Japan to settle their dispute over comfort women, which pertains to abuses committed during the Japanese military occupation of Korea in the 1930s and 1940s. Seoul is pursuing a two-track approach in which its cooperation with Tokyo on security and economic issues proceeds separately from discussions about history-related issues. An Abe-Park meeting could provide momentum for closer U.S.-Japan-ROK security cooperation, but only if the two leaders can agree to manage the comfort women issue in tandem with closer coordination on defense and security issues.
The resumption of a normal and productive relationship between the United States' two main alliance partners in Northeast Asia is particularly important as part of the U.S. rebalance to Asia.
In addition, the United States and South Korea share the objectives of strengthening adherence to international norms in Asia by building stronger multilateral institutions. For instance, the United States and South Korea hold common views on nuclear nonproliferation, the use of international law to settle regional disputes, and the universal values of human rights. The United States will encourage South Korea to express its support for such measures through more active participation in the East Asia Summit. South Korea wants a stronger U.S. endorsement of President Park's efforts to institutionalize the Northeast Asia Peace and Cooperation Initiative (PDF), which promotes regional cooperation on issues including nuclear safety, public health, and the environment.
Trending Trade
South Korea has signaled it is considering joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a multilateral free trade agreement that will comprise almost 40 percent of the world's trade, since the twelve countries currently party to it completed negotiations in October. South Korea's interest in joining the agreement underscores the TPP's appeal for trade-dependent countries, given that the sweeping trade agreement will set high standards for trade liberalization. The TPP outline agreement also bolsters South Korea's confidence in the U.S. rebalance to Asia. The two countries will address sticking points in the implementation of their free trade agreement, known as KORUS FTA, including controversies overrules of origin for U.S. agricultural exports like orange juice, Korean legal requirements that financial companies store data in-country, and ensuring that new Korean regulations do not impinge on KORUS FTA provisions.
Finally, both governments are highlighting “new frontier” issues, which include public health, cybersecurity, space, and development. Cooperation on these types of functional issues was identified as a mutual goal in the 2009 U.S.-ROK Joint Vision Statement.
Last month, at the request of the Obama administration, South Korea hosted the second Global Health Security Agenda high-level meeting, following the inaugural meeting at the White House in 2014. Deepening U.S.-ROK coordination on public health was demonstrated earlier this year by South Korean contributions to the international effort to combat Ebola, and was strengthened by coordination between South Korean and the United States to address the spread of MERS.
South Korea is a natural partner for the United States in cyberspace; it is one of the most wired countries in the world and is a prime target for cyber espionage and cyberattacks from North Korea. South Korea hosted both the International Telecommunications Union's efforts to develop best practices for managing the Internet and an international conference on cybersecurity in 2014.
South Korea has also shown growing interest in space exploration and research. The country has collaborated with Russia on sending an astronaut into space and earlier this year pledged cooperation with India on a space launch. The United States is seen as a potential partner for space cooperation. On Park's itinerary is a visit to NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, in Maryland.
Park's government has also been raising the country's profile in global development efforts. The latest sign of this was Park's pledge at the UN General Assembly of $200 million to support girls' education initiatives. This commitment echoes priorities outlined in the Obama administration's Let Girls Learn initiative. The two countries will likely coordinate their efforts through the U.S. Agency for International Development and Korea International Cooperation Agency, which signed a memorandum of understanding in 2013.
Driven by North Korea's expanding nuclear threats and China's rise, the scope and depth of U.S.-ROK cooperation has expanded impressively with the Obama administration's coordination with South Korean Presidents Lee Myung-bak and Park. With ongoing consultations between Washington and Seoul, bilateral ties are set to expand, enhancing the value of the alliance as a net producer of peace and security in Northeast Asia and the world.
A SCHOOL principal and her family are moving to Brisbane because her transgender child, 21, cannot get sympathetic help from allied health professionals in their regional area.
The mother said that 18 months ago their child, who was born a boy, revealed she had felt she was a girl since the age of 14.
The mother said it was "a great relief" to her and her husband when she told them why she had been so unhappy and their two other children had accepted her choice to transition to a girl.
"I threw my arms around her and said 'I love you, regardless' and my husband did the same," the mother said.
While their "pretty" child still presents as a male in the local community, she is taking feminising hormones and will openly start her new life as a young woman next year in Brisbane.
"It will be a chance for her to live the life she has dreamed of," the mother said.
"All we can do is walk beside her."
The school principal said there were not enough allied health professionals in regional areas with the knowledge, understanding and sensitivity to offer support to transgender young people.
"I don't know how anyone could cope with transitioning in the regions without both parents behind them, with the time and money to make it happen," the mother said.
The school principal and her husband are now looking for work in Brisbane.
Brisbane-based Australian Transgender Support Association of Queensland has helped the family find sympathetic doctors and skin and speech therapists in Brisbane.
In last week's Sunday Mail a mother told how her brave child, "Jane", 9, who was born a boy but was going to school as a girl, was barred from using the girls' toilets.
With the help of the association, the mother intends to lodge the Anti-Discrimination Commission's first gender identity complaint involving a child.
The mother of another transgender child, 6, who was born a boy but has lived as a girl for a year, withdrew her child from a Queensland Catholic school which felt it could not deal with the issue.
The mother said at the age of four her child told her: "I feel like I'm a girl inside a boy's body."
"He lay sobbing face down on his bedroom floor, devastated that I wouldn't allow him to visit the playground in a sparkly ballet tutu," the mother said.
When his feelings did not change, the family consulted child health professionals and a play therapist has helped the child transition to a girl.
The mother, who admires the courage of "Jane" and her family, said she was not prepared to fight the Catholic school over gender recognition, and now home-schools her.
"We have a happy, thriving, well-adjusted child because we recognised her need to be embraced as our daughter and not our son," the mother said.
Shelley Argent of PFLAG Brisbane is helping the mother set up the first Australian support group for parents of transgender children.
"We are trying to establish a network of parents who support a healthy attitude towards gender identity, especially for parents with very young children," the mother said.
For support contact atsaq.inc@gmail.com or pflagbris@bigpond.com
Choosing web host for your WordPress site can be time consuming as there are a number of hosts offering reliable services. Therefore, it is recommended to research and review different hosts in detail to avoid despair later. In this regard, HostsJunction reviews top web hosts and can be extremely helpful if you require new hosting or are switching web host for some reason. This guide will provide you step by step information to transfer your WordPress hosting to a new web host.
Step 1: Take a Backup of Your Site
Before making any changes to your site, it is recommended to create a backup of your site. BackupBuddy is an excellent premium plugin to create the necessary backup.
A quick setup wizard will appear after the plugin is successfully installed. Go to BackupBuddy -> Backup, after activating the plugin to your site.
Enter all the required details such as the email address, the password and the location for storing the backup through the wizard. The Plugin supports local backups saved on your web server, FTP, Rackspace, Email or Dropbox.
You also have to input how often you want the plugin create your site backup in future, depending on your personal requirements.
Backupbuddy will now create the backup of your site. Download it to your local drive or click on the send button for sending the backup to the location, you chose in the setup wizard.
Step 2: Migrating Your Site
Visit BackupBuddy->Restore/Migrate. Download the importbuddy.php by clicking on the download importbuddy.php file. Copy the importbuddy.php file along with site backup.zip file.
Scroll down on the migrate page to see your latest database. Download the database that your site is using by clicking on the download link.
After all the files are downloaded, you have to upload them to a new web host. Connect to new web hosting provider through FTP.
Enter the IP address of your new host instead of the domain to ensure copying of the files to the new host instead of the old one. Upload backup.zip and importbuddy.php in the root ( /username/public_html/ or /username/public_html/abc.com) of your website.
Make sure the root directory is empty before pasting files or simply delete the old files present on the directory.
Step 3: Preparing for Migration Wizard
After both the importbuddy.php and backup.zip files are uploaded successfully, access the importbuddy.php file in a browser. Go to http://www.example.com/importbuddy.php for accessing the importbuddy file through a URL.
For now, you will be seeing a 404 error, as your domain name is still being redirected to the old web hosting service. Some experts recommend changing the domain nameservers, to point to the new host; however, this can result in the users seeing a broken site during the migration process.
Step 4: Changing the Hosts File
This step helps in pointing the domainname to the new hosting server. The hosts file tells your computer to map domain names to the specific IP addresses. Login to your cPanel to find the IP address by clicking on expand stats link in the left-hand sidebar. This will extend the sidebar to show information about the server status. You just have to copy the Shared IP Address.
In Notepad, Go to File->Open and Browse to C: \Windows\System32\drivers\etc to select the hosts file and open it. On Mac open the Terminal app and enter the following command for editing hosts file:
Sudo nano/private/etc/hosts
Enter the IP address copied in the previous step at the bottom of the hosts file followed by the domain name.
For instance: xxx.xxx.x.xx www.example.com
Replace the “xx” IP address with the one you copied from cPanel, and example.com with your site's domain name.
Save the required changes. You can now access your files on the new hosting using the domain name on your PC.
Note: Undo the changes made to hosts file after finishing the migration step 4.
Step 5: Using the Import buddy Migration Wizard
Run the import buddy migration wizard in a browser window. For instance, in http://www.abc.com/importbuddy.php, you can replace abc.com with your domain name. You will have to provide the password you entered when running the BackupBuddy setup wizard.
After the password is entered, you will be taken to the first step of the import wizard. Importbuddy will display the database you have uploaded. Click next to proceed.
The contents of your backup file will now be extracted. Click next to proceed, when done.
Next screen shows the database and URL information. The URL here points to the location where the backup was created. If you are only changing the web hosts without altering the domain location, then it will remain same for both the old and the new site. For moving to the new domain, it has to reflect a change.
Database settings are shown below the URL settings. Create a new database if you haven't created one already. Enter the database information in the given fields and test it by clicking the Test database settings button. After the database you created is connected successfully, click on the next button to proceed further.
Your database is now imported by Importbuddy. Click next to continue. ImportBuddy updates your paths and URL in Step 5 of the migration wizard. Verify the site's functionality by clicking on the site's URL, once this is done. Congratulations, you have finished migration of your site to the new web hosting server.
Click around to see if everything is working in the right way. ImportBuddy will show links to the common problems and tips on how to solve them. Clean up and remove the temporary files after you are satisfied with everything.
A 404 error will be displayed, indicating that importbuddy.php script is deleted from your server. Also, remove the changes made to the hosts file.
Step 6: Switching Nameservers
You also need to switch your DNS nameservers, when moving a site to a new host. This will ensure redirecting the visitors to the website's new location without experiencing any downtime. If your domain is registered with the hosting provider, then you can transfer the domain to the new host by just updating the nameservers. Get the nameservers information from the new web host. It usually looks like this:
ns1.hostname.com
ns2.hostname.com
This tutorial only covers changing of DNS nameservers with GoDaddy, so the screenshots displayed below may differ from the setup on your webhost but the basic steps will still be the same. Search for domain management area to locate nameservers.
Login to your Godaddy account and click launch to go to your available domains.
Click domain name on the next screen. You can view all the domain details with the nameservers. Click on the Manage link under the nameservers.
On the next screen, you will see a link to enter custom nameservers. Clicking on the link will open a form where you can enter your custom DNS nameservers.
Save the required changes and you are done. You have now successfully changed the nameservers. The changes will take 24-48 hours to be effective throughout the world. However, since you have the same content displayed on the old and the new host, the users won't see any difference on the site.
By following this guide, you can easily move your WordPress hosting to a new host without experiencing any downtime.
The experts said this would be a rebuilding year for the Philadelphia Flyers. They said that the defense was too weak, the goaltending too unproven, the forward corps too thin.
The players on the roster desperately want to prove those experts wrong.
Facing the second-best team by record in the Eastern Conference and arguably the best at even strength, the Philadelphia absolutely dominated through sixty minutes of play, beating the Tampa Bay Lightning by a score of 4-2. They outshot the Lightning 40-18, aided by a second period complete with 22 Philadelphia shots on net. Shayne Gostisbehere scored two goals to break the Flyers' team-record for goals by a rookie defenseman, while Brayden Schenn and Wayne Simmonds added tallies of their own. Steve Mason made 16 saves to earn the victory.
Early on, neither team looked particularly sharp. It was a sloppy and penalty-filled first period, as neither team seemed able to execute consistently on even the most simple passes. The Flyers were unable to take advantage of over four minutes with the man advantage, as the high-powered first unit struggled to even enter the offensive zone. After one such fruitless power play, the Lightning immediately blasted back up ice and made Philadelphia pay. A Slater Koekkoek shot riccocheted off Radko Gudas in front and bounced right to Ondrej Palat, who was given more than enough time in the slot to pick his spot and beat Mason to put the Lightning in front.
To the Flyers' credit, the final 16 minutes of the period were mostly spent in the Tampa Bay end following Palat's tally. But Andrei Vasilevskiy kept Philadelphia from tying the score, with his biggest save coming on a golden 2-on-0 opportunity. Pierre-Edouard Bellemare intercepted a Tampa breakout and initated a give-and-go with Wayne Simmonds. The Lightning goaltender was up to the task, however, sliding over to rob Bellemare and preserve his team's one-goal advantage.
But not even Philadelphia's late first period surge could have prepared fans for what was to come -- nothing less than the best single period that the Flyers have played all season. They blasted 21 shots on goal at Vasilevskiy, and only a Herculean effort from the Russian goalie prevented this from turning into a blowout. Philadelphia were particularly devastating on the forecheck, pinning the Lightning in their own zone and firing away like a prizefighter unloading on a staggered foe unwilling to fall to the canvas. It was rookie sensation Shayne Gostisbehere that finally delivered the knockdown, pinching low to recover a loose puck and snapping it past a sprawling Vasilevskiy.
That finally tied the game, and Philadelphia nearly took a well-deserved lead after Bellemare ripped a slapshot right off the crossbar just minutes later. Still, the Flyers were able to enter the locker room in possession of some unreal even strength statistics. They took an incredible 40 shot attempts at even strength in the period, and allowed the Lightning to generate just 12. They finished with 24 scoring chances -- a solid total for a full game, not just a period. With twenty minutes left, the Flyers knew that if they could just deliver a reasonable facsimile of their second period play the rest of the way, they would almost certainly walk away with a much-needed two points.
Tampa unsurprisingly came out with renewed life at the start of the period, and Mason needed to be sharp early in order to keep the game tied. But around the four-minute mark, Philadelphia began to turn the tide yet again. Due to a fantastic shift by the Giroux line, the Flyers earned themselves another power play, and this time, they would not let it go to waste. The captain found Gostisbehere with a beautiful cross-ice pass and the rookie did the rest, one-timing a slapper past Vasilevskiy for his second goal of the game. But the Flyers weren't done. They kept the pressure up, and after Brayden Schenn and Vladislav Namestnikov traded tallies, Wayne Simmonds finally clinched the victory for Philadelphia with an empty-netter.
Questions to Answer:
Quick Note: We're going to be bringing you all kinds of “Survivor” fun this season including episode recaps, exit interviews, and Power Rankings with Michael Skupin. Be sure to follow me on Twitter (@gordonholmes) for up-to-the-minute news and info.
Special Guest Star Alert: Pinch hitting for Gordon Holmes this week is three-time “Survivor” star and Power Rankings favorite Benjamin “Coach” Wade!
The Rules: Each week Michael and Gordon (or his designated pinch hitter) will create separate Power Rankings. The ranking of the person who is voted out of the next episode will determine the number of points the two players will earn. For example, if Dawn is voted out this week, Michael will receive 8 points and Gordon's team will receive 6 points. The person with the most points at the end of the season will be crowned the ‘Survivor: Caramoan' Power Rankings champion!
Last Week: Michael had Matt in spot six while Gordon had him in spot eleven. So, the current score is Team Skupin 71, Team Lightning Punch 92.
Before we kick off this week's rankings, let's check in with our competitors…
Gordon Holmes: Mr. Wade. Thanks a ton for pinch hitting this week. What've you been up to?
Ben “Coach” Wade: I have a new book out that I wrote called “No Turning Back, the South American Expedition of a Dragon Slayer.” Pass the word because if it sells well then I have a deal to publish the Amazon adventure, and I know that's what everyone wants to hear.
Holmes: Nice, everybody buys this book.
Holmes: Do you guys have any parting words for our buddy Matt the Beard?
Michael Skupin: So long, Matt… the “as long as it's not me” strategy may work for a few days but will likely never get you to end game. As Cochran put it, your game of likeability got read as a game that reeked of desperation. As one of the most likable characters out there, I'm saddened to see you leave the game. I misjudged you at first and had you going deep into the game; sans the painted-egg twist, you just may have. I could almost hear a groan across the country when your torch was snuffed for the last time.
Wade: He kept it real. I loved his genuine attitude towards the game and life, but the tribe swap mucked him up like it does so many. He was playing a great game until then.
Skupin: Once again, a castaway falls greatly due to the fact that in his naivety of playing the game he found comfort after the swap in hanging out with Michael instead of having any real plan. Although most people get into one or more of them, an alliance is the most threatening position to be in. Maybe the t-shirts Michael and Matt should have been wearing is “I'm with him” with the arrow pointing at the other guy.
Holmes: Neither of you guys really had to deal with major tribe swaps. What strategy would you utilize if faced with that twist?
Wade: Scramble.
Holmes: Well played. Skup?
Skupin: On S25 Philippines, we were prepared for a swap or merge any day and we knew exactly what we were going to do in the event that happened.
Holmes: That's very smart. It never hurts to have a plan to cover any possibility. Especially one that's been done in the past.
Skupin: The “fans” were down in numbers and were so caught off guard by the swap. Tribal swaps are not new to “Survivor” and seem to be becoming more commonplace as we've now seen a trifecta of them on the last three seasons. If I was on the power-side of the swap (Bikal) as it appeared I was on S25 Philippines, it's critical not to play your hand too early. It was there that I began my stalk of Malcolm but ever so slightly because we were winning; there was no reason to cement anything until the merge. If I was on the losing side (Gota), I'd become the hardest worker around camp, become necessary in challenges, and wouldn't start any wars.
Holmes: Alright, you gentlemen have both played with some of the current castaways. What are your mid-season grades for them?
Wade: Dawn and Cochran both get a B+. Cochran's weakness coming into the game was his physical strength and awkward sallies towards other contestants. He seems to have strengthened both. Dawn's weakness was her emotional discharge every other day. She is stronger and more focused.
Skupin: My mid-season grade for fellow castaway, turned tribemate then alliance Malcolm is also a B+. He is smart and so likable and has done so many things right. I'm just afraid the physical and emotional toll of back-to-back seasons could certainly cloud his judgment.
Holmes: Excellent, a round of B pluses. Sounds like they're all doing well with some room for improvement.
Skupin: Because the newly swapped Bikal team is at such a disadvantage both physically and mentally (puzzles, strategies, etc.), I'm predicting that Gota will not lose another challenge. So my Power Rankings will reflect all Bikal members at the bottom, not necessarily based on their gameplay or strategy thus far but based on the fact that they will be the only ones to meet Probst at the now infamous torch-snuffing ceremony.
Holmes: Risk taker, I like it. Alright gentlemen, you know the rules…
Set Your DVR to Record ‘Survivor: Caramoan – Fans vs Favorites”
Michael's Current Score: 71 Any advice for Michael? Drop him a line on Twitter: @mikeskupin Team Lightning Punch's Current Score: 92 Any advice for Coach? Drop him a line on Twitter: @the_real_coach 1. Brenda: If Brenda was at the Wonka Factory, she'd go down the “good” egg chute. Her mistake-free game continues.
1. Cochran: A smooth operator who is leading his tribe through meditation and DS rules. 2. Malcolm: Malcolm joins Reynold out there as the man with a bulge and it appears the bulging brothers are forming an alliance that may be the end of the game for both of them. Signs of Malcolm being out in the Philippines for way too long are appearing as he confessed on national TV his expertise at lying to women. As the runner-up for fan favorite last season, I'm betting he lost a few female votes with that comment.
2. Reynold: Idol after idol he has found, days in the game for him abound.
3. Andrea: Andrea drew the right colored egg last week. Her “dream” that Malcolm had the idol may actually have been strategy as I believe she has seen Malcolm's bulging wrist and she may have been offering him a chance to “fess up.” 3. Malcolm: Not taking the lead in the game might decrease his female popularity fame.
4. Erik: We are left to guess at what your game is out there while it doesn't appear you're doing much. At this point you don't really have to and your relationship with Brenda and Andrea only gets stronger.
4. Andrea: Much more aware of the game this time, you are becoming a player in some people's minds.
5. Sherri: I'm surprised there seemed to be no strategy whatsoever in Sherri “spilling the beans” to what could end up as the “Victoria's Secret Alliance” of Sherri, Brenda, and Andrea. I still believe she has game left in her and fortunately for her, Reynold and Eddie will likely “used-car salesman” themselves out of what appears to be a second chance for them.
5. Phillip: Much to the audience chagrin, Phillip is here this time to win.
6. Eddie: Good thing you're on the “good-looking tribe,” Eddie! That matters so much out there. I think Eddie needs to make a break from Reynold and form other bonds as well. Putting all your eggs in one basket only works once out there.
6. Dawn: Middle of the road most of the time, once the merge hits I think she will then shine.
7. Reynold: Teaming up with Malcolm was a smart move, but be very careful, you may be shocked that he lies to men too! You'll be a force in individual immunity challenges, so fortunately you'll have no problem making it to the merge. Drawing an orange egg is eggs-actly what your game needed to give you hope but it seems like you're forgetting that the “favorites” have played this game before.
7. Brenda: Quiet and shy her heart must be elsewhere, hang in there though there's much more to bear. 8. Dawn: She better pay her dues into Stealth-R-Us as her only hope of making the merge now is winning and Phillip not Hantz'ing.* *Hantz'ing is now an accepted reality-TV term describing extremely erratic behavior.
8. Eddie: I think he'll be first to go once the tribes merge, better scramble fast when you have the urge.
9. Cochran: His under-the-radar game may have to shift a bit as it looks like he's going to become a regular at Tribal Council much sooner than he anticipated. Since winning could be a long shot, he has to adjust his game. Fortunately, he's smart enough. Funny, Tarzan from S24 One World said the game is afoot, Cochran chose the game is anew…since when did a knowledge of Shakespeare become a prerequisite for island living?
9. Sherri: Tried to exude too much control, now your power is slipping your ship is near the shoal. 10. Phillip: I'm in the minority but when you're on the down tribe, making new alliances and securing flippers is critical. A+ Phillip! Your bullies-R-us strategy is great for early and mid-game but will fall on rocky soil come the merge and end game…if you make it that far. Phillip's name problems continue. It began with “Franchesqua,” continued with “Aun-dreah” and now he refers to Julia as “the girl.”
10. Michael: Once strong and smart the swap has you on the run, but you are astute beyond the game and a ton of fun.
11. Michael: His biggest mistake was the same as Matt's, he was just less believable in regards to the Hidden-Immunity-Idol lie which the answer should always be the same unless your name is Abi, Reynold, Peter, and Penner. You seemed to be the only fan with a strategy! Last week you described camp-life as a “long strand of hell”…you have no idea my brother, things just got worse.
11. Julia: Riding coattails will only get you so far, time to pick things up if you want to rise above par.
12. Julia: Julia barely escaped elimination…fortunately for her, she didn't have an alliance and didn't seem as much of a threat as Matt did. As odd as it appears, not having an alliance and not really playing hard is an advantage to her now as her torch will stay lit for another three days, and although we haven't seen it yet, for whatever it's worth, Phillip thinks you are “extra-ordinary.”
12. Erik: A challenge warrior you may be, your head needs to be more game savvy.
13. Corinne: I think you picked a fight with the wrong favorite (Phillip), and it may cost you a spot. Your support of Michael will likely be seen as flipping and a new trust issue has been born.
13. Corinne: Although the B word comes to mind, look for an idol for hope to find.
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
Dear Ms. Miley Cyrus,
Growing up, I was a huge fan of your hit television show Hannah Montana and some of the catchy songs you performed on the Disney Channel. Most of the themes reflected in your music revealed the life you lived as a teen in Hollywood with privilege and excess.
Being then a young black middle-class teenager, I never found the dichotomy to be a barrier between me as the fan and you as the celebrity. I found your personality to be entertaining and respected that you were being yourself and singing about situations that you can relate to.
This is not the case anymore.
Given that we have both grown up now (you: age 20, I'm 21), the squeaky clean youthful image we all want to let go of in our twenties is normal. It makes perfect sense. With all things in life, we want to show our maturation and express rebellion to picture-perfect perceptions. But perhaps your recent direction is not only disrespectful and ignorant, but also racially insensitive.
Lately, I can't help but hear about your recent fetish for "twerking" and your new-found interest in showcasing it for the likes of rapper Juicy J while performing his street rap anthem entitled "Bandz Will Make Her Dance."
Has Miley Cyrus gone hip-hop? I first wondered. But perhaps you took it too far.
"I want urban, I just want something that just feels black," you were said to have told hit songwriting brothers Timothy and Theron Thomas for your new racy song "We Can't Stop." And to take it a step further, you express what "feels black" in the music video to the song as a portrayal of you "twerking" (rather badly if you are actually trying to master the craft) with a group of black women enticing you on.
So I guess you were referring to the "homegirls with the big butts, shaking it like we're at a strip club" during that clip. I also take it that in addition to the tatted black guy with the gold chain in the back with you wearing your custom made grill... you now feel a temporary sense of blackness from that as well?
Go take a seat, or better yet, take a course on race, Ms. Cyrus.
In case you were not aware, artists like you continue to contribute to an ever growing problem in the entertainment industry that I like to call "manufacturing race." Often low-key and subtle, but never appropriate, individuals such as you consider using racial stereotypes as a way of accessorizing a new look or change in self image. Don't believe me, just ask Ke$ha.
It is one of the most microaggressive and disrespectful ways of implying, "Hey, I want to act out of character... let's mimic the perception of this group of people." To you, feeling "black" is a way to act like the white girl that you feel you obviously can't be which is problematic within itself.
Your totally off-putting interpretation of what "feels black" is very narrow-minded in scope. In your case, shaking your backside like a stripper makes you feel like you have embraced what it feels like to be black in America. Or did you feel that the gold grill in your mouth and the gangsta like posture at the end of your music video make you feel somewhat connected to a specific "urban" feel you were trying to portray?
Ms. Cyrus, if you have infatuations with acting like a thug or dancing like a stripper that is fine... but with all due respect, don't make such a correlation of it to any race.
Stop associating your fixation for "twerking" as a chance to feel black to your millions of white, Asian, and other non-black fans that don't have the luxury to hide under the veil of your wealthy privilege and bigotry. Stop capitalizing off of racial stereotypes as a way to shape your image, how about just be your own damn self and embrace that. And stop perpetuating the constant industrial disgust of black exploitation in the sake of entertainment.
You never have been nor ever will be about that life, Ms. Cyrus.
What "feels black" is as versatile and subjective as the number of outfits, hairstyles, and jewels you use to cover up your identity, Miley Cyrus. It ranges in the empowerment that comes from overcoming many racial minstrel based stunts that is stigmatized in your banter of twerking and gold chains, to the pain that is felt when watching your music video in 2013 continue it.
Blackness is not a trend or a fad; it is the connection between a group of people bounded by a heritage that your ancestry has had a historical role in negatively impacting. You won't ever desire what that "feels" like, nor would I encourage you to.
At the end of the day, being young and artistically rebellious is understandable. No one wants to hold on to the same image forever, but that doesn't mean offensively perpetuating stereotypes about a particular race of people.
I know that in your lead single to this new album of yours (that I won't be buying, obviously) you declare "we can't stop... and we won't stop." But in matters related to the disrespect of my culture and race, I'm going to request that you do so immediately.
Sincerely,
Ernest Owens
Earlier in the month, Urban Cultivator headed down to New York to join renowned Chef David Bouley and Connecticut-based Urban Cultivator distributor Green Up in New York in an effort to promote sustainable urban farming.
As purveryors of sustainability and the local food movement, we hoped to showcase the benefits of growing your own food and the importance of sustainable practices in the kitchen.
Chef Bouley offered to host the event at his stunning living events space, Bouley Botanical, located in TriBeCa. The space was filled with greens, featuring over 400 edible species of plants growing in vertical window gardens and supported by the largest bio-dynamic green house in New England, as well as greens grown from Urban Cultivators that were installed into the space.
We discussed with the crowd what our goals were with the aim to alter the understanding that only farmers can grow food, and instead demonstrating that farming can be done anywhere.
Together, we spread the word that through growing your own food, everyone could also actively reduce his or her carbon footprint, and contribute to a greener, more sustainable future.
Urban Cultivator would like to thank Chef Bouley and the staff at Bouley Botanical, as well as Green Up, for helping us in putting on such a wonderful event.
Here's to a brighter, greener future.
Check out the photos from the event below.
Hungary's government plans to hold refugees and asylum seekers in border camps built with shipping containers, completely restricting their freedom of movement.
The measure will also apply to people in already existing facilities, who will be moved to the camps and kept there until their asylum claims are processed.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban's right-wing government said it had taken the tough new measure to deal with the thousands of people who have fled to Europe in the past two years. Orban's chief of staff described it as a protective measure.
"We need a legal system that protects us. This is a very serious change," Janos Lazar, head of the prime minister's office, said, adding that the measure would be enacted only when the government was in a state of emergency over migration. The government has declared the country to be in such a state since March of last year.
"Containers suitable for accommodating 200-300 people will be erected. Migrants will have to wait there for a legally binding decision on their claims," Lazar said.
Asylum seekers will be able to take part in court proceedings via telecommunications equipment that will be provided in the camps, he added.
IN PICTURES: Dark and smoky shelters for refugees stranded in Serbia
Lazar also said Hungary was ready to build a second, stronger fence on its southern border with Serbia and Croatia, and that the government was prepared to increase aid to charities working on the border.
Hungary built a previous border fence in September 2015 and introduced legislation making it a crime to climb or damage it. According to police, more than 2,200 arrests were made on the border between March 1 and March 22 of last year.
The border camp plan is part of a package of proposals to go before parliament, including one that would reintroduce automatic detention for asylum seekers, a measure suspended in 2013 after pressure from human rights groups.
Familes and children detained
Orban - who professes to be an admirer of US President Donald Trump - said last month that automatic detention was needed again in response to "terror" attacks in Europe, citing the November 2015 attacks in Paris.
Hungary's immigration policies have been roundly condemned by rights groups and refugee advocates, who say large numbers of people were already being held in closed camps.
"Automatic detention of all asylum seekers from the start until the end of the asylum procedure is a flagrant and clear breach of EU law and human rights standards," the Hungarian Helsinki Committee, a Budapest-based refugee rights group, told the AFP news agency, vowing to sue Hungary at the European Court of Justice in every case where refugees were illegally kept in custody.
"In addition, the indefinite detention of many vulnerable migrants, including families with small children, is cruel and inhuman."
OPINION: Another incurable, ugly disease - Far-right populism
Hungary is also building four small military bases along the border to house some 3,000 soldiers who now patrol it alongside police. The barracks are also being built with shipping containers.
Orban said he was aware his plans went against the policies of the European Union, of which Hungary is a member, putting the country in "open conflict" with the 28-nation bloc.
In October last year, the majority of Hungarians voted against an EU referendum aimed at sharing 160,000 refugees around the 28-member bloc through mandatory quotas.
Hungary has since not accepted any asylum seekers allocated under the scheme.
In 2016, Hungary granted asylum, or some form of protection, to 425 people out of 29,432 applications.
Mexican drug cartels continue to fascinate the minds of Americans who tend to idolize outlaw gunmen with fast cash, fancy cars, guns and women. However, few realize that Mexican drug cartels are as ruthless and sadistic as Middle Eastern terror groups like ISIS with whom they actually have many tactics in common.
For most in America, the closest they have come to a drug cartel is the small-time drug peddler in the street corner, the glamorous TV shows, or the Mexican narco-ballads. However, taking a step back and looking at their entire structure, and how those drugs got from Central America or Mexico to the street corner in Chicago, can help show some hows drug cartels are in fact more dangerous than Middle Eastern terror groups.
1. They Are Responsible for the Drug Epidemic in America — The majority of the drugs that hurt Americans from El Paso to Chicago are shipped through Mexico. As Breitbart Texas recently reported, even Mexican drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman Loera bragged during a meeting with Hollywood activist and actor Sean Peen about how he was the largest importer of drugs. The claims even drew the ire of presidential candidate Marco Rubio who called the interview “grotesque”.
2. They Are Responsible for Mass Casualties — According to confirmed murder statistics by the Mexican government, cartel violence has been linked to more than 179,000 murders since 2006. Those statistics don't account for the tens of thousands of victims who have been kidnapped but their remains have yet to be found. In August 2010, Los Zetas executed 78 immigrants in the Mexican farming town of San Fernando. Just months later Mexican authorities found in the same area at least 47 mass graves with at least 193 yet unidentified bodies from victims who had been tortured by Los Zetas.
3. They Are Used to Fighting the Military, Not Policemen — While the United States has highly trained police units, Mexican drug cartels have been learning on the job and developing new urban warfare tactics. In border cities like Reynosa and Matamoros, the Gulf Cartel has devised strategies like the use of road spikes and blockades to slow down military forces during gun battles, Breitbart Texas has reported.
Despite their lack of proper training, cartel forces are used to large-scale gun battles where casualties are common.
4. Cartel Gunmen Are Not Afraid to Shoot It Out with U.S. Law Enforcement — While shootouts between cartel gunmen and cops in the U.S. are rare, there have been various dramatic cases of shootouts in Texas. In July 2014, a Gulf Cartel associate and member of the Texas Syndicate gang had a three hour shootout with Texas cops, Breitbart Texas reported. The gunman, Joaquin “El Cruzador” or the “Crosser” Cibrian, managed to wound two local police officers and barricaded himself in a house. Various SWAT teams responded to the scene and hours later they were able to kill him. He was wanted in connection with a drug execution in Texas.
5. Kidnappings, Torture and Beheadings Are Their Trademarks — From the fearsome Los Zetas, who just last month beheaded and dumped the remains of four victims in the Mexican border city of Piedras Negras, to the Mexican city of Matamoros, where the Gulf Cartel continues to bring terror to average citizens through kidnappings, extortion and murder, cartels continue to make money on the blood of the innocent.
Even billionaire drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman Loera, who is hailed by many as a modern-era Robin Hood who abhors violence, is in fact directly responsible for a large portion of the violence in Mexico. As previously reported by Breitbart Texas, Guzman himself allegedly resorted to beheadings, narco banners and even car bombs when he tried to move in to the Zetas stronghold of Nuevo Laredo, just a few feet away from Laredo, Texas.
6. If They Want You, They Can Get You, Even In America — While public information on the cases is rare, Mexican drug cartels have a history of kidnapping people in the United States and taking them to Mexico. As previously reported by Breitbart Texas, last September a Gulf Cartel squad crossed into Texas and kidnapped for ransom, an American citizen. In this particular case Mexican police were able to storm a house in Reynosa and rescue him. However, that rarely happens. In the past, Mexico's Gulf Cartel has in fact had kidnapping groups operating in Texas. One of those kidnappings resulted in the death of a man who was not their target but, in fact, was an innocent man.
7. They Really Can Get You — In September 2010, a team of cartel hit men executed two of their targets not far from the Cameron County Sheriff's Office in the border city of Brownsville Texas.
A team of at least three gunmen used silenced handguns to execute Omar Castillo Flores and his bodyguard Jose Guadalupe as they drove down the highway. Since then, authorities have managed to identify and charge three of the hit men but they have not been able to arrest them.
8. Anywhere, Not Just On The Border — A Mexican attorney for the Gulf Cartel had been living in the quiet affluent suburb of Southlake, near Dallas. Despite living in the United States, Juan Jose Guerrero Chapa became the victim of a rival cartel, as Breitbart Texas reported. A team of cartel hit men were able to track him down, carry out a complex surveillance operation and eventually execute him in front of his wife as the two left a Victoria Secret's store.
9. They Are In Your Neighborhood— A study carried out by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration shows in dramatic detail how Mexican cartels, primarily the Sinaloa Cartel run by Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman Loera, are able to operate all over the continental United States. Breitbart Texas reported on the findings of the study which reveals that the influence of a Mexican drug cartel can be felt in your neighborhood.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas you can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook.
Residents in a small town northwest of Edmonton say bright pink water coming out of their taps was a bit of a shock.
Vicki Veldhuyzen Van Zanten of Onoway says she got a call from a neighbour asking if her water was pink.
It wasn't, but a short time later her daughter called her from the bathroom to see purple water coming out of the taps.
Story continues below advertisement
It later turned a bright pink, and Veldhuyzen Van Zanten said she posted on a town Facebook page and found hundreds of others were experiencing the same thing.
Onoway Mayor Dale Krasnow posted a message Tuesday on the town's official website saying the public is safe and was not at any risk.
The town was doing its weekly wash of filters at the water treatment plant using potassium permanganate, which turns water pink when used in large quantities, when it got into the water distribution system, he said.
"Please be advised that public works along with 2 representatives from Alberta Environment have completed their assessment of the potassium permanganate incident and preliminary indications point to a problem with the automations and/or valves at the Water Treatment Plant during the back washing of the filters," Krasnow said.
"Further investigation will take place to determine the exact cause and repairs required."
Krasnow said it wasn't due to operator error.
The town drained its water reservoir and all lines have been flushed, but there may be some residual colour in some systems, the mayor said, adding property owners may need to run their water for a few minutes to clear their service lines.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"Could the town have done a better job of communicating what was going on yesterday to our community? Absolutely, without a doubt," Krasnow said in the post.
"And we do apologize for that. This is a situation we can certainly learn from and develop a strategy for better response and communication should we ever face the same or similar situation in the future."
Alberta Health Services says the pink water is safe to drink.
"Individuals with sensitive skin may wish to use an alternate source of water for bathing, at this time, due to small but potential risk for temporary skin irritation," AHS spokeswoman Shannon Evans said in an email.
She said AHS continues to work with Alberta Environment and the town of Onoway.
Veldhuyzen Van Zanten said she wouldn't drink the water, even if officials say it is safe. She said the water is clear coming out of her cold water taps, but not the hot water taps.
Story continues below advertisement
"It was weird. I just didn't use it, I had leftovers, I put what we had in the microwave, I didn't need water to make supper. But I'm sure other people had issues.
"It was very, very pink."
In a world that is run by various forms of financing and spending, countries are continuously dependent on institutions that provide for their ability to develop. And in a reality where even highly developed countries like the US, UK, and Germany are millions of dollars in debt, is it really surprising that developing countries are even more heavily dependent on institutions that offer loans?
Finances and development are quite complicated, however. Talking taxes, interest, and other money related matters are confusing to you and me as everyday citizens. So we sit back and let governments and the institutions with the fancy names – like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank – handle the finances. But…Money runs the world! I've (unfortunately) learned that you can rarely talk about anything these days without having the conversation return to how money works (or doesn't work in some cases).
While richer countries are able to continue functioning even in the throes of high debt, developing countries like Jamaica lack the GDP (gross domestic product) and infrastructure to sustain themselves. Infrastructure sounds like such an overwhelming word, but it's actually a surprisingly basic concept that may be the most important thing to focus on in developing countries. For Jamaica to make good use of its loans, it needs the basic necessities of any stable society. In other words, infrastructure encompasses building schools to educate the people, roads and transportation, and hospitals. So in theory, monetary institutions like the IMF and World Bank thus operate to provide loans to spur economic growth. Since the 1960s, Jamaica has been relying on funds from the IMF and World Bank in hopes that education, health and jobs will increase, and poverty will be eradicated. However, as we have previously seen from Julia's post on eradicating illicit crops, it is apparent that noble causes do not always yield positive effects. Without sufficient investment in infrastructure, a future of self-sufficiency cannot exist.
Throughout the history of IMF and World Bank policies in Jamaica, there have been situations like the heart-wrenching stories of local farmers pouring out gallons upon gallons of fresh milk from their dairy farms as a result of “development” projects. Powdered milk is subsidized and much cheaper than fresh, locally produced milk. These dairy farmers now have no way of supporting themselves and are forced to shut down. This wreaks havoc on the economy and creates more instability, for Jamaican farmers have no way of competing with the cheap products that are being imported daily. Acres of banana trees fester with fruit that cannot be sold because the liberalization standards of these financial institutions enforce mandatory free trade policies, propounding the notion that free trade will inevitably bring prosperity. Unfortunately, Jamaicans are feeling anything but prosperous these days. They can do little to combat these adverse effects, for if Jamaica does not adhere to the terms laid out by monetary institutions, then they will cease to receive still much needed funding. In actuality, these economic conditions are destructive towards agricultural development, which is sad given Jamaica's naturally rich and diverse agricultural background.
The lack of country-specific policies has hindered the stabilization of economies, and has rendered the IMF sometimes ineffective at the realization of its own goals. Many monetary policies seek only to correct problems for the short run and do not create comprehensive enough programs that take long-term issues into consideration. What we are witnessing is a tendency towards “one size fits all” economic policies, which is no way to effectively create change and positive development. These policies were initially created to decrease instability and foster growth, but this has not happened. Instead Jamaica has fallen into nearly 40 years of tumultuousness.
Unrealistic goals of monetary institutions are often complicated by the lack of knowledge of socio-cultural factors that may impact project success; we cannot simply expect that free trade will automatically bring success. So what can be done to combat this? While free markets have benefited some developing countries in the past, diversity of individual countries must be addressed. Jamaica is a prime example of a country that does not have the existing infrastructure or social structure to support such drastic change. I would love to see the coupling of fewer liberalization measures with some trade protections still in place. For example, if powdered milk ceased being imported to Jamaica, many local dairy farms would reopen for business and provide a fresh start in self-sufficiency and the job market. As I mentioned before, holding a “one size fits all” attitude wouldn't be very beneficial to the people of Jamaica.
A great eye-opening documentary on the adverse effects of IMF and World Bank economic aid in Jamaica can be seen in Life and Debt. The dangers of having too strong a focus only on the economy are highlighted, and we witness how strict and inflexible standards can end up displacing local efforts toward what could have been self-sufficiency.
A Prince George's County police officer has been charged with driving under the influence after he crashed his cruiser into a tractor-trailer Thursday morning and briefly left the scene, authorities said.
It's the second time that Officer Christopher A. Brown has been charged with driving under the influence, police said. In 2012, he was charged with driving under the influence and pleaded guilty the following year, according to police and online court records.
In the most recent incident, Brown, 31, was off duty and driving his cruiser along Interstate 495 near Pennsylvania Avenue about 2:30 a.m. when he clipped the back of a tractor-trailer, lost control of the cruiser and hit a guard rail, according to a police statement.
The driver of the tractor-trailer was not injured and called for help.
When officers arrived, they found the cruiser unoccupied, police said.
Police later learned that Brown had walked away from the scene and had come back on his own a short time later while officers were investigating the crash, police said.
Brown, who has been a Prince George's officer since 2009, has been charged with several counts of driving under the influence and speeding in Thursday's crash. He has been suspended with pay.
Police said he was also involved in a DUI in a marked cruiser in 2012. He pleaded guilty and was disciplined internally before he was allowed to return to duty.
“I find the circumstances surrounding this incident gravely troubling and I apologize to the community for the appearance of impropriety,” Police Chief Henry P. Stawinski III said in a statement. “Know that, as always, when I have the facts I will take appropriate action to remedy this and I will make the facts known to the public.”
Eric Zuesse, originally posted at strategic-culture.org
A standard technique by the aristocracy and its agents is to pretend that the existing government is too progressive, that it's pandering to the masses, not doing the ‘right' thing, which the ‘superior' people know that it ought to be doing — and which, coincidentally, will boost the wealth of the rich (and this wealth will then trickle down to everybody, as aristocrats routinely promise will happen). Here's an example of it:
On December 10th, the far-right Rosemary Righter (“Righter” is her actual name, not merely her ideology), of Rupert Murdoch's London Times, presented an opinion-piece in America's Politico (which itself derives from Republican Joe Albritton's now-defunct Washington DC conservative newspaper the Star), titled, “NATO's ‘Obama problem': The alliance is hamstrung by the least Atlanticist president since World War II.”
Her point in it is that the current U.S. President, who calls himself a Democrat (and so is unacceptable to Republicans no matter how right-wing he might actually be), lacks the requisite passion for war against the ‘threat' from Russia.
She says: “Obama, the least Atlanticist president in America's postwar history, viewed NATO as a Cold War relic and radically shrank the U.S. military presence in Europe.” But, that, “Then, in March 2014, Russia invaded Crimea, annexing it within 30 days on the pretext of a referendum held under conditions of armed occupation. Having openly carved off one slice of Ukraine, Putin then set about fomenting and arming a separatist rebellion in the country's Donbas region, brazenly denying the involvement of Russian troops.”
That's a string of lies; so, here are the facts, to show, from this example, how brazenly the agents of the aristocracy lie (and click onto the link here for anything about which you have any doubt regarding the given allegation's veracity):
Crimeans were horrified and frightened by the racist-fascist, ideologically nazi, government that had been imposed by the violent U.S.-sponsored and overseen Ukrainian coup in February 2014. The reason why Crimeans were terrified by the U.S.-installed new Ukrainian government after the U.S. coup had overthrown Ukraine's democratically elected President Yanukovych (and the areas that you see there which had voted the most for him were also the areas that resisted and protested against the coup once it happened) and that installed instead racist fascists, ideological nazis, to rule in his place, is well encapsulated here. This horrific event against entirely peaceful people is called by various names, including “the pogrom of Korsun.” Look at it (just click onto that word “here”). Then consider the fact that U.S. government-commissioned polls in Crimea, which were taken both before and after America's bloody Ukrainian coup in February 2014, found that Crimeans overwhelmingly wanted to be restored to Russia (of which Crimea had been a part until the Soviet dictator in 1954 transferred it to Ukraine, without so much as even asking Crimeans whether this would be okay with them); and consider also that this anti-Ukraine, pro-Russia, sentiment among Crimeans became even stronger once the U.S. had perpetrated its February 2014 Ukrainian coup, and once the Korsun massacre occurred. And, then, Crimeans became even more frightened of America's nazi-stooge regime when the Obama-regime rulers started in February 2015 to lay the foundations for invading Crimea. So: Righter's portrayal of the far-right Obama as if he were far-left isn't just a lie, it's ridiculous. And her portrayal of Putin as if he were what Obama constantly calls him — which is the biggest aggressor in the world (which is what Obama actually is) — is even worse.
And, as regards Righter's “Putin then set about fomenting and arming a separatist rebellion in the country's Donbas region,” the lie isn't any the more true on account of its ceasless repetition by America's lying President and press. Putin did nothing whatsoever to “foment” that civil war, which started on 2 May 2014 when the people whom Obama installed into power massacred entirely peaceful people in Odessa (mostly burned them alive inside the Trade Unions Building). Obama's hired thugs massacred Odessans who refused to accept the U.S.-imposed new government. That massacre is what sparked Ukraine's civil war. And it was done by Obama's people, not by Putin's.
Supporters of America's Democratic Party don't want to know this, because it shows Obama to be profoundly evil and far-right in foreign affairs; and, America's Republican Party don't want to know this, because they're no less evil than he is and they can't blame him for doing what Republicans (such as Righter) have always wanted America to do, which is to surround Russia by NATO countries and strangulate it.
In other words: the reality that has been documented here is unmentionable in the aristocratically controlled — both Democratic and Republican — press in the United States.
So: since the U.S. aristocracy is allied with the Saudi and other Sunni fundamentalist aristocracies that finance global jihad, the ‘villain' that they all focus on instead is the one they all hate, which is Russia — the country that protected the democratic right of the Crimean people to self-determination, and that still insists, despite refusal by Barack Obama, that the people of Syria likewise should democratically determine whom their leader should be.
And this is how the aristocracy revs up its suckers. They do it by lies — right and left.
Such sucker-baits ‘justify' military invasions and coups — such as in Libya, Syria, and Ukraine — not only in overtly fascist nations such as Germany and its allies in the 1930s, but in ‘democratic' nations such as America and its allies in our own time.
America and its fellow-fascist ally Turkey are now starting to shoot down Russian anti-jihadist bombers, and to re-invade Iraq.
World War III would be a lot worse than World War II. Is that what the U.S. and its allied aristocracies have in mind? The question really does need to be asked now, and it won't peacefully be answered unless the U.S. alliance becomes publicly shamed enough to back down. But, of course, overt far-right-wingers, such as Ms. Righter and U.S. Republicans, do all they can to make that option excruciatingly embarrassing for the ‘leftist' Obama, and his Party at home.
The only hope, really, would be for America's European allies to peel off, first one-by-one, then en-masse. If that doesn't happen, and fairly soon, then nuclear war probably will, because imagining a way to avoid it will then soon become extremely difficult, if not impossible.
If America and its allies don't back down, and soon, we're all in big trouble.
—————
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.
[UPDATE: After the publication of this post, Zamboni contacted us. They claimed that "Your article titled “Clear the Ice – the Driverless Zamboni is Coming” features improper references to our federally and internationally registered trademark, ZAMBONI." Our lawyers told us to go ahead and change it, because technically, they are correct. Therefore, every reference to an ice resurfacing vehicle, colloquially known as a Zamboni™, will be updated to "reflect the correct reference which would either be 'ice resurfacer' or 'ice resurfacing machine'" as per the company's wishes.]
Back in the good old days when I was a kid playing hockey in Canada, ice resurfacing machine drivers were the rock stars of the arena: smoking cigarettes as they cleaned the ice, blaring AC/DC on their Walkman, and sometimes swearing at you to “get the fuck off the ice.” Then they'd roll their slow cube on wheels through the open boards and into the abyss of the arena garage.
But now robots are about to take all of that away from every Canadian kid looking up to their ice resurfacing machine-driving heroes. According to a report in the Winona Daily News out of Minnesota, drivers should look out for their jobs, because the driverless Zamboni is on its way.
A local inventor from Winona named Paul Van Eijl said his driverless “Ice Jet” prototype system can do the job of a classic ice resurfacing machine in half the time. Using multiple robotic cleaners all controlled through GPS coordinates, the machines will outnumber the slow-moving traditional Zamboni. In other words, it's basically like a roomba system for ice cleaning.
Not only will it be completely machine operated, but Van Eijl says the autonomous ice resurfacing machine recycles the ice that's gathered, melts it into water, and re-uses it later for more resurfacing. With the added bonus of being electric—plenty of ice resurfacing machines still in use are gas or propane powered, and emit fumes—the Ice Jet could cut down on fuel fees and bad air for local arenas.
Cost effectiveness seems to be its greatest selling point. After first when you're a kid watching the ice resurfacing machine driver is a novelty. Then you get sick of watching it drive around in circles for 20 minutes. For arenas time is money and with multiple autonomous ice resurfacers cutting down on watering times, arenas could add extra games and reap additional revenues—all the while cutting down on the human wages of ice resurfacing machine operators.
Van Eijl told the Winona Daily News that the biggest challenge facing his prototype is the traditional role of the ice resurfacing machine driver and the nostalgic value they carry within hockey circles.
“The biggest challenge to the Ice Jet is the tradition of the ice resurfacing machine… The machine has been a staple of the game of hockey for over 60 years,” Van Eijl wrote in a business plan for his machine system quoted by the paper.
Apparently, some companies are circling Van Eijl's Ice Jet, with one NHL team (my guess is his local Minnesota Wild), already interested in the autonomous ice resurfacing system.
When autonomous ice resurfacing machines arrive, the loss of the classic "rink rat" will change Canadian arena culture forever. But let's face it, this technology makes perfect sense: GPS-guided robotics isn't really a new development any more and applying it to the ice resurfacing machine is a logical step. And the easily navigable and circular terrain of a hockey rink is practically begging for it. The only difference will be, instead of hockey players raving about local Joe's ice at the Cumberland arena—they can thank a team of autonomous ice resurfacing machines.
That being said, this isn't the first time a disruptive technology challenged the face of a traditional sport. Over the last few years FIFA was under major public scrutiny to institute goal-line technology for the World Cup to cut down on human errors and egregious missed calls like this one. FIFA eventually caved and it's trying it out in Brazil, while all the while some traditionalists moan that time spent on goal reviews will make games last well beyond the standard 90 minutes.
Similarly, quicker ice resurfacing machines could make for shorter breaks between games in the NHL or junior leagues, meaning the game will become more of an endurance race. That, or the commercial break times will maintain the status quo. The real change will be in local arenas where rising ice rental rates in Canada have driven enrollment numbers down in hockey. And it's a phenomenon some Canadian pundits call a crisis for our national sport. More revenues and cheaper ice time for local arenas could entice more participants. Even so, we're likely a few years away before the Ice Jet or other driverless ice resurfacing machines make it to the consumer world.
There's no denying ice resurfacing machine driving is a thankless job that local people in small towns all over Canada do. But not unlike the milkman, the nostalgic value of the job is usurped by practicality and the evolution of technology. In the end, there will be those who decry the loss of the Zamboni driver as a hockey tragedy and an attack on the foundation of Canadiana. But then the next generation of hockey players will grow up thinking the several little ice resurfacing machine robots that don't swear at them, are pretty chill after all.
Monster vaginas cost German tax payers millions
one trillion
An ever increasing flood of lawsuits against file sharers that are trading pornographic movies is starting to take its toll on the German justice system, according to a well-respected local law blog . Prosecutors of the German city Essen reportedly were asked to start as many as 10.000 criminal investigations based on the sharing of pornographic material during the last quarter alone. Even a small town like Wuppertal, home to roughly 360.000 people, gets about 2000 of these lawsuits per month.Most of these criminal investigations go nowhere. Only a few select cases have resulted in raids, much less in actual court decisions. But rights holders don't mind: They only care about name and address of the suspected porn fans that get revealed during the initial investigation. Once a company knows who is associated with a certain IP address, it uses this knowledge to send intimidating letters, complete with cost notices, threatening additional civil lawsuits if the alleged downloaders don't pay up.Prosecutors become increasingly tired of being used as some sort of law and order 411, and they are starting to wonder why they're supposed to pick up the tab for investigations that aren't meant to produce any real results in the first place. Lawblog.de reports that investigating a single IP address costs up to 50 Euro, which equals almost80 US dollars.German file sharers have been mobilizing against this kind of mass enforcement , calling it entrapment because fighting the lawsuit is oftentimes much more expensive than settling it. Plus of course not many users want to be part of a lawsuit that centers around porn titles like "Monster vaginas" or "Sperm flood".Luckily, porn fans in Wuppertal and elsewhere are now geting some relief: More and more prosecutors chose to ignore the requests of rights holders, according to Lawbog.de. Wuppertal's prosecutors recently called the mass enforcement requests "obviously inappropriate."(via gulli
Canal Park gained a unique drinking establishment today. The Slip, located in the historic Suites Hotel building at 325 S. Lake Avenue, opened at 5 p.m.
Named for the nearby Minnesota Slip, which is home to iconic William A. Irvin ore boat, the bar specializes in whiskey and features cocktails made with vodka and gin from the nearby Vikre Distillery. In addition to spirits, the Slip has six types of wine and three types of cider on tap as well as five beers from Hoops Brewing.
“I want it to be a place where people can feel comfortable and welcome,” says owner Paul Christensen. “The main focus is on great beverages for everyone.”
The bar occupies a 900-square-foot portion of the space that formerly housed the Timber Lodge Steakhouse. Area craft beer aficionados may already be familiar with the adjacent renovated space, where Hoops Brewing opened a month ago.
It's the first bar in the state to pose a solution to the conundrum that keeps friends who drink craft beer from hanging out with friends who don't — as current Minnesota law dictates brewery taprooms can only serve their own malt liquor.
Although the Slip and Hoops Brewing share an address and a bathroom, they are two distinct entities under different ownership. The Slip has its own entrance and is separated from the brewery taproom by a 3-foot dividing wall.
It's possible to pass between the two businesses through a half door or sit on one side of the wall while conversing with friends on the other. But per state law, drinks from the Slip have to remain within the walled-off area. Likewise, Hoops beers purchased on the brewery side (which has a wider tap selection) need to stay there.
It's about providing options for everyone, according to Christensen. “People can slip on in to the Slip or slip over from Hoops Brewing to have a cocktail,” he says.
Christensen is an entrepreneur who got his start in the service industry years ago in Utah, at a Papa Murphy's Take N' Bake Pizza shop. He moved to Duluth in 1999 to open and operate his own Papa Murphy's store and went on to open two more successful pizza shops in the Twin Ports, selling all three in 2014.
He says the unusual bar concept came about because he's always looking for new opportunities. He and Dave Hoops, proprietor of Hoops Brewing, have had a longtime friendship. The pair most recently worked together at Bev-Craft, a local brewery incubator.
The Slip will be open Monday through Saturday, from 3 p.m. to 1 a.m. Find out more from the bar's Facebook page.
Let's Dance Carinda: Outback town that starred in Bowie clip taps into history to kick-start new festival
Updated
In its heyday, Carinda was a bustling outback town — there was a cinema, shops, two football teams and a thriving community.
Now, there's a pub and a petrol station.
But that hasn't stopped the remaining residents of this far western New South Wales town coming together to keep their home on the map.
Carinda has looked back to its link to rock and roll history to kick-start what it hopes will be an annual festival.
Thirty-four years ago David Bowie surprised the tiny town with a visit — and no-one who was there that day has ever forgotten.
At 26 years of age, Jude Masman said she was star-struck.
She met the singer, who she considered her idol, and found herself speechless.
"I am just standing there going absolutely hopeless. I just wish I could have talked to him more," she said.
David Bowie's death last year refocused attention on the town, which the world-renowned artist used as a backdrop to expose what he saw as Australia's endemic racism.
'People need to have some fun'
Today, the people of Carinda remain as divided as ever over the point he was trying to make.
Mo Regan is one of the organisers of the event.
She returned to Carinda four years ago.
"You've got your racists and your non-racists and I think it is just everywhere. Australia is big on that," Ms Regan said.
Her sister, sitting next to her on the verandah of the pub Bowie made famous, disagrees.
"I think it is more the opposite way actually — I think we are less racist," she said.
The organisers of Let's Dance Carinda said the festival's key purpose was to bring people together to have some fun.
"Life on the land is hard. Years of dry weather takes its toll. People need to have some fun," they said.
The closest thing to the real Bowie
The town has turned to legendary Bowie tribute artist Jeff Duff — a performer whose own career has much in common with Bowie — to headline the town's festival.
Duff, who self-effacingly describes himself as "an A-lister in London for about five minutes", first met Bowie there in the 1980s when he came to see Duff perform.
They reconnected when Bowie lived in Sydney, and for a time they were neighbours.
For the people of Carinda, he is the closest they will ever get to seeing the real thing again.
"It's a gamble — putting up the money in the hope that people will come," one resident said on the eve of the festival.
Duff said he was happy to keep the memory of the artist alive.
"It's horrible to say that death had made him more popular, but it has," Duff said.
Call out around town cast the Let's Dance 'skit'
Jude Masman was in her 20s when Bowie came to town, and she almost missed seeing him.
"It was pretty much kept hush-hush until he showed up. Only the publican knew and he was told not to tell anyone," Ms Masman said.
Carinda was ultimately chosen because of the location of its hotel, on a corner, or so goes the folklore.
Ms Masman said who was chosen to appear in the video came down to a call-out around town.
"All the young people were out working [so] when they got here there was no-one in the pub so they had to ring up all around the town," she said.
"They got all the older people to come in, and they got the bus driver's wife, the policeman's wife and a few others and they were in the Let's Dance skit."
The chance to re-enact the video has come around again — this time it is Jeff Duff and his band paying homage to a legend.
Watch Ginny Stein's story on Lateline on Monday at 9:30pm AEDT on ABC News and 10:30pm on ABC TV.
Topics: music, rock, arts-and-entertainment, carinda-2831, nsw, australia
First posted
VOD Service Acetrax Shutting Down, Forcing Customers Through DRM Hoops To Retain Their Purchased Movies
from the controlling-the-horizontal-and-vertical-but-mainly-the-'purchases' dept
Does DRM stop (or even slow down) piracy? This question's hardly hypothetical. It's been answered with a resounding "no" all over the internet. Of course, it's been argued that DRM was never about piracy prevention, but instead was a vehicle for content owners to control the technology in the hands of the end users. If so, the answer isn't much different. It may provide a sense of control, but those who want to enjoy their purchased content on devices outside the confines of the imposed restrictions will easily find a workaround or two simply by doing a small bit of searching.
Whatever DRM's stated purpose is, there's only one thing it does extremely well: inconvenience paying customers. Acetrax, a video-on-demand service that serves millions of customers across Europe, is closing on June 21st. Unlike other service closures, Acetrax is at least providing a sort of "exit strategy" for purchasers, but it's one filled with busywork and limitations. [h/t to Techdirt reader techflaws for sending this in.]
After [the June 21st shutdown], owners of Windows PCs can download their films. Mac users can forget it, as can anyone hoping to re-download HD films. Even on Windows, it's standard definition only from that point.
Movies that users have previously downloaded will cease to play from that date, so re-downloading films is mandatory if you want to continue to be able to watch them. Re-downloaded films will be tied solely to the machine on which they're first played. Because they use Microsoft's Windows Media Player DRM, the films can't be transferred to any platform that doesn't support the copy-protection technology.
If you're watching on a laptop or PC (not including Mac), movies you've bought in standard definition (SD) are available to download directly from Acetrax.com. Just go to ‘My Movies' and click on the download icon. Once the download is finished, you'll need to have the latest version of Windows Media Player installed in order to watch it. Make sure you have the necessary rights on your computer and at least 2GB of hard-disk drive free on your PC or laptop so you have sufficient space to store the movie. Once the movie has successfully downloaded, you will need to play the movie for at least 5 minutes for us to validate the movie licence on your computer.
Acetrax has provided a FAQ that details everything purchasers can and can't do with their purchased movies . As stated above, purchased movies are standard def only and are tied to a single device running Windows Media Player. Purchasers will also need to set aside a bit of time to validate their already-purchased movies (and hope they're not rubbing up against a providers' data cap).From the Acetrax FAQ:This sort of time-killer is only going to make former Acetrax customershesitant to purchase digital downloads from online services and, obviously, those who have spent the most money will be wasting the most time re-downloading and re-verifying movies they've previously purchased.On a more positive note, Acetrax isn't limiting its offer to apologize and DRM to-do lists. Purchasers of HD movies are entitled to refunds, along with customers carrying unused credit on their accounts. (Caveat: refunds limited to those with PayPal or ClickandBuy accounts -- another unnecessary limitation, but at least it's the same as the options allowed for purchasing and renting.)While Acetrax is handling this shutdown better than others have in the same situation, the decision to lace its offerings with DRM causes the greatest headache for those purchasing the most. If Acetrax had decided to go DRM-free (not likely, considering the amount of major Hollywood films it carried), this shutdown would have been painless for its paying users.
Filed Under: drm, europe, failure, germany, vod
Companies: acetrax
Israeli troops on Sunday fired live ammunition into unarmed crowds of protesters who moved toward the barbed wire fence marking the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights (which is Syrian territory). Aljazeera reports:
Israeli troops have a lot of experience with crowd control and have tear gas and other non-lethal measures at their disposal, argues UN special envoy Richard Falk, and one can only therefore conclude that they were deliberately ordered to kill protesters with live ammunition as a lesson to anyone who wanted to try to stage such demonstrations in the future. That is, these shootings and woundings of unarmed protesters are a crime against humanity. Note that the soldiers were standing on Syrian territory (occupied) and shooting into Syrian territory.
There is no reason to question the sincerity of those who risked their lives. Israel captured the Golan Heights in 1967 from Syria. It is illegal according to the UN Charter for a state to permanently acquire territory from another nation-state, or for the occupying power to introduce significant change into the occupied territory. The population living in the occupied Golan is cut off from relatives in Syria. Some 400,000 Palestinian refugees, deprived of citizenship in any state by their families' expulsion from their homes by Israelis in 1948, live in Syria.
Israeli officials charge that Syria is promoting the protests to divert attention from its own violence toward protesters. But there is no evidence for this allegation, and Palestinians have every reason to protest their fate.
It would be fairer to say that Syria's execrable behavior is diverting attention from the Netanyahu government's crimes against Palestinians. The Arab Spring has made most governments in the region look bad, and Israel has not behaved better than the others.
Meanwhile, some 5000 Israelis of the Mensch variety marched in Tel Aviv in favor of a Palestinian state on Sunday. They were opposed by counter-demonstrations by the schlemiel faction.
Hundreds of young Muslims have been feeding the homeless on New Year's Eve and New Year's Day. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association (AMYA) have also been litter picking and street cleaning in Cardiff, Battersea, Wandsworth, Guildford, Aldershot, Birmingham, Liverpool, Yorkshire and Glasgow.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Whilst many associate New Year's with partying, and wake up late the next day, hundreds of Muslim youth hit the streets early on 1 January after morning prayers to make a clean start to the year. AMYA educates its young members that loving and serving one's nation is not only allowed in Islam, but a necessary part of being a Muslim. In our experience, the best way to instill this teaching into our members is by going out into local communities and helping wherever there is a need, irrespective of race, creed or gender. Street cleaning is a fantastic way to get people from different backgrounds to work together, literally working hand-in-hand. Of course, keeping our streets tidy is important, but no less so than the social divides that are broken down and the strengthening of community spirit resulting from such activities. – Farhad Ahmad, British Imam
The organisation hopes to dispel negative stereotypes through positive efforts including community work and volunteering.
Despite increasing negative attitudes towards Islam and Muslims, our Ahmadi Muslim Youth are looking to wash away the many misunderstandings by bringing the UK's rich communities closer together. – Mirza Waqas Ahmad, The National President of AMYA
The Youth Leader for Cardiff, Kaleem Ahmed said that cleaning the streets of Cardiff gives the young people an opportunity to become better Muslims as cleanliness is an integral part of their faith. Mr Ahmed said “we are peace loving British Muslims and will continue to do all we can to serve our local community wherever there is a need.”
Over the winter break, AMYA Cardiff have organised a variety of charitable activities including blood donation sessions, charity collections, Children's hospital and Nursing home visits.
In 2016 AMYA members have held over 5,200 community cleaning sessions, fed over 10,000 homeless people, planted 10,000 trees, donated blood sufficient to save over 12,900 lives, helped over 10,000 people following the Cumbrian floods, raised over a quarter of a million pounds for UK charities, and volunteered for over 140,000 hours.
These young and proud British Muslims and their tireless work has often been overshadowed in the media by stories about extremism, radicalisation and terrorism, which have nothing to do with them. 2017 will be an even bigger year for AMYA in terms of charity and community service. The very best way that we can combat negative stereotypes is by doing even more to serve this great nation and by raising our voices, even louder, against extremism and in support of the true, peaceful and pluralistic teachings of Islam. – Farhad Ahmad, British Imam
Advertisements
ATLANTA -- Senator David Perdue (R-Georgia) says he is not avoiding voters angry about the first few weeks of the Donald Trump presidency. But Perdue says he's also planning no town hall meetings this week either.
Perdue has been a very vocal surrogate for Donald Trump since the campaign. Since Trump's election, some of Perdue's constituents have been very vocal about their disdain for the President's policies – and contend that Perdue has been hiding from them.
RELATED | Ralliers gather for fourth week straight, demand meeting with Sen. Perdue
Perdue was at the Capitol Wednesday, taking photos with members of the legislature. His appearance here was not publicized by his press operation. Over the last five weeks, Georgia critics of President Trump have requested a town hall-style meeting with Senator Perdue. A large crowd of those folks gathered Tuesday at Perdue's Atlanta office, as they have weekly since January. Perdue has declined to have such a meeting.
Sign up for the daily Speed Feed Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the Speed Feed Please try again later.
Submit
PHOTOS | Protesters rally outside Sen. David Perdue's Atlanta office
PHOTOS: Protestors rally outside Sen. David Perdue's Atlanta office <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p> <p>For the fourth week straight, a crowd of rougly 100 ralliers gathered outside the downtown Atlanta office of Sen. David Perdue to demand a town hall meeting with the Congressman.</p>
"I do it differently. I engage individually and in small groups. And I do a lot of that in this state," Perdue told reporters Wednesday. "So (the town hall is) a method some people do. I do the tele-town halls. We've done that. But I get a better reaction and better information when I'm talking to people individually about their critical issues."
Some Republicans in Congress have had some very uncomfortable experiences with some of their left-leaning constituents over the last few weeks, especially at town hall-style meetings.
Caroline Stover, a DeKalb County resident who was at Perdue's office Tuesday, said Wednesday the senator "really seems to be hiding.”
Perdue says he has private meetings planned this week with constituents and business owners and state leaders. His staff will hold mobile office hours at the Henry County Farm Bureau in McDonough Thursday but Perdue says he won't be there.
Ski industry experts are closely watching an effort by a group hoping to raise $20 million to purchase Saddleback and create what would become only the nation's second cooperatively owned ski resort.
Peter Stein, a homeowner at Saddleback and the chair of the nonprofit Saddleback Mountain Foundation, said his group had discussions with the Berry family, which owns the Rangeley ski area.
Saddleback never opened last season and the ski area is for sale. A group interested in it said there's a narrow path to opening this winter. Associated Press/Robert F. Bukaty
But Stein cautions that his group – composed of Saddleback skiers and local business owners – still has much work to do, including creating a business plan. The group has yet to raise any money, he said.
“We don't want to announce details until we have a completed (business) plan and agreement with the current owners. They're considering it. We don't want to get everyone's hopes up,” said Stein, who has lived full-time at his Saddleback condo in Sandy River Plantation since June.
But, he added, “There is a narrow but viable path to open this winter.”
The Berrys announced in July 2015 that unless they secured $3 million for a new chairlift they would close Saddleback. They failed to get the financing and by September 2015 announced they were in negotiations to sell the ski area. Saddleback never opened last winter and remains up for sale.
The owners, Bill and Irene Berry, and Saddleback General Manager Chris Farmer didn't respond to messages seeking comment Wednesday.
The cooperative effort has been in the works since March. In August, the group launched an online survey to gauge interest in their effort.
In text accompanying the survey, the group said it needs to raise $20 million over four years to make the ski area self-sustaining, and in the first year they need to raise $3 million to $6 million “and fast.” The group also wanted to see “how much people are willing to invest upfront and over the next four years so that we can demonstrate to the current owners and other interested parties that indeed the community is willing to step up and take control of the ski area.”
“The response to the survey was excellent,” Stein said, but came short of giving specifics on what was learned from the survey.
Only once have season pass holders at an Alpine resort formed a cooperative ski area where the board of directors is made up of the skiers who own shares of stock: Mad River Glen in Fayston, Vermont.
Mad River became a cooperative in 1995. Today it has 2,300 shares owned by 1,800 individual skiers.
“It became clear pretty early on that this would work,” said Eric Friedman, Mad River Glen's marketing director for two decades.
“Within three to four years we realized, ‘OK, everything is going our way. Shares are selling. People are coming here who have an affinity for the place.' We knew it was going to work.”
Stein said the Saddleback Mountain Foundation group has looked closely at the Mad River Glen model and it's encouraging, but they realize it's not a similar situation.
“Saddleback is unique. The fact Mad River Glen has been profitable 15 out of the last 20 years gives you hope,” Stein said.
Mad River Glen is very different from Saddleback.
At Mad River there is no grooming and no snowmaking. It relies entirely on natural snow. It also has old-school, two-person lifts, terrain ranked by Ski magazine as the most challenging in the East, and a mantra that boasts: “Ski it if you can.”
Saddleback, by comparison, is billed as being made up of 80 percent of intermediate terrain, according to the Saddleback cooperative group's online survey. It requires snowmaking and grooming. And the faithful season pass holders have demanded a new high-speed quad lift in recent years.
Others in the ski industry are cautiously optimistic that the Saddleback Mountain Foundation could complete a purchase deal and successfully organize into a group that could run the ski area.
“If there is a willing buyer and a willing seller it could be a good alternative,” said Les Otten, the former CEO of American Skiing Co., which operated several resorts, including Sugarloaf and Sunday River, in the 1980s and '90s.
“But I don't know enough to say anything other than it's not out of the question. I can't see why it won't work.”
Sunday River General Manager Dana Bullen also said there's no reason to think it couldn't work.
Bullen said when Boyne Resort took over Sunday River, it implemented as a complement to the Sunday River mountain operations and front-office team an advisory group made up of members of the community, similar to a board of directors at a cooperative.
“Our advisory council is made up of condo, hotel and homeowner presidents, town managers from Newry and some others. And we meet with them up to four times a year,” Bullen said.
The Berrys bought Saddleback and 8,000 acres around it in 2003, and invested $40 million worth of improvements. Farmer said last year that the Berrys had to supplement the operational costs of Saddleback since 2008.
Saddleback drew between 80,000 and 100,000 skiers in its last few seasons of operation, according to the Berrys, and was the third-largest employer in the winter in Franklin County, with 350 employees.
Share
Jeremy Guscott: Lions must play Welsh way and look for tries
Posted on by in Jeremy Guscott
As much as we Lions supporters didn't want it to go to the last game we really do have something special in store now and I'm intrigued to see how the Lions play in Sydney.
The safe option is to play territory and defend, hoping the Aussies will attack from deep and give away penalties in their own half. The bold call would be to go out and play some rugby, thinking if the Lions can score three tries on Saturday they will win.
But they must figure out how to score tries again, and I think they should adopt a similar strategy to the first Test in Brisbane. If they decide to play like they did yesterday, they must be more clinical, earn more penalties and be further ahead at half-time. Three points up wasn't enough here – six could have been if they had backed it up with all-out attack in the final stages.
The Lions looked so up for this match in the first 20 minutes and were the more physical side, dominating the collisions and bossing the breakdown. Everyone was getting stuck in and they secured some important early turnovers. It seemed referee Craig Joubert was getting the game back to what the Lions were used to – and off the back of that it looked like we would start to play.
But that didn't happen. I thought Jonathan Davies and Brian O'Driscoll were pretty quiet in midfield and the ball rarely got into the hands of our danger men out wide, Tommy Bowe and George North. We seemed to lack the usual cutting edge back-play we have grown accustomed to on this tour. It was as if we had changed mindset – looking to win penalties and then rely on Leigh Halfpenny to get us all the points we need.
Australia were taking all the risks and playing all the rugby. I thought they might blow it themselves because of that and it was brave play. Especially on 71 minutes when they opted for the scrum and called a pretty audacious move with James O'Connor trying to slip inside before he threw a wild pass to Israel Folau. That was a big moment – it could have been a defining moment – and we got out of jail.
But they came again and attacked with a well-worked move to score the game's only try. O'Connor ran into the space between Davies and O'Driscoll, attracting both of them. If there is one guy who you can rely on to make a tackle it is O'Driscoll, but Davies hesitated and got into no-man's-land with Adam Ashley-Cooper cutting a great line to go through.
Christian Leali'ifano stepped up to write himself into the history books – for the Aussies it will always be remembered for his conversion to win the game – and although Halfpenny had a shot to win it I think he knew it would have to be such a sweet strike to kick it further than he has in a long time.
Australia deserved it because they went out to win it while the Lions were holding on. It begs the question: did the Lions miss their opportunity? It was 61 minutes when the Lions went out to 16-9 and from then on they just tried to slow the game down even more.
If you do that you have to be so clinical by playing to the corners and getting the line of defence up.
Against most sides that would close out the game. But 19 minutes is a long time to play against Australia. And although the Aussies kept spilling the ball and ruining their own momentum, you simply can't deny their spirit and will to win.
There is a big question now over how the Lions play next week, because the centres were pretty anonymous. The big call, and I don't think Warren Gatland is afraid of making this kind of decisions, is to put Jamie Roberts back in or play Manu Tuilagi at 12, with Jonathan Davies outside.
But with Sam Warburton a real doubt and Paul O'Connell already out, I don't think Gatland will do that because you can imagine O'Driscoll is the player the other guys look to. And if he is talking confidently within the camp this week they will take inspiration from him. He has been, and will be, integral to this squad. As much as dropping him would be the right call in a lot of ways I don't think that will happen.
Gatland said he was resting Mike Phillips in case the scenario arose where we go to Sydney needing to win – and it has. Ben Youngs didn't do anything wrong particularly, but I don't think he did enough to keep the spot. So I think Phillips will come back in to add his experience. Plus I think the Aussies are too reliant on Will Genia.
If he isn't firing then they go to Israel Folau – and after that they are stymied. So Phillips could play a big role next week if his knee is 100 per cent.
Genia is the catalyst for everything the Wallabies do. O'Connor is a great talent but he doesn't dominate the game. They had enough ball to do that here but because he can't kick and isn't a seasoned fly-half, it forced the Aussies to carry a lot of balls and take risks. And when they do that in their own half they can concede penalties, which happened in the first half.
But the Aussies deserved to win because of the ambition they showed. The Lions came out of the first Test and said they were disappointed despite winning because they didn't feel as if they'd played to their best. And again in this game they must feel like they didn't do themselves justice. There was very little attacking play, there was more kicking to gain territory and putting the Aussies under pressure.
The second Test is always the most brutal due to the nature of the situation – one team up, one team down. And a team with their backs against the wall, under pressure, generally have a bigger incentive. The Lions have a tough job now because what bigger incentive did they need? Surely finally to get the monkey off their back by winning a series after 16 years is enough.
Now they have a couple of days rest but must get themselves up. Nearly every head was down and they have to be positive again. The coaches have to earn the corn by making these guys believe.
Training has to be sharp and they must work out a way to go through the phases like the Australians – and create some try-scoring positions.
Last week they created three or four very good opportunities and they must work out how to score tries again. They are unlikely to win without that and I think the mindset must be to go out and score tries, free themselves and take it to the Aussies.
As a player you want to be immortal and win a Lions series. You realise how big it is when you speak to the players who won the 2003 World Cup and also won on the 1997 Lions tour – and some say the Lions tour was the pinnacle of their career because you are selected to be the best of the best.
These guys need to soak all that pressure up, understand the magnitude of it while not letting it affect the way they play – and that is very difficult. But what a challenge, what an opportunity.
As much as the Lions were lucky last week, they were unlucky this week. The Aussies have momentum now and are favourites. But the Lions have every chance of winning.
They have a choice – do we play an English-based game and hope to win by penalties, or play a Welsh game which is running more and looking for tries. It's too close to call and that's why we love this game. I just hope they accept the pressure, play with ambition like Australia did here and show the world why the Lions are so special.
Tagged British and Irish Lions, Jeremy Guscott
(CNN) Some Southern lawmakers want to keep Confederate monuments and symbols right where they are. They're proposing new state laws to keep them in public by banning local governments from removing the controversial landmarks.
In 2015, calls to remove Confederate symbols and monuments heated up after the massacre of nine black parishioners in a Charleston, South Carolina, church by a self-described white supremacist.
After the shooting, South Carolina lawmakers voted to remove the Confederate flag from statehouse grounds.Alabama confronted the issue by taking down Confederate flags from the state Capitol , while other states ended Confederate specialty license plates.
Workers prepare to take down the Jefferson Davis statue Thursday in New Orleans.
On Thursday, the city of New Orleans removed the statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis as part of an effort its City Council started two years ago to take down four Confederate monuments.
At least 60 publicly funded symbols of the Confederacy have been removed or renamed since the mass shooting in Charleston, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center
But some lawmakers are striking back by drafting state laws that would bar local governments from removing any more Confederate monuments and symbols.
Similar laws already exist in states such as North Carolina and Tennessee that prevent local authorities from removing war memorials from public places. Last year, a Tennessee law kept the city of Memphis from relocating a statue of Nathan Bedford Forrest , a Confederate lieutenant general whom many historians consider the first grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Proponents say that the emblems and landmarks represent history and heritage, and that efforts to remove them is political correctness run amuck. But critics say the monuments are painful, and pay homage to slavery and racial injustice.
Here are efforts underway in some states to prohibit such removals and where they stand now:
Louisiana
Twelve Republican lawmakers in Louisiana have authored a bill to ban local governments from removing war memorials.
Called the Louisiana Military Memorial Conservation Act, the bill bars all structures, plaques, statues or monuments that mark certain US wars, including the Civil War, from being "altered, removed, relocated, or destroyed."
It allows local governments to take down a memorial only if voters approve the action at "an election held for that purpose." The bill also allows for the state to take action to protect, preserve or repair a memorial.
House Bill 71 passed its third reading in committee last week and heads to a floor debate on Monday.
The bill is being considered as New Orleans pulled down a Confederate monument -- the second of four -- this week after years of debate and legal battles.
Even if the bill passes, it's unlikely to have an effect on the city's efforts to take down two remaining monuments. The statues of Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard are likely to have been dismantled by the time the state bill could pass and go into effect.
Alabama
JUST WATCHED Where the Confederate flag is still seen Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Where the Confederate flag is still seen 01:08
Both the state Senate and House approved the Alabama Memorial Preservation Act of 2017, which prohibits making changes to standing monuments, including those honoring the Confederacy.
After it goes through the Senate again, the bill could end up on the desk of Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey
Senate Bill 60 would bar the "relocation, removal, alteration, renaming, or other disturbances of monuments located on public property which have been in place for 20 or more years."
Local governments that want to change a public monument would have to petition a newly created Committee on Alabama Monument Protection.
Mississippi
The Mississippi Legislature adopted the current state flag in 1894.
It's the last state flag to feature the Confederate battle emblem. After the Charleston shooting, several municipalities in Mississippi removed the state flag from government property, as did the University of Mississippi and the University of Southern Mississippi.
This year, several proposals popped up in the Legislature trying to force the universities to fly the state flag.
One Senate bill required public universities to "prominently display and fly the state flag each day of the year" to qualify for tax exemptions.
Another proposal sought to withhold 25% of a university administrative head's salary if his or her school didn't fly the flag.
JUST WATCHED Ole Miss students want state flag taken down Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ole Miss students want state flag taken down 01:06
Those measures died in committee during this year's session.
Virginia
Backlash to local governments removing Confederate monuments propelled a Virginia bill through the Legislature and onto the desk of Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe last year.
The bill would have prevented local governments from moving or changing war memorials.
McAuliffe vetoed the measure last year, explaining in a statement that "this legislation would have been a sweeping override of local authority over these monuments and memorials including potential ramifications for interpretive signage to tell the story of some of our darkest moments during the Civil War."
But McAuliffe's veto didn't end the debate.
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata still firmly believes they can turn around the fortunes of the Wii U with a single piece of software. Iwata points towards Pokémon on the Game Boy as a prime example of this and says that while they're struggling with the console at the moment something like this could well happen again. Do you think a single piece of software could change the Wii U's fortunes?
On another front, we have witnessed one single software title completely change the entire picture of our business many times. I believe one of the most impressive stories was the time when people thought the Game Boy platform was virtually over. However, a software title called “Pokémon” turned things around for the platform and ended up creating the biggest annual sales for Game Boy in the latter half of the platform's eventual lifecycle. Therefore, we do not believe that the situation so far means that there will not be a bright future. However, we should learn from our experiences of not being able to perfectly respond to certain social changes such as changes in the way consumers collect and receive information.
HouseOfNames > Digital Products > Coat of Arms and Family Crest
Family Crest Image (JPG) Heritage Series - 300 DPI Item: JPG-1001-300 | Read all 12 reviews
Product Details © Copyright symbol is removed from your ordered product
Download after payment processed + extra copy sent by email
8 1/2 x 11" (letter size), 300 DPI
Perfect for school projects, letterheads, stationery, business cards... More $15.50 Last Name for this Product:
Please enable Active Scripting to use this website.
Origin: Scottish
Style: 150 DPI, 300 DPI, 600 DPI
Product Details © Copyright symbol is removed from your ordered product
Download after payment processed + extra copy sent by email
8 1/2 x 11" (letter size), 300 DPI
Perfect for school projects, letterheads, stationery, business cards... More
Size: 4.5 x 7.1 Inch Image 4.5 x 7.1 Inch Image NOTE: This product is Downloadable after payment processing. Perfect for school projects, letterheads, stationery, business cards, genealogy title pages, personalized Christmas Cards.... This is an enhanced 300 dpi jpg image with shading to highlight the coat of arms/family crest. Best Quality - The difference between this style and the basic style is a degree of shading that has been applied adding depth to the image. The Coat of Arms & Family Crest once associated with your surname sent to you as a quality JPG computer image. No Shipping Charge on this item! All orders will be emailed minutes after processing.
Customer Reviews Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
JW from Chandler, AZ
The first jpg I received wasn't printing in the quality I wanted. So I contacted Jodi at House of Names and she promply emailed me higher dpi and it worked excellent.Thank you for the excellent customer service. best regards Jason (JW)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
BDH from Kingman, AZ
Bought the cost of arms extended letter plus jpg of cost of arms. Really nice! (BDH)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
RM from Barrow, AK
excellent. the images are beautiful. thank you!! (RM)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
C from Shoreline, WA
So far, so good. Great quality image on the one I have received so far. Going for my second image now. (C)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
MG from Monroe, LA
No hassle and no guess work. Just clicked on my order number and got my image. Integration with PayPal was great too. Thanks guys! (MG)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
KM from Williamsburg, VA
It was very simple and painless, and I was able to download my House of Names product in seconds. The instructions were not accurate, however. I had to use the "save as" option after I right-clicked on the image, because I didn't have a "save image as" or other option. I was concerned that I might make the whole thing go away, but it downloaded perfectly. (KM)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
JT from Greenwood, AR
I was able to use the digital print for a wall cling. We used it for a cruise family reunion door decorating contest. The quality of the image was perfect for the company to print it for me! Thank you so much (JT)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
BW from San Diego, CA
Image looks great! (BW)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
BSL
It is wonderful...
Thank you soooo very much for the image. It is wonderful... Thanks again (BSL)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
MMN
Thank you for your fantastic service.
Thank you for your fantastic service. I could not believe howeasy it was to order this digital crest. However I would hve loved to order the Heraldry history and crest together as a digital image since I have no time to wait t for it if sent by post. You should have more digital offers. Thanks a million, (MMN)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
MH
Thank you for replacing my lost coat of arms images. I really appreciate it. Your customer service is outstanding, truly a "Best Practice," and it is why I will keep coming back and keep telling my friends about House of Names in the future. (MH)
Would you recommend this product to a friend? YES
DD
beautiful downloadable coat of arms pictures.
Wow - that was so quick - ordered the jpg coat of arms and then went to my e-mail and there it was in my inbox already - beautiful downloadable coat of arms pictures. Thank you so much for your easy online order form and quick response. (DD)
A 21-year-old Long Island man is accused of using a laser to interrupt a flight as it flew over Suffolk County
LISTEN: WCBS 880's Sophia Hall reports https://cbsnewyork.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/laser.mp3
Green lasers are sold on the internet and are so powerful, they could cause a pilot to lose control, said Suffolk County police inspector Stewart Cameron.
“These powerful lasers beams can travel hundreds to thousands of feet,” said Cameron.
The inspector says a private airplane was traveling near MacArthur Airport when someone pointed a laser at the pilot, blinding him for a few moments.
That's when police were then called.
“We sent one of our helicopters to investigate and it was also lased,” said Cameron.
Soon after, 21-year-old David Smith of Saint James was arrested. He's facing local police charges and the case was also turned over to the terrorism task force.
“Some people may think this is a harmless prank, but if the pilot is blinded, it could result in an aircraft accident,” Cameron said.
Smith is charged with obstructing government administration. The case is still ongoing.
According to the FAA, laser incident reports have increased dramatically. There were 300 reports in 2005 and 2,836 in 2010.
Please leave a comment below…
The MINIX NEO Z64 is a quadcore Intel mini PC by famed mini PC manufacturer MINIX. Whilst MINIX have traditionally played in the Android Mini PC space with popular devices such as the X8-H Plus, the MINIX NEO Z64 breaks the mold by coming in both Android and Windows variants. I was fortunate enough to review the Windows Edition, also known as the MINIX NEO Z64W.
Thanks to GeekBuying for providing me a sample to review. You can purchase the MINIX NEO Z64 from them.
Click here to view the Windows edition or, alternatively, click here for the Android edition.
What Is It?
A compact Windows mini PC powered by a quadcore Intel processor. Its low power requirements and fanless design make it an ideal HTPC or desktop.
MINIX NEO Z64 Technical Specifications
Chipset: Intel Baytrail quad core processor with Intel HD graphics (Z3735F)
RAM: 2 GB DDR3
Storage: 32GB eMMC + microSD slot up to 128GB
Video & Audio Output: HDMI 1.4, 3.5mm Audio
Connectivity: 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0
USB: 2x USB 2.0 port
OS: Windows 8.1 with Bing (32-bit)
What's in the box?
MINIX have given the basics to get started inside the box:
1x MINIX NEO Z64 Mini PC
1x HDMI Cable
1x Power Adapter
1x English Instruction Manual
1x Warranty Card
I'm glad to see that MINIX have included a HDMI cable inside the box, as both Windows boxes that I have tested so far – the PiPO X7 and VOYO Mini PC – haven't included one.
MINIX NEO Z64 Unboxing
MINIX NEO Z64 Design
As I mentioned in my impressions article, the MINIX Z64 looks identical to other MINIX NEO devices such as the MINIX NEO X8-H Plus. There's no greater evidence of this than the large Android logo engraved underneath the case, despite running Windows. It's a little odd but doesn't have any meaningful impact on the device.
The device feels solid and has real weight to it which I haven't noticed in other devices, even the excellent PiPO X7. This makes the Z64 feel like a “premium” device.
The front of the device houses the power LED and IR sensor, although without an included remote, I'm not sure what it is compatible with. Moving around to the right of the device, we have the power button, microSD card slot and 2 USB 2.0 ports.
Finally, the bulk of the ports are located at the rear. Moving from left to right, we have 3.5mm audio, HDMI out, Ethernet and DC In. A WiFi antenna also makes an appearance on the left side.
The biggest issue here is that MINIX have only included 2 USB 2.0 ports, which means you'll only have a single USB port spare after connecting a mouse/keyboard. I'd definitely invest in a good USB hub to bridge the gap.
MINIX NEO Z64 Initial Impressions
In order to boot the device, you need to first press the power button. The Z64 boots quickly, with a cold boot taking just 13 seconds to reach a usable state. Resuming from standby is essentially instantaneous. Windows performance has been excellent so far, with everything feeling smooth and no hint of lag. During my brief bit of testing, I didn't notice any heat-related throttling at all, which some people have complained about on some other Windows PCs.
Though the device comes with 32GB of eMMC storage, this isn't all usable as it's split into 3 partitions: a 100MB system partition, a 4.1GB recovery partition and a 24.7GB main partition that the OS resides on. This means that out of the box, you have 20.1GB free to use. Thankfully, you can install an SD card to increase the available storage.
MINIX NEO Z64 User Interface and Included Apps
It's Windows 8.1 with Bing! There's really not much to elaborate on, as Windows 8.1 is consistent across all devices. The Intel Z3735F is sufficiently powerful to handle Windows 8.1, with menu navigation and opening apps feeling fast and smooth. Windows 8.1 with Bing comes activated – although I'd expect no less from MINIX, given their reputation in the mini PC market.
MINIX NEO Z64 Media Playback
To test video playback, I fired up Kodi 14.2 RC1.
If you're planning on streaming movies and TV shows with Kodi, protect yourself with a VPN. Why do you need a VPN for Kodi? Anonymous online streaming
Bypass geo-blocks and access ALL Kodi add-ons
Prevent ISP throttling and tracking
Hide Your IP Address Protect your privacy and security when using Kodi. Subscribe to the highly recommended IPVanish VPN now (save up to 46% with this link) to stay safe and private or check out our Best VPN for Kodi guide to learn more.
Video CodecKodi 14.2 RC1
1080p 3D SBS H.264 OK 1080p 3D ABL H.264 OK 1080p30 H.264 OK 1080p High Bitrate H.264 OK 1080p60 H.264 OK 720p50 H.264 OK 1080i50 H.264 OK 4K H.264 OK 1080p HEVC Unwatchable (Too many skipped frames) 1080p VP8 OK 720p Hi10p Watchable (Some Dropped Frames) 1080p Hi10p Watchable (Some Dropped Frames) 1080p MPEG2 OK 720P RMVB OK 1080p VC1 OK 1080p VP8 OK
I was really impressed at how well the MINIX Z64 handled the media files I tested on it. I had no issues with the more demanding codecs such as 4K H.264, 1080p60 H.264 and, surprisingly, even Hi10p was watchable. Automatic framerate switching worked as expected.
MINIX NEO Z64 Gaming Performance
To test gaming performance, I installed 2 games – 1 2D and 2 3D titles:
Gaming performance was respectable given the relatively weak GPU in the device. Jetpack Joyride was silky smooth and even Beach Buggy Blitz maintained an excellent framerate on maximum settings. Even Asphalt 8 played relatively well, maintaining approximately 25-30fps at 1080p throughout several races. I didn't notice any performance drops to suggest thermal throttling like I saw in the VOYO Mini PC which is excellent.
Gaming Controllers and Bluetooth
I connected my iPega 9025 controllers over Bluetooth without any issue. I was also able to connect my Tronsmart Mars G01 which was recognized as a Xbox 360 controller and use it in both Beach Buggy Racing and Asphalt 8.
MINIX NEO Z64 Networking Performance
WiFi Performance
To test out WiFi performance, I used iperf (iperf –t 60 -c SERVER_IP -r) to test networking bandwidth. Wifi performance was good, with upload and download speeds of 13.6 Mbps and 15.1 Mbps respectively. Web browsing and watching YouTube videos over WiFi felt fast and I didn't experience any buffering when streaming a 1080p video from an NFS share.
Ethernet Performance
Ethernet bandwidth was tested using the same procedure as WiFi, with the device connected to a Gigabit Ethernet port on my router. As expected, Ethernet speeds were good, with upload and download speeds of 90.1 Mbps and 87.4 Mbps respectively. This correlates with what we saw on the similarly specc'ed PiPO X7.
MINIX NEO Z64 Benchmarks
Interestingly, the MINIX Z64 achieved signifiicantly higher read and write speeds across the board than the VOYO Mini PC.
MINIX NEO Z64 Temperatures
Temperatures were measured after a barrage of benchmarks using an IR thermometer. With an ambient temperature of 23.3°C, the top and bottom case temperatures were 43°C and 51.4°C respectively. I didn't experience any thermal throttling, with temperatures maxing out at around 75°C under extreme load. It's clear that MINIX have done an excellent job on keeping the SoC cool.
MINIX NEO Z64 Power Consumption
Powered Off Standby Idle Load 0 W 2.9 W 4.6 W 8.7 W
MINIX NEO Z64 Additional Photos
Getting One
I recieved my MINIX NEO Z64 from GeekBuying. If you're interested in getting one for yourself, you can purchase one from them: Windows or Android.
Alternatively, it's also available from GearBest (Windows or Android) and Amazon (Windows or Android)
Share Your Experience!
[minix-z64-deal]
Have you bought a MINIX NEO Z64? What do you use yours for? How well do you feel it performs?
It's simple and elegant, since PHP 5.4 introduced short array syntax:
$everySingleArrayInitializationFromNowOn = [];
Why this step? An alarming large amount of websites still runs on PHP 5.3, which does not get updated anymore since 2014/08/14, after one year of “security only” support. In other words, the next critical security hole will only be fixed for versions above 5.4. By the way, active development of the PHP 5.4 branch was discontinued on 2014/09/14. it's already in the “security only” phase. On 2014/08/28, PHP 5.6 has been released, on 2013/06/20, almost 1.5 years ago, PHP 5.5.
So, by now, in the year 2014 everybody should work on PHP 5.5, right? That's the theory, in practice it looks like this:
Source: http://blog.pascal-martin.fr/post/php-versions-stats-2014-10-en
Almost half of the Alexa Top 1M Sites that run on PHP, state the version 5.3, ca. one quarter even 5.2, which is not supported since Jan. 2011. PHP 5.2.17 even is the most used patch version in this statistic.
There are probably many reasons:
“never touch a running system” mentality
Not or not sufficiently maintained servers
Incompatible frameworks and legacy applications
I want to go into some background briefly.
Debian
Debian Linux follows a philosophy with its stable releases, that only established packages that were put to the acid test are included and thus is usually 1-2 minor versions behind. But Debian has a special role since security paches from current versions are still applied. The current oldstable Debian 6 (“Squeeze”) was shipped with PHP 5.3.3 and patched continuously until end of security support on 2014/03/31. Thus, according to the statistic, 5.3.3 is the most common patch version of 5.3. Debian Squeeze is planned to receive “Long Time Support” (LTS) until Feb. 2016, a new concept with a team of volunteers (see https://wiki.debian.org/LTS/). We wil see if this results in PHP 5.3.3-debian being securiry wise up to date.
The current stable version Debian 7 (“Wheezy”) comes at least with PHP 5.4 – whoever still works on Squeeze with 5.3.3, should check with their hoster if there are good reasons for this.
Frameworks And Legacy Code
From my daily routine with Magento I know the problem too well: The framework or application is not compatible with newer versions and either there is no corrsponsing update or plugins/extesions prevent it.
Magento for example is only since CE 1.9 (EE 1.14), released in Mai 2014, fully PHP 5.4 compatible. For versions 1.6 to 1.8 a patch came out in Jan 2014 (Patch for PHP 5.4 compatibility. But now things are moving on faster: The latest version 1.9.1 is meant to be fully PHP 5.5. compatible.
I admit, it's even more difficult with individually developed applications and old components. But to all the “I would like to update buuuut…” people: Don't be part of the problem, be part of the solution!
What can we do?
Developers: Test your code on current PHP versions and follow the Migration Guides, especially about Backward Incompatible Changes. Have no regard for versions whose security support ended.
Project Managers: Explain to your clients that an update is obligatory due to security reasons and it can take several days, dependent on the amount of technical dept. If they insist on staying on PHP <= 5.3, fire them or charge extra for supporting outdated versions. Hosters: Notify your clients if their server still uses PHP 5.3 or older, explain to them the importance as well and help them with the migration if needed.
Overview: What does not work anymore since PHP 5.4
Removed deprecated features:
safe_mode – security relevant code should not rely on the “safe mode” setting any more magic quotes – another “security feature” of the “good intentions” kind. Applications that relied on this setting, urgently need a rewrite following current standards. register_globals and register_long_arrays – seriously, did anybody still use these? $HTTP_GET_VARS ? GET and POST parameters as global variables? Throw away the PHP 4 code! define_syslog_variables() and import_request_variables() – another relict, register_globals at runtime. session_is_registered() , session_register() and session_unregister() . These were replaced with the $_SESSION array in PHP 4.1(!!!) function aliases: mysqli_bind_param() , mysqli_bind_result() , mysqli_client_encoding() , mysqli_fetch(), mysqli_param_count() , mysqli_get_metadata() , mysqli_send_long_data() , mysqli::client_encoding() , mysqli_stmt::stmt() .
Other non backwards compatible changes:
mbstring.script_encoding was replaced with zend.script_encoding . call time pass by reference is not possible anymore. I.e. you cannot pass a parameter by reference with prepending & if the method signature did not define it. This is particularly interesting when useing call_user_func with references. Arguments for break and continue must be constant now. Expressions like break $var do not work anymore. The time zone must be set explicitely in php.ini or with date_default_timezone_set() . More strict handling of string offsets like $string[1] . Offsets must be numeric. Array to string conversion Notice: echo array(1, 2, 3); still results in “Array” but additionaly the notice Creating default object from empty value in Warning: I honestly did not know that it was possible but now $obj = null; $obj->var = 123; omits a warning. Superglobals like $_GET and $_POST cannot be used as parameter names anymore. Who does this anyway? salsa10 and salsa20 are not available anymore as hash algorithms. The reason is … understandable: https://bugs.php.net/bug.php?id=60783 array_combine(array(), array()) now returns array() instead of false htmlentities throws a E_STRICT error with asian character sets. The third argument of ob_start is now a combination of flags New reserverd keywords: trait, callable, insteadof
PHP 5.3 Death March
I hereby declare PHP 5.3 Death March (or should it be Death November?), a tribute to the IE 6 Death March, whose website ironically does not work any more because of incompatibility with PHP 5.4:
Fatal error: Call-time pass-by-reference has been removed in /home/sxtxixtxcxh/iedeathmarch.org/wp-content/plugins/openid/Auth/OpenID/Server.php on line 1709
What a cautionary tale!
Fans of “The X-Files” desperately “want to believe” it's true: A continuation of the iconic sci-fi series could begin shooting as early as this summer. Fox, the network that aired “The X-Files” between 1993 and 2002, is close to finalizing a deal for a short-order run of the series with stars David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson reprising their roles as paranormal investigators Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, reported British television news site TVWise on Friday.
The limited television event will have fewer than 10 episodes, said TVWise, citing unnamed network sources. Another report in the Daily Mail suggested it would be a six-episode run that could start filming in June.
The revival would aim to answer questions the nine-season series left unanswered -- and didn't touch in the franchise's second movie, 2008's “I Want to Believe.” (In “X-Files” canon, the world was set to be taken over by aliens in 2012. Presumably the new series will address what actually happened and why we are still here.)
“The idea is to get the old gang back, have some fun and get a bit of closure for us and the audience,” Gillian Anderson, who played skeptical scientist Scully opposite Duchovny's believing Mulder, told the Daily Mail in an interview published Thursday.
The “old gang” naturally includes “X-Files” creator Chris Carter, whose Amazon series “The After” was recently canceled, at the helm. Stars Anderson and Duchovny have been vocal about their desire to jump back into the skins of Scully and Mulder. Other “X-Files” players could come on board as well.
Mitch Pileggi, who played stern FBI boss Walter Skinner, reportedly has been asked to don his badge again, and “other key cast members will return.” It's unclear whether those key members would include the actors who played iconic baddie Cigarette-Smoking Man, “rat boy” Alex Krycek and the trio of lovable geeks known as the Lone Gunmen -- all characters who were killed by the end of the series' run in 2002. Then again, anything is possible on the show where death didn't always mean forever.
Photo: Rob Kim/Getty Images
“The X-Files” also launched the careers of a number of high-profile television writers -- and many fans are hoping some of them will give Carter a hand in writing the revival. Anderson fanned that hope in a BBC Radio 2 interview on Thursday: “Hopefully it would also involve other people who were involved in the olden days -- writers. You know, hopefully Vince Gilligan, Howard Gordon,” she said.
Howard Gordon, along with partner Alex Gansa, both wrote for “The X-Files” and are showrunners of Showtime's thriller “Homeland.” Vince Gilligan, who first cast his “Breaking Bad” star Bryan Cranston on an episode of “The X-Files,” got his start in television writing for the show.
Gilligan has expressed interest in writing for a revival of “The X-Files,” a series that holds a special place in his heart. “I would love to be involved,” Gilligan told fan site The X-Files Lexicon in February. “I don't know with my current schedule...I would love to be a part of it, but even if I am not, I'll still be watching every episode and rooting them on.”
It's unclear whether Frank Spotnitz, who worked closely with Carter on “The X-Files,” and co-wrote the 2008 “X-Files” movie, will be involved, though sources have suggested Carter wants him back. Spotnitz is working on several other TV projects, including Amazon's “The Man in the High Castle.”
An “X-Files” revival would involve juggling the busy schedules of high-profile actors and writers whose careers have skyrocketed since the series' heyday. That's part of the reason Fox settled on a limited-series run for the revival. Both Anderson and Duchovny are involved in several major television projects: Duchovny's new series, “Aquarius,” premieres on NBC this summer, while Anderson is balancing roles on NBC's “Hannibal” and the BBC's “The Fall.”
Fox has revived successful franchises in the past. In 2014, it aired “24: Live Another Day,” a 12-episode limited event series that continued the saga of a Jack Bauer from “24,” which aired from 2001 to 2010.
Fans -- known as “X-Philes” -- have been devouring every scrap of news about the rumored “X-Files” project since Fox first confirmed a potential revival at the Television Critics Association press tour in January. Earlier in March, TVWise editor Patrick Munn reported that Fox was set to make a “big announcement” about an iconic franchise during upfronts week, which occurs in May. When Duchovny said the reboot looked “very good” in a television interview in February, “X-Files” fans collectively “squeed” online.
But until the ink is dry and an official announcement from Fox is made, fans remain cautiously optimistic. Dana Scully famously once said, “The truth is out there, but so are lies.” “X-Files” lovers are just hoping this time the elusive truth will be found on the small screen once again.
All eyes are on Mr McCain after his aggressive approach in the first debate two weeks ago failed to pay any dividend in the polls.
Shortly before Mr McCain takes to the stage in Nashville for the second of three presidential debates with Senator Barack Obama, Democratic activists took their revenge for his decision at the weekend to let his supporters turn the Republican campaign “nuclear” with repeated negative attacks on his rival including calling Mr Obama a liar.
They include his friendship with Gordon Liddy, the former White House operative who spent four and a half years in jail for planning the break-in at the Watergate building. Appearing on Mr Liddy's popular radio show last year, Mr McCain said his host showed “adherence to the principles and philosophies that keep our nation great” and said he was “proud” of Mr Liddy and his family.
The senator most recently appeared on the show in May.
Senior Democrats have pointed to Mr McCain's association with an ultra-conservative group that supplied aid to rebels trying to overthrow the government of Nicaragua during the Iran-Contra affair.
In the early 1980s Mr McCain sat on the board of the US Council for World Freedom, which was part of an international organisation accused of being linked to former Nazi collaborators and Right-wing death squads in Central America.
Mr McCain's aggressive approach in the first debate two weeks ago failed to pay any dividend in the polls. Economic turmoil has since pushed the Republican nominee further behind, with new polls in four swing states — North Carolina, Colorado, Wisconsin and New Hamp­shire — showing a gain of two to three points for Mr Obama ahead of the second debate.
The following instruction was released by the Department of Defense on February 27, 2013.
1. PURPOSE. In accordance with the authority in DoD Directive (DoDD) 5111.1 and Deputy Secretary of Defense Memorandum (References (a) and (b)), this Instruction:
a. Establishes DoD policy, assigns responsibilities, and provides procedures for DoD support to Federal, State, tribal, and local civilian law enforcement agencies, including responses to civil disturbances within the United States, including the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or possession of the United States or any other political subdivision thereof in accordance with DoDD 3025.18 (Reference (c)).
b. Prescribes the regulations required by section 375 of title 10, United States Code (U.S.C.) (Reference (d)).
c. Incorporates and cancels DoDDs 3025.12, 5525.5, and 5030.46 (References (e), (f), and (g)).
…
4. POLICY. It is DoD policy that:
a. DoD shall be prepared to support civilian law enforcement agencies consistent with the needs of military preparedness of the United States, while recognizing and conforming to the legal limitations on direct DoD involvement in civilian law enforcement activities.
b. Support of civilian law enforcement agencies by DoD personnel shall be provided in accordance with sections 112, 351, 831, 1116, 1751, and 1385 (also known and hereinafter referred to as “The Posse Comitatus Act, as amended”) of title 18, U.S.C. (Reference (n)); chapter 18 of Reference (d); section 1970 of title 2, U.S.C. (Reference (o)) (for support to the U.S. Capitol Police); and other Federal laws, including those protecting the civil rights and civil liberties of individuals, as applicable.
…
ENCLOSURE 3
PARTICIPATION OF DoD PERSONNEL IN CIVILIAN LAW ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES
1. GUIDING STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS AND SUPPORTING POLICIES
a. Statutory Restrictions
(1) The primary restriction on DoD participation in civilian law enforcement activities is the Posse Comitatus Act. It provides that whoever willfully uses any part of the Army or the Air Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute U.S. laws, except in cases and under circumstances expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress, shall be fined under Reference (n), or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both.
(2) Section 375 of Reference (d) provides that the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to ensure that any activity (including the provision of any equipment or facility or the assignment or detail of any personnel) under chapter 18 of Reference (d) does not include or permit direct participation by a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps in a search, seizure, arrest, or other similar activity unless participation in such activity by such member is otherwise authorized by law.
b. Permissible Direct Assistance. Categories of active participation in direct law-enforcement-type activities (e.g., search, seizure, and arrest) that are not restricted by law or DoD policy are:
(1) Actions taken for the primary purpose of furthering a DoD or foreign affairs function of the United States, regardless of incidental benefits to civil authorities. This does not include actions taken for the primary purpose of aiding civilian law enforcement officials or otherwise serving as a subterfuge to avoid the restrictions of the Posse Comitatus Act. Actions under this provision may include (depending on the nature of the DoD interest and the authority governing the specific action in question):
(a) Investigations and other actions related to enforcement of chapter 47 of Reference (d) (also known as “the Uniform Code of Military Justice”).
(b) Investigations and other actions that are likely to result in administrative proceedings by the DoD, regardless of whether there is a related civil or criminal proceeding. (See DoDI 5525.07 (Reference (u)) and Memorandum of Agreement Between the AG and the Secretary of Defense (Reference (v)) with respect to matters in which the DoD and the Department of Justice both have an interest.)
(c) Investigations and other actions related to a commander's inherent authority to maintain law and order on a DoD installation or facility.
(d) Protection of classified defense information or equipment or controlled unclassified information (e.g., trade secrets and other proprietary information), the unauthorized disclosure of which is prohibited by law.
(e) Protection of DoD personnel, equipment, and official guests.
(f) Such other actions that are undertaken primarily for a military or foreign affairs purpose.
(2) Audits and investigations conducted by, under the direction of, or at the request of the IG, DoD, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended.
(3) When permitted under emergency authority in accordance with Reference (c), Federal military commanders have the authority, in extraordinary emergency circumstances where prior authorization by the President is impossible and duly constituted local authorities are unable to control the situation, to engage temporarily in activities that are necessary to quell large-scale, unexpected civil disturbances because:
(a) Such activities are necessary to prevent significant loss of life or wanton destruction of property and are necessary to restore governmental function and public order; or,
(b) When duly constituted Federal, State, or local authorities are unable or decline to provide adequate protection for Federal property or Federal governmental functions. Federal action, including the use of Federal military forces, is authorized when necessary to protect Federal property or functions.
(4) DoD actions taken pursuant to sections 331-334 of Reference (d) relating to the use of Federal military forces in specified circumstances with respect to insurrection, domestic violence, or conspiracy that hinders the execution of State or Federal law.
(5) Actions taken under express statutory authority to assist officials in executing the laws, subject to applicable limitations. The laws that permit direct DoD participation in civilian law enforcement include:
(a) Protection of national parks and certain other Federal lands consistent with sections 23, 78, and 593 of title 16, U.S.C. (Reference (w)).
(b) Enforcement of the Fishery Conservation and Management Act of 1976, as amended, pursuant to section 1861(a) of Reference (w).
(c) Assistance in the case of crimes against foreign officials, official guests of the United States, and other internationally protected persons pursuant to sections 112 and 1116 of Reference (n).
(d) Assistance in the case of crimes against Members of Congress, Members-of-Congress-elect, Justices of the Supreme Court and nominees, and certain senior Executive Branch officials and nominees in accordance with section 351 of Reference (n).
(e) Assistance in the case of crimes involving nuclear materials in accordance with section 831 of Reference (n).
(f) Protection of the President, Vice President, and other designated dignitaries in accordance with section 1751 of Reference (n) and Public Law 94-524 (Reference (x)).
(g) Actions taken in support of the neutrality laws in accordance with sections 408 and 461-462 of title 22, U.S.C. (Reference (y)).
(h) Removal of persons unlawfully present on Indian lands in accordance with section 180 of title 25, U.S.C. (Reference (z)).
(i) Execution of quarantine and certain health laws in accordance with section 97 of title 42, U.S.C. (Reference (aa)) and DoDI 6200.03 (Reference (ab)).
(j) Removal of unlawful enclosures from public lands in accordance with section 1065 of title 43, U.S.C. (Reference (ac)).
(k) Protection of the rights of a discoverer of an island covered by section 1418 of title 48, U.S.C. (Reference (ad)).
(l) Support of territorial governors if a civil disorder occurs, in accordance with sections 1422 and 1591 of Reference (ad).
(m) Actions in support of certain customs laws in accordance with section 220 of title 50, U.S.C. (Reference (ae)).
(6) Actions taken to provide search and rescue support domestically under the authorities provided in the National Search and Rescue Plan (Reference (af)) and DoDI 3003.01 (Reference (ag)).
…
ENCLOSURE 4
DoD SUPPORT OF CDO
1. GUIDING STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS AND SUPPORTING POLICIES
a. The President is authorized by the Constitution and laws of the United States to employ the Armed Forces of the United States to suppress insurrections, rebellions, and domestic violence under various conditions and circumstances. Planning and preparedness by the Federal Government, including DoD, for civil disturbances is important due to the potential severity of the consequences of such events for the Nation and the population.
b. The primary responsibility for protecting life and property and maintaining law and order in the civilian community is vested in State and local governments. Supplementary responsibility is vested by statute in specific agencies of the Federal Government other than DoD. The President has additional powers and responsibilities under the Constitution of the United States to ensure that law and order are maintained.
c. Any employment of Federal military forces in support of law enforcement operations shall maintain the primacy of civilian authority and unless otherwise directed by the President, responsibility for the management of the Federal response to civil disturbances rests with the Attorney General. The Attorney General is responsible for receiving State requests for Federal military assistance, coordinating such requests with the Secretary of Defense and other appropriate Federal officials, and presenting such requests to the President who will determine what Federal action will be taken.
d. The employment of Federal military forces to control civil disturbances shall only occur in a specified civil jurisdiction under specific circumstances as authorized by the President, normally through issuance of an Executive order or other Presidential directive authorizing and directing the Secretary of Defense to provide for the restoration of law and order in a specific State or locality in accordance with sections 331-334 of Reference (d).
e. Planning by the DoD Components for CDO shall be compatible with contingency plans for national security emergencies, and with planning for DSCA pursuant to Reference (c). For example:
(1) Guidelines concerning the use of deputized State or local law enforcement powers by DoD uniformed law enforcement personnel are outlined in Reference (ah).
(2) Guidelines concerning the use of deadly force and/or the carrying of firearms by DoD personnel while engaged in duties related to security or law and order, criminal investigations, or counterintelligence investigations; protecting personnel; protecting vital Government assets; or guarding Government installations and sites, property, and persons (including prisoners) are outlined in Reference (ai) and any additional Secretary of Defense-approved rules for the use of force contained in Reference (aj).
2. DoD REQUIREMENTS
a. Federal military forces shall not be used for CDO unless specifically authorized by the President, except under emergency authority as provided in Reference (c) and subparagraph 1.b.(3) of Enclosure 3.
b. Federal military forces shall be made available for CDO as directed by the President. The Secretary of Defense or other authorized DoD official may, where authorized and consistent with the direction of the President, establish the source and composition of those forces to achieve appropriate balance with other national security or DoD priorities.
c. Federal military forces employed in CDO shall remain under Secretary of Defense command and control at all times.
d. The pre-positioning of Federal military forces for CDO shall not exceed a battalion-sized unit in a single location unless a larger force is authorized by the President.
e. DoD Components shall not take charge of any function of civil government unless absolutely necessary under conditions of extreme emergency (e.g., when using emergency authority as described in Reference (c) and subparagraph1.b.(3) of Enclosure 3). Any commander who is directed, or undertakes, to control such functions shall strictly limit DoD actions to emergency needs and shall facilitate the reestablishment of civil responsibility at the earliest time possible.
Köln -
„Ich kann mir nicht erklären, warum die Politik nicht handeln will.“ Hannelore Bartscherer, Vorsitzende des Katholikenausschusses, ist erzürnt über den weiterhin unveränderten Umgang mit der Asche von Verstorbenen. „Wir werden im Januar mit einem Brief an die Politik und an die Oberbürgermeisterin erneut anmahnen, dass sofort damit Schluss gemacht werden muss, Metalle aus der Asche zu klauben.“
Seit über zwei Jahren wird in Köln darüber diskutiert, wie mit Metallen von künstlichen Gelenken oder dem Zahngold im städtischen Krematorium umgegangen wird. „Es herrscht bei den zuständigen Politikern Konsens darüber, dass die bisherige Praxis geändert werden muss“, sagt Bartscherer.
Zahngold und Edelmetalle veräußert
Bisher werden Zahngold und Edelmetalle entnommen und veräußert. Der Erlös fließt in die Gebührenberechnung ein. „Unter anderem in Fachtagungen haben alle Beteiligten klar bekannt, dass diese Praxis unmoralisch ist“, sagt die Vorsitzende des Katholikenausschusses.
Bereits im Oktober kritisierte sie, dass der zuständige Umweltausschuss die Entscheidung verschoben hat, bis ein privater Investor für das unrentable städtische Krematorium gefunden ist. Aufgrund dieser Kritik hatte der Ausschuss jüngst beschlossen, die Praxis „sofort“ zu ändern. Allerdings gab es über die Definition von „sofort“ Streit. Während die Linke forderte, die Stadtverwaltung müsse nun umgehend die Satzung ändern, sah die CDU es weiterhin als angemessen an, wenn die Satzung geändert wird, sobald ein neuer Betreiber gefunden ist.
Das könnte Sie auch interessieren Kommentar zum Umgang mit der Asche : Es lässt sich einfach nicht erklären
„In der Verwaltung hat diese Debatte für große Irritation gesorgt. Dort weiß man jetzt nicht, wie mit dem Beschluss umzugehen ist“, sagt Bartscherer. Die Suche nach einem Investor könne sich indes noch Jahre hinziehen, gibt Bartscherer zu bedenken. „Die unmoralische Praxis muss nun endlich ohne weiteren Aufschub geändert werden.“
The Canadian Tulip Festival ( French : Festival Canadien des Tulipes ; Dutch : Canadees Festival van de Tulp ) is a tulip festival , held annually in May in Ottawa, Ontario , Canada. The festival claims to be the world's largest tulip festival, displaying over one million tulips , [1] with attendance of over 650,000 visitors annually. [2] Large displays of tulips are planted throughout the city, and the largest display of tulips is found in Commissioners Park on the shores of Dow's Lake , and along the Rideau Canal with 300,000 tulips planted there alone. [3] Millions of tulips set the stage for a celebration of authentic art, cultural, historic, culinary and family tulip experiences at various official venues across the capital.
In 1945, the Dutch royal family sent 100,000 tulip bulbs to Ottawa in gratitude for Canadians having sheltered the future Queen Juliana and her family for the preceding three years during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands in the Second World War. The most noteworthy event during their time in Canada was the birth in 1943 of Princess Margriet at the Ottawa Civic Hospital. The maternity ward was temporarily declared to be extraterritorial by the Canadian government, thereby allowing Princess Margriet's citizenship to be solely influenced by her mother's Dutch citizenship.[4][5] In 1946, Juliana sent another 20,500 bulbs requesting that a display be created for the hospital, and promised to send 10,000 more bulbs each year.
The festival begins Edit
Princess Margriet returns to Ottawa to attend the Canadian Tulip Festival in May 2002.
In the years following Queen Juliana's original donation, Ottawa became famous for its tulips and in 1953 the Ottawa Board of Trade and photographer Malak Karsh organized the first "Canadian Tulip Festival". Queen Juliana returned to celebrate the festival in 1967, and Princess Margriet returned in 2002 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the festival.
Outdoor music concerts Edit
For many years, the festival featured a series of outdoor music concerts in addition to the tulips. The 1972 festival saw Liberace give an opening concert, and at the 1987 festival, Canadian singer Alanis Morissette made her first appearance at the age of 12.[6] The Trews first became widely known after opening for Big Sugar at the 2003 festival. Montreal's General Rudie also gained valuable exposure early in their career with a performance at the 2000 festival.
After several years of cold and rainy weekends drove the festival to the brink of bankruptcy in 2006, the outdoor music concerts were discontinued. Even though concert admission fees were a source of revenue for the festival, rainy weather contributed to low concert attendance on many occasions, making the concerts a heavy financial risk.
2007: Reorganisation Edit
In 2007, the festival was reorganised under new leadership. The festival was redesigned to focus on promoting international friendship, the original symbolic role of the gift of tulips. Park admission charges were eliminated and a new feature called Celebridée: a Celebration of Ideas was introduced. Another component of the 2007 festival was a fund-raising effort in support of War Child Canada.
Celebridée Edit
Beyond celebrating the tulip as a symbol of beauty and friendship, the Canadian Tulip Festival, through Celebridée, aims to present some of the most brilliant thinkers of our time speaking about ideas that matter.
Celebridée has continued to grow since its inception in 2007. 2008's speakers included such diverse and thought-provoking individuals as Sir Salman Rushdie, Wired Magazine's Chris Anderson, Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Guns, Germs and Steel Jared Diamond, and world-renowned pianist Angela Hewitt.
Despite word that The Sandman found a new writer in the form of The Conjuring 2‘s Eric Heisserer, director Joseph Gordon-Levitt has announced his departure from the project.
Posting to his Facebook page a short time ago, Gordon-Levitt wrote the nature of the project changed when New Line Cinema took over all the Vertigo-based material in the Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment portfolio. “A few months ago, I came to realize that the folks at New Line and I just don't see eye to eye on what makes Sandman special, and what a film adaptation could/should be,” he explained. “So unfortunately, I decided to remove myself from the project. I wish nothing but the best for the team moving forward.”
Gordon-Levitt was slated to direct the film based on the Neil Gaiman comic book. Early reports suggested he would also play Morpheus, but that never firmed up as he, David Goyer and Gaiman began work on developing the project.
New writer Heisserer's previous work on projects like the Nightmare on Elm Street and The Thing remakes indicates more of a horror bent for the project keeping in tone with the early chapters of the series. It is possible Gordon-Levitt wanted to lean more toward the fantasy and literary elements of the series.
In any event, the search begins anew for a filmmaker to bring the tale of Lord of the Dreams to the screen.
Gordon-Levitt's statement in full:
RE: SANDMAN So, as you might know if you like to follow these sorts of things, a while back, David Goyer and I made a producing deal with Warner Brothers to develop a movie adaptation of Neil Gaiman's SANDMAN. Neil himself came on as an executive producer, we hired the excellent screenwriter, Jack Thorne, and we started in on the ambitious task of adapting one of the most beloved and boundary-pushing titles in the world of comics. I was pleased with the progress we were making, even though we still had quite a ways to go. Recently, as you also might know if you like to follow these sorts of things, the sorta “ownership” (for lack of a better term) of the Sandman material changed hands when Warner Brothers shifted the entire catalogue of Vertigo comics (an imprint of DC) to their subsidiary, New Line. And a few months ago, I came to realize that the folks at New Line and I just don't see eye to eye on what makes Sandman special, and what a film adaptation could/should be. So unfortunately, I decided to remove myself from the project. I wish nothing but the best for the team moving forward. I'd like to thank all the great people I've had the opportunity to work with on this one. I've had a blast with and learned a ton from David and Jack. Niija Kuykendall, Greg Silverman, and everyone at Warner Brothers have been fantastic, as have Geoff Johns and everyone at DC. And it's been a particular privilege as well as a rocking good time getting to know Mr. Gaiman, whose generous insights and masterful work have certainly convinced me that the Lord of Dreams and the Prince of Stories are one and the same Endless pattern.
Neil Gaiman offered a comment via Twitter following a retweet of Gordon-Levitt's statement:
And, for the record, my respect for @hitRECordJoe, is undiminished. Getting to know him was the best bit of the last round. He's special. — Neil Gaiman (@neilhimself) March 5, 2016
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
As thousands protested in Hamburg ahead of the G20 Summit, Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) took to Twitter late Thursday to encourage U.S. President Donald Trump to focus on a few key issues as he meets with leaders of the world's top economies.
The two-day summit, which kicked off Friday morning, features discussions on trade, climate change, global terrorism, and the refugee crisis, but politicians are also using their weekend together to organize private meetings.
Trump's first meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin was the source of much attention and speculation on Friday afternoon after already making headlines earlier as a video of their brief handshake spread online. The two men met just 15 minutes after the start of the G20's "Sustainable Growth, Climate, and Energy" working session, which was likely uncomfortable for Trump, as European allies addressed his decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement. (Trump reportedly attended the first part of the climate meeting.)
While Sanders did not put climate on his proposed agenda, he pressured the president to address global economic inequality, tensions with North Korea, and Russia's alleged meddling with the 2016 presidential election:
As President Trump attends the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, this week, there are three items that should be at the top of his agenda. — Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) July 7, 2017
1) Growing global economic inequality. The G20 has a major role to play in making sure the benefits of growth benefit all humanity. — Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) July 7, 2017
2) North Korea. Trump should use the G20 to develop a consensus. Real leadership is bringing parties together to de-escalate tensions. SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
— Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) July 7, 2017
Depiction of the Ottonian family tree in a 13th-century manuscript of the Chronica sancti Pantaleonis
The lack of a crowned emperor from 925 to 961 was largely due to the reluctance of the Theophylact popes to play their last card in their game against increasingly powerful kings of Italy. Hugo of Arles had been succeeded by Berengar II, margrave of Ivrea, who, by 959, had conquered Spoleto and was threatening Rome as the Lombards had done two centuries before. The best chance of relief appeared to be the Ottonians, who followed the Carolingians in eastern Francia from 919. Otto I had already made two botched attempts to assert authority in northern Italy between 951 and 952. He spent the next decade consolidating his hold over Germany, whilst carefully cultivating contact with bishops fleeing the troubles in Italy. Otto was determined to present himself as liberator, not conqueror, and thus worthy to be crowned emperor. His great victory over the heathen Magyars at Lechfeld in 955 convinced many contemporaries, including Pope John XII, that Otto was divinely favoured. Despite being unable to capture Berengar, Otto's invasion of northern Italy succeeded in 961 and he was crowned emperor on 2 February 962.
Otto's coronation did not ‘refound' the Empire, nor create a new empire, since a sense of the original Carolingian realm had persisted and there had been plenty of individual emperors after Charlemagne. Nonetheless, his coronation was a significant event and clearly intended to put papal-imperial relations on a new, improved footing. To this end, Otto issued his own charter (the Ottonianum), confirming the ‘donations' of Pippin and Charlemagne of extensive lands in central Italy to sustain the pope. As with his predecessors, Otto envisaged these lands remaining under his suzerainty. He likewise bound himself to protect the pope, to whom he transferred large amounts of gold and silver, receiving numerous holy relics in return for his programme of Christianization north of the Alps.
Otto's ‘Roman expedition' (Romzug) lasted three years and already displayed all the features shaping subsequent imperial interventions in medieval Italy. The convergence of interests facilitating Otto's coronation was insufficiently stable for prolonged papal-imperial collaboration. Emperors wanted popes to possess sufficient personal integrity not to demean the imperial honour they conferred, but otherwise to be pliant executors of the emperor's will. In Otto's case, this included the controversial elevation of Magdeburg to an archbishopric. Like his successors, Pope John XII wanted a protector, not a master, and he rebelled against the ‘Frankenstein's monster' of Ottonian emperorship by conspiring with Berengar and the Magyars in 963. The next moves established the template for subsequent emperors towards disobedient pontiffs. Otto returned to Rome, while John fled to Tivoli. After a brief exchange of letters failed to restore harmony, Otto convened a synod in St Peter's, which deposed John on the grounds of murder, incest and apostasy – a charge sheet sufficiently grievous to justify the first ever deposition of a pope, and one that became standard for such actions in the future. Otto confirmed Lothar I's papal constitution of 824, allowing the Roman clergy a fairly free choice in electing Leo VIII as replacement in December 963.
Deposition was the easy part. As Otto and his successors soon discovered, it was extremely hard to maintain their own pope without firm local support, which, for the next century or so, meant the backing of the Roman clans, Italian lords and bishops. John was still at large, creating a papal schism that threatened the integrity and legitimacy of the church. The Romans rebelled as soon as Otto left their city in January 964, allowing John to return and hold his own synod to depose his rival. Leo was restored by force later that month, expelling John, who died in May – allegedly in the arms of a married woman, another story typical of the mudslinging during later papal schisms. What followed merely underscored the intractability of the problem. The Romans elected Benedict V as their own anti-pope. Enforcement of Leo VIII was now a matter of imperial prestige. Otto besieged Rome until the starving inhabitants handed over the unfortunate Benedict, who was demoted and packed off as a missionary to Hamburg. Otto sent two bishops to oversee a new election following Leo's death in March 965, but the successful candidate was in turn expelled by another Roman revolt nine months later. The emperor was obliged to return personally, crushing Roman opposition in December 966. The socially inferior were executed, while the rich were exiled. Those who had died in the meantime were disinterred and their bones scattered in what was clearly intended as exemplary punishment.
Subsequent opposition drew an equally harsh response. The leader of the Crescenti clan was beheaded and hung by his feet along with 12 supporters in 998. Simultaneously, anti-pope John XVI was blinded, mutilated and forced to ride through Rome seated backwards on a donkey. A riot after Henry II's coronation in Pavia as king of Italy in 1002 ended in a massacre by imperial troops in which the city burned down. Further rioting after the imperial coronation of 1027 prompted Conrad II to force the Romans to walk barefoot, though this time they were spared execution. This ‘German fury' (furor teutonicus) reflected general attitudes to justice in the Empire, which permitted harsh punishment of those who ignored opportunities to negotiate, or who rebelled having been previously pardoned. It also betrayed the basic strategic weakness of the imperial presence in Italy throughout the Middle Ages. Rome was not a pleasant billet for an imperial army. The nearby pestilent marshes made their presence felt each summer through malaria epidemics. That of 964 killed the archbishop of Trier, the duke of Lorraine and a sizeable part of Otto's army. Campaigns in southern Italy often encountered the same problem: malaria killed both Otto II (983) and Otto III (1002), while Conrad II lost his wife and most of his troops to disease in 1038. Losses were hard to take, because Ottonian and Salian armies were quite small. While they did have some capacity for laying sieges, Italy was a land of numerous, well-fortified cities. Violent shock and awe appeared a quick fix to these problems, but as later regimes have discovered, it generally alienated local support and discredited those who used it.
The Ottonians could usually muster armies of 2,000–8,000 . Practical difficulties of movement and supply inhibited large troop concentrations for long periods. A royal army would be composed from the king's own retinue and those of his lords who were close allies or who had answered his summons. The king's force would be supplemented by contingents provided by the lesser lords and communities of the immediate area where it was operating. Larger numbers of less-experienced and poorly trained men could be summoned locally for specific tasks, especially if major sieges were undertaken. These numbers grew largely thanks to the rise in population and production across the eleventh century. Frederick I's army on the Third Crusade in 1190 was considered huge by contemporaries; it probably numbered 15,000 including 3,000 knights – still far short of the hundreds of thousands some chroniclers claimed.
It is unlikely that Ottonian commanders needed to read transcriptions of late Roman military manuals in order to know how to fight; their Slavic and Magyar opponents certainly did not, yet were frequently successful. It is highly speculative to blame Ottonian defeats on supposed failure to follow such advice, while attributing successes to allegedly having done so. Later graduates of European military academies could make elementary mistakes, despite their formal training. In addition to oral tradition and actual experience, tasks like economic management and the self-confidence that generally comes with elevated social status would all have prepared Ottonian nobles for command. In short, change across the period from 800 to 1100 was by degrees rather than absolute. Written culture may have contracted around 900, but had never been widespread, while the level of contraction itself has been exaggerated.
Few written documents were intended as universal laws. General laws were already considered fixed by moral and religious absolutes that could not be altered by mortals. Most documents issued in the name of German kings before early modernity were charters (Urkunden) regulating local, specific circumstances, and are better understood as ‘privileges' rather than ‘laws'. They illustrate how much royal activity was reactive, rather than planned: charters were usually issued at the request of their recipient. Written documentation had yet to assume precedence over other forms of legitimation like custom. Except for intellectual exchanges between scholars, during the Middle Ages most letters were destroyed after they had been read, in contrast to early modernity, when even mundane items such as bills and receipts were often preserved. When Frederick I wanted to know how to greet Pope Hadrian IV in 1155, he asked the oldest princes in his camp who had been present at the last imperial-papal meeting 22 years earlier. Their recollections carried equal weight with formal recorded protocols. The relatively low volume of paperwork reduced the potential for conflict by making inconsistencies between claims and practice less obvious.
Advertisements
Reeling after last Tuesday's defeat, the Democratic Party gave new leading roles to its liberal wing on Wednesday, elevating Sen. Bernie Sanders and Sen. Elizabeth Warren as the party plots its comeback under four years of a Donald Trump Administration.
Sanders won a position as chair of outreach at a leadership meeting on Capitol Hill on Wednesday morning, a role that recognizes his increased visibility after a populist election season. Warren, formerly a strategic policy adviser, was named vice chair of the conference.
As expected, New York Sen. Chuck Schumer will serve as minority leader, a role that requires a skilled and canny legislative strategist.
“We needed a much stronger, sharper, bolder economic message,” Schumer said, looking back at the election, “and we needed to let the American people know we understand what they all believe: that the system isn't working for them, and we're going to change it.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The more conservative Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia won a messaging position.
Caught flat-footed by a surprise defeat last week in the presidential election, Democrats are struggling to plan for their response to the Trump Administration. The party's leaders in Congress, including Schumer, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, Warren, Sanders and others, have vowed to work with Trump on items where they agree such as infrastructure spending, but have been critical of his transition team, including the pick of the alt-right spokesman Steve Bannon as chief White House strategist.
The party's leadership in the Senate now includes a diverse crowd of ideologies and geographies, including the Midwest (Sen. Amy Klobuchar and Senator Tammy Baldwin), centrists (Manchin) as well as liberals. Sanders, who is not a Democrat but works closely with the party, was awarded his first leadership position. He will continue as the ranking member of the Budget Committee.
Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin remains as minority whip and Washington Sen. Patty Murray will take Schumer's vacated spot as assistant Democratic leader.
“We'll unite our caucus and speak to the blue-collar worker in West Virginia and Michigan as well as the people who live along the coasts,” Schumer said.
Democratic leaders are grappling with the party's future and have decided to try to expand the party's populist appeal. Many have endorsed Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim member of Congress and an early Sanders backer, for Democratic National Committee chairman.
The debate for Democrats, who control just 13 state legislatures and count 17 governors, will be how and when to negotiate with Trump. Republicans chose in 2009 to oppose Obama's agenda at every turn; Schumer said he would not take that route.
“When we can agree on issues, then we're going to work with him,” he said. “We're not going to just as some have done here in the past said, just because its President Trump's idea or thought we're going to oppose it per se. Where we can work together we will.”
“I've also said to the President elect that on issues where we disagree, you can expect a strong and tough fight,” he added.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Use big words. It doesn't take a genius to pick up some new vocabulary, but a few impressive words and some grammatical flourishes might give you the appearance of being an intellectual. Download a word-a-day app, or simply make some flashcards. Identify some common grammatical errors in your speech and correct them. You could even look up a few brainy-sounding literary quotations to pepper into your conversations. Remember, using impressive words is only impressive if you use them correctly--saying "juxtaposition" won't earn you any points if you don't understand what it means or how it's pronounced.
2
Be modest and reticent. The same way everyone kind of starts to suspect that the guy who keeps insisting he's not racist might be kind of racist, if you constantly try to impress everyone with how smart you are, people may start to wonder. If you are taciturn and humble instead, people may infer that you are consumed with deep thoughts. One good opportunity to put this into action is if someone else makes a stupid comment in a group conversation. If you leap in to correct or mock them, you run the risk of seeming mean rather than intelligent. Instead, let them do the work for you--simply stay silent for a moment, letting their remark sink in, and just when it starts to feel awkward, move the conversation along. It will give the impression that you simply couldn't find a way to respond to such a ridiculous comment, and decided to move past it to spare that person further embarrassment.
On Episode 132, I sit down with Alex Honnold. You may have heard of him. He recently free-handed the El Capitan.
But seriously, a seriously-still-stoked Alex Honnold joins the Enormocast for his sophomore appearance. In opposition to his many recent mainstream appearances, on Jimmy Kimmel for example, we decided that a total move-for-move nerd-out on his history-making free solo of the FreeRider on El Capitan should be soup du jour on the Enormocast- a CLIMBING podcast. Alex reports the parts that truly made him nervous beforehand, the film effort, a false start, and how it made him feel to accomplish one of the, if not THE, crowning athletic achievements of human kind, EVER, ever. So strap in for this very hot, very exclusive interview. In Alex's own words, “If you're a climber, you pretty much have to do the Enormocast.”
Location of Little Saint James in the U.S. Virgin Islands
Little Saint James is an island of the United States Virgin Islands, located off the east end of St. Thomas.
The island is privately owned by American financier and convicted sex offender[1] Jeffrey Epstein. There is a luxury estate on the Island and it is often used for conferences held by the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation, which sponsors cutting-edge science and medical research. Recent conferences have included topics such as gravity, language evolution and global threats to the Earth. Many notable scientists have attended the conferences, including Marvin Minsky, Gerard 't Hooft and Stephen Hawking.[2]
The island hosts a helipad, a lagoon and cabanas. It also has a library, a Japanese bathhouse, and cinema.[3]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
I had a former coach who said to me as I was kind of coming up in the league, he would say, ‘Kirk, people who know, know'.
What he meant by that was, if you understand quarterbacking, understand what it takes to play quarterback in this league, it really isn't a debate about can you play, can you make the fourth-quarter plays, can you make the throws, can you bring us back, are you the guy. People who know, know. It's the people who don't know, and don't get it, that I think have those conversations and have those debates. I'm not going to kind of waste my time or my energy worrying about people who don't know football and what they're saying. I do believe that people who know, know, and if a fourth quarter drive like that to win the game helps some people who don't get football to be able to come around, then so be it, but those aren't the people I'm trying to win over at the end of the day.
Sean McVay used to tell me that as I was trying to make my way. He would say, you know, people are going to doubt, people are going to have their opinions, but the people who know, know, and you don't really need to worry about anybody else. Just stay the course.
We are having the same issue.
I have done a little more testing and have found that either an inplace upgrade or imaging the PC from SCCM TS still does not work. But taking the ISO and installing it as a fresh installation on a PC works fine.
The issue is that it just does not enable or see the site list. It does not matter if it is enabled by GPO or by the registry keys. I can see the Enterprise Mode option in the tools menu, but clicking on it does nothing. If i enable it from the developer tools, the icon for EM shows up and is displaying the site in the emulated mode, but once i close the tools it does not work.
Edit: We are also using Windows 10 enterprise.
Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell touted his stance on the highly controversial gun control vote Wednesday via a graphic posted on Facebook.
His campaign posted a side-by-side image of McConnell and Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid following the Senate's vote on an amendment to expand background checks on firearms purchases. Lawmakers rejected the Toomey-Manchin bill in a 54-46 vote.
The image shows Reid gesturing with his hands wide open and the caption, “Can we have this much gun control?” Then it shows an image of McConnell, finger pointing in the air, with the caption, “No.” The next image shows Reid making a smaller inch sign alongside the caption, “This much?” Cut to McConnell making a zero sign and it reads, “You can have this much gun control.” The kicker: A sad face Reid.
“Today's vote was a disappointment. But this is not over, and we are not giving up,” Reid posted on his own Facebook page. The Nevada senator actually voted against the bill along with McConnell, even though he supported it. He explained, “I voted no for procedural reasons so that I can retain the right to bring it up for a vote in the near future.”
Andrew Dice Clay Was Putty in Donald Trump's Hands
Outspoken comedianwill be one of the "stars" to appear on this season of Celebrity Apprentice with. Is the boardroom big enough for both of their egos?
Donald apparently asked the celebrities who they thought was the most famous person in the boardroom and of course got what he was looking for, major kissing up by all the the celebrities, including Clay who said, "You are, sir. You are the biggest star in the room."
Clay has changed his tune and is now referring to Trump as "Donald Chump", which seems fitting to us. While talking smack to his friends, he said, " One hundred years from now, when people are looking back, you think people will think Trump or Dice? I get crazy from that (bleep)."
Behind the scenes sources report, "Dice can say what he wants, but Donald really roughed the guy up. Clay was like a trained little puppy when Donald got through with him."
The show will premiere on March 1st. Other celebrities appearing this season include Joan Rivers, Dennis Rodman, Jesse James, Brian McKnight, Khloe Kardashian, Clint Black, Tom Green, Herschel Walker, Scott Hamilton and Brande Roderick.
(Adds comment from President Buhari and UK)
By Camillus Eboh
ABUJA, June 3 (Reuters) - More than 8,000 people have died while being detained by Nigeria's armed forces during the campaign against militant Islamist group Boko Haram, Amnesty International said on Wednesday, allegations the military denied.
The group said many of the prisoners were executed and others died due to starvation, overcrowding, torture and denial of medical assistance.
Boko Haram's six-year insurgency has killed thousands and left 1.5 million people displaced. The group wants to establish an Islamic caliphate in the northeast of Africa's biggest economy and top oil exporter.
Muhammadu Buhari, the new president, has vowed to defeat Boko Haram and was holding talks on Wednesday with his counterparts in Niger and Chad on how best to tackle the insurgency.
The militants controlled a swathe of territory around the size of Belgium at the start of the year but have lost most of it in recent months due to the combined efforts of troops from Nigeria and neighbouring Niger, Chad and Cameroon.
Amnesty said Nigerian troops had rounded up thousands of men and boys, some as young as nine, in Boko Haram strongholds. Many of those held were executed or died in custody if their families were unable to pay a bribe.
More than 1,200 people were extrajudicially executed and more than 7,000 starved or died of disease in severely overcrowded cells, Amnesty said.
Many of the people executed were shot dead inside detention facilities, despite presenting no danger, in violation of international humanitarian laws, Amnesty said.
“BLACKMAIL”
“These acts, committed in the context of a non-international armed conflict, constitute war crimes,” said Amnesty, adding that senior military commanders should be investigated for possible crimes against humanity.
Major General Chris Olukolade said the charity was trying to “blackmail” the country's armed forces and no allegations had been proved against individuals the report identified.
“The Nigerian military.... rejects the biased and concocted report provided by Amnesty International,” he said in a statement.
“The Nigerian military does not encourage or condone abuse of human rights, neither will any proven case be left unpunished.”
Amnesty's 133-page report was based on about 400 interviews with sources, including victims, eyewitnesses and members of the armed forces, as well as videos and photographs.
Presidency spokesman Garba Shehu said Buhari's administration would study the report and act appropriately.
“The administration will leave no stone unturned to promote the rule of law...Respect for human rights and adherence to the rule of law are the life and soul of the democratic system,” Buhari was quoted as saying in a statement from his spokesman.
The British High Commission in Abuja said it regularly raises human rights issues with Nigeria but was encouraged by Buhari's inaugural speech that reforms would be made to improve the military's behaviour and strengthen sanctions on such abuses. (Additional reporting by Isaac Abrak and Julia Payne; Writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; editing by Ralph Boulton; Editing by Katharine Houreld)
Strong headwinds of unpopularity continue to hobble leading Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz with the public at-large, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.
By contrast, most Republicans see Trump and Cruz in a favorable light - 56 and 58 percent, respectively - while John Kasich is less popular among fellow partisans (47 percent) despite receiving the best ratings among the broader electorate.
[Read full poll results, breakdowns by group and methodology]
The poll finds Trump suffering little damage from recent controversies over punishments for women who have abortions and the arrest of his campaign manager, though the real-estate mogul's ratings are still in the doldrums.
Thirty-one percent of Americans have a favorable view of Trump while 67 percent are unfavorable -- nearly identical to an early March Post-ABC poll which found he would be the most disliked major-party nominee since at least 1984. Over half the public (53 percent) continues to see Trump in a “strongly unfavorable” light, ticking down from 56 percent last month.
Cruz fares better with 36 percent favorable and 53 percent unfavorable among the public at-large; his strongly unfavorable mark is 20 percentage-points below Trump's level (33 percent for Cruz vs. 53 percent for Trump). Kasich receives an even split on this basic measure of popularity -- 39 favorable and 39 percent unfavorable, while over one-fifth report no opinion of him (22 percent).
Trump and Cruz are both less popular than Mitt Romney at this point in the 2012 campaign, a year in which the eventual Republican nominee was haunted by weak personal ratings. In mid-April 2012, 40 percent had a favorable view of Romney while 48 percent were unfavorable. Romney trailed President Obama on this measure, one factor in Obama's re-election despite his own mediocre job ratings.
The results portend a general election where both parties' presidential nominees are disliked by most Americans. While the latest poll did not ask about Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton, a March Post-ABC poll found 46 percent rated her favorably while 52 percent saw her unfavorably. “Strongly” unfavorable ratings of the former secretary of state outnumbered strongly positive views by a 17-point margin (41 to 24 percent).
Republicans also face a challenge unifying their party around an acceptable candidate at July's convention, with the Post-ABC poll finding Cruz boosters have mixed views of Trump and vice versa.
Among Republicans who rate Cruz favorably, 46 percent have a favorable view of Trump while 52 percent see him unfavorably. Trump supporters are similarly mixed on Cruz, with 48 percent seeing him positively and 51 percent negatively. Nearly 3 in 10 Republicans only have a favorable impression of Trump, disliking both Cruz and Kasich.
The poll finds a persistent significant gender gap in Republicans' views of Trump, with 64 percent of Republican men rating him positively compared with 47 percent of GOP women. The gap is slightly smaller than in March, though it contrasts with Cruz and Kasich who receive similar ratings among both Republican men and women.
Trump's exceptionally high negative ratings are driven by negative impressions from across the political spectrum, but pose different levels of danger to him in a general election setting. For instance, his 87 percent unfavorable rating among self-identified Democrats is not very worrisome for his candidacy, as Republican presidential nominees rarely win much support among Democratic voters in general elections.
Yet Trump also continues to receive strongly negative ratings among several key voting blocs that are at least partly up for grabs this year. Two-thirds of political independents have an unfavorable view of Trump, as do 74 percent of Americans under age 40; 75 percent of women, and 81 percent of Hispanics. Majorities in each group see Trump in a “strongly unfavorable” light, exceeding intense negative ratings of Cruz or Kasich by at least 20 points.
Should those ratings fail to improve, Trump's potential path to victory rides on a surge in support and turnout among whites, particularly those without college degrees. Yet Trump's image among both groups is underwater. Whites see him negatively by a 59 to 39 percent margin, while non-college whites tilt negative by a narrower 52 to 45 percent.
The Washington Post-ABC News poll was conducted April 6-10 among a random national sample of 1,010 adults, including users of both conventional and cellular phones. Overall results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. See here for a full description of poll methodology.
It's been a full week since the trade that sent Kevin Bieksa to the Anaheim Ducks in exchange for their second-round selection in the 2016 draft. For all the noise in the build up to this trade, things have been decidedly silent since. I guess that was to be expected, given that nobody was surprised when the other shoe finally dropped.
By that same token, it seems almost a little inappropriate. Say what you will about Bieksa's final two or three seasons in Vancouver, the guy was a warrior for this franchise on and off the ice. While the body of work is seemingly endless, more prominent and accessible examples for both these qualities can be summed up in the series-clinching goal in 2011 which sent Vancouver to it's third Stanley Cup or his invaluable work promoting mental health awareness with Mind Check.
His body of work spanned roughly 10 seasons and saw the heart-and-soul defender suit up in 597-games for the Canucks, good for sixth-most among defenders in franchise history. What kind of legacy will the once beloved defender leave behind? Meet me on the other side of the jump to find out.
On-Ice
Bieksa has long been a favourite of mine. This, of course, has driven those closest to me to run a stream of endless plaudits on his immeasurable qualities to prop up his play as though he's some statistical slouch – the irony of course being that little ol' stats guy, J.D. Burke, is a big fan of gritty, fight-y Kevin Bieksa, right. Of course, it's not entirely unfair. Bieksa has long been at the forefront of this teams leadership group and always held himself and his teammates accountable to the media. On the ice, he's always been a nasty bugger, never shying away from the fisticuffs when the opportunity presents itself – something his new teammate, Patrick Maroon, can attest to.
@kbieksa3 I guess we can become friends now? — Pat Maroon (@patmaroon) June 30, 2015
With 43-fights over his 10-year span with the Canucks, it's been one hell of a fight filled ride – one which included a staggering 879 PIM (good for fourth among Canucks defenders). That's about a half-seasons work between Brandon Prust and Derek Dorsett, but for top of the lineup talent, this kind of numbers are a rarity. Depending on the premium you place on face punching (and I remain convinced that it's a “skill” genuinely desired by NHL executives – even those not named Jim Benning) this is an added wrinkle becoming increasingly less common among players of this ability.
To belittle Bieksa's impact to this extent, though, almost seems a great injustice to what he accomplished as a player. With 241-points, Bieksa ranks sixth all-time among Canuck defenders. His 0.4 points per game put him in pretty solid company as well; for context, Matthias Ohlund (who is considered by some to be the best defender in Canucks history) sits at 0.42. Bieksa is also tied with Alex Edler for fourth in franchise history in point shares, with 47.5.
(Click here for an explanation on point shares)
With the most cursory of glances we can comfortably say that Bieksa was one of the best defenders to grace this franchise. It wasn't exactly the smoothest of rides, though. One can't help but wonder to what extent limitations were made on Bieksa's mark by the not one, but two severe leg lacerations in a three-season span between 2008 and 2010. The latter of these (in combination with a defense heavy acquisition period in the lead-up to the 2010-11 campaign) threatened to jeopardize Bieksa's long-term future in Vancouver, as declining effectiveness and a crowded blue line made his future tenuous at best.
And unsurprisingly, it's the years that sandwiched this period which mark Bieksa's best in Vancouver. The absolute best of which being a campaign one-year senior the latter bread piece, his 2011-12 season. I could list off the mile long list of statistical accolades which mark this season, or cop out with the career-high 44-points he posted. It seemed much more apt, though, to post his comparable players from that campaign.
That's some pretty amazing company to keep. Remember how good Alex Pietrangelo was last season? Well, Bieksa was better than that at a point in time.
Unfortunately for Bieksa, it was the following season where his game began to unravel. As the season wore on he became increasingly less effective. I've heard it suggested that Bieksa sustained an abdominal injury that, were he younger, Bieksa would have had operated on. Feeling as though the team had one more kick at the can, Bieksa of course opted to play through it and avoided surgery altogether in the off-season.
Since then Bieksa's health has only deteriorated further, seeing him miss stretch upon stretch of play. Consequently, so too has his quality of play decreased. Age, injuries and usage bordering on cruel and unusual have turned this former top-pairing stud into a husk of his former self. It's that last caveat though that gives me some hope for the fella that there might be a little something left in the tank; how many defenders would perform well attached to Luca Sbisa and Ryan Stanton for two seasons?
There might be a year or two of top-four defending left in Bieksa, but it's going to take masterful usage and just the right partner to accommodate it. I have to figure the Ducks can offer one of the two and he should see some sort of resurgence. For the meantime though, maybe take a minute to appreciate how well he played for Vancouver. It needs no qualifying with superfluous fluff like “great leader” and “heart-and-soul guy” – they're a part of the equation, but only after discussing things that really matter and mean something. Of which there are plenty.
Off-Ice
There are very few players that transcend the business like nature of professional sports and for a time I felt as though Bieksa might be among them; I still feel this way about both Sedins. For a player to be worthy of such distinction, they have to carry a certain gravitas away from the rink. For a player like Daniel or Henrik Sedin, their scoring titles are marks on a sheet of paper and a trophy. They represent an amazing era in Canucks history and bring back only the fondest of memories. That is not why even the sheer thought of trading either of these two is cringe-worthy, though.
The Sedins are known to contribute over $1-million each to the BC Children's Hospital. Contributions like these enable health care professionals to have access to the tools and equipment necessary to save lives. I don't care how much you like hockey, these contributions are a tangible reminder of their importance to this city.
Similarly, Bieksa has proven to be of immense importance to the Canucks goodwill in his own way. He's been a regular within the community from the instant he cracked this roster. Tragically enough, though, it took the passing of Kevin Bieksa's best friend, Rick Rypien, to bring into the spotlight some of these merits away from the rink.
In the wake of this disaster, it was revealed that Rypien had long considered Bieksa a brother of his. His appearance as a pallbearer at Rypien's funeral only further cementing the relationship those two developed. In the following season, Bieksa went well above and beyond to try and prevent tragedies like the one that befell his best friend and former teammate by spearheading a mental health initiative with the Vancouver Canucks, titled “Mind Check”.
(for a glance at the website that he helped develop and promote, click this link)
One can only help but wonder how many lives have been positively impacted by his work to advocate for better mental health awareness within the hockey community and abroad. To showcase the raw humanity that drove so many enforcers – men often considered bulletproof – into this dark and unrelenting abyss brought to light to an otherwise ignored, or misunderstood, issue that can impact even those deemed the strongest among us.
Twitter block-rampages and all, he was a damn good fella. And in a sport so bereft of personality, surely his interviews seemed like an oasis in a sea of 110%.
Parting Thoughts
I wasn't overly surprised to see Kevin Bieksa leave. Nor was I overly disappointed. Covering the Canucks in any capacity – even from my mother's basement as a blogger – requires a certain detachment that I just can't shake. Objectively speaking, Bieksa didn't have anything left in the tank to offer this franchise. It wasn't a matter of Bieksa being unable to contribute. It became a question of “how much can Bieksa contribute to the long-term health of this franchise?” or “Is it worth the logjam at right defense and against the salary cap to have his level of contribution now?”. Neither answer was overwhelmingly in Bieksa's favour.
For what seems like an all-too-brief period in time, though, Bieksa was nails. Probably given much less credit than he deserves, especially given that ridiculous “Hamhuis babysits him” narrative. In the context of great Canuck blue liners, I most certainly think there's room for Bieksa to enter the discussion. You probably should, too.
Former sex workers claim harassment by pro-prostitution groups after speaking out
Updated
Former Australian sex workers who have spoken out about their experiences in the sex industry, claiming human rights violations are rampant, say they have been harassed and targeted by pro-prostitution groups since coming forward.
Key points: New book details rape, assault and blackmail experienced by sex workers
Former workers say the legalisation of prostitution only protects pimps
Former workers have been labelled as traitors by pro-prostitution groups
Scarlet Alliance criticised for not helping former workers
A controversial new book titled Prostitution Narratives — Stories of Survival in the Sex Trade details accounts of rape, assault, blackmail and coercion.
Former sex workers Alice* and Simone Watson say the book is a way for their voices to be heard and for the curtain to be lifted on an industry that caters to pimps but does little to protect the rights of workers.
The women are fighting against the legalisation of prostitution, saying it is a myth that sex workers are safer under this model, and are pushing for safe exit strategies for women who wish to leave.
Ms Watson said "illegal" street sex workers had more rights than women working in a legal brothel because they had more control over who they chose to accept or decline as clients and could negotiate their own payment.
"People on the street can negotiate pay better than workers in the industry," she said.
"People hear decriminalisation and they think it will make the industry safer, but this is just catering to the pimps.
"I entered a world where night after night my body was sold for men to use as they pleased, where violence was to be accepted as just part of the job. A world where fellow co-workers would join me in getting black-out drunk or taking copious amounts of drugs, just to be able to cope with the physical pain endured while working and to avoid the mental and emotional pain altogether."
Alice said when she worked in the industry she was blackmailed, had clients make sexually violent requests of her and was subjected to clients who expressed a desire to play out pre-pubescent fetishes.
"I would have clients who would say 'oh you look like my daughter's age, oh you look like you could be in high school'," she said.
Ms Watson said it was imperative for her to expose the reality of the sex-trade.
"To be offered the opportunity to contribute with other survivors was perhaps one of the most important and validating experiences I can think of."
Ms Watson said women working in the sex industry were more likely to be murdered or die prematurely due to overall poor health or substance addiction.
"PTSD is a leading cause of overall general poor health, and not just suicide, but slow death through smoking, alcohol and so on," she said.
"The backlash against the book has also highlighted that this reality is uncomfortable for those with a vested interest in keeping the sex trade going."
Alice said her self-worth diminished rapidly while she was part of the industry and both former workers say since speaking out they have been harassed by pro-prostitution groups who label them traitors.
'Legalising prostitution does not reduce crime'
Co-editor of the book Melinda Tankard Reist said the sex industry did not want the women to be heard because there was a financial motivation to maintaining an unregulated industry that allowed for "pop-up" brothels with minimum transparency.
"Why do they send activists to every event? The only narrative that is allowed is the 'happy hooker' narrative. It has been documented that the legalisation of prostitution does not reduce the incidence of crime, drugs or weapons in the industry," she said.
"Legalisation has failed and all the promises have not come true."
Ms Tankard Reist said the need for targeted exit strategies to help former workers overcome the financial, emotional and psychological repercussions was vital, with a large number of women suffering health issues including symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Scarlet Alliance, or the Australian Sex Workers Association, has been criticised by the women for failing to help former workers.
Ms Tankard Reist said the Scarlet Alliance was keeping women in the industry and did nothing to help those wishing to leave.
"The Scarlet Alliance receives hundreds of thousands of dollars in funding to apparently help with trafficking, but they are saying there is no trafficking. They are not there to help women get out. They're there to keep women in," Ms Tankard Reist said.
She said the Australian Sex Party and Respect Inc, a community organisation focusing on the rights of sex workers in Queensland, were also targeting the women by attending book launches and shouting over the top of the women during their presentations.
Scarlet Alliance says it is helping sex workers
The CEO of Scarlet Alliance, Jules Kim, said the organisation supported sex workers whether they were in the industry or leaving it.
"We are directed by the needs of the people who contact us. There are a number of different organisations who can help with exit programs," she said.
"Not all sex workers have the same experience or want the same thing."
Ms Kim said assisting women with resumes to help with employment prospects outside of the industry was often necessary.
"As a sex worker they may have been managing their own finances, so there is a range of skills they have and we help them deal with the stigma and discrimination they experience," she said.
Ms Kim said the decriminalisation of the sex industry was the best way to support former workers and those still in the industry.
"Violence against sex workers is a big problem and reporting crime is difficult. Models for criminalisation create a lot of issues for sex workers," she said.
She said it was a misrepresentation to suggest the organisation had attended the book launches of former sex workers and disrespected the speakers.
"I can't comment to that because I have not attended, but obviously there are concerns if this is occurring. Other sex workers who attended told me they were respectful and not talking over the top of people."
*Surname withheld to protect privacy.
Topics: prostitution, community-and-society, health, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
Calgary police once again searched for evidence on the property of the man accused of murdering Nathan O'Brien, 5, and his grandparents, Alvin and Kathy Liknes.
It's unclear what led police back to Douglas Garland's property, but investigators were seen on Sunday taking photos and loading what looked like boxes into unmarked vans at the rural property northeast of Airdrie, AB.
Plainclothes and uniformed officers, including members of the tactical team, combed through the property all day. They also searched the area and buildings around the home.
Neighbours say Garland's parents have been living in their home since police held it for several weeks back in the summer.
Nathan O'Brien, centre, and his grandparents, Kathy and Alvin Liknes, have not been seen since Nathan's mom left the Likneses' home the night of June 29. (Calgary Police Service) "Everybody is just looking for some conclusion in this," said Jim Nevada, who lives nearby.
"[Police] were here for what, almost two months? It was crazy around here and we were just finally starting to get back to normal."
The RCMP were also on the scene.
Police said investigators were searching the property to collect additional evidence to support the upcoming court case. They do not have any new information about the family's location.
Nathan and his grandparents were last seen at a home in the southwest Calgary community of Parkhill on June 29, 2014. Their bodies have not been recovered, but Calgary police say evidence indicates all three are dead.
Douglas Garland is escorted into a Calgary police station in connection with the disappearance of Nathan O'Brien and his grandparents in Calgary, Alta., Monday, July 14, 2014. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jeff McIntosh (Jeff McIntosh/Canadian Press) Garland was arrested and charged with two counts of first-degree murder and one count of second-degree murder last July.
As the search for answers on and around the Garland property continues, Nevada said the neighbourhood remains on edge and is saddened by the whole situation.
"I feel sorry for both sides … that kid seemed pretty special."
Garland's preliminary trial is set to begin in May.
Heads may roll after A1s stall
Updated
Heads may roll after the troubled A1GP category was officially scratched from next weekend's Gold Coast motorsport event, prompting the threat of legal action from the Queensland Government.
The popular V8 Supercars will fill the void at the October 22-25 event, running four 150 kilometre events on the tourist strip instead of the planned two 200km races - making it the biggest touring car event outside Bathurst in terms of kilometres covered.
Queensland Sports Minister Phil Reeves ended months of speculation about the troubled open wheeler category on Saturday when he announced that A1GP organisers had confirmed they would not arrive on the tourist strip from London in time for the October 22-25 event.
The Gold Coast organisers subsequently terminated the agreement with the A1GPs for their failure to fulfil contractual obligations.
The State Government - which pumps almost $12 million into the Gold Coast event - will now "pursue legal avenues" to get back the $1.8 million they have paid A1GP chairman Tony Teixeira.
"We have been badly let down by A1GP," Mr Reeves said at a press conference on the Gold Coast.
But others may pay a price for the embarrassing no-show after event chairman Terry Mackenroth and general manager Greg Hooton said they would reassess their positions after next weekend's event.
Hooton and Mackenroth not only oversaw the deal with the A1GPs, but also the sponsorship deal with local sports drink manufacturers Nitro which subsequently fell over.
"I think A1GP's reputation has been absolutely shattered," Hooton said.
"I actually believe the series is probably not going to race this year.
"I'm disappointed, angry, upset and let down. It was all those emotions, but we have to move on."
The A1GPs were slotted into the Gold Coast program for the first time this year following the Indy series' decision to scrap their Australian leg.
But fans still consider the V8 Supercars the headliners on the street circuit.
V8 Supercars boss Tony Cochrane said at the Gold Coast that the program would now feature four 150km events - two on Saturday and two on Sunday.
Racing a total of 600km instead of 400km would require teams to dramatically change their car set-up just days before the event.
Cochrane said each race would be for championship points.
A 20-minute qualifying shootout on Sunday for that day's two races will also be added to the schedule.
While it was unclear how the change would affect corporate bookings and ticket sales, Hooton said refunds would be available.
"We certainly felt it was the right thing to do and as a show of goodwill," Hooton said.
"They (A1GPs) have let down a lot of people. They've let down the Queensland Government.
"They need to have a good, hard look at themselves."
-AAP
Topics: motor-sports, sport, australian-touring-cars, surfers-paradise-4217, australia, qld
First posted
Last night, our meathead-in-chief headed to the Trump Hotel in downtown Washington, D.C. for a Last night, our meathead-in-chief headed to the Trump Hotel in downtown Washington, D.C. for a steak dinner at the BLT Steakhouse. And wouldn't you know that he managed to make it completely unappetizing!
Advertisement
the Independent Journal Review , Trump ordered an aged New York strip steak well done. And then, he ate it with ketchup. Ketchup. According to theIndependent Journal Review, Trump ordered an aged New York strip steak well done. And then, he ate it with ketchup. Ketchup.
While there, Trump was spotted by other restaurant patrons and treated like the celebrity he wants to be. One woman cried, “Donald, it's my birthday!” Trump took a picture with her—a “birthday present,” he said—and then told her she looked “very young” and “has great skin.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
He was joined for dinner by class acts Nigel Farage, leader of Brexit, Florida governor Rick Scott, daughter Ivanka, and her husband Jared Kushner.
So anyway, how was your weekend?
The head of Georgia's ACLU chapter has resigned over President Obama's directive for schools to let transgender students use the bathroom of their choice, after she said her daughters were frightened by running into three transgender individuals in the women's bathroom.
The ACLU has supported the Obama administration's guidance on transgender bathroom use in public schools — a principle Maya Dillard Smith stands strongly against.
“It became clear that we were principally and philosophically different in opinion,” she told Atlanta's NPR station.
She said she is in the process of educating herself on transgender issues, but claimed there was no room for dialogue at the ACLU.
“It's through communication that we develop empathy and understanding, and I think that our democracy requires us to allow for exchange of ideas, without people being labeled one thing or another,” Ms. Smith said.
In a statement obtained by Atlanta Progressive News, she accused the ACLU of being “a special interest organization that promotes not all, but certain progressive rights. In that way, it is a special interest organization not unlike the conservative right, which creates a hierarchy of rights based on who is funding the organization's lobbying activities.”
Ms. Smith explained that the last straw for her was when her young daughters ran into three transgender adults in the women's bathroom.
“I have shared my personal experience of having taken my elementary school age daughters into a women's restroom when shortly after three transgender young adults over six feet with deep voices entered,” she wrote. “My children were visibly frightened, concerned about their safety and left asking lots of questions for which I, like many parents, was ill-prepared to answer.”
She said the ACLU's goal should be to “delicately balance competing rights to ensure that any infringements are narrowly tailored, that they do not create a hierarchy of rights, and that we are mindful of unintended consequences.”
“Despite additional learning I still have to do, I believe there are solutions that can provide accommodations for transgender people and balance the need to ensure women and girls are safe from those who might have malicious intent,” she said.
Marsha Zeesman, a spokeswoman for the ACLU, declined to speak with the Atlanta Progressive News on personnel matters. A job announcement seeking Ms. Smith's replacement has been posted on the organization's website.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A Special Relativity Simulator
Warp is a program used to illustrate the appearance of everyday objects travelling at really, really high speeds. At such speeds, Einstein's theory of special relativity predicts that unusual things start to happen. Warp models these strange effects - it is a special relativity simulator.
Of course, we don't normally see these strange effects and for a good reason. By high speed we mean extremely high speeds - close to the speed of light. We don't normally see these 'relativistic' effects because the speeds associated with every day life don't compare with the speed of light. To whet your appetite, here's what Stonehenge looks like at close to the speed of light . . .
Very strange! Anyway, if you want a brief explaination of what's going on then a good place to start is the about page.
Once you've done that, try out the Warp special relativity simulator for yourself by downloading it!
You'll now be wondering how to use Warp, or maybe you just want to learn more about special relativity. It'll be a good idea to read the Lessons. If you still have questions about warp or relativity, try the FAQ.
It's easy to become mesmerized by The Donald Show in this year's political circus.
But a lot of the real action is in the outer rings, where the Koch brothers, the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), and their corporate cohorts have laid siege to our state governments.
It's no coincidence that such a large flock of corporatists and right-wing ideologues now roost in state offices, nor that they keep pushing exactly the same anti-people rhetoric and tactics. Nor is their lockstep embrace of identical corporation-enthroning proposals the result of small minds thinking alike.
More than a firefight here or an ambush there, the Koch-ALEC cabal have launched a massive, coordinated maneuver to conquer the countryside.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
If you doubt that the strategy has gone local, consider this fact: Even though the Kochs didn't back a presidential campaign last year — they said they were concentrating on only half a dozen Senate races — they deployed 1,600 paid political staffers into 38 states to drive elections and policy campaigns.
This is why we must pay attention: Donald Trump isn't the only — or even the biggest — danger to our democratic republic. As Arn Pearson, general counsel of Center for Media Democracy, warns: “There are a lot of different parts of the Koch machine pulling on this oar. From their think tanks up through their elected officials, they're pushing on it. Hard.”
You might think this is madness, but madness — spurred by plutocratic greed — is the new American political reality. Just being progressive won't stop it. We have to confront and defeat the Kochheads in our states.
Rolling back the effects of the continuing decades-long attack on America's ideal of the common good will take some work. To get started, check out Center for Media Democracy at www.prwatch.org/cmd.
Supermarket Coles' new standard for free-range eggs looks set to run foul of the national consumer watchdog with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission declaring that eggs produced at intensive farms do not deserve the label ''free range''.
While not commenting directly on Coles - whose new free-range standard is 10,000 hens per hectare, almost a seven-fold reduction in space from the voluntary guidelines - ACCC commissioner Sarah Court said the watchdog believed 10,000 hens per hectare was not consistent with consumers' understanding of free range.
Ms Court said the commission was ''very concerned'' the egg industry was trying to redefine ''free range'' to ''increase their own profitability'' without regard to consumers' views. ''The ACCC is concerned about the redefinition of what is meant by free range by industry to suit itself, and the fact that the redefinition has the very real potential of misleading consumers,'' she said.
The egg industry is spending millions of dollars renovating caged-hen facilities and building new state-of-the-art intensive free-range systems to meet Coles' new standard. Industry sources expect Woolworths and Aldi will follow Coles' standard - if it is accepted by the community and regulators such as the ACCC - leading to a redefinition of free range in Australia.
Two brothers are in Kenosha County Jail, accused of beating a man and robbing him of his pants and shoes.
Joseph Lapenta, 19, of Genoa City, and Jerry D. Lapenta, Jr., 25, of Kenosha, were charged Thursday with robbery with use of force, criminal damage to property and two counts of battery.
Both are being held on $7,500 bonds.
According to the criminal complaint and a Kenosha Police Department report, officers were called to the 1800 block of 91st Street at about 4 a.m Wednesday. They found a man and a woman sitting in a parked silver Kia. The passenger side window of the car was smashed. The man, sitting in the passenger seat, was bleeding heavily from injuries to his face. He was not wearing pants or shoes.
The pair told police that two men had beaten the passenger, and that they had a gun. They had then gone back into the apartment building at 1825 91st St.
The 23-year-old injured man told police he was accompanying the 22-year-old woman from his home in Illinois to Kenosha. He told police he fell asleep on the drive, and when the woman went into the apartment in Kenosha to visit friends he opted to stay in the car and sleep because he didn't know anyone inside.
He said he awoke to the window being smashed. According to the criminal complaint, he was then attacked by two men who punched him repeatedly. He said one of the men had a black handgun, and that he believed the man struck him with the gun. The men then ripped off his clothing including his pants, hooded sweatshirt, shoes and baseball hat.
The 22-year-old woman came to the man's aid, but she was thrown to the ground and repeatedly kicked, according to the report.
While police were on the scene they received a call from dispatchers that the Lapenta brothers had called, saying they were hiding in a field near the apartment and wanted to come out to talk to police.
They emerged, shirtless, wet and muddy.
They had a different story for police. They said the man had punched Joseph Lapenta in the face and that a fight ensued. They said the car window was accidentally broken during the fight, saying that Joseph Lapenta had asked the man to move the Kia
This is so disgusting.
It used to be fashionable to teach pre-schoolers their A-B-Cs. But that is sooo 20th century. Today leftists are teaching three year-olds to chant for union power and transgender rights.
EAG News reported:
Is your three-year-old preschooler chanting ‘union power' these days? She might, if author Innosanto Nagara has his way.
AisforactivistsNagara wrote “A is for Activist,” a book supposedly geared for the children of the “99 percent.” In other words, a new vehicle has been developed for leftists to begin indoctrinating children.
“It's pretty awesome to hear a three-year-old saying ‘union power,'” Nagara said in a YES! magazine interview.
But union power and student activism aren't the only goals. Consider these other letters and how they are applied in the book:
B is for banner, as in a protest banner hanging off a construction crane
L is for LGBTQ, as in Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgendered and Queer
T is for Trans, as in transgendered
Z is for Zapatistas, as in Mexican revolutionary leftists
Heady stuff for preschoolers, but the indoctrinators believe the tykes are old enough to learn the basics of revolutionary thought.
New research from Vanderbilt eavesdrops on gene expression in human immune system cells before and after vaccination against bird flu.
Reported in the journal PLOS One, the study exposes cellular responses associated with a vaccine constituent called AS03, short for adjuvant system 03. Using massive computation, the investigators pursue a systems biology approach, providing a new wealth of detail about vaccine responses and data for the generation of new hypotheses.
"This study signifies a new and different way to study vaccines. We've established that it can be done; it's complex but it's feasible. I think in the future this is the way vaccines will be studied," said one of the authors, Leigh Howard, M.D., MPH, assistant professor of Pediatrics.
The type of bird flu the team studied, subtype H5N1, is far more lethal in humans than seasonal flu.
AS03 is known to markedly boost the protection afforded by pandemic flu vaccines, including those for swine flu and bird flu, but its molecular mechanisms aren't understood.
Howard, immunologist Kristen Hoek, Ph.D., and colleagues report gene expression signals arising as early as the first day after vaccination that strongly predict the eventual generation of protective antibodies against H5N1.
They also find that neutrophils, a type of white blood cell, appear to have a hitherto unobserved role in vaccine response. (We've all seen evidence of neutrophils: pooled at an infection site, they're the main constituent of pus.) Part of the human immune system's first-line defenses, neutrophils appear to be the first responders to the adjuvated version of the vaccine.
According to gene expression profiles revealed in the study, neutrophils may also function as antigen-presenting cells (APC) in response to AS03-adjuvated vaccine. APCs fine-tune the immune response by retrieving and processing foreign antigens and presenting them to B cells and T cells in order to mount an immune response.
The investigators randomized 20 participants, half to receive AS03-adjuvated vaccine and half to receive unadjuvated vaccine -- two doses each, one month apart. Blood was drawn from each participant at eight time points over a 12-week period (including three time points before vaccination). Using a cell sorting method devised at Vanderbilt by Hoek and colleagues, samples of six immune system cell types were extracted from each blood draw, and a method called RNA-Seq was used to sequence the entire transcriptome of each cell sample. Conventional serum antibody testing was also performed to gauge protection provided by the vaccine.
Reflecting results from epidemiological studies, both vaccine formulations were well tolerated, and two months after initial vaccination no recipients of unadjuvated vaccine and nine of the 10 recipients of AS03-adjuvated vaccine achieved serum antibody concentrations associated with protection.
From painstaking cell sorting to full RNA sequencing and data analysis, it's an especially exacting and thorough way to study vaccine response.
"Boiling down 850 pages of data, we focused on three patterns of gene expression that give clues to the adjuvant's mechanism of action," said Hoek, research assistant professor in Pathology, Microbiology and Immunology.
Among the sequenced cell types, neutrophils, monocytes and dendritic cells were the most expressive at early time points after immunization. These cells are known to jumpstart the immune response.
"At day one [after vaccination] there were 80 genes similarly upregulated or downregulated in those three cell types. Many of these genes have known involvement with innate immune responses, including antigen processing and presentation," Hoek said.
"A second result was that the neutrophils highly express the genes involved in antigen processing and presentation. That's something new in vaccine immunology.
"And a third striking pattern was gene expression at day three in NKs [natural killer cells, another type of white blood cell] that indicated increased cell proliferation." This timing appeared puzzling to the team, not fitting any known function of NK cells. "We don't yet know what to make of the NK story," Hoek said.
Howard believes the study is a harbinger.
"Using this approach will open new opportunities to understand vaccine responses better than ever before. For example, we may someday be able to personalize vaccine schedules based on what we know about recipients' genetic makeup and predicted response. Eventually the field of vaccine development will move toward personalized vaccines," Howard said.
An upcoming study from the team will examine proteomic signatures of H5N1 vaccine, and similar studies are planned to evaluate vaccines that protect against other avian influenza strains.
This multidisciplinary study drew contributions from 13 additional authors, including biostatistician Johannes Goll, MS, of the Emmes Corporation in Rockville, Maryland, who ran the RNA-Seq data analysis.
Mr. Galvan said he might be the only Indian in California who was ecstatic about the prospect of sainthood for Father Serra. Mr. Medina, on the other hand, said he was angry that a pope he admires would elevate someone responsible for what Mr. Medina called atrocities.
The two agree on the facts: More than 5,700 Indians, many of whom died prematurely, are buried at the mission. In one unmarked trench are the remains of 363 Indians who contracted measles from the Europeans and died within three days of one another in 1806. All are buried under what is now church offices, a school and a parking lot. The only indicator of their deaths at the mission is one thin, wooden gravestone the cousins installed.
“If I know what happened to my ancestors, how can I be devoted to Junipero Serra?” Mr. Galvan asked. “I know that because of colonialism, the traditional ways of my ancestors are gone.”
And yet, he said, “my family first became Christian” at the mission. Mr. Galvan acknowledged that cruelty had been meted out there, citing a letter in which Father Serra ordered whips for disobedient Indians. But Father Serra, he said, remains “my inspiration.”
Mr. Medina was less forgiving. “Father Serra could have gone against the policy of the church and advocated for Indian people,” he said. Canonizing “the leader of the disastrous, genocidal California mission system is a way that the church further legitimizes the pain and suffering of Ohlone and countless other California Indians.” Canonization would only deepen the divide between Native Americans and the Roman Catholic Church, he said.
When he gives tours, Mr. Medina tells students to “imagine walking home from school, and people have taken the things you care about and make you change your name, your religion and your language.” He spares them the more brutal information, such as how girls and unmarried women were pulled from their families and forced to sleep in tight quarters until they were married off.
The number of workers on zero-hours contracts in the UK has increased by 19% to 744,000 over the past year
The number of workers on zero-hours contracts in the UK has increased by 19% to 744,000 over the past year.
Unions condemned the rise, with TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady saying: “Zero-hours contracts are a stark reminder of Britain's two-tier workforce. People employed on these contracts earn £300 a week less, on average, than workers in secure jobs.
“I challenge any minister or business leader to survive on a low-paid zero-hours contract job, not knowing from one day to the next how much work they will have.
“Try telling zero-hours workers who have been turned down by mortgage lenders and landlords that they are getting a good deal.
“We need a stronger and fairer recovery that works for everyone, not one that forces people to survive off scraps of work.”
Research published by the TUC shows that average weekly earnings for zero-hours workers are just £188, compared to £479 for permanent workers.
Two-fifths (39%) of zero-hours workers earn less than £111 a week – the qualifying threshold for statutory sick pay – compared to one in twelve 8% permanent employees.
The TUC estimates that in addition to Britain's zero-hours workforce there are another 820,000 UK employees who report being underemployed on between 0 and 19 hours a week.
GMB general secretary Paul Kenny said: “All across the economy the deal employers are offering workers is seriously decreased while workers often have little alternative but to accept what is on offer but workers are fighting back.
“One example is at the ASOS depot in Barnsley where GMB members are campaigning for fixed hours. Another is the kitchens at Staverton Park Hotel near Daventry owned by the De Vere Group. GMB had to fight for permanent hours contracts for some of them who were on zero hour contracts for nearly four years. We have had similar problems with zero hours at Marks and Spencer depot in Swindon where members employed by an agency are campaigning for parity with permanent staff on fixed hours.”
The UCU pointed to its own research which shows that two-fifths (42%) of university and college staff on casual contracts struggle to pay their bills and a third (34%) have had problems getting a mortgage.
UCU general secretary Sally Hunt said: “It is unacceptable that the number of zero-hours contracts is still rising- they are exploitative and damaging for staff. Our own research shows that many people on these contracts struggle to make ends meet, and can't plan for the future because they just don't know how many hours they'll get to work.
“These contracts offer no job security and restrict opportunities for people to progress in their careers. The flexibility which they offer employers is not a two-way street, and leads to greater uncertainty for employees. We need to reverse this trend and ensure that everyone who wants a proper contract with guaranteed hours can get one.”
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
The Atlanta Falcons begin rookie minicamp Friday afternoon, which will offer a first glimpse at their six draft picks.
ESPN spoke with 10 coaches and evaluators from other teams who either watched film, met with or worked out the six players. Here is what they had to say about the class.
Takkarist McKinley, DE, UCLA (first round)
Coach: "Unbelievable motor. Will chase the ball with intent regardless of position, relative to where the play originated. Plays big on the line of scrimmage when at the point of attack despite not having prototypical 4-3 defensive-end size. He's very physical."
"Takk gets mad at everybody -- coaches, everybody," one NFL evaluator said of Falcons first-round pick Takkarist McKinley. "People were scared of him at UCLA." Chris Williams/Icon Sportswire
Evaluator No. 1: "I'm a fan. The discussion was he a Sam [linebacker] or is he a defensive end. The conclusion was that while he could do Sam and could function well in Sam while being a situational pass-rusher, we'd thought he was better at defensive end. You take advantage of what he does the best. Playing Sam just takes him out of those pass-rush situations. They'll be some drops and you'll have to cover a little bit. It just takes him out of his strength. Takk played Sam for a little bit in junior college. He could function in that role. But with his quickness and his first step and his burst off the ball and just the speed he generates as a pass-rusher, [playing Sam] would take away from his strengths, basically."
Evaluator No. 2: "I like Takk. He's got emotion, now. Takk gets mad at everybody -- coaches, everybody. People were scared of him at UCLA. That's what everybody said. He's a rough m-----f-----."
Duke Riley, LB, LSU (third round)
Coach: "The kid himself is a really good kid. He's outgoing, an extroverted guy. He's got a lot of confidence. I think he's a better tester than he is a football player. He won't have any trouble knowing football. He's fine. He's got good football intelligence. To me, he just didn't play to the numbers he has. I thought that [Atlanta] took him too high, in my opinion. When the process started, he was like a sixth-rounder. But through the process, people started to like him more and more. His position is the weak side, but his personality is to be the Mike [middle linebacker]. He could play across the board for them because he's really a jack-of-all-trades, but a master of none. Plus he comes from people that lived on the edge. All those lily-white guys, when you really need them most, they curl up and hide. He's not going to do that. He'll step up and take a bullet.''
Evaluator: "In terms of numbers and flying to the ball, adding Riley makes them freaky. He struggles to take on blocks, though.''
Sean Harlow, OL, Oregon State (fourth round)
Coach: "He was a guy that I watched and he wasn't high on our list. I didn't think he was very strong. He was a guy you maybe take in the seventh round or as a [undrafted] free agent. Folks said he was very smart. I personality wouldn't have drafted him, but, again, he's a smart guy.''
Evaluator: "He's solid. He has a chance to step right in and contribute.''
Damontae Kazee, DB, San Diego State (fifth round)
Evaluator: "When you go into his school, they rave about the football-intelligence part of his game, the versatility. He's someone that can play in the slot, and then just the ball skills. He has that knack for just making plays and creating turnovers. The slight concern I had was just the long speed, and that was before all the testing. On film, you saw as far as recovering if he was beaten, there was a little bit of that lacking. You didn't see a lot of clips of him lined up in press. He did a lot of stuff off with a line of vision to the quarterback. He probably wasn't as high for us as he was for other teams just because of the press coverage. But I thought there were no issues with his physicality and coming up and supporting the run. I kind of laugh when people [criticize] corners for not being excellent tacklers. I feel like if you have a corner who is a good tackler, he's probably not a good corner because he's getting a lot of balls caught on him. In that area [tackling], I think he's good enough.''
Coach: "We liked his ball skills.''
Brian Hill, RB, Wyoming (fifth round)
Coach: "First- and second-down back. Good size for the position with average feel and vision as a ball carrier. Good gap-scheme runner who runs hard and will fight for yards. Downhill, upright runner who can gain yards after contact but needs to do a better job utilizing his blockers in the run game. Average feet for the position and needs steps to make sharp cuts. Possesses very good ball security. Lacks experience in the pass game and stiff hips will limit what he can do as a route-runner. Won't give much as receiver but could help to protect on third down."
Eric Saubert, TE, Drake (fifth round)
Coach: "More of a receiver but has some size and strength. Is a very smart player and a hard worker.''
Evaluator: "Skilled route-runner with good receiving tools. Stood out for a small-school guy.''
An update to the code demonstrating E4X support is here.
Ajaxian is reporting that Sun is releasing Phobos, a Javascript application server. This is a web server that runs Javascript for implementing the server side code. The source has not yet been released, according to Ajaxian, but will be.
A while back I worked on doing server side Javascripting using Rhino as the interpreter and Jetty 6 as the server. I got it to work but never tidied it up for release. Sun's Phobos has motivated me to make it available so I've tidied it up and it can be downloaded from javascript-server.tar.gz. A darcs repository with the code is here:
darcs get http://www.bluishcoder.co.nz/repos/javascript-server
The repository contains the Jetty 6 JAR files and the Rhino interpreter JAR, along with an example Javascript file showing how it works and a readme.
Once the 'example.js' is loaded into the Rhino interpreter you can start a Jetty 6 web server on port 8080 with the following command:
var s = startServer(8080);
A simple 'HelloWorld' style servlet looks like this in Javascript:
HelloWorldServlet = makeServlet({ ProcessGet: function (req, resp) { var text = "Hello World!"; resp.setContentType("text/plain") resp.setContentLength(text.length) resp.getOutputStream().print(text) resp.flushBuffer() } });
It has a 'ProcessGet' function which is called when an HTTP GET is made. The 'req' and 'resp' objects and the standard Java HttpServletRequest and HttpServletResponse respectively.
The magic of deriving from HttpServlet is done by Rhino. But it can't actually override HttpServlet methods - it can only override abstract methods. To fix this I created a JavascriptServlet Java class which forwards doGet(...) to an abstract 'ProcessGet', which is the method you see overridden above.
With the Jetty server we started running from the interpreter earlier we can add this servlet dynamically:
addServlet(s, "/", HelloWorldServlet);
Now requests to http://localhost:8080/ will run HelloWorldServlet. When can dynamically add other servlets too:
addServlet(s, "/bye", GoodbyeWorldServlet);
Requests to http://localhost:8080/bye/ will run the GoodbyeWorldServlet.
Using the Jetty API you can work out how to add, remove and otherwise do some very cool stuff. Like play with Jetty 6's Ajax continuation support.
The server can be stopped with:
s.stop();
Running Javascript on the client and server gives some interesting possibilities. Sharing code for example. Or writing validation rules in Javascript which run both on the client and server.
The Dojo javascript toolkit can run client side or server side. This means you could use Dojo's packaging and other nice features for server side development in Javascript.
Rhino has continuation's which are serialisable. A continuation based web server could be implemented which serialises continuations like SISCWeb.
Download javascript-server, play with it, and let me know what you do with it. I hope to follow up on some of the above ideas too.
Your favorite salty-sweet, un-baked indulgence in healthy breakfast form, this Cookie Dough Oatmeal is the ultimate easy dessert for breakfast!
One does not simply create cookie dough bits without a greater cookie dough end goal in mind. Actually one might. Okay one probably would. But in this case, one had a bigger breakfast plan involving more than just cookie dough bits + milk + a spoon.
And I promise I won't use the word “one” again for the rest of this post, that was getting weird.
That bigger breakfast plan: Cookie Dough Oatmeal.
I've seen cookie dough oatmeal recipes before where the oatmeal is made to taste like cookie and then you stir in chocolate chips effectively making the oatmeal itself the dough.
But where's the dough-y texture in that technique? Nowhere to be found.
If I asked for cookie dough ice cream and was handed ice cream with nothing but chocolate chips mixed in I would be disappointed no matter how much salty-sweet, buttery, vanilla flavor the ice cream had to it. I need the dough part of the cookie dough title to be represented somehow! The same logic applies to cookie dough oatmeal.
So I made the cookie dough bits. And stirred them into the cooking oatmeal. And it was delicious. And it satisfied all my cookie dough in a breakfast bowl standards.
Despite my ranting about how salty-sweet, buttery, vanilla flavor isn't enough to call it cookie dough oatmeal, those things certainly don't hurt. So I added them here too in the form of vanilla extract, a pinch of salt, and cashew butter. The first two are very familiar, but let's talk about that last one ingredient (oops almost slipped!).
Cashew butter is quite possibly my favorite nut butter, especially the raw stuff. It's sweet and rich and almost reminds me of…cocoa butter? That makes no sense, I know, but it does somehow. Melted into simmering oats it not only adds a buttery-delicious flavor but it also makes the end oatmeal product extra thick and creamy.
I actually opted not to sweeten this oatmeal at all because with the natural nutty sweetness of the raw cashew butter and the sprinkled-in sweetness of the date-based cookie dough bits, I don't think you need it. You can taste and decide for yourself though–a tablespoon of maple syrup or date paste won't hurt.
Right as those extra thick and creamy oats are almost done cooking, sprinkle in the star of the show–the cookie dough bits. Don't add them too early or all the chocolate chips will melt and turn the whole pot into chocolate chocolate chip cookie dough oatmeal (hmmmm…?) Right as you take the pan off the heat, that's the optimal time to add them. Then all the cookie dough flavor can meld in and the chips turn just the perfect degree of melty.
Happy breakfast cooki(e)ng!
Cookie Dough Oatmeal ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 5 from 1 reviews Prep Time: Prep Time: 5 minutes
Cook Time: Cook Time: 10 minutes
Total Time: Total Time: 15 minutes
Yield: Yield: 1 serving Print Pin Description Your favorite salty-sweet, un-baked indulgence in healthy breakfast form, this Cookie Dough Oatmeal is the ultimate easy dessert for breakfast! Ingredients 1 cup non-dairy milk (I used almond)
½ cup rolled oats
½ tsp vanilla extract
Pinch of salt
1 tbsp raw cashew butter
1/2 cup cookie dough bits Instructions In a medium saucepan, combine the non-dairy milk, oats, vanilla, salt, and cashew butter. Bring to a boil. Reduce to medium-low heat and simmer for 8-10 minutes stirring frequently until thick. Remove from the heat and immediately stir in the cookie dough bits. Transfer to a bowl, top with more cookie dough bits, and enjoy!
While we're talking chocolate chip…
-Classic cookie form with a soft-baked texture and fruit-sweetened secret
-More cookie dough goodness plus the addition of peanut butter
–Chocolate chip snacking that tastes a lot like a certain popular packaged bar
-Chocolate times 3 all packed into one crinkle cookie
Click Below To Pin
SaveSave
The European Space Agency's Venus Express is helping planetary scientists investigate whether Venus once had oceans. If it did, it may even have begun its existence as a habitable planet similar to Earth.
These days, Earth and Venus seem completely different. Earth is a lush, clement world teeming with life, whilst Venus is hellish, its surface roasting at temperatures higher than those of a kitchen oven.
But underneath it all the two planets share a number of striking similarities. They are nearly identical in size and now, thanks to ESA's Venus Express orbiter, planetary scientists are seeing other similarities too.
"The basic composition of Venus and Earth is very similar," says Håkan Svedhem, ESA Venus Express Project Scientist. Just how similar planetary scientists from around the world will be discussing in Aussois, France, where they are gathering this week for a conference.
One difference stands out: Venus has very little water. Were the contents of Earth's oceans to be spread evenly across the world, they would create a layer 3 km deep. If you were to condense the amount of water vapour in Venus' atmosphere onto its surface, it would create a global puddle just 3 cm deep.
Yet there is another similarity here. Billions of years ago, Venus probably had much more water. Venus Express has certainly confirmed that the planet has lost a large quantity of water into space.
It happens because ultraviolet radiation from the Sun streams into Venus' atmosphere and breaks up the water molecules into atoms: two hydrogens and one oxygen. These then escape to space.
Venus Express has measured the rate of this escape and confirmed that roughly twice as much hydrogen is escaping as oxygen. It is therefore believed that water is the source of these escaping ions. It has also shown that a heavy form of hydrogen, called deuterium, is progressively enriched in the upper echelons of Venus's atmosphere, because the heavier hydrogen will find it less easy to escape the planet's grip.
"Everything points to there being large amounts of water on Venus in the past," says Colin Wilson, Oxford University, UK. But that does not necessarily mean there were oceans on the planet's surface.
Eric Chassefière, Université Paris-Sud, France, has developed a computer model that suggests the water was largely atmospheric and existed only during the very earliest times, when the surface of the planet was completely molten. As the water molecules were broken into atoms by sunlight and escaped into space, the subsequent drop in temperature probably triggered the solidification of the surface. In other words: no oceans.
Although it is difficult to test this hypothesis it is a key question. If Venus ever did possess surface water, the planet may possibly have had an early habitable phase.
Even if true, Chassefière's model does not preclude the chance that colliding comets brought additional water to Venus after the surface crystallised, and these created bodies of standing water in which life may have been able to form.
There are many open questions. "Much more extensive modelling of the magma ocean-atmosphere system and of its evolution is required to better understand the evolution of the young Venus," says Chassefière.
When creating those computer models, the data provided by Venus Express will prove crucial.
Thousands struggle to survive in exile as the conflict in their home country drags on, Josh Wood reports from Obock.
OBOCK, Djibouti // Every day Mohammed Al Assar treks five kilometres in the scorching heat down a lonely desert road that takes him from the refugee camp in which he resides to the hardscrabble Djiboutian town of Obock.
There he is able to charge his phone, allowing him to check in with loved ones and get the latest news from Yemen. When he is done, the 25-year-old walks back to the stifling, bare tent he shares with four other men. Sweaty, he washes off with water he hauls from a collection point before falling asleep after another long day in exile.
He jokes that the exercise of walking 10km a day will get him in good shape and that the relentless sunshine will give him a good tan. As a well-travelled, trilingual and well-educated young man, he never envisioned himself in a refugee camp in sub-saharan africa. But then the war happened.
At its closest point, the small, impoverished nation of Djibouti is just 32km from Yemen. When Yemen's conflict sharply deteriorated in March, some started eyeing Djibouti as a potential refuge. But while they have escaped air strikes, snipers and shortages of food, fuel and other basic supplies, they have arrived in a poor country with limited resources where life is much more difficult than it was in pre-war Yemen.
According to the United Nations' refugee agency UNHCR, more than 4,000 Yemenis had arrived in Djibouti by early May. About 1,000 of those refugees live in a tent-filled refugee camp and unfinished orphanage near Obock, a four-hour drive or one-hour speedboat ride from Djibouti City, where the vast majority of the country's population lives.
The UN is making preparations to take in 15,000 Yemeni refugees in the next six months.
To receive aid from the UN, refugees are required to live in one of these spartan facilities. Thousands of others are trying to survive on their own in Djibouti City, where many see their money quickly evaporating.
Many of the refugees in Obock come from a well-educated, professional class. Some speak English with American and British accents from long stints living in the West.
“For them it's quite a shock because three weeks ago they were living in an apartment with A/C and now they find themselves in a refugee camp living in tents,” said Marie-Claire Sowinetz, an external relations officer with UNHCR in Djibouti.
There is no electricity in the camp. To buy vegetables, fruit, meat and other foods not included in UN aid packs requires a five-kilometre slog to town. Refugees say hyenas, monkeys, snakes, scorpions and spiders wander through their dusty living space.
“Why did they put us here away from the city of Djibouti? Are we terrorists? We came here because of terrorists,” said Imad Yahya, 20, from Aden. “They treat us like we are bad people.”
Some of the refugees are already missing Yemen at war. Others have advised family members not to join them in Djibouti.
“In Yemen life is difficult, here we find life more difficult. We have war there, but I think life in Yemen is better,” said Mohammad Amer, a 42-year-old refugee from Sanaa.
Djibouti has opened its doors to Yemeni refugees, but there is only so much it can do. The country has seen massive foreign investment in recent years due to its strategic location and port facilities, but it is still mired in extreme poverty.
Nearly 60 per cent of the population is unemployed and life expectancy at birth is 47 years. Djibouti was facing insurmountable problems before the war in Yemen and if Yemenis stay here for a long time, it is unlikely they will be able to find jobs and make a comfortable life for themselves here.
About 3,000 refugees have tried their luck living outside the camp, but that proves both difficult and expensive. In the capital, affordable hotels are fully booked due to the refugee crisis. Some are taking advantage of the new arrivals.
At a mid-range hotel in Djibouti City last week, a minivan piled high with luggage dropped off 15 women and children fleeing from Ibb. They were desperate for a place to rest. The hotel told them they could have a room — for only two hours — for a price.
Later that day the hotel decided they did in fact have room and allowed the family to take two rooms. When they checked out two days later, they were handed a bill for US$2,400 (Dh8,815). The hotel had decided to charge them by the person, rather than by the room, for a stay where most slept on the floor.
“Life is quite expensive” in Djibouti said Ms Sowinetz, the UNCHR representative. “We expect after a certain time they [many refugees] will approach us and register as refugees.”
For fresh arrivals, the escape from the war is still euphoric despite the harsh living conditions presented by Djibouti.
Faiza Mohammad arrived on a boat from Aden last Tuesday with her brother after a voyage of more than 12 hours. Awaiting a spot in one of the UNHCR facilities in Obock, they were settled in a small International Organisation for Migration compound, designed for small numbers, across the street from the refugee camp.
“I don't know when I will eat or when I will sleep, but at least there aren't bombs,” she said. Here in Djibouti “we're like animals: we eat and we sleep”.
At the start of the war in March, Ms Mohammad thought the war would be quick and they would wait it out. As it wore on, she started getting more desperate to leave fearing that anti-Houthi forces in Aden would be unable to hold the line. She was terrified that their boat would be targeted by snipers and rocket fire as they pulled out of the port after hearing stories of other vessels coming under fire.
Returning is not an option for Ms Mohammad: she says Houthi snipers are not distinguishing civilians from fighters in the city and is frightened that massacres will be carried out if the rebels advance further.
“If you walk in the street, if you go to buy anything, you think ‘I will not get back to my home,'” she said. “The Houthis say ‘kill the kuffar [infidels]' - we say there are no kuffar in Yemen. They say we are all takfiris and Daesh,” she added, using the Arabic acronym for ISIL.
Many here view their stay as temporary and are trying to get relocated to a third country, but a blue Yemeni passport is next to useless in the world as only 32 nations allow Yemenis entrance without prior acquisition of a visa. And many of those nations are far away and impoverished.
Jordan and Algeria are the only Arab countries where Yemenis do not require a visa. Egypt allows Yemenis to enter without a visa only if they are younger than 17 or older than 60.
Mr Al Assar and his brother acquired visas to travel to Ethiopia before leaving Yemen last month. But when they flew from Djibouti to Addis Ababa, they were turned back by immigration officers.
Now he is hoping to get a visa to the United States, where his sister lives. If that does not work, he may try to get to India, where he studied computer science in Pune before moving to Sanaa and becoming a taxi driver last year.
While Yemeni refugees hope that they will soon leave the refugee camps and overpriced Djibouti hotels behind and settle in western countries, there's little hope for some of the camp's non-Yemeni refugees who were already seeking refuge in Yemen when the war began.
Idriss Ismael Fadel, 56, fled to Yemen from his native Eritrea in 1993 after several of his friends disappeared and others became political prisoners. He moved to a refugee camp in Taez and started a new life convinced that there was no way he could safely go back to Eritrea while the government that had persecuted his friends stayed in power.
But fighting in Taez forced him back across the sea to a refugee camp just a few hours down the road from the country he first fled.
“We don't have any particular plans, we are just waiting,” he said. “It's exhausting. We don't have any hope.”
foreign.desk@thenational.ae
The Russian Foreign Ministry said Friday it has ordered its consulate in Crimea to speed up the issuance of passports and citizenship to members of Ukraine's elite Berkut riot police.
MOSCOW, February 28 (RIA Novosti) – The Russian Foreign Ministry said Friday it has ordered its consulate in Crimea to speed up the issuance of passports and citizenship to members of Ukraine's elite Berkut riot police.
“The Russian consulate in Simferopol has been instructed to take all necessary measures to start issuing Russian passports to officers of the Berkut unit,” the ministry said in its Facebook blog.
The new authorities in Kiev have disbanded the Berkut following last week's deadly clashes between riot police and anti-government protestors that left 88 people dead and injured hundreds before Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych fled the capital.
His government deployed Berkut repeatedly to contain and break up the demonstrations that began in late November, after Yanukovych's sudden decision to abandon Ukraine's planned association agreement with the European Union.
Berkut forces were dispatched to forcibly break up tent dwellings within days of the protests starting in Kiev's central Independence Square, a tactical miscalculation that added impetus to the demonstrations.
Later, the feared police were frequently used as a frontline defense against radical protesters seeking to march on government buildings and came under much criticism for alleged excessive use of force towards demonstrators.
Their supporters have argued, however, that police had no choice but to adopt heavy-handed measures in facing off against rioters armed with sticks, shields, bricks, Molotov cocktails and, reportedly in some cases, lethal firearms.
Members of the disbanded Berkut received a hero's welcome from some residents when they arrived in Crimea's capital Simferopol at the weekend. Supporters claimed that they had been defending the country against alleged extremists in the opposition movement.
In 2014, the Board of Governors approved a strategic plan for the new Rutgers—a document that expresses a bold vision and strategy for the next five years.
The plan, conceived at a singular moment in Rutgers' 250-year history and the result of more than a year of universitywide discussion and analysis initiated by President Robert Barchi, set a clear ambition for the university:
Rutgers aspires to be broadly recognized as among the nation's leading public universities: preeminent in research, excellent in teaching, and committed to community.
President Barchi has been implementing the strategic plan through a series of major initiatives, and the chancellors of the University's campuses in New Brunswick, Newark, and Camden and of Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences have prepared strategic plans that complement the universitywide plan.
(Reuters) - The whistleblower in a breakthrough tax fraud case against Swiss bank UBS AG has won a record-setting $104 million reward from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, a handsome payout that could entice more informants to come forward.
Bradley Birkenfeld, who once confessed to smuggling diamonds in a toothpaste tube, was not present at the news conference on Tuesday where his award was announced by his lawyers.
He was released from prison just last month and is living in New Hampshire under home confinement at a friend's estate where he is gardening and assisting with other jobs involving manual labor on the property, the lawyers said.
Based on netting roughly $44 million after paying federal taxes and legal fees, which tax lawyers not involved in the case called a reasonable estimate, Birkenfeld realized about $46,000 for each day he spent in prison.
In a case that shook Swiss banking to its core, UBS in 2009 entered into a deferred prosecution agreement and paid $780 million in fines, penalties, interest and restitution to settle charges that it helped thousands of wealthy Americans hide billions of dollars in secret Swiss accounts.
U.S. authorities are still investigating other Swiss banks.
Birkenfeld knew the inner workings of UBS and spilled many secrets about his former employer's dealings with U.S. clients. But he was jailed after the government said that he withheld other information and he spent 30 months in prison.
He is scheduled to be freed from home confinement in late November and he is continuing to help government tax authorities with their investigations, said his lawyers, Stephen Kohn and Dean Zerbe, who would not discuss their cut of the award.
The sum paid by the IRS to Birkenfeld is “the largest whistleblower reward issued to a single individual,” Kohn said.
In October 2010, a GlaxoSmithKline Plc quality manager won $96 million for exposing manufacturing defects at a plant in Puerto Rico. The drug company paid $750 million to settle the charges.
Bradley Birkenfeld makes remarks before surrendering to authorities at the Schuylkill County Federal Correctional Institution in Minersville, Pennsylvania, January 8, 2010. REUTERS/Tim Shaffer
Bryan Skarlatos, a tax lawyer with law firm Kostelanetz & Fink LLP, said the IRS whistleblower program is likely to become a bigger deal now, “people will come out of the woodwork.”
ENCOURAGING WHISTLEBLOWERS
Solomon Wisenberg, a partner at law firm Barnes & Thornburg, said the award would draw attention to the IRS whistleblower program.
“Certainly there are a number of tax scams out there still, and this sends a message: if I know something about that, even if I am involved, I can get something for me out of that,” Wisenberg said.
Confirmed by the IRS, the award comes as U.S. and European authorities are investigating a wide range of tax evasion cases involving people with accounts in Switzerland, a long-standing bastion of banking secrecy that is being forced to change.
In 2010, UBS agreed to disclose 4,450 American client names to U.S. authorities. Eleven Swiss banks are known still to be under U.S. scrutiny. The Swiss have been seeking a legal deal to remove the taint from their financial industry.
The crackdown comes at a time of massive budget deficits for the U.S. government and pressure on the IRS to collect more tax.
The information provided by Birkenfeld has brought in $5 billion in taxes from “big banks and wealthy individuals who tried to evade paying their fair share,” Zerbe said.
The IRS whistleblower program gathers information from people who want to alert the tax-collecting agency to misconduct. Last year, the program collected only $48 million in tax revenues, down from $464 million in fiscal 2010. New whistleblower cases were down as well.
Those results drew criticism earlier this year from Republican Senator Charles Grassley, who wrote legislation overhauling the program in 2006. But Grassley said on Tuesday the Birkenfeld case showed the whistleblower program can work.
A Switzerland national flag flies in front of the logo of Swiss bank UBS at the company's headquarters in Zurich April 13, 2012. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Wisenberg said friends of big business in Congress might argue that it was an outrage for someone involved to get so large an award.
“But if ever there was anyone who deserved a big reward it was this guy,” he said. “He's done something no one's ever done before, essentially brought the Swiss banks to their knees.”
For at least two hours on Saturday, the five-year-old girl — who had been raped allegedly by a peon at her Gandhi Nagar school — refused to answer questions about the sexual assault. But once doctors and nurses at a government hospital used their years of experience and counselled her, the girl spilled out all the necessary details to nail her rapist.
By the time the girl was done describing her alleged rapist, Vikas Jaiswal, all that the police were left to do was to get his address from school authorities and nab him.
The girl “almost accurately” described Vikas' height, his weight, his baldness and the fact that he often wore a cap, said a senior police officer. She told police that Vikas worked at the other building of the school — located across the street from where the girl studied — but would often visit her school building and occasionally her classroom.
The police then asked the school authorities about any staff who matched the descriptions provided by the girl. “Since we had collected Vikas' Aadhaar card and address proof, we immediately provided it to the police,” the principal of the school said.
A police team then visited Vikas at his home that night, clicked his photograph and sent it to their counterparts who were with the girl. “We sent multiple photos of the accused as well as other people. Each time, the girl identified the rapist among other photographs ” said a senior investigator.
The victim's parents, meanwhile, said they had spent more than what they could afford to get their daughter and son admitted to private schools in the neighbourhood.
“I earn Rs 10,000 a month after overtime. Of that, I pay Rs 1,100 per month as fee for my daughter,” said the girl's father. “We chose this school for my daughter as the school had a good reputation in our locality,” he added.
He added that he will now pull his daughter out of the school and admit her somewhere else.
The parents of some other children too said that they were planning to do the same.
“A school is a child's second home. They should feel safe there. But my daughter was raped in side her school,” her mother said.
The woman said her daughter, after being assaulted, attended one more class before returning home.
First Published: Sep 10, 2017 23:55 IST
Before you hate me for putting bacon on everything, hold on!
These donuts are baked! So to me, that makes these donuts healthy. That's right!
I'm really thinking that bacon need its own category on this blog. Bacon makes the world go round. 🙂 I think this is what they refer to bacon mania!
I am a bacon enthusiast! I am part of “Bacon Nation”, I am a bacon freak. Whew, that makes me feel better! I think us bacon lovers need our own bacon support group. However, this masterpiece, the maple bacon donut or what they love to call “The Elvis” is becoming very popular in North America. This is one of those things that you'll either love or you'll hate. I for one, love them.
How can I not love anything with maple on them, after all I am Canadian, we do own Maple syrup. But I understand that sometimes we need to eat healthy so that's why I baked these donuts. To be honest, I bought this baking donut tray and I could not wait to use it. So I thought hard about it, what kind of donuts are worth this cute little baking donut tray, I did my research, I lost a couple nights of sleep over this, but then in the end it was all worth it. “The Elvis” appeared in my dreams and showed me the maple bacon donut! It could be the most delicious thing you've ever tasted.
So let me tell you how to make these baked donuts. First of all I cooked the bacon, which just drives my dog crazy whenever I cook bacon. The smell is too much for her, she just plops herself in the middle of the kitchen and won't move till she gets her share. So whereas I only need 3 slices of bacon for these donuts, I have to make about 6 or 10 slices, because between the dog and my husband, it's World War III over bacon.
But bacon and maple aside, these are baked donuts. Who'd have thunk it? Your favorite treat, but baked!
Preheat the oven to 375 F degrees. Spray the donut tray with cooking spray and set aside. In a small bowl mix together the yogurt, melted butter, milk, eggs and vanilla extract. In the bowl of your mixer, mix all the dry ingredients, so the flour, sugar, baking powder, nutmeg, cinnamon and salt. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix on medium for a minute or so until everything is nicely incorporated. Now here's the trick to making these baked donuts perfect.
Use a piping bag. So transfer the donut dough into the piping bag, keep in mind it's quite sticky. Now carefully pipe the donut dough into each donut form. Easy peasy!
Bake these puppies in the oven for about 20 minutes, or until the top is slightly golden brown. Take them out, let them cool for a couple minutes, then turn them over onto your work surface. Repeat with remainder of donut dough. For me this recipe made 12 perfect donuts.
Don't they look irresistible already? But have some patience. Before you dig your teeth into these babies, let's make the maple icing, which is super simple. You'll need a cup of icing sugar, 1 tablespoon of hot water and a 1/4 cup of good Canadian maple syrup, it's ok if you don't have Canadian maple syrup, use whichever kind you have, I won't hold it against you. Whisk everything together, and that's all there is to maple icing. Now take a donut and with the top side down dunk it in the maple syrup. Make sure you move it around in there to get plenty of that maple syrup. Next take some bacon and sprinkle on top. If you were a brave soul, you would dunk the donut in the crumbled bacon as well. Repeat with all the donuts.
I would never steer you wrong. These donuts are to die for. 🙂
Maple Bacon Donuts a.k.a. The Elvis Print Pin Prep Time: 20 minutes Cook Time: 20 minutes Total Time: 40 minutes Servings: 12 Author: Jo Ingredients Donuts 2 cups all purpose flour
2 tsp baking powder
3/4 cup white sugar
1/4 tsp cinnamon
1/4 tsp nutmeg
1 tsp salt
3/4 cup greek yogurt
1/2 cup 3% milk
2 eggs
1 tsp vanilla
2 tbsp butter Maple Icing 1 cup icing sugar
1 tbsp hot water
1/4 cup maple syrup Special Guest 3 slices cooked bacon crumbled love what you see? Follow @jocooks on Pinterest! Instructions Preheat the oven to 375 F degrees.
Spray the donut tray with cooking spray and set aside.
In a small bowl mix together the yogurt, melted butter, milk, eggs and vanilla extract.
In the bowl of your mixer, mix all the dry ingredients, so the flour, sugar, baking powder, nutmeg, cinnamon and salt. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix on medium for a minute or so until everything is nicely incorporated.
Transfer the donut dough into the piping bag, keep in mind it's quite sticky. Now carefully pipe the donut dough into each donut form.
Bake the donuts in the oven for about 20 minutes, or until the top is slightly golden brown. Take them out, let them cool for a couple minutes, then turn them over onto your work surface.
Whisk all icing ingredients together.
Dunk the donuts in the maple icing, then sprinkle with some crumbled bacon. tried this recipe? rate it below tag @jocooks on instagram and hashtag it #jocooks
Enjoy!
Late Wednesday afternoon, federal Judge Amy Berman Jackson issued a ruling against the parents of Benghazi victims who sued Hillary Clinton earlier this year. The plaintiffs, in this case, were trying to get the Court to uphold a default judgment against Clinton for failing to respond to their lawsuit. One of the plaintiffs, Patricia Smith, is expected to appear at the Presidential debate to support Donald Trump on Wednesday night.
Earlier this month, a clerk in federal court in D.C. entered a default judgment in the case after Clinton failed to respond to the lawsuit. David Kendall, Clinton's attorney, claimed that Clinton was not properly served the lawsuit, and therefore the default was “erroneous.” Wednesday afternoon, a judge agreed with Clinton, and ordered that the judgment against her be thrown out.
“Whether or not the defendant was served with process in accordance with applicable state law, defendant is now on notice of this lawsuit, and counsel entered an appearance on her behalf on September 15, 2016,” Judge Jackson wrote. Jackson was appointed by President Obama to the bench in 2011. But, let's be clear, that doesn't mean this case is over. There are still many procedural and substantive matters that must be addressed by the Court.
Smith and Charles Woods are the parents of American U.S. Foreign Service member Sean Smith, and Navy SEAL Tyrone Woods who both died during the September 11, 2012 attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya. They sued Clinton for wrongful death, defamation, and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress.
They allege that Clinton lied to them about the cause of the Benghazi attack. She allegedly told them in a private meeting that the attack “was the result of [an] anti-Muslim YouTube video that had been posted online and that the creator of the video would be arrested.” The complaint alleges that “Clinton has negligently, recklessly, and/or maliciously defamed Plaintiffs by … directly calling them liars[.]”
Clinton's attorneys said that the underlying lawsuit is “facially implausible,” politically motivated, and contradicted by the findings of the FBI.
The French government has published a chart of nine ways we can spot a potential jihadist. However, many of the points on the list could easily be applied to anyone whose life has been altered radically, not by any extremist preacher, but by an all-screaming, never-sleeping, always hungry new baby.
This may lead to the finger being pointed at some innocent new parents.
Here's the French government's nine-point list (see chart below):
They stop listening to music
Potential jihadists will stop listening to music because they think it will distract them from the “mission”, the government says. Most new dads are also forced to unplug the music system, not because it distracts from any parental “mission”, but because “you'll wake the bloody baby! Again!”.
Stop watching TV and quit going to the cinema
Radicalized young men and women will turn off the TV and stop going to the cinema, the French government points out because they don't want to risk coming across “forbidden images”. First-time parents on the other hand will stop watching TV or going to the cinema because they just can't stay awake past 9pm.
They dramatically change their eating habits
Those potentially heading for jihad will change what and when they eat, the government says, which is exactly what happens when you have a baby. No more eating out, no more eating together, no more eating at the table, just lots of takes away pizzas and leftover pureed vegetables for mum and dad.
Stop all sport
Extremists are likely to give up all sporting activity as they don't like the fact men and women are often mixed, French authorities say. Over in new-baby world, a similar change in habits takes place with mums stopping exercise because they feel like they've been hit by a bus and dads because they've finally got an excuse to order take-away pizzas and get fat. And where do you get the time anyway!?
Change the way they dress
Those who have heard the call to jihad will also change the way they dress, the French government says, notably women who are likely to wear clothes to hide their figure. That's remarkably similar to Parisian mums who are also desperate to hide their body until they are back in the same shape they were before they got pregnant. While dads don't really change what they wear so much, they are however far more willing to wear a jumper to work covered in baby sick.
They don't trust old friends
According to the French government potential jihadists will act differently towards their old friends who they may see as “impure”. Whilst “impure” might be a tad strong for how new parents would describe those friends "on the other side" who don't have children and who go out late and get time to sleep off their hangovers, something does feel odd about them. B****rds is probably the more appropriate word.
They reject members of their family
Those on the path towards radicalization are likely to turn away from their own family members, the government says. This is also distinctly likely for new parents, although here it's not an extremist preacher of hate who is responsible, just the mother-in-laws and how much they help out/stick their beaks in.
They abandon school/professional training
A potential jihadist is likely to drop out of school or vocational training, the French government says, because they see the teaching as part of a plot. While this isn't the case for most parents, unless we are talking about accidental teenage ones, they do abandon hope of following the career they wanted and just concentrate on earning money to pay for childcare.
Consult extremist websites
One of the most obvious ways to spot a potential jihadist is to keep an eye on the websites they visit. They will visit social networks and websites that are more radical and extreme, the government says. While "lalecheleague.org" and "mumsnet.com"do not promote violence of any kind, they do have some pretty extremist mums on there suggesting some pretty radical things like "talk constantly to your baby". They are pretty influential.
The U.S. decision to ban large electronic devices on American-bound flights from 10 international airports sparked confusion among observers Tuesday who were unsure about how to react to the confusing new rules.
In a release, the Department of Homeland Security announced the news banning the use of virtually all electronic devices larger than a cellphone in cabin on flights to the U.S. from eight Middle Eastern and North African nations.
Although the full details of the U.S. plan had yet to emerge, the U.K. government moved swiftly to announce a similar plan, albeit one that targets different devices from a smaller pool of airports.
Earlier reports suggested that U.S. carriers might be somewhat exempt from the rules, but the Homeland Security release specifically says the new rules will be enforced as of Friday on all airlines "at 10 select airports where flights are departing for the United States."
The ban only covers 10 airports in 8 nations, which has many security experts scratching their heads about what's really going on. (CBC)
But even that is a back-handed way of targeting foreign airlines, since at press time, no U.S. carriers offer direct flights to any of the airports named. Which is why the rules achieve the desired result, since the logistics of a selective ban would be even worse.
"If it's some sort of play to favour U.S. carriers," Calgary-based independent airline analyst Rick Erickson said in an interview, "that simply can't be the case."
Erickson says it's not hard to imagine two travellers flying to the U.S. on separate flights out of the same airport. One is on an airline covered by the ban, and one is not.
If terrorism concerns are the point of the ban, "once you get through security you could just give your device to your buddy," he said.
'Major blow'
Others aren't so sure that security issues are the only forces at play. In short, "there might be some competitive questions here as well," says Henry Farrell, an associate professor of political science at George Washington University in D.C.
In an interview with CBC's On The Money Tuesday, Farrell said he can't help but notice that the targeted airports are all the major hubs of three airlines based in the Persian Gulf: Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways.
Henry Farrell, associate professor at George Washington University, on the new ban on personal electronics on some flights 7:51
More than half of the roughly 50 daily flights that will be affected by the ban come from those three airlines, which have made huge gains on legacy carriers in North American and Western European airlines in recent years.
Governments heavily subsidize the operations of all three, allowing them to offer better service at lower prices than other carriers. Which is why biggest three U.S. airlines — American, Delta and United — have lobbied the Trump administration to crack down on those practices which they call unfair.
"These airlines have been very, very nervous ever since Trump came into office that they may be in the target sights," Farrell said. So this move could be nothing more than "the Trump administration is giving U.S. airlines a boost by knocking down their competitors."
That's because they all cater to high-end Western business travellers by giving access to Asia on luxurious planes via a hub-and-spoke system — and all their main hubs have just been made less desirable.
"If you're a business class or first class passenger," Farrel says, "you're probably going to be quite worried" about not having access to your laptop during a 15-hour flight. "You're very likely to choose a different airline."
Perhaps there's an unknown or secret logic. But as presented and reported, this electronics ban makes absolutely no sense. —@tweetsintheME
Others agree with that assessment. "It may not have been directed at the three Gulf airlines, but there will be collateral damage to those carriers," San Francisco-based travel analyst Henry Harteveldt said. "The question is how much."
Differing security rules and protocols at different airports has added to the confusion in the interconnected air travel network. Canada hasn't immediately moved to match the new rules, but that's a clear possibility eventually.
"A decision on whether to implement a similar ban respecting large electronics on flights to Canada will be made shortly," Transport Canada said in a statement to CBC News.
"For security reasons, we cannot elaborate on aviation security concerns. Transport Canada continuously assesses our security and makes adjustments whenever needed."
Security issues aside, Farrell says one obvious impact will be to compel travellers between the West and Asia to choose their routes more carefully.
Winners here are US legacy carriers and their European alliance partners. Now have to fly to, say, Istanbul via Frankfurt, London, or Paris —@TomPepinsky
"If you're trying to travel onwards on to India, you might be best advised to travel with a different airline," he says.
That describes Paula Berger to a tee. The energy company manager was trying feverishly on Tuesday to rebook an upcoming business trip scheduled to depart from Houston through Dubai and on to her company's branch office in Hyderabad, India.
"I've been spending hours this morning trying to find a way to reroute us without it costing $5,000, but I haven't found anything," Berger said. "We might have to suck it up."
(CNN) The FBI director told his staff in an agency-wide email Monday that the bureau should "expect -- and welcome -- people asking tough questions," the day after President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that the reputation of the FBI was in "tatters."
"Because of the importance of our mission, we are also entrusted with great power, and we should expect -- and welcome -- people asking tough questions about how we use that power," Chris Wray wrote in the internal message, obtained by CNN.
Trump's criticism of the law enforcement agency mounted over the weekend after news reports revealed one of the organization's top counterintelligence experts had been removed from the special counsel's Russia investigation over potential anti-Trump bias.
"After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in tatters -- worst in history!" Trump wrote Sunday.
Wray did not mention Trump in the message.
Read More
November 16, 2011
Our movement is facing an organized attack on our rights--and we need to respond.
THE POLITICAL representatives of the 1 percent are carrying out a carefully organized assault across the country--with the aim of destroying the Occupy movement.
The post-midnight military-style raid on the birthplace of the Occupy movement in New York City's Zuccotti Park on November 15 was the culmination of a series of attacks on encampments around the country, from Oakland to Philadelphia and Atlanta to Portland. In nearly every case, the assaults were carried out on orders from Democratic Party mayors--showing without a doubt that the "party of the people" isn't on the side of the 99 percent.
But if the 1 percent thought their raids would intimidate Occupy activists into silence, they thought wrong.
In New York, hundreds responded to an emergency alert in the middle of the night, and the next day was filled with running confrontations over the future of Zuccotti Park. In Oakland, Occupy activists gathered again in Oscar Grant Plaza for a General Assembly hours after they were evicted. In Portland, the movement is building for student walkouts on November 16 and the November 17 national day of action.
The police raids and attempts to shackle the movement with new legal restrictions are a tipping point in the struggle. Whether they succeed or not will determine its future shape and direction. But supporters of Occupy are determined that the struggle will continue, whether or not it must take a new form.
Our movement must use every opportunity to defend our camps and stand up for the right to protest--and also to organize a bigger movement, more rooted throughout U.S. society. We can do both in the coming days by mobilizing the largest numbers we can for the battles to defend encampments--as well as for the November 17 national day of action set by Occupy Wall Street in solidarity with labor.
THE MOVE to raze the Occupy Wall Street camp may have taken activists by surprise--but it wasn't unexpected.
All signs point to the crackdown on the Occupy movement nationally being a coordinated one--and if anyone doubts it, Oakland Mayor Jean Quan provided the evidence. In an interview with the BBC, she let slip that last weekend's operation to clear the Occupy Oakland encampment came about after a conference call "with 18 cities across the country who had the same situation."
Politicians and business leaders have grown increasingly annoyed with the encampments that are speaking truth to power in downtowns and financial districts, on campuses and in neighborhoods--and the corporate media has dutifully repeated the slanders and distortions of their propaganda campaign against Occupy. The raids are the latest stage of the counter-offensive.
The lengths to which America's elite will go to break the Occupy movement was clear from the attack on Zuccotti Park. As the New York Times reported, the operation was "minutely planned," weeks in advance:
The overnight hours of Monday into Tuesday were chosen because it was believed the park would be at its emptiest, the police said. The operation was kept secret from all but a few high-ranking officers, with others initially being told that they were embarking on an exercise when they set out on Monday evening... The operation came after weeks of planning. Police officials watched how the occupations in other cities played out...[and] held conference calls with colleagues in other cities. They increased so-called disorder training--counterterrorism measures that involve moving large numbers of police officers quickly--to focus on Lower Manhattan.
The symbolism was unmistakable: A ruthless raid on peaceful protesters camped out in the shadow of Wall Street, ordered by a billionaire mayor--the 1 percent cracking down on the 99 percent.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg and fellow city officials claimed they were responding to "health and safety concerns" and that the park would be "cleaned and restored" before reopening in the morning.
What actually happened was that hundreds of cops in riot gear rampaged through the plaza, trashing tents and the Occupy Wall Street kitchen, and destroying thousands of books in the "People's Library." That, apparently, is Bloomberg's definition of "cleaned and restored"--destroying what protesters took two months to build up, and claiming to do it all for the benefit of the "public."
Bloomberg said in a statement that Zuccotti Park must, by law, "be open for the public to enjoy for passive recreation 24 hours a day. Ever since the occupation began, that law has not been complied with" because protesters had taken over the park, "making it unavailable to anyone else."
Never mind that the vast majority of New Yorkers never heard of, let alone set foot in, the privately owned park until Occupy Wall Street began.
Likewise, if there was still any doubt, the role of the police was laid bare on November 15. The cops behaved brutally to anyone who defied them, arresting as many as 200 peaceful protesters, inside and outside Zuccotti Park. New York City Council member Ydanis Rodriguez was left bleeding from a head wound after he was beaten and arrested as police forced activists away from the park.
Despite the repression, hundreds came out in the streets to challenge the assault, and more returned the following morning. Early in the day, lawyers for the Occupy movement succeeded in winning a court order against Bloomberg's arbitrary rule that Occupy activists wouldn't be able to set up tents or camp in Zuccotti Park when it was reopened.
But the city simply defied the ruling, keeping lines of riot cops in place to stop anyone from reentering Zuccotti Park--until Bloomberg's henchmen found a state Supreme Court justice to overturn the lower court order.
As Salon.com's Glenn Greenwald put it, the real criminal is sitting in the mayor's office:
Bloomberg this morning has broken more laws than the hundreds of protesters who were arrested. But as we know, the law does not apply to the Michael Bloombergs of the nation; the law, instead, has simply been exploited into a weapon, used by the politically and financially powerful to prevent challenges to their standing.
OF COURSE, it's not only billionaire Republicans carrying out the attacks.
In Portland, liberal Democratic Mayor Sam Adams issued the eviction order. And in Oakland, Jean Quan--a Democrat with a long history of labor activism and community organizing--sent in police for a second time to raid the encampment.
All the mayors say they are only acting out of concern about "public safety and health" and to "uphold the law." Bloomberg, for example, declared following the raid: "I could not wait for someone in the park to get killed or to injure another first responder before acting. Others have cautioned against action because enforcing our laws might be used by some protesters as a pretext for violence--but we must never be afraid to insist on compliance with our laws."
But it was police who pulled down tents in Zuccotti Park without checking first to see if anyone was inside. In Berkeley, it was the cops who bludgeoned peaceful students with billy clubs. In Oakland, it was police who nearly killed Scott Olsen, an Iraq war veteran who was struck in the head with a tear gas canister after cops rioted against Occupy demonstrators.
In city after city, the politicians and the police are the ones who have turned to violence, not anyone connected to the Occupy movement. The idea that these public officials care about the welfare of ordinary people is laughable.
In Portland, Adams even had the gall to claim that he supports Occupy--and his order to evict protesters from their encampment was in the movement's best interests. "I have said from the beginning that I believe the Occupy movement would have to evolve in order to realize its full potential," he declared.
As valuable as Mayor Adams' advice no doubt is, the Occupy movement is absolutely right to consider him an enemy who is protecting the interests of the 1 percent.
Anyone who knows the history of the civil rights movement will hear an echo of the past in the claims of politicians and police that they are merely "keeping order" and "doing their jobs."
Laurie Pritchett, the one-time police chief of Albany, Ga., set a new standard for Southern sheriffs battling the civil rights movement. When the movement began a campaign in the city in late 1961, Pritchett deliberately implemented a strategy of using mass arrests, but avoiding violence that could attract sympathy for activists. His justification whenever questioned was that he was simply doing his job and "following the law."
You can hear almost identical justifications today from Bloomberg, Quan, Adams and all the rest. They say they support the right of people to protest, but that Occupy activists are going too far, and their activities must be curbed for everyone's good.
But the people participating in the Occupy movement are tired of being told to wait--tired of watching poor and working class people suffer while the rich get richer; tired of never-ending unemployment; tired of overwhelming student loan and health care debts.
The lives of the 99 percent are disrupted every day by poverty, debt, joblessness, lack of affordable health care, inadequate schools and more. Why shouldn't the lives of the 1 percent be disrupted in the pursuit of some measure of justice and equality?
The recent raids and arrests should be seen for what they are: a national assault on the right to peaceful protest. The 1 percent has no answers to the questions the Occupy movement is demanding of them--no answers other than trying to increase their wealth and power at our expense, and using police repression against those who dissent.
Across the U.S., more than 3,600 Occupy protesters have been arrested in the two months since the Occupy movement began--even as the criminals on Wall Street continued their pillaging of the economy.
Whether their attacks on our movement are "peaceful" or "aggressive," delivered with claims of sympathy or not, the politicians are united in their defense of the 1 percent.
We have to be united in our opposition to their attempts to silence us. The fight is on in cities across the country to defend encampments and our right to protest. And on November 17, activists in many cities will participate in a labor-backed national day of action that can continue the process of building a broader Occupy movement, with more and more people mobilized behind it.
All these actions send a message, loud and clear: The political representatives of the 1 percent may get away with the attack on our encampments, but they'll never silence the anger, the desire for change and the determination to struggle that is at the heart of the Occupy movement.
1st, sorry for the immense crappiness of the picture (camera issues) but onto the amazing arbitrary day present I received!
After a really nice message from my secret santa regarding New Mexico food, I asked for spicy stuff, and they did not disappoint!
What I got...
Chile Pistachios Ground New Mexico red chile Pinion Coffee New Mexico honey Green Chile Stew mix Jar of green chile
For which me, my slow cooker, my BBQ, housemate and brother thank you immensely!
Also, after some impressive reddit stalking, my secret santa discovered my love for capybaras and sent me a picture of a capybara cartoon. I had no idea that such a thing had ever been made - to youtube!
So thank you very much Shannon, I am going to thoroughly enjoy working my way through this present
Melbourne has consolidated its position as Australia's fastest-growing city, gaining an extra 95,600 residents in a year in which Sydney gained only 84,200.
Although still outclassed by Sydney as a destination for overseas arrivals, Melbourne is doing far better than Sydney at keeping and attracting locals.
Melbourne is clearly Australia's fastest-growing city and will overtake Sydney as the nation's largest by 2056. Credit:Leigh Henningham
The latest Bureau of Statistics count for the year to September 2015 shows NSW welcomed more interstate and overseas arrivals than any other state, but suffered bigger losses than any other state, mainly to Victoria and Queensland.
NSW gained 87,800 internal migrants, the equivalent of around 800 car loads a day. But it lost 95,300 emigrants to other states, the equivalent of 900 car loads a day.
Renaultsport F1 has revealed its 2014 Formula 1 power unit. The 1.6 litre V6 has already undergone extensive testing at the firms factory in Paris and the results are promising.
“The project plan was initially constructed for a 2013 arrival date, and so the kick-off point was formally way back in September 2010” explains Rob White, Renault Sport F1's Deputy Managing Director, “We have now been running development engines of various types since the latter part of last year. First of all we had single cylinder engines running. There are some extremely significant bits of learning needed in order to be ready.
“We also had a multi-cylinder engine for the previous architecture that was running and has run more recently. We have now run a V6 and the programme is more or less in line with our planning. We've got new learning to do: everything to do with direct injection, everything to do with turbocharging in these new conditions, a substantially bigger energy recovery system design.”
A full technical analysis of the new 2014 Renault engine, as well as the new for 2013 standard F1 ECU can be read below:
Cast aglow by numerous incandescent spotlights below a crescent moon, the Western Wall last night once again served as center stage, as hundreds of soldiers and Jews from across the globe gathered before it to honor the country's fallen on the eve of Remembrance Day.
As soldiers, past and present, surrounded the Wall amid several vertical Israeli flags, one was lowered to half mast as a haunting air raid siren followed by a muffled trumpet playing taps signaled the beginning of Israel's national day of mourning.
Behind metal partitions, a cross-section of haredi (ultra-Orthodox) and secular Jews stood side by side as the nation's leaders commemorated the dead.“It feels good to look around and see the continuity of the Jewish people,” said Shmuel Eliwatt, of Beit Shemesh, who attended the ceremony with his wife, Miriam.“Just looking around, we were noticing religious and nonreligious people and the next generation of Jews, and I feel like God is looking down and seeing this microcosm of people and is pleased to see everyone represented to help remember those who sacrificed themselves to build this country.”During the ceremony, Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz spoke of his memories of friends killed in battle, “who built Israel's security, brick by brick.”“I remember them, and direct my gaze to those who continue their path,” said Gantz. “Our forces – whom I meet in the fields, at drills, at the tense moments before operations, and the satisfying moments that follow them – they are a living example that the mission in which your loved ones fell is in the most secure hands.”Calling for national solidarity to be based around support for the IDF, Gantz recalled the profound sense of unity and empowerment that defined his service.“When our forces came back from dangerous classified missions, the whole of the Israeli nation knew that these are our forces who came back,” he said.“They were sent on their mission by their commanders, but also by the whole nation – [people] of all shades, who raised them with love and sent them to protect the country.”The chief of staff continued that this national solidarity is the most powerful form of support a soldier could hope for.“As a soldier who marched on enemy soil, I remember the concern and love, and the whole country supporting us, and waiting for us to return safely,” he said.Now, too, he continued, as citizens go about their daily lives, “Our forces are heading out to their next mission and coming back from yesterday's mission,” Gantz continued. “They do this with bravery, daring, and quiet.”Turning his attention to the regional security situation, the chief of staff said the relative security quiet is “deceptive,” adding that “a spark can lead to a fire.”“Here, this evening, we vow to stand against any conflagration and carry out any mission on behalf of Israel's security,” he said.“This is the supreme directive that we demand from ourselves. I can't promise that all of our forces will return safely, but they will be well trained and equipped with the best resources. But that's not sufficient; the support of the nation is also needed.”Noting that “appreciation is the most precious weapon they can carry,” Gantz added that “we'll do all that we can to be loyal to the path of the fallen, on behalf of future generations.”Earlier on Sunday, in a directive sent by Gantz to all soldiers and commanders, he called on the armed forces to face threats both near and far with confidence.“In the face of the upheavals of the Middle East, we must continue to act with confidence and determination against any challenge that comes to our doorstep,” he said. “Against any threat, known or new, near or far, the IDF will always be ready to be called upon, ready for the next mission.Ganz continued: “Our forces on land, sea, and air will continue to always act in light of the legacy left by the fallen in their deaths, a legacy of a sense of mission, and belief in the justice of our path, a legacy of love of the homeland and guaranteeing its safety.”On Remembrance Day, he said, fallen soldiers paint a mosaic of “the people's army that recruited them, and which recruited us to serve the State of Israel, to take part in the safeguarding of its security.“With the dedication and determination they showed, the IDF's fallen have left us with a path to march down, a decree to live by,” Ganz continued. “The mission of defense passes from one generation to the next. We will guarantee the continuation of our existence as a free people in our land.”Indeed, one active soldier, a captain missing his left cheekbone following combat in Gaza in 2009, said that despite his injury he continues to lead his Paratroop Brigade unit to ensure Israel remains a free nation.“It's a special day,” he said, requesting anonymity due to his current service. “I know soldiers who have died in war with me and my commanders, and we must pause to think about them. To remember them.”Asked why he continues to fight despite his wound and the loss he has endured, the captain said the answer is twofold.“First, I have the experience to help save lives and prevent more families from mourning such loss,” he said. “Second, before I was wounded it was my dream to be a captain, and to lead a company is an honor.”Kasaey Damoza Franzman, who made aliya from Ethiopia, said she was grieving the loss of three high-school friends killed in combat.“Today is really, really emotional for me,” she said. “I'm just thinking about the parents of my friends. If it's hard on me, how must it feel for them?” Meanwhile, Emmett Levin, a 19-year-old Toronto native, said he made aliya to become a lone soldier in October, despite the risks.“I think mostly of the families that have lost [sons], and of my family and what they would experience if something happens to me,” he said. “But seeing these families here reminds me how important it is for me to do my part.”Following the 45-minute ceremony, Hani, a 19-year-old Orthodox woman, plaintively summarized Israel's existential crisis.“This is my country, and we've had many people killed, but this is our life,” she said. “We would not be standing here tonight if it were not for the soldiers' sacrifice, so we must honor them and continue to fight in their place.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
This week G4TV's Adam Sessler took to his virtual soapbox to talk about iPhone games. Apparently he's happy to ignore them, partly because there are too many of them with no way to discern the good from the bad, and too many that can barely be considered games. Adam, we're here for you.
First of all, if you haven't seen the video of Adam's rant, here it is. Go ahead, you can watch the whole thing. We'll just be waiting here patiently.
Oh, I'm sorry, we were just getting in a quick round of Knights Onrush while you watched that video. See, since we've got our iPhone on us at every possible moment, we tend to take advantage of the few spare minutes of non-stimulation by popping into a game. Conventional handhelds like the PSP and DS might be more single-mindedly committed to gaming than the iPhone, but they don't end up in our pockets or backpacks nearly as often.
This is reason number one for why iPhone gaming is poised to take over other handhelds. Besides using it to look up websites and play crossword puzzles (which totally count as a game, by the way) Adam doesn't feel like there are enough actual gaming experiences that stand out on the iDevice to warrant his attention, even though he's got it with him all the time.
That's where Slide to Play comes in. Sure, there are literally dozens of new games coming every day, but most of them are not worth your time or attention (if you want, you can follow these new releases on our App page). Every week also brings new must-play games for the iPhone. Just this week we saw some significant big-name titles launch. Reign of Swords 2, Rolando 2, and Doom Resurrection all sprang to life on the App Store, and each is worth considering if you like strategy, platform, or shooter games.
Our games page in Slide to Play 2.0 sorts our most recent reviews and updated titles, and you can further sort them by very specific genres like First-Person Shooter, Action RPG, or Internet Multiplayer. If you haven't gotten acquainted with our new organizing tools, check out Steve's introductory tour of our new features.
As for those non-game games, the baby shakers and other assorted crap, well, you won't see them covered here. We're very much committed to the traditional notion of a videogame. While we see lots of variations on familiar genres, we're also going to warn you about the quick novelty cash-ins, like ports of online Flash time-wasters. These may be amusing, but they won't keep you entertained for long, and we probably won't be fully reviewing them like real games.
Adam, we hear you. We promise, there are enough high-quality games (game-games, not “interactive entertainment”) to thoroughly amuse a TV videogame journalist like yourself. Yes, we use our iPhone for non-gaming purposes too, but we also think this is where some of the most creative developments in all gaming are occurring. Read your online newspapers with the device– we do too– but don't forget to load up a hidden gem like Must.Eat.Birds. every once in a while.
Andrew Podolsky is the Managing Editor of Slide to Play.
With recent changes in the rules, the frequency of touchbacks has increased, and special-teams units have been weakened. (Jason O. Watson/Getty Images) With recent changes in the rules, the frequency of touchbacks has increased, and special-teams units have been weakened. (Jason O. Watson/Getty Images)
Editor's Note: Mike Westhoff retired this year after a 31-year run as an NFL assistant coach and special-teams coach. He spent the past 27 years with the Miami Dolphins and New York Jets, and he was known for terrific coverage teams, led by career special-teamers like Bernie Parmalee and Larry Izzo. In his first season out of the NFL since 1981, Westhoff, 65, who is working as an analyst on the Jets' radio network, has studied special-teams play through a month of the 2013 season—and he doesn't like how the kicking game is trending.
By Mike Westhoff
One of my former players, Chris Hayes, called me this week. He had a good career, seven years, as a special-teams player with the Packers, Jets and Patriots, and we've stayed in touch since he left the game in 2003. The first thing he said to me was, “Coach, where have the special teams gone?”
I knew exactly what he meant. When Chris played, the nucleus guys on your kicking teams used to get 20 to 25 plays a game, maybe as many as 27. Now, they might get five to eight … five plays a game on which special teams can make an impact the way they used to. That claim takes some explanation, because obviously players are out on the field for many more plays in the kicking game than five. And I will explain it.
Mike Westhoff became a household name when he played a central role in HBO's 'Hard Knocks' in 2010. He retired from the NFL after the 2012 season. (Getty Images) Mike Westhoff became a household name when he played a central role in HBO's 'Hard Knocks' in 2010. He retired from the NFL after the 2012 season. (Getty Images)
But here's the simple way to look at it. Matt Prater kicks off for Denver. Obviously, with that explosive offense the Broncos have, he's going to be kicking off a lot. But through four games he's had 25 touchbacks and only eight kicks returned. That, obviously, stems from the rule the NFL put into play in 2011—moving kickoffs from the 30- to the 35-yard line. Prater kicked for Denver in 2010 too. He had only 20 touchbacks all season then. In 2010 he had 63 percent of his kicks returned. This year, only 24 percent of his kicks are being returned.
Is that good for the game? I don't think it is.
Now let's look at the other side of the ball for the Broncos. Their kick returner, Trindon Holliday, is one of the most exciting players in football. We all saw him light up Baltimore in the playoffs last year. And he's got two special-teams touchdowns (one kick return and one punt return) already this year, with the rules as restrictive as they are. Even more amazing? Holliday has had a chance to return three kickoffs this season; the rest were touchbacks. So this play that gets stadiums going crazy and can change the momentum of a game in an instant (one of his three returns was a 105-yard touchdown), this play that gives Holliday a chance to make an NFL Films memory, has been mostly eliminated. Three kick returns for Holliday in four games.
Is that good for the game? I don't think it is.
We're in the entertainment business, and the league has taken away a lot of the entertaining plays.
I've got an idea to make Trindon Holliday and Devin Hester and the new kid in Minnesota, Cordarelle Patterson, impact players again—every Sunday. But let's get to the crux of the matter first.
I understand why the NFL wanted to make some of the rules changes it has made on special teams. It's not just the kickoff rule, where the NFL was trying to eliminate some of the big collisions that caused concussions and neck and back injuries. It's also the rule protecting the center on extra points and field goals. Now you can't line up over the center and crash into him before he's able to protect himself. And you can't push the pile either, creating the kind of force on the interior blockers on extra points and field goals that wasn't good for the health of centers and guards. I get the rules. And I don't want to damage football. But, with the kickoff rule, what I never understood is how the league could go from A to Z without trying some intermediate steps to make sure the excitement of the kickoff stays in the game.
Think of erasing players like Tasker, Parmalee and Izzo from football history. That's a very big loss for the sport.
The byproduct of this is something no one seems to be paying attention to. Teams aren't emphasizing special teams in the past two or three years when they fill out their rosters, for a very simple reason: There aren't enough impact plays in the course of a game for a coach and general manager, when they're cutting the roster, to keep a guy who may be nothing more than a backup at a certain position but who would be a great guy covering kicks or blocking punts.
What I worry about when I see the diminished impact of special teams on NFL games today is this: Would Steve Tasker or Bernie Parmalee or Larry Izzo have had careers in football today with these rules? Steve's one of the best special-teamers of all time, and Bernie and Larry aren't far behind. Think of all the games they won, or had huge impacts on. And think of erasing them from football history. I just think that's a very big loss for the sport.
Larry Izzo (left), Bernie Parmalee (center) and Steve Tasker all made names for themselves on special teams; the de-emphasis on kicking and coverage teams means it will be harder for players like them to emerge. (SI :: Getty Images) Larry Izzo (left), Bernie Parmalee (center) and Steve Tasker all made names for themselves on special teams; the de-emphasis on kicking and coverage teams means it will be harder for players like them to emerge. (SI :: Getty Images)
Now we'll get to my math—my point about impact special-teams plays being down from 25 to the single digits per week.
You've got eight elements of special teams: kickoff return, kickoff coverage, punt return, punt coverage, field goal, field-goal block, extra point, extra-point block. For the most part now, the field goals and PATs are automatic, unless you're going to use a speed player from the wing to try to block it. You're just not going to block from the middle anymore, unless a kicker kicks the ball too low. To block a kick from the middle, you've got to get penetration and push up the middle, and then have an athletic guy who can jump and make the block. You're not going to get much penetration anymore with the new rules. So once in a while, maybe, if you see a real weakness in a team's field-goal protection, you'd put a block on today. But mostly you don't see the emphasis on the kick blocks that you used to.
On the kickoffs, I think coaches have de-emphasized coverage teams. And why not? The year before the rules change, Arizona returned 84 kicks. Through four games this year the Cardinals have returned five. If you go from five significant plays per game to one in one huge aspect of special teams, wouldn't you think twice before spending a lot of time in practice on kickoff returns?
Part of the reason for returns like McCluster's is that teams don't place emphasis on acquiring good punt-cover guys and practicing with them.
So let's say there's three or four kickoffs a game—combining the coverage and the returns—that you're going to have returns on. And the punts that aren't touchbacks or fair catches, or downed inside the 20—maybe there are three or four of those. In the course of a game now, there's about a third of the special-teams plays that used to be potentially impact plays. Maybe eight instead of 20 to 25. That's going to have a huge impact on the game, for a couple reasons.
Did you see the Dexter McCluster 89-yard punt return against the Giants last week? He wasn't touched on it. He's a good returner, no question. But I believe part of the reason for that return is that teams don't place the emphasis on acquiring good punt-cover guys and practicing with those good cover guys so that returns like that can be stopped.
For years, when I went out scouting before the draft, I'd look for guys who we could get as free agents and develop into core players on special teams. I'd tell 'em, “If you do what I say, and work hard at this aspect of the game, I can promise you a career in the NFL.” I remember going to scout Pat Tillman on Arizona State's pro day. I watched him, flat-footed, jump up and grab the rim on the basketball court. He had everything—the desire, the athletic ability, the unselfishness—to have a long career on special teams. Maybe as a safety, but certainly on special teams. I told him, basically, “I don't know if I can draft you, but sign with me and I can promise you a career.” The Cardinals beat us to the punch, obviously. They picked him in the seventh round, and he because a good safety. But my point is, the system now is making it hard to keep those marginal undrafted free agents and develop them into long-term special-teams players. They're just not that valuable to teams anymore, and it's easier for them to just keep signing guys every year and not develop players they might end up having to pay a little more money to in their fourth, fifth and sixth years.
I'm afraid if special-teams coaches want to advance up the ladder to be a head coach, it's not going to happen. They're on a one-way ride to Palookaville.
There's one other thing I think the game is missing with the de-emphasis of the kicking game. I used to talk to John Harbaugh a lot when he was the Eagles' special-teams coach. He once told me he spent more time drawing up plays to block my kick coverage. John really worked at it. You could tell by how prepared his teams were and by the impact plays they made. He made the most of his opportunity. But now, if you keep knocking out those plays, how will the next John Harbaugh ever get a chance to advance?
This is just one sign of that: In the first four weeks of the season, in all the games I've watched on TV, not once have I seen a shot of a special-teams coach on the sidelines, or an announcer talk about the special-teams coach. That's because you don't see the big special-teams plays. And unfortunately, for the coaches who put in so much time, I'm afraid if they want to advance up the ladder to be a head coach, it's not going to happen. They're on a one-way ride to Palookaville.
Here's what is emphasized now: A punter who can put the ball way up in the air, preventing returns. A kicker who can put it consistently in the end zone. And the return guy who will be better than all the guys he's trying to outrun. The core special-teamers? They're gone.
* * *
My suggestion for a new kickoff format would reduce the high-speed collisions that endanger players' safety while making the kickoff relevant again. My suggestion for a new kickoff format would reduce the high-speed collisions that endanger players' safety while making the kickoff relevant again.
My idea to bring back the kickoff return is pretty basic. Take out a sheet of paper. You can diagram it yourself.
Draw a line at the 25-yard line. That's your kickoff line. Your coverage team can line up no farther back than the 20-yard line. So put 10 guys behind the kicker, at the 20.
For the return team, you keep the same 10-yard no-man's land from the kicking team's 25- to the 35-yard-line. In the next 10 yards, from the kicking team's 35 to the 45, the return team has to line up eight players. Behind that, I can play three players, anywhere I want. If you think the kicking team's going to pop one up and try to race down through the traffic and recover like an onside kick, you can easily make a rule to prevent that: Make it just like a punt. After the kickoff goes 20 yards, the first touch has to be by the receiving team, or else the ball can just roll dead.
This would practically eliminate the touchback, unless you have a kicker who can kick one 80 or 85 yards. And it would eliminate the huge collisions. There won't be the 40- and 45-yard sprints and collisions anymore, because the 10 guys on the kicking team would be met by the eight guys on the return team, 15 or 20 yards away. Really, it's going to be like a punt. Guys will be blocking themselves in close quarters instead of getting flying starts at each other. Neither side will be able to build up that big head of steam to hit each other.
What it comes down to is this: Football's just not as fun without the kicking game as an integral part of it.
You'd have to find people who could block in close spaces, people who could return, and people who could coach the strategy on both sides. I can coach this. It's full of great strategic ideas, and the possibility of exciting return plays. I can't coach the ball that's kicked into the bleachers.
When I coached, I wanted to develop the next Devin Hester, but I also wanted to develop players who could stop Devin Hester. It's fun on both sides.
NEW ORLEANS -- Witness video shows the moments before a shooting outside a French Quarter hotel Saturday night.
The incident happened around 11 p.m. near the corner of St. Louis and Chartres streets, just outside the Omni Royal Orleans hotel.
Video from a witness shows two men fighting outside the hotel moments before the shooting. One man is seen wrestling another man to the sidewalk, where the shooting occurred. Shortly after, a man passing by takes his shirt off to cover the victim's wound.
The witness told WWL-TV the man appeared to be drunk and was shouting and banging on cars.
State Police are investigating the incident and told partners at The New Orleans Advocate the fight was between a man and a Louisiana Supreme Court police officer.
The witness said the officer confronted the suspect, and the fight shown on video lasted about 4-5 minutes before he heard one gunshot. Within minutes, the witness said police surrounded the scene.
A family member of the man shot told WWL-TV he is a Houston resident and was visiting New Orleans to celebrate a friend's graduation. They said the man was separated from his group of friends and was trying to get back to his hotel when the altercation happened.
"There was an altercation outside the court...and the suspect was subsequently shot during the altercation," Matey told The Advocate, adding that the incident is still under investigation.
There is no word from police on the man's condition.
No other details have been released.
Anyone with information about this shooting is asked to call Crimestoppers at (504) 822-1111.
As a fan of lengthy articles about troubled film and television productions, I'm looking forward to the future exposé that goes into great detail about exactly what's going on behind the scenes of Westworld. HBO's ambitious science fiction series, based on the 1973 film of the same name, was a complex and arduous production before the press got wind of consent forms that required extras to agree to “genital-to-genital touching” and pose “on all fours while others who are fully nude ride on [their] back.” And then the entire show shut down production three months ago so writer/producers Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy could finish the remaining four scripts in the first season. All of this for a show that was originally intended to premiere in 2015. Like I said, there's a great article waiting to happen here.
But in the meantime, we can now report that Westworld has resumed production and that Banshee star Lili Simmons has joined the cast.
This new update comes to us courtesy of Deadline and there's not much to it. Production has resumed. Cameras are rolling. Simmons is now a part of the cast, which already included Ed Harris, Anthony Hopkins, James Marsden, Thandie Newton, Evan Rachel Wood, Jeffrey Wright, Ben Barnes, and Clifton Collins Jr. Deadline reports that Simmons was cast just as production was halted and she is just now starting to film her scenes.
It's not entirely clear how or if the new Westworld will differentiate from Michael Crichton's original film, which was set in a theme park populated by lifelike robots who eventually run amuck and slaughter the guests. Deadline says that Simmons will play “Abigail, who works in the park and uses her good looks and charm to lure Westworld guests into the saloon.” In other words, it certainly sounds like she's playing a robot prostitute in a high tech amusement park themed like the Old West where paying guests can have sex with robots. And kill robots. And do all kinds of things that will ultimately lead to them incurring the wrath of robots further down the road.
Simmons is a relative newcomer, but she's already racked up some pretty impressive credits. In addition to Banshee, she has appeared in Bone Tomahawk, True Detective, and the hugely under-seen and quite good Fat Kid Rules the World. A key role on a major HBO series feels like the natural next step.
Westworld doesn't have a premiere date yet, but all eyes are currently on 2017.
CLOSE Iowa State held a pep rally at AutoZone Park for thousands of fans and then enjoyed the Liberty Bowl Parade on Beale Street. Rodney White / The Register
Buy Photo Iowa State safety Kamari Cotton-Moya intercepts a pass intended for Texas receiver Jerrod Heard on Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017, at Jack Trice Stadium in Ames. (Photo: Bryon Houlgrave/The Register)Buy Photo
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Iowa State's defense will face the tough task of slowing down one of the top offenses in the nation without two starters.
Iowa State spokesperson Mike Green said defensive back Evrett Edwards and safety Kamari Cotton-Moya won't play in today's Liberty Bowl.
Green said Edwards is ineligible for the game while Cotton-Moya was suspended for a violation of team rules.
It's a blow to the defense, which is facing a Memphis offense that ranks second in the nation in scoring, averaging 47.7 points per game.
Cotton-Moya, a redshirt senior captain for the Cyclones, was in his fourth season of starting. He tallied 60 total tackles and three interceptions this season.
Iowa State defensive back Evrett Edwards tackles Texas Tech wide receiver Quan Shorts in the first quarter of an NCAA college football game, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2017, at Jones AT&T Stadium in Lubbock, Texas. (Photo: Mark Rogers/AP)
Edwards, a redshirt senior, graduated from Duke before transferring to Iowa State for his last two season. He started nine game this season and tallied 51 total tackles.
Image copyright YouTube/BMW NZ Image caption No fool: Tianna Marsh was handed the car after responding to a newspaper advert
A woman in New Zealand has won a luxury car after taking an apparent April Fool's joke at face value.
It began with a car dealership's front-page advert in the New Zealand Herald newspaper. Titled "April Fool's Day special", it promised a brand-new BMW to the first person who turned up to the showroom with their own car and the advert in hand. While many people likely suspected the advert was just another 1 April prank, one woman took the company at its word. Tianna Marsh drove her 15-year-old station wagon along to the dealership in the Auckland suburb of Newmarket at 05:30 local time, sales manager Gavin Penfold tells the paper, and was promptly rewarded with her new set of wheels. The car's number plate reads "NOF00L" and it's worth nearly NZ$50,000 (US$37,000; £25,000).
The advert "definitely appeared too good to be true", says BMW spokesman Ed Finn. "We wanted to turn the tables and reward the first person who was willing to take the chance." Ms Marsh's old car will be sold off to raise funds for a charity which helps disabled children, he tells the paper. A video of the whole event, uploaded to the company's YouTube channel, ends with the message: "Happy April Not Such a Fool".
Image copyright YouTube/BMW NZ Image caption The advert appeared on the New Zealand Herald's front page on 1 April
Next story: Diary of a Wimpy Kid translated into Latin
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
12 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
Early last month, Cop Block covered the horrible charges that Michael Allison is facing (read the in depth coverage here), but since the podcast reaches a different audience, I thought it would be a good idea to get Michael's story to as many ears as possible. Listen to the podcast below, and if you feel so inclined, contact Tom Wiseman, the Crawford Co. state attorney that is pursuing these charges… 5 counts of felony eavesdropping that could put Mr. Allison behind bars for 75 years, basically a life sentence for this middle aged man.
Tom Wiseman
Crawford County Courthouse
105 Douglas St.
Robinson, IL 62454
phone: 618.546.1505
fax: 618.544.4912
email: twiseman@crawfordcountycentral.com
Special thanks to YouTube user MikeHansonArchives for compiling all of the NBC 2 news clips in one easy place that made this podcast possible. You can watch the full 15 minutes of coverage here.
If you would like to submit a story or record a segment for the Police Accountability Report (on lack of accountability for police in your area) please email podcast[at]copblock[dot]org. We also welcome feedback.
You can also hear the podcast and other great liberty minded programs on LRN.FM. If you have an Apple iPhone or iPad, you can download the free LRN.FM app and have access to the live LRN stream as well as quick and easy access to the podcast archives for all of the shows in the LRN family.
12 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
U.S. communications regulators on Wednesday put off a controversial decision on Internet traffic rules, giving industry and consumer groups a chance to forge a compromise while avoiding a politically sensitive issue ahead of the November elections.
The Federal Communications Commission has been prodding phone, cable and Internet companies for months to find consensus on the thorny issue of net neutrality — a debate over whether high-speed Internet providers should be allowed to give preferential treatment to content providers who pay for faster transmission.
Broadband and Internet companies have held a series of face-to-face and phone meetings this summer to craft a framework on how to treat the Internet data flowing through both home connections and wireless devices.
But those talks have failed to yield a deal due to big differences over the treatment of wireless broadband in particular. At stake is how quickly handheld devices, like Research in Motion's BlackBerry and Apple's iPhone, can receive and download videos and other content.
Rather than imposing stricter regulations that are opposed by broadband providers, FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski delayed a decision by calling for more public comment. He wants to know how companies and consumers will be impacted if wireless devices are treated differently from home broadband lines.
“We have made progress over the last year — but we still have work to do,” Genachowski said.
Analysts said Genachowski, who proposed a set of open Internet rules last year, wants to tread carefully before the elections.
They also said it was unlikely the FCC would adopt draft proposals at the September 23 meeting or in October.
“The chairman could cite progress in the industry talks as grounds for delaying circulating a draft order, and postpone a decision until after the election,” said Nicolaus Stifel analyst Rebecca Arbogast.
Democrats are afraid that Republicans will portray any FCC action to voters as an attempt by President Barack Obama and his party to control and regulate the Internet, analysts have said.
Some broadband providers are pointing to a proposal unveiled earlier this month by Google Inc and Verizon Communications Inc as a sign of progress. Their plan would give providers more flexibility to manage wireless broadband traffic and possibly create a fast lane.
“Even a proposal that accepts enforceable rules can be flawed in its specifics and risk undermining the fundamental goal of preserving the open Internet,” Genachowski said in a statement seeking another 55 day-comment period.
Proponents of net neutrality, including public interest groups, argue consumers will be harmed if carriers create a two-tiered Internet, the top tier offering faster speeds at a premium.
Carriers such as AT&T Inc and Verizon say they need to prioritize traffic on wireless networks due to congestion and already do so on handsets to allow people to make and receive phone calls.
(Reporting by John Poirier; editing by Andre Grenon; Carol Bishopric)
Mochila insert follows…
The most recent collapse of the tedious and tiresome diplomatic kabuki theater commonly known as the Israeli- Palestinian peace process was wholly predictable.
Once again Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has demonstrated that he is not prepared to make any real compromises for peace. On the contrary, while Israel was making efforts to advance the negotiations with the Palestinians while putting up with the usual US pressure, Abbas signed a pact with Hamas.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The number of newly unemployed seeking jobless benefits fell more sharply than expected last week, taking a key reading to its lowest level in more than four years, the government reported Thursday.
There were 350,000 filing for initial jobless claims in the week, down from the 362,000 who sought assistance a week earlier. Economists surveyed by Briefing.com had forecast 375,000 would be seeking help last week.
The four-week moving average, which economists prefer to look at since it smooths out the volatility in the weekly numbers, fell by 11,250 to 356,750 last week, as a spike in claims in the wake of Superstorm Sandy faded into the background and the labor market continues to show signs of improvement.
That four-week average is now at the lowest reading since the week that ended March 15, 2008, shortly after the start of the Great Recession. The average over the course of 2012 has been about 375,000 a week seeking help.
Related: I may lose my unemployment benefits
Superstorm Sandy caused a sharp rise in claims as many businesses in New York and New Jersey were forced to close temporarily due to damage or loss of power. But claims basically returned to pre-storm levels by early December.
The report also showed 3.2 million people filed claims for their second week or more of jobless benefits during the week ended Dec. 15, down 32,000 from the previous week.
Related: How to get to 6.5% unemployment
Next week, the Labor Department reports how many jobs employers created in December. Economists are expecting a net gain of 150,000, nearly identical to the average monthly gain so far this year. The 1.7 million jobs added so far in 2012 has helped to lower the unemployment rate to 7.7% in November from 8.5% at the end of last year.
We need SO many more like her!
I have always been a fan of Rachel Maddow. If for no better reason than for the way that she pinned Rand Paul to the wall a couple of years ago for his civil rights views. He's never been back since. And as far as I'm concerned, if she is not at least nominated for an Emmy for her uncovering and highlighting the plight of the people of Flint when their Governor cynically tried to poison them, then why bother having Emmy's for journalism?
But last night, Rachel Maddow nailed the hide to the barn wall. She started off with a rather seemingly disconnected dissertation on Mikhail Gorbachev, and his losing the “cold war”. She then went on to chronicle that after he won the Nobel Peace Prize as a consolation, he used the money to start a brand new, independent newspaper in Russia. The public liked it, but the government, especially Vladimir Putin did not. Reporters were murdered, the papers computers were cyberattacked, almost forcing the paper to shut down. But they persevered.
Earlier this month they broke a breathtaking story. In December, one of the high ranking officials in the Russian security service, in the cybersecurity department was attending a routine staff meeting when several armed police officers, burst in, threw a hood over his head, and dragged him from the room. That is the last anyone has seen of him, and the State charged him with treason. They then broke the story that another high ranking intelligence official, this time in counterintelligence had been fired. There was sketchy information as to whether or not the official had also been imprisoned and charged.
Rachel's point was simple and concise. Russia has denied involvement all along. OK, fine. That's your story, and you're sticking with it. But, if you're innocent, then as a nation, you don't need to do anything, there is no fire there, you didn't do anything, and nobody can prove a negative. But when you have police storm into a routine meeting, bag and wrestle out a senior cyber official, and then cashier a senior counterintelligence official in charge of making sure nobody blabs, you have just waved a giant red flag. It means that Putin has looked at the information in the “dossier” that the ex MI6 intelligence officer compiled on information compromising Trump, and has looked at the information in at least the public release of the combined intelligence assessment of Russian interference in the election, and he has realized that there is actually fire behind that smoke. And Putin is taking aggressive steps to stamp out that fire so that it doesn't occur again.
I am going to post videos of both segments of her report on this. Combined they are a long view, about 25 minutes, but they are a compelling argument to Russia's interference, and so necessary at this critical juncture.
But when the Knicks hired Derek Fisher as coach, he thought Aldrich, his former Oklahoma City teammate, would be a nice fit for a franchise in need of a culture change: somebody with a solid work ethic who would be a positive presence, whether he was awarded playing time or not.
“He's a great guy to have on a team,” Fisher said. “He's not a guy that tries to always lead in a vocal way, but he's definitely become somewhat of a leader just in his approach and being an example of how you work at what you do.”
When the Knicks play the Clippers on Wednesday, they are expected to have Bargnani, who has yet to play this season because of calf and hamstring injuries. He made it through Tuesday's practice without any problems. Fisher is also planning on having Carmelo Anthony, who sat out the second half of Sunday's loss at Portland with a sore knee.
Jackson observed the practice at the Boys & Girls Club of Santa Monica, which had photos on the wall of Fisher and his former Lakers teammates Kobe Bryant and Lamar Odom. On his way out the door, Jackson said he would be at Wednesday's game.
As Jackson assesses what parts will be useful — or trade fodder — next year, Aldrich could be an intriguing figure. His jumper may look awkward and his movement ungainly, but his recent production — and his ability to pass the ball in the midpost area of the triangle offense — have been modest bright spots in a season with few of them.
The way Aldrich throws his body around the basket, it is surprising he has not knocked out others' teeth. At Kansas, he also sustained a broken nose, which is evident in the right turn his nose makes near the tip. As for the tooth, all he remembers is getting hit in the Big 12 opener against Kansas State in his sophomore season.
“I was going up for a rebound and something hit me,” Aldrich said. “I had a mouth guard, but it broke the root three-quarters of the way up. There was a free throw, and my mouth started to bleed. My girlfriend, now my wife, was in the stands, and I go like this.” Aldrich smiled.
Virtual reality headset manufacturer Oculus is being sued by publisher, ZeniMax Media. The company claims that its intellectual property, as well as the expertise of several employees, was used to develop the Oculus Rift headset, which was successfully crowd-funded on the Kickstarer site in 2012.
The 46-page lawsuit, filed in Texas on Wednesday, asserts that Oculus founder Palmer Luckey was just a "college-age video-game enthusiast" working on a "primitive virtual reality headset"when he sought the help of ZeniMax employee John Carmack, one of the co-creators of Doom and widely considered to be one of the greatest programmers in the industry. Carmack was still working for ZeniMax subsidairy Id Software at the time, but allegedly started to provide vital technical assistance. The lawsuit also alleges that ZeniMax employees "literally transformed the Rift by adding physical hardware components and developing specialised software for its operation."
However, after the hugely successful unveiling of the Oculus Rift headset at the E3 video game exhibition in June 2012, ZeniMax claimed that Oculus ignored dozens of attempts to formalise the relationship between the two companies – it also claims that Oculus breached non-disclousre agreements by publicising its technology without permission. In 2013, John Carmack left Id Software to take up a position as chief technology officer at Oculus; ZeniMax claims he took ZeniMax IP with him, and that he poached several members of staff.
The lawsuit concludes weeks of wrangling between the two companies. ZeniMax first claimed at the end of April that Carmack had taken ZeniMax technology, with the Wall Street Journal reporting on legal letters passing between the companies (subscription required). Oculus quickly denied that it had stolen ZeniMax IP or that any specific technologies developed by ZeniMax were used in the Rift headset. In an email sent out to news sources, Oculus called the accusations "disappointing" and claimed that no ZenMax intellectual property, code or technology was used in the development of Rift.
The lawsuit is likely to have been instigated in repsonse to Facebook's $2bn purchase of Oculus in March. The social media company has said that it will allow the VR specialist to operate with autonomy, but it is likely the company's immersive VR technology will find its way into future social networking plans. Oculus has so far sold around 100,000 developer versions of its Rift headset and plans a consumer launch later this year. The headset features a high-definition screen and motion trackers, allowing PC users to immerse themselves fully into game environments. Dozens of games already have Oculus Rift compatibility, including Id Software's Doom3.
In a statement to US game site Kotaku, Oculus has once again defended itself against the accusations: "The lawsuit filed by ZeniMax has no merit whatsoever. As we have previously said, ZeniMax did not contribute to any Oculus technology. Oculus will defend these claims vigorously."
Certainly there are questions ZeniMax will be required to answer. The Lawsuit states that the company, "invested tens of millions of dollars in research and development, including research into virtual reality and immersive technologies". It also highlights the "crude" state of Luckey's original prototype, which was allegedly provided with "enormous technical advances" by ZeniMax technicians. In which case, the company may be asked why it did not develop and launch its own VR headset, without the assistence of a university student from Southern California.
The lawsuit document can be viewed below:
Many industry insiders feel that virtual reality could be the next big consumer electronics trend. Sony is also developer a VR technology, codenamed Project Morpheus for the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft is rumoured to be
• Oculus: Facebook buys virtual reality gaming firm for $2bn
• Oculus Rift – 10 reasons why all eyes are back on virtual reality
• Oculus Rift CEO: we want to put 1 billion people in virtual reality
9 Galleries: School bathroom probe in Long Branch
UPDATE: N.J. parents angry after learning 4 students were bound with tape by school staff in possible 'joke gone bad'
LONG BRANCH — Two maintenance workers at a Long Branch elementary school have been suspended with pay after allegedly tying up four students in a bathroom, according to reports on the websites of WNYW-5 and WCBS-2.
The 10-year-old boys were bound and gagged by their mouth and hands with caution tape by two adults at Gregory Elementary School on Thursday, the report said. The students were also photographed while they were tied up, though it's possible the incident was part of a joke, Channel 2 reported.
“It has been expressed to us this was in jest without malice and I hope that's accurate but in the end, unfortunately, the misconduct leads us to provide some consequences for the employees,” Long Branch superintendent Michael Salvatore told CBS 2.
There is no indication that the boys were sexually assaulted. Neither employee has been arrested. Surveillance camera captured the two men entering a bathroom that was closed for repairs. Four boys entered the bathroom a short time later.
The Long Branch police, the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office and DYFS are investigating, the Fox 5 report said.
Ernest S. Kuh, Berkeley Engineering professor and dean emeritus, 1928–2015
Longtime college leader was a pioneer in electronic circuit theory
Ernest S. Kuh, dean and professor emeritus at UC Berkeley's College of Engineering and an internationally renowned expert in electronic circuit theory, died on June 27. He was 86.
Ernest S. Kuh, on his 80th birthday in 2008.
Kuh joined the Berkeley faculty in 1956 and made pioneering contributions in active and passive circuit theory, electronic design automation of integrated circuits and engineering education. He served as chair of Berkeley's Department of Electrical Engineering & Computer Sciences from 1968 to 1972 and then as dean of the College of Engineering from 1973 to 1980.
“Ernest Kuh was instrumental in establishing the College of Engineering as a world leader in research, teaching and public service,” said S. Shankar Sastry, dean and Carlson professor of engineering at Berkeley. “He set exacting standards of excellence in everything he did, and he was extraordinarily devoted to the well-being of the Berkeley Engineering community. His legacy will shape our influence and impact for years to come.”
Ernest Shiu-Jen Kuh was born in 1928, in Beijing, China. His father was working as a government official and then in private business. With the political instability in the region prior to World War II, the family moved frequently, eventually to Shanghai in 1937. Kuh left China for the United States in 1947, on a slow ocean freighter carrying other students, to continue his education.
Kuh began studying electrical engineering at the University of Michigan in the winter of 1948. He endeavored to improve his English by taking a literature course, which he found more challenging than his mathematics and physics courses. He received his B.S. degree in 1949.
He then earned a master's degree in electrical engineering from MIT in 1950, where he met circuit theorist Charles Desoer. The two would later work together and were frequent collaborators.
Kuh started a Ph.D. program at Stanford in 1950, pursuing research in network theory. He completed his degree in 1952, after just six quarters, and saw his thesis published in the Journal of Applied Physics, a rare place to find student work, especially in electrical engineering.
In 1952, Kuh went to work for Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey. It was the only place he applied to work, and he was the second Chinese employee there. At Bell Labs, Kuh worked in the transmission development division on issues related to telephone infrastructure, specifically transmission repeater designs and submarine cable design. His work was incorporated into the first trans-Atlantic telephone cable, which was laid in 1956.
Kuh's friend from MIT, Charles Desoer, joined Bell Labs the year after Kuh was hired. For a year, the two, along with other Bell Lab colleagues, would meet after work for a study group, discussing new ways to write the differential equations that form the mathematical basis of electronic circuit function.
During an oral history recorded between 2004 and 2006, Kuh said, “So, in my career, Desoer was responsible for my research, and Pederson was responsible for my teaching.”
Play 1944: Ernest Kuh (in glasses, front center) at the family home in Shanghai. Circa 1976: Dean Kuh in his office. 1974: Dean Kuh (at lectern) built strong ties between the college and the business world. An inaugural alumni-industry meeting featured Chevron VP for research Eneas Kane (left). 1978: Dean Kuh speaks at the groundbreaking for the Stephen D. Bechtel Engineering Center, flanked by Eugene Trefethen, president of Kaiser Industries, and Berkeley Chancellor Albert Bowker. Dean Kuh inside the newly completed Bechtel Center, a hub for student life and study for which he led the planning and construction. 2013: Dean Kuh and his wife, Bettine, returned to join Stephen D. Bechtel, Jr., for the rededication of the Bechtel Center. (Matt Beardsley photo) 1974: Dean Kuh (right) is joined by four predecessors in the post (from left): George Maslach, Morrough (Mike) O'Brien, Donald McLaughlin and John Whinnery. 1984: After leaving the deanship, Kuh joined future Berkeley Chancellor Chang-Lin Tien in Beijing's Tiananmen Square. 2012: Bettine and Ernie Kuh admire a plaque presented to him at the inaugural Kuh Distinguished Lecture, delivered by former Intel CEO Andrew Grove (right). (Matt Beardsley photo) 2013: At a retirement party for College of Engineering staff, Ernie chats with EECS chair Tsu-Jae King Liu. (Steve McConnell photo) 1998: The Kuh family on Ernie's 70th birthday, including sons Tony (standing, center) and Ted (seated, left). 2008: Ernie Kuh celebrating his 80th birthday Ernest S. Kuh, 1928-2015 Ernest Kuh: A look back
Shortly after moving to Berkeley, Kuh met Bettine Chow at a party. They were married in 1957. Son Anthony was born in 1958, followed by Theodore in 1960.
Kuh took his first sabbatical from Berkeley in 1962, and held six-month appointments at Imperial College in London and then at the Technical University of Denmark.
By 1967, Kuh was completing a widely used book, Basic Circuit Theory, with Desoer (who had also joined the Berkeley faculty), and was asked to head the electrical engineering department, which had just recently integrated computer science. Kuh's appointment as chair of Berkeley's Department of Electrical Engineering & Computer Sciences began in 1968.
The newly defined EECS department explored new domains of research under Kuh's leadership, including bioelectronics, which laid the foundation for the future bioengineering department. Kuh credits his predecessor in the department chair position, Lotfi Zadeh, as being a valuable mentor throughout his career.
Engineering professor and dean emeritus David Hodges first met Kuh as a Berkeley graduate student, and then became his faculty colleague in the EECS department, recruited by Kuh himself. “Ernie Kuh was the best classroom teacher I ever had,” said Hodges. “His lectures were superbly well-organized, including clear presentation of fundamental principles and examples of their application in design. His textbooks have the same qualities of organization and clarity. In the 1960s, he was one of the first to apply digital computing methods to circuit design.”
While department chair, Kuh also began reaching out to companies and research organizations, such as Bell Labs, GE and IBM, to develop relationships. He held industrial liaison meetings, establishing a model that would be replicated elsewhere at the university and beyond.
Kuh was asked to be the college's dean in 1973. He quickly established an assistant dean in charge of interdisciplinary studies, recognizing (this was during the energy crisis) that collaboration was key for finding solutions to big problems. Kuh also wanted to establish a larger engineering library, which at the time was in cramped quarters on O'Brien Hall's fourth floor.
Kuh spent years developing relationships and raising funds for what would eventually become the Bechtel Engineering Center, complete with a new library. “Bechtel Engineering Center was the realization of Ernie's dream, a monument to his extraordinary administrative skill and hard work,” recalled EECS professor emeritus Edwin Lewis. “I shall miss Ernie's intensely serious approach to all matters intellectual.”
Out of the fundraising efforts, Kuh realized that in order to grow, the College of Engineering would need stable funding, so he formalized the Berkeley Engineering Fund and expanded the industrial liaison program he had started as EECS department chair.
“Professor Kuh possessed many of the qualities of a natural leader: a selfless dedication to duty, a nobility of purpose, flawless execution and an ability to inspire people of all walks and all ages,” said EECS professor emeritus Eugene Wong. “He brought together these qualities as an extraordinary dean of the college. He will be remembered with great respect and affection for his wise counsel and unstinting support by all those whose lives he touched.”
For the first time since leaving in the 1940s, Kuh returned to mainland China with his family in 1973, as part of a delegation of professors from Berkeley. The month-long trip was hosted by the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Kuh visited China many more times after that first trip. This was the beginning of over 40 years of collaboration and consultation with Chinese universities on improving engineering education throughout China.
In 1975, Kuh became a member of the National Academy of Engineering. At the time he was also working to recruit and retain more women and people of color to the engineering program.
When he returned to Japan on sabbatical in 1977–78, he took up the emerging field of electronic design automation (EDA), which would become a second, more applied, research interest.
By 1980, Kuh decided to step down from the dean's position to focus more time on EDA research questions. His work laid the intellectual foundations for computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM), which had numerous academic and industrial uses.
“Since the mid-1970s, Professor Kuh has been one of the key founding fathers of the EDA industry,” said Chi-Ping Hsu, who studied with Kuh and is now senior vice president and chief strategy officer of Cadence Design Systems. “In addition to his numerous research and technology breakthroughs in the most challenging EDA domains for several decades, his contributions went far beyond the technology front. Many of the early EDA companies were formed by his students and fellow researchers. His vision and guidance helped expedite the formation and maturity of the EDA industry, with over 30 years of continuous semiconductor advancements in all segments of the electronics industry.”
Throughout his academic career, Kuh mentored several generations of graduate students. In total he supervised 40 Ph.D. students, who today occupy leadership positions in academia and industry.
“From advising my Ph.D. studies to serving as a board member of my start-up company, Professor Kuh has been my lifelong mentor and role model,” said Wayne Dai, who became a professor at UC Santa Cruz and then founded VeriSilicon, headquartered in China. “His great vision of the ‘big picture,' his brilliant mind driven by passion and persistence, and his deeply caring spirit that never faltered in generosity will be remembered fondly by all of us.”
Ronald Rohrer, professor emeritus at Carnegie Mellon University, also studied under Kuh. “The world of electrical and computer engineering knew Ernest Kuh as a gifted researcher, teacher and administrator,” said Rohrer. “Those lucky to be his graduate students knew Ernie better; someone who provided great ideas to Berkeley and shared them generously. He provided mentoring and momentum that launched so many successful careers.”
In 1992, Kuh became a professor emeritus, continuing to maintain an active schedule. In addition to his duties at Berkeley, he was also a sought-after adviser and consultant. He served, in varying capacities, for numerous companies and organizations throughout his career. Most notably, he held leadership positions on committees for the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), the National Research Council, the National Institute of Science and Technology and on the National Science Foundation's Advisory Committee.
He also advised other engineering schools and served on Berkeley's budget committee. With his wife, Bettine, he endowed the Ernest S. Kuh Distinguished Lecture Series to bring notable scientists and engineers to campus.
“Ernie continued to be engaged with our faculty long after his retirement,” said Tsu-Jae King Liu, TSMC distinguished professor in microelectronics and current chair of the EECS department. “I am fortunate and very grateful to have had the benefit of his advice and support through many years.”
Kuh received honorary doctorate degrees from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in 1997 and National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan in 1999. In addition, he was named honorary professor at six universities in China.
Kuh authored or co-authored six textbooks and several hundred research papers. He also delivered countless technical talks and presentations. At the time of his retirement from the Berkeley faculty, he held the William S. Floyd Jr. distinguished chair. Numerous awards, including the Communication and Computer Prize awarded by Japan in 1996, the 1998 Phil Kaufman Award given by the Electronic Design Automation Consortium and the IEEE Centennial and Millennium Medals recognized his impact on engineering education and the field of electrical engineering.
Kuh loved to travel and explore the world with his wife; they were patrons of classical music and opera. In addition he was an avid sportsman and enjoyed playing tennis and swimming. “My father also thoroughly enjoyed Cal athletics, particularly the football games, which he attended with his family and friends over many decades,” said son Theodore Kuh. He also liked to read, particularly books about China and biographies of prominent people.
Kuh is survived by his wife of 58 years, Bettine; their sons Anthony and Theodore; and grandsons Matthew, Jason and Evan.
An event to celebrate the life of Ernest Kuh is being planned for September 2015. The family requests that memorial gifts be directed to the Berkeley Engineering Fund, College of Engineering, 201 McLaughlin Hall #1722, Berkeley, CA 94720-1722, designated to the Ernest S. Kuh Distinguished Lecture Series. Donations may also be made to the California Alumni Association's Professor Ernest Kuh Alumni Scholarship, sent to 1 Alumni House, Berkeley, CA 94720-7520.
Topics: EECS, Faculty
Ontario's new sex ed curriculum was unveiled Monday, five years since the last major update was scuttled by a minority chorus of objection.
The new health and physical education curriculum covers everything from anatomy, to masturbation, to consent, to anal sex, and it marks the first substantive update since 1998. The coverage of the new guidelines for teachers has focused on sexual education, but the curriculum also includes lessons on nutrition, exercise and overall physical wellness.
When the 2010 curriculum was updated, it stirred controversy for including more explicit lessons at younger ages, but education Minister Liz Sandals said Monday there is scientific proof that puberty is occurring at younger ages and those lessons are necessary at an earlier age. Some of the updates also include lessons on “sexting” and other technological aspects that simply didn't exist in 1998.
Curious about what the kids will be taught starting in September? Read both the elementary and the secondary school curricula for yourself here.
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), ranking member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, spoke to an audience today at Brookings about how to protect liberal democracy at home and abroad in the face of rising nationalism, populism, and Russian-government directed threats against democratic systems and processes. “Despite the unanimous conclusion of the 17 entities that make up the U.S. intelligence community that the Russian government sought to sow discord in our political process and undermine the Clinton campaign,” he said, “there is a seeming hesitancy to dig too deeply into possible collusion between the Trump organization and the Russians and to ascribe too much to Moscow lest it call into question the legitimacy of the outcome of the 2016 election.”
In the event sponsored by Governance Studies at Brookings and Lawfare, Rep. Schiff spoke about the committee's recent hearings on Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election—which featured testimony by FBI Director James Comey—as well as Russia's attempts to disrupt politics and institutions across Europe. Watch:
“While Russia has always devoted intelligence resources toward countering what they refer to as ‘the main enemy',” Rep. Schiff said, “it has had much greater success in mounting political operations in Europe, especially in eastern and Central Europe where there are populations of ethnic Russians with economic ties to Moscow.” Watch:
He added that “the anti-democratic tide has even threatened countries renowned for their tolerance, progressivism, and commitment to the democratic path,” including the Netherlands, where a far-right party failed to gain a majority in parliament but now holds the second highest number of seats.
Rep. Schiff pointed to upcoming national elections in France and Germany, where signs of Russian meddling have been apparent. He argued that the “international community of democracies” has “a duty to act in concert to protect the electoral process” in these and other countries where Russia and other actors “are working to subvert elections and distort internal dialogue.” Watch:
Unfortunately, he added, “the sense among allies and others is that our new president neither desires nor considers this a priority for the United States.”
Rep. Schiff outlined five specific policy actions Congress should take “to turn back the tide of illiberalism abroad and reassert our leadership of the international effort to enlarge the circle of freedom.” Watch:
“But this is a battle that also must be fought at home,” Rep. Schiff said, explaining how Americans' falling trust in government and American institutions has made the U.S. political system “more vulnerable than we realized to an attack of this sort” and that “the Russian effort succeeded in its goal of undermining Hillary Clinton and the democratic process more generally because we allowed it to.” Watch:
Author Fred Dews Managing Editor, New Digital Products
The discussion and audience Q&A were moderated by Senior Fellow Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of Lawfare, and Susan Hennessey, fellow in Governance Studies and managing editor of Lawfare.
Full event video, audio, and transcript are or will be available here.
See that screen there? The screencap of one of Valve's cute little cartoon instructional videos for Portal 2? Yeah, that's not a frame from one of those adverts, that's actually what the new Portal 2 level designer will look like. At least, according to the latest blog post on the Portal 2 website, which also brings news of simplified sharing and community tools, all designed to let users create, share and play new test chambers with relative ease.
A big change from the byzantine befuddlement of Hammer, then. I mean, crikey, just look at those two screenshots they have there. It looks positively Trackmania-like, snapping in the parts like that, only even more beautiful. I can't see how you could make the really complicated spaces of the official later levels, or how it would support the scripting that goes into the creation of those places, but for building neat puzzles without cosmetic art frippery it looks perfect.
Which is all you'd need, really. A good idea and the tools to see it through. The facilities of Aperture Science will certainly find ease of use with their homogeneous design, and the moving wall panels gave the impression that the chambers were dreamed up and pressed out into service within minutes. This looks like putting that notion into actual service. If Valve manage to pull this off, if the final Puzzle Creator really does look like that and behaves like a virtual Lego kit, not only would it be a pleasing example of life imitating art, it could be one of the best level designers ever made. Certainly the most attractive.
They talk about installing these creations with “a single click” from the forthcoming community website as well, a step up even from Left 4 Dead 2's streamlined process. Valve's continued faith and support in their fans continues to astound, and it's not misplaced – the recent Summer Mapping Initiative proved that. Will this new, simplified editor be strong enough to recreate the detail of the competition winners? What's going to happen when the army of modders get their hands on the code? Really, it's all fascinating stuff. I can't wait to see what's going to be made.
YES YES: Israeli Jew Arrested for Jewish Center Bomb Threats!
Andrew Anglin
Daily Stormer
March 23, 2017
Oh my God, you guys.
March 23rd is officially “NEW CHRISTMAS”!
Nunes and now this.
Israeli police on Thursday arrested a 19-year-old Israeli Jewish man as the primary suspect in a string of bomb threats targeting Jewish community centers and other institutions in the U.S., marking a potential breakthrough in the case. Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld described the suspect as a hacker, but said his motives were still unclear. Israeli media identified him as an American-Israeli dual citizen and said he had been found unfit for compulsory service in the Israeli military. “He's the guy who was behind the JCC threats,” Rosenfeld said, referring to the dozens of anonymous threats phoned in to Jewish community centers in the U.S. over the past two months. The FBI, which had taken part in the investigation, confirmed the arrest but had no other comment. The Anti-Defamation League says there have been more than 150 bomb threats against Jewish community centers and day schools in 37 states and two Canadian provinces since Jan. 9. Those threats led to evacuations of the buildings, upset Jewish communities and raised fears of rising anti-Semitism. The threats were accompanied by acts of vandalism on several Jewish cemeteries. The threats led to criticism of President Donald Trump's administration for not speaking out fast enough. Last month, the White House denounced the threats and rejected “anti-Semitic and hateful threats in the strongest terms.” …Israeli police said the suspect made dozens of calls claiming to have placed bombs in public places and private companies, causing panic and “significant economic damage,” and disrupting public order, including by the hurried evacuations of a number of public venues around the world. The man is suspected of placing threatening phone calls to Australia, New Zealand and also within Israel. Rosenfeld said the man called Delta Air Lines in February 2015 and made a false threat about explosives aboard a flight from JFK airport in New York. The threat allegedly led to an emergency landing. Rosenfeld said the man, from the south of Israel, used advanced technologies to mask the origin of his calls and communications to synagogues, community buildings and public venues. He said police searched his house Thursday morning and discovered antennas and satellite equipment. “He didn't use regular phone lines. He used different computer systems so he couldn't be backtracked,” Rosenfeld said. After an intensive investigation in cooperation with FBI representatives who arrived in Israel, as well as other police organizations from various countries, technology was used to track down the suspect, Rosenfeld said.
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm literally losing it here, guys.
For both of these things to come within a 24 hour period is just too much.
It was dark, dark, dark earlier this week and then all of the sudden – THE SUN!
As all of you readers know, the Daily Stormer said from the beginning it was almost certainly a Jew that did this. We did not have definitive proof of course, but we said that it was the only thing that made any sense.
Honestly, I didn't expect him to ever be caught.
But there it is.
There it is.
There it is.
This feels better than any feel I've ever felt.
HEY YO ADL – WHY DON'T YOU ISSUE AN APOLOGY TO ME, YOU FILTHY FUCKING KIKES!
ARCHIVE LINK RIGHT HERE – WE WILL NEVER FORGET THIS, ADL! AND YOU WILL NEVER LIVE THIS DOWN!
EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU MEDIA JEWS WHO ATTACKED ME OVER THIS – APOLOGIZE!
ME AND ERIC STRIKER SAYING THIS WAS A JEW WAS FEATURED IN EVERY SINGLE JEWISH MEDIA OUTLET.
EVERY SINGLE ONE.
AND WHILE YOU'RE AT IT JEWS, APOLOGIZE TO OUR GLORIOUS LEADER – WHOM YOU CALLED A HATER FOR BEING RIGHT ABOUT THIS!
SAM KESTENBAUM ESPECIALLY NEEDS TO APOLOGIZE TO EVERYONE AND SEND US FRUIT BASKETS OR FREE MOVIE TICKETS OR SOMETHING!!!!111
Anyway.
Wow.
I have literally never felt this great in my entire life.
I can't deal with this story properly right now.
I just wrote up I just wrote up that big piece on the Trump wiretap
We'll have more on this Jew hoax situation soon.
We'll have a whole lot on it, I'm sure.
In particular, we are going to be roasting the ADL and the kike media for having foisted this obvious hoax upon the world. Also, we're going to be calling for an investigation into the ADL and whether or not they planned this.
But right now, I'm feeling like my heart might literally explode from the adrenaline of all of this WINNING.
I'm gonna go try and cool off, maybe go to the gym or try to find some snacks.
PRAISE KEK!
In advance of the looming fight over the highly contentious net neutrality, a lobbying group representing some of tech's biggest names met with Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai on Tuesday to argue in support of net neutrality.
In a document released on Wednesday shedding light on the details of the meeting, the Internet Association (IA) said that it advocated for the Open Internet Order, which was passed under Obama-appointed FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in 2015.
IA, whose members include Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft, argue that consumers would benefit most from preserving the rules, which Republicans in Congress and at the FCC have indicated a strong interest in rolling back.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The internet industry is uniform in its belief that net neutrality preserves the consumer experience, competition, and innovation online,” IA wrote in their ex parte. “Consumers want and need their internet experience preserved and protected, regardless of the legal or regulatory mechanism.”
IA's best efforts might come up short, though.
An industry source told The Hill that they expect Pai to take action on net neutrality in May. The chairman will specifically target the reclassification of broadband providers as common carriers, which gives the FCC jurisdiction to regulate them.
Pai and Republicans have said that they would like to see regulation of broadband providers returned to the Federal Trade Commission, which would be able to police companies by making sure that they're living up to their own user terms of service.
Pai has defended this position, arguing FCC oversight has been detrimental to broadband investment.
“After the FCC embraced utility-style regulation, the United States experienced the first-ever decline in broadband investment outside of a recession,” Pai said in February. “In fact, broadband investment remains lower today than it was when the FCC changed course in 2015.”
With Republicans having the majority in the House, Senate and at the FCC, there is little stopping them from advancing their agenda against net neutrality.
Democratic lawmakers such as Sens. Brian Schatz (Hawaii) and Ed Markey Edward (Ed) John MarkeyOvernight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies Center-right group: Ocasio-Cortez's Green New Deal could cost trillion dozen climate protesters storm McConnell's office over Green New Deal MORE (Mass.) have countered the Republican perspective in Congress, arguing that preserving net neutrality rules protects consumers from internet service providers who could favor their interests over their customers.
Schatz last week pushed back against the premise of FTC enforcement of rules that broadband companies set for themselves tweeting, “Telecom companies promising not to do bad things not gonna cut it.”
Markey offered a similar line of argument to The Hill on Friday.
“What is the cable company's privacy policy? There is no privacy policy, right? [Pai's] policy is, you have no policy,” Markey said.
“By subcontracting it to the cable and telephone industry, they're essentially saying they're just going to allow for the monetization of the private information of all Americans for the profit of the broadband industry.”
Wolverine 3 has concluded it's filming in New Mexico, and to celebrate actor Hugh Jackman took to Bondi Beach in Sydney with a newly clean-shaven look. Before he left, the actor posted a picture on Twitter that read "Thank you New Mexico! Photo credit: Ben Rothstein" (via OnLocationVacations).
Thank you New Mexico! Photo credit: Ben Rothstein pic.twitter.com/3MmkWEjiqH — Hugh Jackman (@RealHughJackman) August 13, 2016
The film has been shooting in New Mexico for the lat month, and it's there that the actor stirred up some curious reactions from fans when an Instagram post he shared showed an old and weathered Jackman. It was unclear whether he simply looked that way naturally, or if he was still in makeup from the set.
After the photos from Bondi Beach, those questions can now be put to rest. The reason for all that makeup is the nature of the film itself, which is heavily rumored to be based on the Old Man Logan story from the comics. An older and confused Professor Xavier has also been seen in photos from the set, which lends credence to the theory, as does the graying beard. Old Man Logan was an alternate timeline created by Mark Millar and drawn by Steve McNiven. In that story, all the villains in the Marvel Universe finally united together and took down all the heroes by force. Wolverine still lingered, and now has a family, but hasn't unsheathed his claws for years. The reason why it will hopefully be focused on in the film, as it is one of the bigger shocks in the entire book.
by Gordon Duff, VT Sr. Editor … with New Eastern Outlook, Moscow
[ Editor's Note: Has Clooney gone looney? If he ever had any presidential aspirations they will be going up on smoke if he makes this movie on the White Helmets.
Anyone who could be suckered into white washing the White Helmets for their aiding and abetting terrorism in Syria would be considered a major security risk.
But that said, Clooney versus Trump for the White House, now there's a reality TV show for you.
If Clooney wins he can replace his Secret Service detail with the White Helmets, and have ex-Mossad people for his National Security Council, and the old Blackwater people saved for doing odd jobs.
As some anonymous person once said, “You just can't make this stuff up.” But apparently Clooney has an ego to match Trump's, with hopefully fewer girls in the closet.
VT is not done pounding the wooden stake into the cold heart of corporate media for swallowing without question all the crap put out by the western PR helpers of the jihadis. I can see the letter campaign from the people of Syria going in to Clooney's house as soon as his address gets spread around… Jim W. Dean ]
___________
– First published … December 29, 2016 –
George Clooney, one of Hollywood's biggest box office names, a man with pretentions for the presidency for sure and sworn enemy of President-elect Donald Trump, has announced plans to make a film honoring Syria's White Helmets. To the much of the public subjected to fake and censored news, the White Helmets are heroes.
Always in areas controlled by “moderate opposition” or, quite frankly outright terrorists like ISIS and the group formerly named Jabat al Nusra, this organization has been lauded as the savior of the Syrian people from the beastly depredations of the “regime” and its “brutal dictator,” Assad.
The truth is something a bit different, a truth it would have taken Clooney only a few moments on the internet to discover, that or the most minimal research, which he either did or didn't do.
If he didn't do the research, he is a dupe, meaning he has been fooled into supporting a terrorist group against a legitimate democratically elected government for purposes of protecting and supporting paid mercenary murders. Sound harsh? Probably not harsh enough as we will get into shortly.
The other possibility, of course, is that Clooney is buying his way into politics by making friends with the same ultra-rightest groups that founded the White Helmets and have used similar fronts with the same roots, as we will show, to propagandize color revolutions that have turned into disaster after disaster. From Vanessa Beeley for Global Research:
The Western media mythology goes as follows:
“They are made up of former bakers, builders, taxi drivers, students, teachers, pretty much anything apart from rescue workers,” according to the much repeated phrase used by their British ex-military, USAR (Urban Search & Rescue) trainer, James Le Mesurier who specialises in outsourcing warfare – the kind of private security operations exemplified by the likes of Blackwater (now known as Academi) and DynCorp, and other well-known global suppliers of mercenaries and CIA outreach assassination experts.
Running operations through Blackwater gave the CIA the power to have people abducted, or killed, with no one in the government being exactly responsible. ~ The Atlantic, 2012
White Helmets founder Le Mesurier, who graduated from Britain's elite Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst, is said to be an ‘ex' British military intelligence officer involved in a number of other NATO ‘humanitarian intervention' theatres of war, including Bosnia, Kosovo and Iraq, as well as postings in Lebanon and Palestine.
He also boasts a series of high-profile posts at the UN, EU, and UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Not to mention his connections back to the infamous Blackwater (Academi).
Beeley goes further, outlining her own experiences in Syria with the White Helmets:
They claim they are not “tied to any political group in Syria, or anywhere else”, yet they are embedded with Al Nusra Front, ISIS and affiliated with the majority of US allied terrorist brigades infesting Syria.
In fact during my recent trip to Syria, I was once again struck by the response from the majority of Syrians when asked if they knew who the White Helmets were. The majority had never heard of them, others who follow western media noted that they are a “NATO construct being used to infiltrate Syria as a major player in the terrorist support network.”
One of the major issues of what may have been called the Syrian Civil War, but might best be described as an invasion by NATO auxiliaries, is the use of NGO's or “Non-Governmental Organizations” to move jihadists around the world, move weapons and produce fake news. The White Hats have been very much a part of all of these activities but, truth be told, they are hardly “non-governmental.”
From 21st Century Wire:
“This is an alleged “non-governmental” organisation, the definition of an NGO, that thus far has received funding from at least three major NATO governments, including $23 million from the US Government and $29 million (£19.7 million) from the UK Government, $4.5 million (€4 million) from the Dutch Government. In addition, it receives material assistance and training funded and run by a variety of other EU Nations.”
Requests have been made of the Secretary General of the United Nations to challenge their NGO status as even a cursory investigation shows they are funded as nearly all intelligence agencies fronts are. Further, of course, has been their ability to work closely with what were “opposition” groups in Syria that, since early 2014, had melded into the al Qaeda organization after a period of infighting.
The “moderate opposition,” under non-terrorist control has only recently reappeared and that is only in Northern Aleppo, seemingly under the direct command of the Turkish Army, and is primarily being used to fight against Kurdish groups opposed to ISIS. Is this all coming into focus now? If it is for you, you are it seems the only one who gets it.
The White Helmets are actually run by a terrorist, which might well explain why they get along so well with terrorists and why they are able to function freely. Of course that they continually report “regime” atrocities, always directly in line with the narrative promoted by US Ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, may well only be coincidental.
Thus far, the White Helmets have been silent on all that goes on around them, seeing nothing and only acting “heroically” while those they are allied with, as is now clear to the world, executed thousands, trafficked tens of thousands of women and children into sex slavery and plummeted chlorine and mustard gas projectiles on the residents of “regime held” West Aleppo for years.
The truth is actually worse, much worse but let's deal with a bit about Raed Saleh, the leader of the White Helmets first. From 21st Century Wire:
There has been a concerted campaign by a range of investigative journalists to expose the true roots of these Syria Civil Defence operatives, known as the White Helmets. The most damning statement, however, did not come from us, but from their funders and backers in the US State Department who attempted to explain the US deportation of the prominent White Helmet leader, Raed Saleh, from Dulles airport on the 18th April 2016. “It was unclear whether Mr. Saleh's name might have shown up on a database, fed by a variety of intelligence and security agencies and intended to guard against the prospect of terrorism suspects slipping into the country.” ~ New York Times
Mark Toner, State Department spokesperson:
“And any individual – again, I'm broadening my language here for specific reasons, but any individual in any group suspected of ties or relations with extremist groups or that we had believed to be a security threat to the United States, we would act accordingly. But that does not, by extension, mean we condemn or would cut off ties to the group for which that individual works for.”
Saleh's real history is more complicated, born in Israel, Saleh has a long history of opposition to Israel and involvement in justice related causes, particularly “anti-Zionism.” He has been particularly critical of the role, in the past at least, Turkey has played in promoting Zionism. In fact, Saleh has positioned himself as a fanatic anti-Zionist and has often been accused of anti-Semitism as well.
How then do we explain the financing for the White Helmets or their allegiance to organizations fighting against the Damascus government who maintain strangely friendly ties to both Israel and Turkey?
Then there's Clooney himself, whose wife is an “alleged” human rights activist. However, Amal Clooney's clients include not only Julian Assange, whose Mossad ties were exposed in 2010 by Zbigniew Brzezinski but also former Ukrainian Prime Minister Julia Tymoshenko, a strong supporter of NATO who has openly advocated ethnically cleansing Ukraine using nuclear weapons.
It seems like Clooney's liberal activism has garnered more than one strange bedfellow. Then again, Clooney's finance partner is Israeli Grant Hezlov, producer of the anti-Iranian blockbuster Argo, a film many activists believe was timed to prestage public opinion against a nuclear settlement with Iran.
The issue with Clooney is that he has mostly avoided pitfalls of this type. Let's take a conspiratorial look at the White Helmets for a bit. Were one to look at their roots, Saleh who makes no sense at all considering the obvious CIA funding of the White Helmets, and their openly “fabulous” relationship with the MSM, Clooney should be running for the hills.
Then again, there is more than enough circumstantial evidence that something is very wrong. With the media frenzy over Aleppo “genocide” dying now that media are moving around a city, not conquered but “liberated” and with UN observers on their way with Russia's blessing, it has to be clear to Clooney that the White Helmets are not what they seem.
The math here is simple as two plus two, if the press lies fell apart in only days, 14 foreign spies caught running the al Qaeda “operations room” and so many of the atrocities videos now proven staged, then the equally staged and fictional history of the very government funded “non-government” White Helmets would be “fake” as fake news also.
Then there are the rumors, that the funding and logistics for the White Helmets brought in poison gas and that Press TV's Serena Shimm was murdered because she got too close to “busting” this group as complicit in mass murder.
In fact, for nearly 4 years, Russia tried to introduce evidence to the UNSC in order to prove assertions made by the Syrian Human Rights Observatory and the White Helmets were, in fact, fabrications by pro-terrorist propaganda organizations funded by western intelligence agencies.
Then we come to who Clooney is himself. Clooney, a charismatic outspoken liberal, could well challenge Trump for the presidency, should history lend itself to this political confrontation. Grooming Clooney as another “useful idiot” it how the system works.
Those who have admired Clooney have hoped he would begin challenging the traditional narrative more vigorously, perhaps not to the extent Trump has, but certainly following that lead. This current effort puts that hope to rest.
Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War that has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades and consulted with governments challenged by security issues. He's a senior editor and chairman of the board of Veterans Today, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.”
___________
Former FBI Director James Comey testifies before a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington on Thursday. Aaron P. Bernstein/Reuters
One of the newest pieces of information from Thursday's Senate Intelligence Committee hearing was actually more about former FBI Director James Comey than it was about Donald Trump. Comey testified that he encouraged a friend to disclose to the New York Times portions of his confidential memos documenting President Trump's alleged request to Comey that he shut down the federal investigation of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The president has responded with a full assault on Comey, with Trump's personal lawyer accusing him of lying under oath and—without proof—claiming that Comey had admitted to “illegal” leaking of “classified information and privileged communications.” Trump kept up this attack on Friday, taking to his favorite medium to say, “WOW, Comey is a leaker!”
Meanwhile, NSA contractor Reality Winner is facing up to 10 years in jail because she allegedly mailed a classified document to the Intercept with evidence of an attack by Russian military intelligence operatives on the U.S. election system. What's been missing from both of these conversations is a greater focus on what was being revealed, which should greatly influence how we think of and describe those making the revelations.
The shared NSA documents revealed that Russia had hacked a voting software supplier just days before the election. Comey's memo, meanwhile, revealed an allegation that the president attempted to interfere in an ongoing FBI investigation—a charge the president now denies—potentially to the point of obstruction of justice. The media makes a mistake when it buys into the administration's labeling of both these figures as leakers.
Leaking has become the default term for almost all unauthorized disclosures of information, classified or not, provided anonymously by employees to journalists. But not all leaked information has the same value. A more accurate description of both Comey's and Winner's disclosures is not leaking, but rather anonymous whistleblowing. The distinction matters.
Leaks are like junk food. Take the Trump administration's palace intrigue: Is Jared Kushner on top today or is Steve Bannon? Will Ivanka actually speak out? Is Sean Spicer in timeout again? It's fun to read, and often newsworthy, but its core purpose is for political ends—to embarrass a political rival or influence a policy agenda—or to curry favor with a journalist by offering an entertaining tidbit that will draw readers.
These leaks, sometimes of classified information, are often tolerated, facilitated, or encouraged by members of the political establishment. Those in power caught mishandling or releasing classified information for personal or political purposes—as did Gen. David Petraeus to his girlfriend, or President Trump to Russian diplomats, or Hillary Clinton to a private email server—typically experience minimal consequences. (Among this group, only Petraeus has so far faced criminal penalties, and he pleaded guilty to a lesser charge than initially expected and received probation.)
Disclosures of classified information that reveal serious breaches of public trust, meanwhile, are treated differently. Specifically, disclosures that are evidence of violations of laws, rules, or regulations; gross waste of funds; gross mismanagement; abuse of authority; a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety; or scientific censorship can often be treated as inappropriate “leaking.” But actually they constitute whistleblowing, whether made anonymously or not. Evidence of a Russian attack on our voting infrastructure likely meets this standard. So would obstruction of an FBI investigation by the president of the United States.
These issues are far more important than palace intrigue; they are forms of misconduct that, if unaddressed, profoundly threaten the public interest.
The law protects some of these types of public interest disclosures, with 59 federal whistleblower laws—and numerous state and local laws—protecting the rights of public and private employees to report, free from reprisal, evidence of wrongdoing that meets an objective standard. Even federal intelligence employees have internal mechanisms to blow the whistle using classified information. These free speech laws—passed with nearly unanimous, bipartisan support—demonstrate recognition that whistleblowers are the best, and sometimes the only, mechanisms to protect the public interest and promote the rule of law.
But the patchwork of whistleblower protection laws is far from perfect. Employment protections for federal intelligence whistleblowers are negligible. And since 2012, intelligence contractors like Winner have had neither whistleblower protections nor any effective or safe avenues to report classified evidence of serious problems.
Despite the public interest value of the information they disclose, whistleblowers are far more likely to suffer prosecution than political leakers. The lack of a public interest defense to whistleblowers charged with releasing classified information, combined with weak or nonexistent protections for intelligence whistleblowers, creates an environment where employees must choose to either stay silent—allowing government officials to ignore or cover up ongoing wrongdoing—or risk prosecution. This choice is untenable for employees and the public.
After being fired for doing his job investigating government corruption, Comey—like so many whistleblowers before him—recognized the likely futility of an independent investigation being launched into potentially one of the most serious abuses of power in history without the power of the press. Similarly, Winner reasonably believed she was exposing evidence of illegal activity on the part of the Russians to interfere with our elections, though she would have benefited from talking with an experienced whistleblower attorney before deciding to share a classified document with the Intercept.
Fear of futility—that speaking up won't make a difference—and fear of reprisal are the two main reasons employees with evidence of serious wrongdoing stay silent. We should be grateful that Comey had the courage to use the press. Whistleblowers and the verifiable information they provide about wrongdoing, reported responsibly by the press, are essential to making our barely functional democratic system of checks and balances work.
But journalists can do even better. They need to be able to better insulate whistleblowers from reprisal. The Intercept's journalists did not protect Winner's anonymity. They could have reported the content of the document rather than publish the document itself. Despite not violating any journalistic norms by publishing a document that arrived anonymously, they still put their anonymous source at serious legal risk.
Journalists can also help by describing both Winner and Comey as whistleblowers rather than leakers. When whistleblowers are labeled leakers, it's pejorative, designed to delegitimize both the source and the information. It takes away their moral high ground and disguises the fact that their disclosures were made to serve the public interest rather than fuel political gossip. By continuing to mislabel whistleblowers, journalists may be inadvertently chilling vulnerable employees who might otherwise fight corruption and try to help restore us to a functioning constitutional democracy.
Standing up for whistleblowers should be another part of journalistic advocacy—just like supporting access to public records, lobbying for shield laws, and decrying all assaults on reporters. Whistleblowers fight an uphill battle to hold the powerful accountable, as do their journalist allies. This is the relationship that can most effectively challenge autocratic leaders who chillingly label both journalists and whistleblowers as “enemies of the people.” Journalists undermine it at their own peril.
A new study has found that stem cell therapy can reduce lung inflammation in an animal model of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and cystic fibrosis. Although, still at a pre-clinical stage, these findings have important potential implications for the future treatment of patients.
The findings were presented in Estoril, Portugal today (25 March, 2017) at the European Respiratory Society's Lung Science Conference.
Lung damage caused by chronic inflammation in conditions such as COPD and cystic fibrosis, leads to reduced lung function and eventually respiratory failure. Mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) therapy is currently being investigated as a promising therapeutic approach for a number of incurable, degenerative lung diseases. However, there is still limited data on the short and long-term effects of administering stem cell therapy in chronic respiratory disease.
The new research investigated the effectiveness of MSC therapy in a mouse model of chronic inflammatory lung disease, which reflects some of the essential features of diseases such as COPD and cystic fibrosis.
Researchers delivered stem cells intravenously to b-ENaC overexpressing mice at 4 and 6 weeks of age, before collecting samples tissue and cells from the lungs at 8 weeks. They compared these findings to a control group that did not receive the MSC therapy.
The results showed that inflammation was significantly reduced in the group receiving MSC therapy. Cell counts for both monocytic cells and neutrophils, both signs of inflammation, were significantly reduced after MSC therapy. Analysis of lung tissue revealed a reduction in the mean linear intercept and other measures of lung destruction in MSC treated mice. As well as reducing inflammation in the lung, MSC therapy also resulted in significant improvements in lung structure, suggesting that this form of treatment has the potential to repair the damaged lung.
Dr Declan Doherty, from Queen's University University Belfast, UK, commented: "These preliminary findings demonstrate the potential effectiveness of MSC treatment as a means of repairing the damage caused by chronic lung diseases such as COPD. The ability to counteract inflammation in the lungs by utilising the combined anti-inflammatory and reparative properties of MSCs could potentially reduce the inflammatory response in individuals with chronic lung disease whilst also restoring lung function in these patients. Although further research is needed to improve our understanding of how MSCs repair this damage, these findings suggest a promising role for MSC therapy in treating patients with chronic lung disease.
Professor Rachel Chambers, ERS Conferences and Research Seminars Director, commented: This paper offers novel results in a pre-clinical model which demonstrates the potential of MSC stem cell therapy for the treatment of long-term lung conditions with exciting potential implications for the future treatment of patients with COPD and cystic fibrosis. Although, still at an early stage in terms of translation to the human disease situation, this paper is one of many cutting-edge abstracts from the Lung Science Conference, which aims to provide an international platform to highlight novel experimental lung research with therapeutic potential. We rely on high quality basic and translational respiratory science, such as these latest findings, to develop novel therapeutic approaches for the millions of patients suffering from devastating and often fatal respiratory conditions.
Karim Benzema has revealed that he rejected advances from Manchester United, Barcelona and Internazionale before agreeing a move to Real Madrid. The former Lyon striker, who signed for £30m, was presented to fans at the Bernabéu last night.
During his time with Lyon, Benzema established himself as one of Europe's most admired marksmen – he scored 54 competitive goals in the last two seasons – and he was regularly linked with some of the continent's biggest clubs.
When asked if there had been other suitors, Benzema said: "There were quite a few clubs that contacted me, like Manchester [United], Inter and Barcelona, but I decided to come here.
"Real Madrid are an excellent club. I've dreamt about playing here since I was 15 years old. Florentino [Pérez] spoke to me about the team and the project that he wanted to create. I wanted to play at Real Madrid anyway so he didn't have to convince me of hardly anything."
Benzema is the fourth new arrival to be unveiled by the Spanish giants since Pérez returned to the presidency at the start of June, following in the footsteps of Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaka and Raul Albiol. An estimated 80,000 people turned up for Ronaldo's presentation on Monday, while around 55,000 were in attendance for Kaka's unveiling last week.
The amount of people that turned up to welcome Benzema last night was considerably less, with around 20,000 in the stands, but the Frenchman was still delighted with his reception.
"It was very exciting. Real Madrid fans have a special relationship with the players and I am very grateful for that," he said. "I felt some strong emotions today and that's why I kissed the badge."
Benzema, who has not yet been given a shirt number at his new club, is confident he can be a regular goalscorer at Madrid as well – if he can secure himself a place in what will be a star-studded line-up.
"I don't want to promise a set number of goals, although I hope to score a lot. With players like Kaka, Ronaldo and Raul it will be very easy for us to get goals," said Benzema. "I'm aware that there is great competition at the club and maybe I cannot always play, but I've come here to fight, so it's not going to be a problem."
Entrepreneurs offer post-'rapture' services
Ventures include offering rapture believers pet care and a chance to send letters to nonbelieving loved ones in the event the faithful are swept away.
"I'm the only Christian in my family, so what I really have to achieve is to warn them about everything, but they just think I'm crazy," said Jones, 43.
Eight months ago, Jones paid $14.95 to a website called You've Been Left Behind to send letters to nonbelieving loved ones in the event she is taken away in the rapture.
That was before the occupational health therapist and mother of two in Surrey, Britain, became a born-again Christian. She now believes the faithful will be swept up in the skies to unite with Jesus in the rapture, while nonbelievers will be left behind to wait for Armageddon and the second coming of Christ.
Natalie Jones said the idea of paying someone to send emails to her loved ones after the "rapture" would have seemed preposterous to her a few years ago.
Bart Centre, with his dog Maddie, is a retired retail executive living on… (Caleb Kenna, For The Times )
You've Been Left Behind is one of several enterprises advertising post-rapture services. You've Been Left Behind lost its incorporation status with the state of Massachusetts last month for failing to file its required annual report, although it continues to advertise on the Web.
Founder Mark Heard, a professed rapture believer and handyman in Cape Cod, Mass., said he plans to reconfigure the venture as a nonprofit.
Experts said potential buyers should be wary when approaching business ventures based around deeply held religious beliefs.
"Usually most of these things sound too good to be true, and people, instead of trusting their own instincts, will fall back on 'There can't be anything wrong with it because it's my group, it's my religion,'" said Lisa Fairfax, a George Washington University law professor who has studied religious-based investment fraud schemes. Some of the ventures hawking post-rapture services don't pretend to be operated by believers. Eternal Earth-Bound Pets, which promises to care for pets left behind, is run by avowed atheists.
"Is this a joke?" That's question No. 1 on the site's list of frequently asked questions.
"No" is the answer. "This is a serious offer to our Christian friends who believe in the Second Coming and honestly care about the future of their pets after the Rapture occurs."
Bart Centre, the New Hampshire retiree who runs Eternal Earth-Bound Pets, said he simply wants to make a buck.
"I saw dollar signs, because no one has more pets per capita and more rapture-believing Christians than the good old U.S.A.," he said.
His business is not incorporated in any state. Centre said he simply reports the income on his personal tax return.
While Centre doesn't believe in the rapture, he insisted he's prepared to honor his contract. If prospective customers are wary, Centre said, he will suggest they appoint a trusted nonbeliever with "post-rapture power of attorney" to enforce the agreement.
Centre said inquiries picked up in recent months based on predictions by evangelical radio broadcaster Harold Camping that the rapture will take place Saturday, leading him to boost his basic rate from $110 to $135. For that fee, his crews will retrieve and care for one household pet post-rapture, if it occurs within 10 years of payment.
Jones is not holding her breath. She believes the rapture is coming soon but doesn't think anyone can predict the date. Nor was she concerned about You've Been Left Behind's standing with the state of Massachusetts.
"So long as the service is still operating and delivers my messages to those left behind then that's fine with me," she wrote in an email. "Do [you] know if it's still working?"
abby.sewell@latimes.com
Press Release
NEW ORLEANS BOULDER LOUNGE SET TO OPEN CITY'S FIRST CLIMBING GYM
New Orleans Boulder Lounge will open New Orleans' first indoor climbing facility in the Lower Garden District at 1746 Tchoupitoulas St. The grand opening is set for July 18 in the historic cotton press building, a beautiful, 125-year-old warehouse adjacent to the Market Street Power Plant. NOBL will feature 2,500 square feet of bouldering, climbing at lower heights without ropes, as well as a yoga studio, fitness center, and lounge space with a cafe and live music. Prior to NOBL opening, the nearest gyms were in Slidell and Lafayette. The nearest crag is 6 hours away.
New Orleans Boulder Lounge will offer both day passes and memberships for unlimited access to climbing, classes and events. Programming options will include climbing workshops, social leagues, camps, a youth climbing team, yoga and fitness classes, and community events. Programs will be available for all ages and experience levels.
“Climbing for us means community health,” said Eli Klarman, Founder and Director of Operations. “We want to create a space that brings people together around all sorts of activities, and NOBL is our way to provide a space for active, healthy living, with a focus on personal and communal growth. We couldn't be more excited to share our love of climbing with New Orleans.”
Specials and events, including donation-based access and music and film festivals, are part of NOBL's community space plan for members and guests. If you're new to the sport, or want to learn more, NOBL will offer intro and technique classes as well as one-on-one coaching.
“There's already a big community of climbers here,” Klarman said, “and we're excited to provide them with a local climbing destination and to introduce the activity to a wider audience. It's important to us that everyone has the opportunity to experience climbing and be a part of the community that's forming here. We plan to help everyone get strong and have fun doing it.”
NOBL will be open Monday through Friday from 12PM-10PM, Saturday and Sunday from 10AM-10PM. Base membership will be $60. For more information check out climbnobl.com or follow New Orleans Boulder Lounge o​​n Facebook. To schedule special events, birthday parties or corporate team-building, e-mail [email protected]
I found myself with a substantial amount of fresh summer tomatoes and decided to make this simple roasted tomato salsa. Unlike pico de gallo, or salsa fresca, where fresh vegetables are simply chopped and combined and left chunky, this salsa roja involves roasting the tomatoes, sautéing the aromatics together, and then processing into a smooth consistency. The result is a smooth dipping sauce that's great with chips, atop burritos, or tossed with a salad.
In this roasted tomato salsa recipe, I remove the ribs and seeds of the jalapeño, since that's where most of the heat comes from. The recipes use 1 tablespoon of the minced jalapeño, which is approximately half of one jalapeño pepper. This added moderate heat, but in retrospect, using the entire pepper, so long as it's seeded properly would have been tasty as well, depending on your heat tolerance.
Roasted Tomato Salsa Recipe
Easy Roasted Tomato Salsa Print Cook time 30 mins Total time 30 mins Author: Sara Hohn Recipe type: Dips and Spreads Serves: 4 Ingredients 4 c fresh tomatoes, halved and seeded
1 t canola oil
1 T fresh garlic, minced
½ c yellow onion, diced
1 T fresh jalapeño, seeds and ribs removed, minced
½ t olive oil
½ t fresh lime juice
⅛ t salt (plus more to taste) Instructions Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. In a roasting pan, toss tomatoes with canola oil. Add a generous pinch of salt. Cook for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and peel skins from tomatoes. Skins should slide off easily and can be discarded. In a medium sauté pan, heat olive oil. Add garlic, onion and jalapeño and sauté about 5 minutes, or until vegetables are softened and onions are translucent. Transfer tomatoes and onion mixture to a food processor. Add ⅛ t salt and fresh lime juice and process until smooth. (Add additional salt to taste). Keep refrigerated. Wordpress Recipe Plugin by EasyRecipe 3.5.3208
Share it! Pinterest Tumblr email
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- It wasn't the ideal preparation for Kenny Clark, but at least it appears the Green Bay Packers' first-round pick will be available for the regular-season opener.
Clark returned to practice Tuesday, the Packers' first this week in advance of Sunday's Week 1 game at Jacksonville. It marked his first time on the field since Aug. 22, when his back tightened up during practice. Clark was unable to go the next day, and it was the first time he had ever missed a practice in his football-playing life.
“That was probably one of the most frustrating parts because I'm not out there with my teammates,” Clark said this week. “But I learned from it, and just doing a better job of stretching and doing a lot of stuff to take care of my body.”
Clark said he did not know what caused his back problem.
“I was just out at practice, punched and my back just tightened,” he said.
The defensive tackle from UCLA already was starting from behind because NFL rules prohibited him from joining the Packers' offseason program until his alma mater was out of session. Because UCLA is on the quarter system, that meant Clark missed about a month of organized team activities before he could finally come to Green Bay in June, even though he was not enrolled in school. He and fellow rookie defensive end Dean Lowry (Northwestern) were in the same situation but kept in touch via Skype with assistant coach Mike Trgovac.
Even with a late start to his pro career and an early end to training camp, Clark likely will have a significant role against the Jaguars. The Packers kept only five defensive linemen. and three of them -- Clark, Lowry and Christian Ringo, who spent all of his rookie season last year on the practice squad -- have never played in an NFL regular-season game. The only two veterans in Trgovac's room are Mike Daniels and Letroy Guion (Mike Pennel is serving a four-game suspension).
“I'm going to be candid with you: He's going to have to play,” Daniels said of Clark. “We're going to need him. That's why we brought him in. Liked what you saw out of him. Unfortunately he has some issues going on, but we'll see. But I would love to get him out there. The more experience you get, the better you play, and that's why they say it's good to have vets.”
The Packers won't have to release an official injury report until Wednesday, but the only three players who did not appear to do anything during Tuesday's practice were outside linebacker Jayrone Elliott, safety Chris Banjo and cornerback Josh Hawkins. Elliott and Banjo both missed the preseason finale because of hamstring injuries. Hawkins' reason for missing practice was not known.
Receivers Jeff Janis (hand) and Trevor Davis (shoulder) both appeared limited in practice. Janis wore a club-cast on his broken right hand. Packers coach Mike McCarthy said before Tuesday's practice that Davis would “be challenged to make it this week,” which is usually McCarthy's code for a player who won't play.
As expected, Jordy Nelson appeared to practice without limitations a day after McCarthy said his Pro Bowl receiver would be “full bore” for Sunday's game despite not playing a snap in preseason while recovering from the torn ACL that kept him out all last season.
BERLIN (Reuters) - A top member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives on Thursday dismissed Russian President Vladimir Putin's push to host a new Syrian peace process with the backing of Iran and Turkey, calling it “the height of cynicism.”
The leaders of Russia, Iran and Turkey on Wednesday called on the Syrian government and moderate opposition to “participate constructively” in the planned congress, to be held in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Juergen Hardt, foreign policy speaker for Merkel's conservatives in parliament, said Russia had repeatedly blocked efforts by the U.N. Security Council to find a constructive solution to end the Syrian civil war, now in its seventh year.
“It is the height of cynicism that, of all countries, Russia and Iran, which fuelled the civil war in Syria in their own interests, causing the deaths of thousands of people, now want to develop a political vision for Syria's future,” Hardt said.
Hardt said Germany's conservatives hoped that the announcement of a ceasefire was serious, and would lead to a permanent halt in fighting in Syria and an end to mass death, flight and expulsion.
“Russia, Iran and the dictatorial regime in Syria could have achieved this long ago if they had wanted to,” Hardt said, noting that a solution could not be achieved under conditions set by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Hardt said a lasting peace could only be achieved if all parties were involved, and that, in turn, was only possible under a peace process led by the United Nations.
The German foreign ministry had no immediate comment on Putin's new initiative.
In 2010 a prototype of Apple's iPhone 4 was left at a bar, leading to it leaking across the internet months before its official debut — and it appears the same almost happened with the much-anticipated new Nexus phone from LG. Wired reports that Jamin Barton, a bartender at the 500 Club in San Francisco, came across an unclaimed smartphone at the venue sometime in September. The device had no SIM card, but did feature the Google logo on the back along with a sticker indicating that it was "not for sale."
As Barton tells the story, a friend — referenced only as "Dave" — recognized that the phone was likely Google's next Nexus, and agreed to contact the search giant. According to Wired, Dave become upset the following day, saying that Google had threatened that he could be an accessory to what it apparently considered a crime. Google's Global Investigations & Intelligence Manager, Brian Katz, was reportedly the person tasked with retrieving the phone, even telling individuals at the 500 Club that Google could file criminal charges in connection with the misplaced Nexus.
Ultimately, Google retrieved the phone on September 20th, only to have the Nexus 4 leak multiple times just weeks later. Katz reportedly offered Barton a free phone if he kept the incident under wraps — but Wired has the full story, along with a selection of images and video that confirm we have a very clear idea of what we'll see at Google's Android event next week.
I write this from the backwaters of Kerala, a state that has done us all proud with its success in tourism. Nobody sells their state as well as the people of “God's Own Country". Endowed with beaches and backwaters, lush green forests and a long tradition in Ayurveda, the ancient Indian system of medicine, Kerala has worked hard on building its image as a tourist destination. No wonder the state earns ₹ 22,000 crore (close to $3.5 billion) annually from tourism and is acclaimed as India's only super brand in tourism. Over the next 10 years, Kerala's travel industry is expected to create 750,000 new jobs while the broader impact of the travel economy will create 1.4 million jobs.
Yet, even as Kerala's travel and tourism industry expands, many of its hot spots are in trouble, reeling under the pressure of too much tourism. A boom in the construction of resorts is affecting the local ecology. All the beaches I visited on this trip—from Kovalam to Kochi—were filthy. The famous Chinese fishing nets at Fort Kochi are surrounded by garbage, and a walk down the pathway along the beach, once a pleasant tryst with history, is today a stench-filled experience. A small stretch of the beach at the end of the paved walkway is still sandy, with no concrete on it, but it's lined with plastic bottles and other debris that the sea washes ashore at high tide.
At Kovalam, it's the same story. Once a sleepy fishing village, today close to the beach all you can see is an explosion of shops, eateries and resorts, many violating the coastal zone regulation guidelines that state that construction should be allowed only at a certain distance from the sea. Worse still, none of the eateries or resorts have septic tanks to store toilet waste. Most hotel owners admit to simply pumping their waste directly into the sea. A 2006 study by the Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies found that because of a tourism boom, the Kovalam beach received 2,000 visitors a day, exceeding the carrying capacity of the beach in terms of length and resources by over 40%. With such a huge inflow of humans, marine life was bound to be affected; it's common to see dead jellyfish crabs washed ashore and high levels of pollution in the waters close to the beach.
At the backwaters of the Vembanad Lake, the largest wetland ecosystem in southern India, the iconic houseboats are causing similar problems. A study conducted by Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment, a Bengaluru-based non-governmental organization, in association with the Lake Protection Forum in 2012, found that the level of total dissolved solids had increased even as the level of dissolved oxygen had gone down in the lake, indicating large-scale pollution caused by hundreds of houseboats. Another study, again in 2012, by the Alappuzha district panchayat, found there were 98 houseboats in the district plying without a mandatory no-objection certificate from the Kerala State Pollution Control Board. It estimated that the houseboats discharged a total of 230,160 litres of waste water into Vembanad Lake per day, slowly killing the lake as well as the fish in it. The studies have indicated the need to limit the number of houseboats operating on the lake as well as regulating the routes covered by them to ensure better protection.
While something has gone wrong with the Kerala tourism success story, there are many ways to set it right. The state government itself has woken up to the needs of responsible tourism and has even set up a separate department for this purpose while providing incentives to resorts that follow principles of sustainability. Cleaning up its beaches, regulating hotels and houseboats in tourism hot spots, and strict penalties for those found polluting water bodies may be a way forward. Individual experiments like the Coconut Lagoon run by the CGH Earth or the Vythiri Resort in Wayanad—which focus on biodiversity, heritage and local crafts—are fine examples of responsible tourism. The challenge ahead would be to get the idea of responsible tourism ingrained into every tourism initiative.
As I leave rain-drenched Kerala, there is hope, that this state will turn things around. With its high literacy levels, low levels of crime and rich natural resources, it is still an ideal vacation destination. While other states across India struggle to deal with the negative impact of tourism, Kerala could lead the way. What better way to start than right here in God's Own Country?
Bahar Dutt is a conservation biologist and author of the book Green Wars: Dispatches From A Vanishing World.
SWAT Team Raids Home Because Guy Had An Open Wireless Router
from the wrong-lessons-learned dept
Lying on his family room floor with assault weapons trained on him, shouts of "pedophile!" and "pornographer!" stinging like his fresh cuts and bruises, the Buffalo homeowner didn�t need long to figure out the reason for the early morning wake-up call from a swarm of federal agents.
That new wireless router. He'd gotten fed up trying to set a password. Someone must have used his Internet connection, he thought.
"We know who you are! You downloaded thousands of images at 11:30 last night," the man's lawyer, Barry Covert, recounted the agents saying. They referred to a screen name, "Doldrum."
"No, I didn't," he insisted. "Somebody else could have but I didn't do anything like that."
"You're a creep ... just admit it," they said.
Why is law enforcement sending in a SWAT team for child porn downloads? You could potentially see it in cases of production, but with downloads, can't they just do a standard arrest? Why didn't they do a simple check beforehand to see if the router was open before bursting into the home with assault weapons and unproven assertions? How come none of the "cautionary lessons" involve law enforcement folks realizing that they overreacted?
This is just ridiculous. Apparently a SWAT team raided the home of an innocent guy , accusing him of downloading child porn:It seems that law enforcement folks now admit that they screwed up, but the "lesson" they're getting out of it seems completely backwards. They're saying the lesson is that you should protect your WiFi router. Thatbe a good idea for some people, but there are plenty of legitimate reasons for offering an open WiFi connection. Furthermore, as noted, some people don't know how to set up their WiFi security.But the bigger questions are:What's really disturbing is that the thrust of the original article is all about how this is a cautionary tale for wireless router owners, rather than a cautionary tale about overaggressive law enforcement.
Filed Under: law enforcement, passwords, privacy, raids, swat team, wireless
In Ohio, Iowa and Wisconsin , for example, Republicans have put down considerably higher amounts in local television markets — sometimes by a 3-to-2 margin. But that spending did not translate into a commensurate advantage with viewers, audience data available to the presidential campaigns showed.
In Florida and New Hampshire , in fact, pro-Obama ads have been reaching considerably more people, the data showed.
But Mr. Romney and his supporters have started to buy more advertising time. And with eight days until the election, there is still plenty of time for them to increase their engagement.
But Mr. Obama has been helped by a structural advantage, stemming from differences in the ways he, Mr. Romney and their allies have built their war chests. Both men are on track to raise $1 billion along with their parties this election cycle, with much of the money budgeted for advertising. And when the super PACs are included, the final tally will include hundreds of millions of dollars more, most of that benefiting Republicans. Mr. Romney has raised a much larger proportion of his money to date for the Republican National Committee .
But Mr. Obama and the Democrats, buoyed by millions of small donors, have raised a vast majority of his cash directly for his campaign committee, which under federal law is entitled to preferential ad rates over political parties and super PACs.
On the Republican side, super PAC spending has been a far greater necessity because of the Romney campaign's cash shortages over the summer. More than half of pro-Romney advertising spending to date has come from super PACs, which sometimes pay double and triple what candidates pay for TV time.
For example, in Florida over the last month, both sides reserved roughly the same amount of time — at $25 million each. But the audience reach of the pro-Obama ads was far greater, sometimes by 20 percent, audience data showed.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Obama campaign believes that the differences between its advertising strategy and the Republicans' efforts, which are more disjointed, are helpful in other ways. First, it can control almost all of the advertising placement and timing itself. Second, though it has benefited greatly from more than $100 million in advertising from its super PAC, the Obama campaign has not had to rely nearly as heavily on outside groups, which campaigns are prohibited by law from coordinating with.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“It's nice to control your own destiny,” said Larry Grisolano, the director of paid media for the Obama campaign.
That is not to say that the Obama strategy is not without inefficiencies or unexpected expense. In fact, the campaign said it had spent more in the last three weeks than it initially budgeted.
Even the best-laid plans are at the mercy of this year's erratic market, in which an ad during the “Today” show in Norfolk , Va., an important region with a population of 242,000 in a battleground state, can cost nearly three and a half times as much as an ad in the same time slot in New York City , where there is little demand for political advertising time.
The lowest rate federal candidates are entitled to is breaking records this year because of surging demand. “A rising tide floats all boats higher,” said Will Feltus, senior vice president of National Media, which buys advertising time. “But this year it's like a tidal wave.”
Mr. Romney's media buying is less susceptible to the wild swings of the market because it waits until the last minute before reserving its commercial time. This means it pays higher rates, but it is also not running into what has become a significant problem for political advertisers this year: getting bumped by someone offering to pay a higher price.
The New York Times examined files of the Cleveland NBC station, WKYC, in one of the most saturated media markets this year, and sometimes found price increases of three- or fourfold. For the week of Oct. 8, the Obama campaign put down an advance purchase order on the “Today” show for $400 per 30-second spot.
But super PACs like the conservative group American Crossroads , which paid $2,500 for the same spot on “Today,” had bid the price up so much that the Obama campaign ultimately ended up paying $1,400 for each ad. The Romney campaign, which had reserved its time only the week before, also paid $1,400.
The Obama campaign has expressed alarm about scenarios like this, warning that its resources could fall short in the final days of the race. In an e-mail to supporters on Friday, Jim Messina, the campaign manager, wrote that Republicans “can outspend us by $4 million per day, every day, for the final 11 days.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some advocates of campaign finance reform are concerned that because an onslaught of ads has failed to bury the president as expected, their own efforts might be stymied.
“There's a worry that if there's parity in terms of spending on ads, that it will diminish the appetite for reform,” said Ellen Miller, the executive director of the Sunlight Foundation, which monitors outside spending.
“But this is not about whether the candidates can game the system,” she added. “It's about whether Americans can be fairly represented in a democracy that depends on big money, much of it spent in secret.”
Report problems or abuse
Map last updated: 5:30 p.m. July 26; 2,373 total data points (+97)
Pokémon fever has swept across New Jersey like wildfire, sending gads of children and adults alike scouring the state for the collectible pocket monsters.
The augmented reality mobile game Pokémon Go was released last week and has saturated the nation's landscape with players. This week, the game has been more popular than Twitter and Facebook by some calculations.
Pokémon Go uses your location to superimpose gameplay over reality using your phone's camera, and can be played virtually anywhere. There are thousands of Pokestops, gyms and high traffic Pokémon areas across New Jersey, each offering different hidden treasures and challenges.
We created a user-generated map that highlights some of the best spots in New Jersey. Click on the icons in the map below to see information about a point of interest a player has entered.
So far, the map has nearly 1,200 entries collected from several sources and will be updated daily, so check back often!
Leave questions or suggestions in the comments thread, or find us in the New Jersey Pokémon Go subreddit. Happy hunting!
Disclaimer: We're doing our best to monitor the map for potential abuses, but be aware that strong language could make its way in here. Stay aware of your surroundings and use Pokémon Go at your own risk. Before long we'll build in a way to report false sightings/bad locations.
Stephen Stirling may be reached at sstirling@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @sstirling . Find him on Facebook
Mayor de Blasio on Friday demanded the resignation of a Board of Elections commissioner who said in an undercover video that the city's municipal ID program is contributing to voter fraud at the polls.
“That's crazy and what he said was entirely inappropriate and unfair and absolutely the reverse of what someone should be saying on the Board of Elections. He should really step down,” de Blasio said Friday on WNYC, referring to Manhattan Democratic Commissioner Alan Schulkin.
“He obviously does not have the world view and ethics to do that . . . if he is going to talk about, first of all, falsehoods, and second of all, ways that would ultimately exclude people.”
The mayor noted that the ID program was developed with the NYPD to protect against identify fraud.
“It is being used it in other cities and countries. There has been no concerns to speak of about fraud. Again, this is just urban legend that there is a [voter] fraud problem. There isn't. There's no proof of it whatsoever.”
Schulkin, captured in a secretly-recorded interview by a muckraker for the conservative group Project Veritas, claimed the municipal ID program was contributing to “all kinds of fraud” — including at the polls.
“He gave out ID cards, de Blasio. That's in lieu of a driver's license, but you can use it for anything,” Schulkin said on the recording.
“But they didn't vet people to see who they really are. Anybody can go in there and say, ‘I am Joe Smith, I want an ID card,' ” he said on the video.
“It's absurd. There is a lot of fraud. Not just voter fraud, all kinds of fraud . . . This is why I get more conservative as I get older.”
Schulkin also told the undercover that voters in minority were bused from “poll site to poll site.”
In a subsequent interview, Schulkin defended his support for a voter ID law to deter fraud, but backed off his criticism of the municipal ID program.
At a Board of Elections meeting on Tuesday, Schulkin claimed his remarks were taken out of context and denied that he's a racist.
(Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman promised Germany's Jewish and Muslim communities on Friday they would be free to carry out circumcision on young boys despite a court ban which has provoked concerns about religious freedom.
In a country that is especially sensitive to allegations of intolerance because of the Nazis' slaughter of 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, the government said it would find a way around the Cologne court ban in June as a matter of urgency.
"For everyone in the government it is absolutely clear that we want to have Jewish and Muslim religious life in Germany," said Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert. "Circumcision carried out in a responsible manner must be possible in this country without punishment."
European rabbis descended on Berlin this week to lobby against what they see as an affront to religious freedom - with the backing of Muslim and Christian leaders in an unusual show of unity, as well as the support of many German politicians.
Ruling in the case of a Muslim boy taken to a doctor with bleeding after circumcision, the Cologne court said the practice inflicts bodily harm and should not be carried out on young boys, but could be practiced on older males who give consent.
This is not acceptable under Jewish religious practice which requires boys to be circumcised from eight days old, nor for many Muslims, for whom the age of circumcision varies according to family, country and branch of Islam.
"It is well-known that in the Jewish religion early circumcision carries great meaning, so it is a matter of urgency that this right be restored," said Seibert, adding that Merkel's own office would be involved in efforts to resolve the problem.
"We know a quick decision is needed and that this cannot be put off. Freedom of religious practice is a very important legal right for us," he said.
DEFIANCE
Germany is a close ally of Israel and its ambassador there has promised parliament's Diaspora Affairs Committee to defend the rights of Germany's growing Jewish community.
European rabbis ended their meeting in Berlin on Thursday in a defiant mood. They plan talks with German Muslim and Christian leaders in Stuttgart next week to see how they can fight the ban together.
The ruling by the Cologne Regional Court applies to the city and surrounding districts with a total population of just over 2 million people. The total population of Germany is about 82 million. Cologne is home to about 120,000 Muslims, whose plans for a new central mosque has stirred anti-immigrant sentiment.
The head of the Conference of European Rabbis urged Jews in Germany to continue carrying out circumcision despite the ban.
But the German Medical Association, while opposing the ban because it could drive circumcision underground with greater risk of infection through poor hygiene, advised doctors not to carry out the operation until the legal situation is cleared up as they could risk prosecution.
Pinchas Goldschmidt, the Swiss-born chief rabbi of Moscow who organized the meeting, said the ban was a fresh example of creeping prejudice in European law against non-Christians, after a Swiss ban on minarets, French and Belgian bans on Islamic veils in public and an attempted Dutch ban on halal meat.
"Circumcision represents the basis for belonging to the Jewish community. It has been practiced for 4,000 years and cannot be changed," said Goldschmidt.
Germany is home to about 120,000 Jews and 4 million Muslims. Many of the latter originating from Turkey, which has also condemned last month's court ruling.
PARIS — A Dixfield woman arrested at Dirigo Elementary School earlier this week appeared Friday in 11th District Court in South Paris to face multiple charges.
Beverly Lunsford, 27, was arrested around 6 p.m. Wednesday and was nearly dragged out of the school's gymnasium by police after her refusal to complete a field sobriety test, according to a report from Maine State Trooper Jason Wing.
Lunsford faces disorderly conduct, refusing to submit to arrest, unlawful possession of drugs and violation of conditions of release, all misdemeanor charges.
Police responded to a call from the school at about 4 p.m. reporting that Lunsford had taken nearly 15 minutes to park her vehicle and was believed to be impaired, according to Wing's report.
Lunsford was attending a parent-teacher conference with her child when Wing and Oxford County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Timothy Holland arrived at the school, the trooper said. Other parents, teachers and students were at the school during the incident.
After the conference was over, Wing interviewed Lunsford in the school's gymnasium. She admitted to having difficulty parking but blamed it on faulty power steering. She told Wing that she was using medication for which she had a prescription.
Wing attempted to arrest Lunsford for OUI after she faltered several times during a field sobriety test then became “confrontational and uncooperative” and refused to finish the test.
Lunsford struggled against Wing's attempt to arrest her, screamed and swore at him, Wing said.
Her resistance was so intense, Wing reported, that he had to “nearly drag her out of the school and to my cruiser.”
Lunsford continued to struggle and scream and officers and passers-by, even after Wing managed to force her into his cruiser. She also complained that she couldn't breathe and the handcuffs were cutting her wrists, prompting Wing to call for an ambulance. Medics confirmed Lunsford's condition before she was transported to the Oxford County Jail.
According to Wing's report, Lunsford admitted to snorting her prescription for busiprone, a drug used to treat anxiety, and police found a snorting straw with her prescription.
Lunsford was released on $500 cash bail on Friday afternoon. She is expected to appear in Rumford District Court on Jan. 13.
filed under:
Amazing built-in live cooperation
CraftStudio lets you craft games from scratch in real-time over the Internet. Come jam with your team or join others to make your dream games come true!
Now free for all to use, enjoy and thanks for the support throughout the years! No new updates are planned. You can pay what you want to support me if you like it.
Don't waste time with technical issues
CraftStudio has all the tools you need built right in, including modeling, painting and animating. No format compatibility issues, no lengthy conversion process, no synchronization issues.
It all works out of the box!
Building blocks all the way down!
CraftStudio was built to be extremely easy to use no matter where you're coming from. From models to maps to scripting, it's all just blocks!
Visual scripting lets you make your own game rules without any technical knowledge. And if you need the extra control, good old text-based Lua scripting is available too!
Great education tool for all ages
CraftStudio is used in schools as a rapid prototyping tool, to engage kids in creative ways and to teach students to think in 3D space
What the press says...
"A genuinely cute, well made game-making tool"
Craig Pearson — Rock Paper Shotgun
"Pretty damn neat [...] Good things usually happen when you give PC gamers new tools to express their creativity, so keep an eye on this one."
Tyler Wilde — PC Gamer
Links
PARIS (Reuters) - France offered on Thursday to mediate in a political crisis pitting Iraq's government against Kurdish regional authorities, and promised to maintain a military presence there until Islamic State was defeated.
The offer by President Emmanuel Macron coincided with a visit by Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, his first abroad since its Kurdish-held northern regions last month voted for independence in a referendum declared illegal by Baghdad.
The Iraqi government has imposed sanctions in response to the independence vote, but Abadi said on Thursday he could understand the Kurds' “aspirations” — provided they were expressed in accordance with the constitution — and wanted to avoid violence.
“We do not want an armed confrontation, we don't want clashes,” Abadi said, speaking alongside Macron. “But the federal authority must prevail and nobody can infringe on the federal authority.”
The outcome of the referendum has raised concerns in Iraq and abroad that a conflict might break out there along ethnic lines, potentially weakening a U.S.-backed campaign against Islamic State, which still holds pockets of territory in Iraq and Syria.
Macron, whose country is the second-biggest contributor to the campaign, said French forces would remain until the militant group's defeat was “total.”
“It is vital in the coming weeks and months that a dialogue begins that respects the unity, integrity and sovereignty of Iraq within the framework of the constitution and recognizing Kurdish rights,” Macron added.
“France is ready, if Iraqi authorities wish, to actively contribute to the mediation launched by the United Nations.”
Iraqi-Kurdish tensions were ratcheted down a notch on Wednesday when the central bank in Baghdad eased financial restrictions imposed after the vote, after receiving a pledge of cooperation from Kurdish banks, an Iraqi banking source said.
The central bank had said on Tuesday it would halt all foreign currency transfers to the region, banking and government sources told Reuters. All but four Kurdish-owned banks were on Wednesday again allowed to send and receive dollar and foreign currency transfers, the first banking source said. [nL8N1MF2OM]
Abadi, in Paris for bilateral talks, said the Iraqis and Kurds had a common interest in maintaining peace.
He had on Tuesday called for a “joint administration” of oil-rich Kirkuk and other areas claimed by both his government and the autonomous Kurdish region, provided Baghdad had ultimate authority in any such arrangement.
Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took control of Kirkuk in 2014, when Iraqi forces collapsed in the face of Islamic State's advance across northern Iraq.
“I call on the Peshmerga to remain an integral part of the Iraqi forces under the authority of the federal authorities, to guarantee the security of citizens so that we can rebuild these zones,” Abadi said, referring to areas taken back from Islamic State militants.
“We respect the aspirations of all citizens, including the Kurds, I respect those aspirations, but we must work together. We are in one country.”
Sinead O'Connor has said she has no interest in meeting Miley Cyrus after the pair became embroiled in a bitter online feud.
Sinead O'Connor has said she has no interest in meeting Miley Cyrus after the pair became embroiled in a bitter online feud.
Sinead O'Connor: It was a nasty thing to do to Amanda Bynes
Tonight, Cyrus tweeted a line from O'Connor's famous song Nothing Compares 2 U to further fuel the feud.
"I went to the doctor guess what he told me, guess what he told me. He said girl you better try to have fun. No matter what you do," a message to her followers read," she tweeted to her followers.
Speaking to the Sunday Independent's Barry Egan earlier today, Sinead O'Connor said she was “glad” with what she had said to the Wrecking Ball star in three open letters.
Cyrus' offer for a meeting came after the Irish singer revealed she was "extremely concerned" about her Wrecking Ball music video and warned her not to be exploited by the music business, in an open letter on her website.
The 20-year-old mocked the Nothing Compares 2 U singer in a series of Twitter posts, likening her to troubled actress Amanda Bynes, who is undergoing psychiatric treatment and tonight she tweeted a line from the song.
She also hinted at Sinead's former health problems and posted a picture of her tearing up a photo of the Pope, as well as a screenshot of her older tweets from 2012, when she asked Twitter followers to recommend a psychiatrist.
“I know what it's like to be a 20-year-old woman and everybody is on your case and wants to go on telly giving out about this, that and the other and I don't want to get into that,” O'Connor said.
“I'm happy that I've written the letters directly to her, that I've written on my site, and I'm not interested in engaging with her on another level.
“I'm certainly not interested in putting up on someone who is 20 years of age which doesn't mean I'm not glad I said what I had to say in the last few days.
“She's entitled to feel how she feels and I'm entitled to feel how I feel.
“I'm not going to get into slagging her off.
“If I had to say anything to her I think I would ask her nicely if she would apologise to Amanda Bynes because I think Amanda Bynes being dragged into the issue when she's an innocent party and had nothing to do with it and at a time where she is extremely vulnerable. She's in treatment for a mental health condition.
“What Miley did yesterday in berating her for that, in the same sentence as myself, has exposed poor Amanda to a certain amount of negative press from some of the top American media today."
O'Connor later added on the Late Late Show: "I don't pitch myself as a role model.
"I was upset on behalf of Amanda Bynes. I thought it was a nasty thing to do. It was a nasty time to expose a girl.
"I doubt Miley is the type of person who sat down and said that I want to hurt Amanda Bynes.
"Music is being murdered, The power of rock and roll to move things has been murdered.
"I was asked to wear mini-skirts and grow my hair and that is why I shaved my hair.
"The music industry has far too much creative control."
Read the full interview in the Sunday Independent and watch it on independent.ie on Sunday
Sunday Independent
Royal Antwerp FC took on FC Tubize in Belgium's second division on Sunday, and things started to heat up real nicely towards the latter stages of the match. With Tubize down 2-0, goalkeeper Quentin Beunardeau wanted the ball back quickly so he could restart play and get things going again from a goal kick. Antwerp's ballboy was less than enthused about giving Beunardeau any help though, and the Tubize keeper had to retrieve the matchball himself from behind an advertising hoarding.
Beunardeau finally got ahold of the ball, but when he saw that there was already one set up on the six-yard line he gave into the dark side, embraced his anger and hurled it straight at the useless ballboy's face:
Article continues below ...
Fantastic.
Beunardeau got a response out of the crowd, a laugh out of the ballboy and a nice yellow card for his efforts, but Tubize unfortunately didn't get any of the points and the match ended 2-0.
At least they got a hilarious memory out of it.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER:
If we could subscribe to the Food Network without having to get Cable, we'd probably own something other than the hand-me-down TV that sits in our living room. The Food Network has inspired much of my cooking and when I had a brief period between jobs in 2010, it was daytime programming that often decided what we'd have for dinner. In one episode, the Barefoot Contessa, Ina Garten, shares a Croque Monsieur. By tweaking this dish so it's both dairy free and kosher, you have the most indulgent vegan grilled cheese sandwich you could imagine.
When I learned that April was National Grilled Cheese Month I had to grab the opportunity to make vegan grilled cheese. Once you try it once, you'll be able to serve it alone for breakfast, with salad for brunch, or alongside soup for dinner. Vegan grilled cheese sandwiches have never tasted this good!
Vegan Grilled Cheese Sandwich (Vegan Croque Monsieur)
Two slices of Whole Wheat Bread
1/4 Cup Daiya Vegan Pepperjack Cheese
1/2 Portabello Mushroom
3 slices vegan tempeh bacon
Spray a skillet with extra virgin olive oil and put your mushroom and vegan tempeh bacon on the skillet. At the same time put two slices of whole wheat bread under the broiler or in the toaster oven. Once the mushroom is cooked, remove the tempeh bacon and mushrooms from the skillet and put one slice of bread, un-toasted side to the heat, in the skillet.
Layer the vegan cheese, portabello mushroom and tempeh bacon, and the second slice of bread – toasted side down (touching the tempeh bacon). Put a weighted lid on the bread, as though you are making a panini, and cook until the bottom slice of bread is golden brown. Turn over and cook for a few more minutes until the second slice of bread is golden brown too.
This whole process will take you less than 15 minutes, possibly even less, and the taste of the tempeh bacon alongside the daiya pepperjack is heavenly. I am not vegan, by no means, but I would prefer this vegan croque monsieur with daiya cheese and tempeh bacon to the “real-deal” any day. The flavors marry perfectly, and there's no better way to celebrate national grilled cheese month!
I don't even know HOW to start. My Santa is so considerate and kind, it's unbelievable. This is an absolutely incredible Secret Santa gift to receive, and perhaps one of the most thoughtful presents I've received. So my thanks goes out to /u/BrandiPHarv and her wonderful gift-packing skills.
Even before receiving the package, /u/BrandiPHarv told me that the gift would be a two-parter, and I was so excited! The fact that there were two packages that were coming just meant so much to me. Especially after being shafted four times in a row, this was sort of a healing moment for me. This is when I realized that /u/BrandiPHarv packs and ships her gifts with care and great concern.
Today, Canada Post came and I was able to pick up the package. If I had come to my apartment building an hour late, I would've missed it as they can't leave the item by the doors. So I was so thankful for being able to pick up my packages. Upon seeing that cute little Snoo on the box, I couldn't close my jaws because I couldn't believe it had arrived. It felt like I was back to being five years old, waiting for Santa to come and drop off my gift. I also had to rush to take out my DSLR because I knew crappy cell-phone coverage wouldn't be enough for all this biblical piece of work.
I proceeded to open the smaller box first, and it was a HUGE surprise. It was Peace by Chocolate that suddenly made my mouth water like crazy. I was in the middle of my diet, but this was my one guilty pleasure I just had to experience tonight...
Then came the second box. Even before opening, I noticed that there was another Snoo on the side in a sailboat which is actually super cute. Love the custom drawing, and it made my gift even more personalized. Inside was with couple cards, one of them being (I assume) /u/BrandiPHarv's dog! That was super awesome to see. Another was a post card with helpful notes because she couldn't send the food called "Donair" but she included the links to the recipe which is incredibly helpful. I will make sure to let you know how that goes, if I can get around to making it!
What I had asked my Santa was for foods that represent their culture or ethnic background. I thought it would represent their location well, and /u/BrandiPHarv have just done that exactly. My Santa being from the Maritimes, thought of snacks that would represent where she lives the best.
It was at this moment when I was flooded with gifts that I didn't even expect to be this plenty. One of the first things I had noticed were couple cans of Sussex Golden Ginger Ale along with Blueberry Pepper Jelly jar that would satisfy my hunger for a long while. But then I knew that wasn't it because in the middle were bunch of goodies covered in pretty red plaid patterns. Some of the stuff that were also in the pile were:
Old-Fashioned Kettle Cooked Chips Herring Fillet Snacks in a Can (that I've never seen before!) Dulse Natural Sea Vegetable (Used as snacks or garnish in soups) Maple Roasted Peanuts Pickled Beets from /u/BrandiPHarv's PERSONAL GARDEN!!! Peppermint "Nobs" Chicken Bones (Chocolates covered in Cinnamon) Reese's Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter Egg!
Overall, /u/BrandiPHarv is an excellent Secret Santa and words STILL cannot describe enough the gratitude I have for all these AMAZING gifts she has sent me. Anyone that is to be receiving a gift from /u/BrandiPHarv is definitely in for a "treat" (haha I'll stop).
Again, many thanks for all these wonderful snacks, and your homemade pickled beets will definitely be put to good culinary use! :D
Tuesday, January 3, 2017
New Rule Implementing Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act Sets Employment Goals for Federal Agencies
WASHINGTON - The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) today published regulations explaining what federal agencies must do to comply with their legal obligation to engage in affirmative action in employment and otherwise serve as "model employers" for individuals with disabilities. The regulations do not impose any obligations on private businesses or state and local governments. EEOC has also published a question-and-answer document on the regulations.
Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act requires federal agencies to create affirmative action plans for the employment of people with disabilities, and to submit those plans to EEOC for approval. On May 15, 2014, EEOC published an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) asking for public input on how the EEOC should revise its regulations to clarify what an affirmative action plan must include. On Feb. 24, 2016, the Commission proposed regulations based on the input received, and sought further public comment on their proposals in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.
Today, the final regulations reaffirm the federal government's commitment to being a model employer of people with disabilities. The rule consolidates existing requirements from a variety of sources, such as the existing requirements that federal agencies have written reasonable accommodation procedures and seek out qualified job applicants with disabilities. The regulations also include new representation goals for employees with disabilities in the federal workforce and enhanced support requirements that will enable more persons with disabilities to seek federal employment.
The regulations set goals for federal agency workforces of 12 percent representation for individuals with disabilities and 2 percent for individuals with "targeted" disabilities. Targeted disabilities are defined as disabilities that the government has, for several decades, emphasized in hiring because they pose the greatest barriers to employment, such as blindness, deafness, paralysis, convulsive disorders, and mental illnesses, among others.The goals apply at both higher and lower levels of federal employment.
The regulations also require federal agencies to provide personal assistance services to employees who need them to perform basic human activities at work, such as eating and using the restroom. These services will allow individuals with significant disabilities to enjoy the opportunity and independence of paid employment, which may reduce the amount of taxpayer funds spent on public disability benefits.
"Increasing employment rates for individuals with disabilities is a national priority for the federal government," said EEOC Chair Jenny Yang. "These new regulations provide concrete steps and accountability mechanisms to promote employment and advancement opportunities for people with disabilities across the government. The federal government is committed to leading by example and creating a workplace where people with disabilities can thrive."
Commissioner Chai R. Feldblum, who led an internal work group that developed the regulations, added, "Too many people with disabilities who have the skills and the desire to work remain unemployed or underemployed. These regulations create new opportunities for people with disabilities to achieve the satisfaction and economic self-sufficiency that comes with employment, particularly by setting employment goals for people with targeted disabilities and providing personal assistance services to those who need them in the workplace."
To give agencies sufficient time to come into compliance, the rule will become effective on Jan. 3, 2018. EEOC also will provide agencies with training and technical assistance to support their compliance efforts.
This press release can be viewed in its original on the EEOC website here.
The unlikely encounter took place on 1 July 1959 on Ward D-23 at the State Psychiatric Clinic at Ypsilanti near Detroit (picture), Michigan. The three men, whom the psychologist Milton Rokeach brought together in a small, plainly furnished visiting room at the institute, introduced themselves in turn. The first to do so was a 58-year-old with a bald head and gappy teeth.
"My name is Joseph Cassel. I'm God."
Next up was a 70-year-old, whose mumbled introduction was hard to make out.
"My name is Clyde Benson. I made God."
Finally, a 38-year-old man with an emaciated body and grave expression stepped forward, but refused to give his real name, Leon Gabor.
"It states on my birth certificate that I am the reincarnation of Jesus of Nazareth".
Thus began one of the most bizarre experiments in the history of psychology. The proposition was to find out what happens when people are confronted with the most extreme paradox imaginable, namely with another person who claims to have the same identity? How would the three men react to the realization that, all of a sudden, there was more than one Jesus? (God and Jesus were identical as far as they were concerned).
Milton Rokeach had already spent a long time investigating the relationship between a person's identity and his innermost beliefs. What internal canons of behaviour are central to determining one's personality? Which of these can be altered without any consequences? And what happens when one of the main planks of a person's belief system comes under threat?
Rokeach had seen from the example of his own children how sensitive people were to any violation of their identity. One time, when he jokingly mixed his two daughters' names up, their laughter was soon replaced by unease. "Daddy, this is a game, isn't it?" the younger daughter asked nervously. He answered no, it wasn't, and soon afterwards both girls were begging him to stop. Rokeach had attacked the very core of their innermost conviction, namely their sense of Self.
Rokeach could only hazard a guess at what would have happened if he had kept on mixing their names up for a whole week. Clearly, conducting an experiment along these lines was out of the question on ethical grounds. Yet reports from Chinese prisons, where brainwashing was carried out using similar techniques, suggested that the effects on a person's identity were severe.
In casting around for an experiment that would give no cause for concern, Rokeach suddenly called psychotics to mind: that is, people who think they're someone else. If he could bring together under one roof several of them who all claimed to be the same person, this would cause two fundamental beliefs to collide: their false conviction as to who they were and their correct conviction that two people can't have the same identity.
In psychological literature, Rokeach found two brief examples of such cases: in the 17th century, two men who both thought they were Jesus Christ met by chance in a lunatic asylum. Three hundred years later, also in a psychiatric institution, two Virgin Marys also came face to face. In both cases, the meeting was said to have led to a partial recovery.
Rokeach hoped that the experiment would not only reveal more about people's internal belief system but also suggest new therapeutic possibilities for patients with severe personality disorders. He made enquiries at all five of the psychiatric facilities in the state of Michigan in his search for two psychotics who claimed to have the same identity. Among the 25,000 patients, there were only a handful of such cases. There were no Napoleons, no Khrushchevs and no Eisenhowers. There were just a few people who thought they were members of the Ford or Morgan dynasties, plus a female God, a Snow White and a dozen Christs.
Of the three men who thought they were Christ and who were suitable subjects for the experiment, two were resident at the clinic in Ypsilanti. The third one was transferred there. Over a period of two years, they slept in adjacent beds, ate at the same dining table and were assigned similar duties in the hospital laundry.
Leon Gabor had grown up in Detroit. His father had run off and left the family, while his mother was a religious fanatic. She spent the whole day praying in church, and left the children to fend for themselves at home. Gabor enrolled at a seminary for a short time before enlisting in the army. Later, he went back to live with his mother, who completely dominated him. In 1953, at the age of 32, he began to hear voices telling him that he was Jesus. One year later he fetched up in a psychiatric hospital.
Clyde Benson grew up in the Michigan countryside. When he was 24, his wife, his father-in-law and his parents all died. His eldest daughter married and moved away. Benson started drinking and remarried, lost everything he owned, became violent and eventually landed in gaol, where he claimed to be Jesus Christ. In 1942, aged 53, he was referred to a psychiatric institution.
Joseph Cassel was born in the Canadian province of Quebec. He was something of a misanthrope, burying himself in his books and making his wife take a job to support him while he worked on writing his own book. He and his family moved in with his in-laws, where he lived in constant fear of being poisoned. It was this delusion that brought him to Ypsilanti in 1939. At the time, Cassel was 39 years old. Ten years later he started to believe that he was the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost.
After just a few encounters, each of the three had a ready explanation for the fact that the other two claimed to be Jesus. Thus, Benson claimed: "They are really not alive. The machines in them are talking. Take the machines out of them and they won't talk anything". Meanwhile, Cassel's explanation was disarmingly logical: Gabor and Benson couldn't be Jesus because they were self-evidently patients in a psychiatric institution. Gabor had various explanations for the others' impossible identity. For example: they only made out they were Jesus to gain prestige. Even so, he did go so far as to concede that they might be "hollowed-out instrumental gods with a small ‘g'".
To get to now the three men better, Rokeach set the topics for discussion at each of their daily sessions. They talked about families, their childhood, their wives and – repeatedly – about their own identity. Heated debates ensued, which after three weeks led to the first violent clash: when Gabor claimed that Adam was a negro, Benson clouted him. After two further physical altercations – between Benson and Cassel and Cassel and Gabor respectively – the three Jesuses conducted themselves peaceably for the rest of the experiment. However, they stuck to their guns on the question of who they believed themselves to be. Only Gabor, presumably influenced by the smack in the mouth Benson gave him, changed his mind about Adam, conceding that he might not, after all, have been Black.
After two months, Rokeach let the three men lead the discussions. Each of them in turn chaired the daily meetings, chose the topic for discussion and handed out the daily cigarette ration. They covered a broad spectrum of subjects: films, communism and religion, for example, but never touched on the question of their own identity again. And if one of them just happened to mention in passing that he was God, the others deftly changed the subject.
Yet all this did nothing to shake the conviction of each of them that he was the real Christ. Gabor showed the hospital staff his handwritten visiting card, on which he had inscribed: ‘Dr Domino dominorum et Rex rexarum, Simplis Christianus Puer Mentalis Doctor, reincarnation of Jesus Christ of Nazareth'.
However, in a surprise move in January 1960, about six months after the first meeting, Gabor changed his name. Now the visiting card read: ‘Dr Righteous Idealed Dung Sir Simplis Christianus Puer Mentalis Doctor.
"What do you want us to call you?" asked Rokeach.
"If you want to say Dr Dung, sir, that's your privilege," replied Gabor.
This name caused some difficulties in the clinic. The nurses refused to call a patient ‘Dung', but Gabor wouldn't answer to any other name. Finally, he and the matron settled on the name ‘R.I.', from ‘Righteous Idealed'.
Rokeach immediately asked himself whether the name change betokened a change of identity on Gabor's part. But in all likelihood his motivation was simply to remove himself from the firing line and remove any grounds for further confrontation.
In the course of the experiment, Rokeach deliberately intervened on several occasions in an attempt to learn more about what made the men tick. For instance, he proposed taking their stated identities at face value and differentiating between them by calling Cassel ‘Mr God' and Benson ‘Mr Christ'. The men turned this suggestion down. They were evidently well aware that no-one except them shared their conviction, and that an official name change would only cause more problems. Another time he read them an article about the experiment from the local paper. Rokeach then asked Benson:
"Do you know who they are?"
"No, I don't," replied Benson.
"Do you have any idea?"
"No, their names aren't in the article".
"What about the one who's better?" asked Rokeach, meaning Gabor.
"He is not wasting his time trying to be Jesus Christ."
"Why is it a waste of time?"
Benson stuttered a little as he responded: "Why should a man try to be somebody else, when he's not even himself? Why can't he be himself?"
Later in this discussion, Benson made it clear that he thought the three men in the article belonged in a mental hospital.
In April 1960, Gabor announced that he was waiting for a letter to arrive from his wife. Rokeach immediately spotted an opportunity to broaden the experiment, since the wife only existed in Gabor's imagination: he had never been married. Rokeach wanted to find out whether really believed in her existence, and if so, whether he would renounce his false identity if she asked him to. And so he began writing Gabor letters that he signed ‘sincerely Madame Dr R.I. Dung'.
Gabor really was convinced that he had a wife. He dutifully went to the meeting-places mentioned in the letters, where of course she never showed up. About a week after the first letter, he explained to Rokeach that his wife was actually God. Rokeach, alias Madame Dr R.I. Dung, also issued instructions in the letters he sent, telling Gabor for example to sing a particular song or share his money with the other men. At the beginning, he dutifully followed his wife's orders, though he never complied with his wife's request to drop the name Dr R. I. Dung.
On 15 August 1961, two years after their first meeting, the three Christs of Ypsilanti – which incidentally was also the title of Rokeach's book on the experiment – met for the last time. Rokeach had abandoned all hope of returning them to normality through therapy. He had also recognized that the three men preferred simply to live in peace with one another rather than trying to resolve the matter of their identities once and for all.
back to 10 Weirdest Experiments Ever
Anti Air Mech: 2 Gladius
This is a Flak mech with one hell of a powerfull shield. after I put one on my last mech (which wasn't intended to have one) i found out how good they were. And the design of this one does its job very well.
The main side plate is 3 cubes thick of pure armor. able to block aproxamately 8 rail shots before failing and 5 plasma voleys. (though it takes a lot of damage types at once most of the time). and it will protect the gun up until the point it finally falls appart.
The front corner is the thickest part of the plate. being 4-5 cubes thick able to take the most damage. its the thickest part since that's going to be the first thing to start blocking the weapon thus it needs the protection.
the Lower plate is a thinner 2 cube thick plate that is meant to adsorb damage heading towards the legs. its a less targeted area so it is only 2 cubes thick to reserve CPU for the upper and frontal corner shield. it takes minor damage but that's all it needs to do.
Overall the Shield is a very strong tool to use to adsorb fire that would most of the time hit the vital flak cannon. and lets me adsorb even entire missile voleys and shoot back.
It also includes a radar array since I had some extra CPU. help me see past mountians.
The Emmys rotate among the four broadcast networks, and each usually picks a host from within its own ranks. Two years ago, Fox selected Andy Samberg, the star of its comedy “Brooklyn Nine-Nine;” four years ago, CBS chose Neil Patrick Harris, who was staring in its sitcom “How I Met Your Mother.”
Mr. Corden, Mr. Colbert's late-night counterpart at CBS, hosted last year's Tonys, which had ratings highs. At last year's Emmys, Mr. Colbert's show was snubbed altogether in the best variety category while Mr. Corden's “The Late Late Show” picked up a nomination. (The award went to John Oliver for his HBO show, “Last Week Tonight.”)
Still, there are some signs that Mr. Colbert's show is picking up steam, especially with the Trump administration in its earliest days. On Friday, the day of the inauguration, Mr. Colbert had his best ratings in over a year.
I find list making a nerdly and generally tedious proposition, but TotalFilm made a movie-related list and it hit the Reddit front page, so I thought I could post it and we could just skip to the part where we argue about it. That's the only reason people like lists, right? KNIVES OUT! I'LL CUT YOU IF YOU DON'T AGREE WITH ME, FAGTROLL! LIGHTNING BOLT! LIGHTNING BOLT!
TotalFilm‘s list of the 50 Greatest Films You'll Only Watch Once:
The Birth Of A Nation (1915)
The Machinist (2004)
Elephant (2003)
Jude (1996)
American History X (1998)
The Mist (2007)
Breaking The Waves (1996)
Solaris (1972)
Un Chien Andalou (1928)
A Woman Under The Influence (1974)
The Elephant Man (1980)
Dead Man Walking (1995)
They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (1969)
Biutiful (2010)
Hotel Rwanda (2004)
The Seventh Seal (1957)
Boys Don't Cry (1999)
Sophie's Choice (1982)
The Road (2009)
Mirror (1975)
Downfall (2004)
Make Way For Tomorrow (1937)
The Travelling Players (1975)
La Strada (1954)
Blue Valentine (2010)
Battleship Potemkin (1925)
City Of Life And Death (2009)
Straw Dogs (1971)
Happiness (1998)
Inland Empire (2006)
Antichrist (2009)
Precious (2009)
Lilya 4-Ever (2002)
Tyrannosaur (2011)
Leaving Las Vegas (1995)
Gone With The Wind (1939)
The Blair Witch Project (1999)
Grave Of The Fireflies (1988)
Audition (1999)
Henry: Portrait Of A Serial Killer (1986)
Schindler's List (1993)
Nil By Mouth (1997)
Come And See (1985)
Sátántangó (1994)
Salo (1975)
Requiem For A Dream (2000)
Martyrs (2008)
Irreversible (2002)
Funny Games (1997)
Shoah (1985)
Well, I agree with some of them – Dead Man Walking, Leaving Las Vegas, Hotel Rwanda, Downfall – all films I remember as being good, but I think proved their point by me only seeing them once. But I've seen Happiness and American History X and Un Chien Andalou like a billion times. Birth of a Nation I watch once a year on my birthday (I kid, I kid).
Other films, I disagree with calling “great” – Elephant is awful, for instance. Van Sant makes a Columbine movie that isn't really about Columbine that people call “lyrical” because it doesn't really have a point. It's just wallowing in a tragedy that they don't even have the balls to call by name while offering no real insight into the event and calling it art. Blegh. I'll smell my own farts, thank you. Precious was just tacky and embarrassing (though Mo'Nique is brilliant). As for Solaris, I'm one of the few that liked the Clooney version, but my only list that Andrei Tarkovsky films would make would be The 50 Greatest Films That I Tried to Watch Like 12 Times But Always Fell Asleep Because the Camera Was Too Far Away and I Couldn't Even Tell What the Hell Was Going On. I know at least two and a half people reading this are with me on that one, am I right, fellas?! And yo, don't you hate it when French New Wave muhf*ckas be all obtuse and non-linear with they juxtapositions and sh*t? WOOF WOOF WOOF… /Def Film Major Jam
[ReditForward explains their choices here]
Why?
In ASP.NET MVC, applications are divided into horizontal layers, which is reflected in the project structure:
Controllers
Views
Models
Scripts
Style
It's a good idea to divide you application into logical parts. While the idea of horizontal slices might look like a good idea, in practice I have noticed that it's not necessarily the only way and more often than not, not the best way. Why not?
The following is a diagram of how a standard MVC application is structured:
From the diagram above, you can see that our application has 5 layers (the standard MVC ones) and then probably a few other ones, depending on the application. Cutting through these layers are the features: all of them have styles, scripts, views, controllers and models.
There are a few reasons why this separation does not make sense:
Changes usually happen vertically, not horizontally. As an example, if you need to add a field to your database, you need to add it to your model, do some validation in the controller, display it in the view, style it in your CSS and do something funky with it in JavaScript.
When you make horizontal slices, you automatically limit your application to the same model over all the slices. It's weird to have one controller that accesses the database directly and another that first goes through another layer. Because you have layered the application, everything is suddenly layered. In a vertically structured application you can choose which paradigm to use for each part of the application. Even though it doesn't physically limit you from mixing it up, it certainly pushes you in that direction (and I have seen those exact guidelines on several projects).
From a purely practical point of view, it's very difficult having all these files that relate to the same feature in different folders.
It's an arbitrary structure. From the diagram above, you can see that the natural structure our application wants to have is vertical (all our features are vertical), but the actual structure is horizontal.
A better way to structure an application would be in vertical layers. We want all code belonging to a feature to sit together in a vertical slice (also called a feature slice) so it's easy to work on that specific feature. That allows us to work in a very tight scope and makes our solution explorer work for us, instead of having to swap between folders all the time. A more optimal structure would look like this:
In the above diagram, you can see that our slices are following the natural structure of the application. Furthermore, if we go one level deeper, we see that not all slices have controllers, not all of them depend on a domain (why do you need a domain model for content rendering?). That means we can tailor our code to exactly what is needed for that part of the application. A folder structure could look like this:
Features -> Users - users.css - users.js - UserController.cs - Index.cshtml - Detail.cshtml -> Search - search.css - search.js - SearchController.cs - Index.cshtml -> Content - about-us.html - content.css -> Invoicing - invoices.css - invoices.js - InvoiceController.cs - InvoiceViewModel.cs - Invoice.cs Styles - layout.css Scripts - app.js
In the above folder structure you can see that:
Working on a feature can be done by just opening one folder and modifying only the files in that folder, so you have less context switching going on
Some features may have more or less horizontal layers
Even scripts and CSS live in the same folder as the server-side code
I have used this structure in several projects and even though the code complexity is the same (you still need the same amount and type of code), I found that the perceived complexity is dramatically lower. Since the scope seems smaller, it feels like the application is just a bunch of smaller apps working together (under a shared structure, but still).
How?
Even though ASP.NET MVC comes standard in a horizontal flavor, it's actually relatively simple to change this.
Controllers
If you use attribute routing, controllers are very easy, you can just move them wherever you want and they will still work. Yay, that was easy.
Models
Another easy one, just move them around at will, change a couple of namespaces and you're done.
Views
Views are a bit trickier. By convention MVC looks for them under Views –> ControllerName or under Views –> Shared . To change this, we need to swap out the ViewEngine . That may sound difficult, but it's actually rather simple. For the folder structure above, you can create the following class:
public class FeatureViewLocationRazorViewEngine : RazorViewEngine { public FeatureViewLocationRazorViewEngine() { var featureFolderViewLocationFormats = new[] { "~/Features/{1}/{0}.cshtml", "~/Features/Shared/Views/{0}.cshtml" }; ViewLocationFormats = featureFolderViewLocationFormats; MasterLocationFormats = featureFolderViewLocationFormats; PartialViewLocationFormats = featureFolderViewLocationFormats; } }
Once you have this class, you can substitute the standard ViewEngine with this one in your global.asax :
ViewEngines.Engines.Clear(); ViewEngines.Engines.Add(new FeatureViewLocationRazorViewEngine());
Scripts
For scripts, we will have a shared part, which will still live in the default location (think about common modules for the entire application) and then there will be scripts that are specific to each feature. Those will live in the feature folders. Using ES6 modules makes this easy since you can use a bundler to bundle and minify everything. Because of the way modules work, it will automatically bundle all the scripts that are referenced from your entry point. Here's an example of how something like that might work:
In the /scripts folder I have a file called app.js , which is my main point of entry. I trigger general modules from here and then based on the URL, I also trigger specific JS-files:
// Need to go 1 level up and into the feature folders import ContactForm from '../Features/Contact/contact.js'; import Search from '../Features/Search/search.js'; import Users from './../Features/Users/logon.js'; import Invoices from './../Features/Invoices/invoices.js'; // this is a shared module that lives in the same directory import Analytics from './analytics.js'; // This module always gets called, regardless of the page new Analytics(); // Based on the path we activate a different module var path = document.location.pathname.toLowerCase(); if(path.indexOf('contact') !== -1){ new ContactForm(); } if(path.indexOf('search') !== -1){ new Search(); } if(path.indexOf('invoices') !== -1){ new Invoices(); } if(path.indexOf('logon') !== -1){ new Users(); }
Once you have the main entry point in place, you can use Gulp to bundle and minify all of this into a single file:
gulp.task('js', function () { return gulp.src('scripts/app.js') .pipe(jspm({ selfExecutingBundle: true })) .pipe(rename('app.min.js')) .pipe(gulp.dest('scripts')); });
I'm using JSPM here, but it would work with any other bundler.
Styles
For our style sheets, I'm also going to use Gulp. In this example, I will be using SCSS because it allows me to include other files. First of all, I'm going to define my main entry point, let's call it style.scss , which will live under the /styles folder. In this file, I only include references to other files:
// These are shared files that live under the same directory import "base/*"; @import "layout/*"; // using a glob I also include all .scss file in the feature-folders @import "../Features/**/*.scss";
Note that I have used globs to include all files that are in the feature folders. This is not natively supported by most SCSS-compilers, but there's a plugin (sassGlob) for Gulp that makes this possible (I'm sure there are plugins for Grunt as well, if you prefer to use Grunt). The following Gulp-task will make sure that all SCSS-files are combined, compiled to CSS and minified into one file:
gulp.task('sass', function () { return gulp.src('styles/style.scss') .pipe(sassGlob()) // Need to use a gulp plugin to make sure globs work .pipe(sass())) .pipe(rename({ suffix: '.min' })) .pipe(gulp.dest('styles')); });
Conclusion
I find feature slices to be a huge improvement over the standard structure of an MVC-application. With a bit of infrastructure code this is easy to set up and it makes working with large application a lot easier.
“Top of the Lake: China Girl” got the Cannes Film Festival treatment on Tuesday with a six-episode marathon screening that had a packed house of cinephiles enjoying some binge TV on the big screen.
The twisty thriller from co-directors Jane Campion and Ariel Kleiman boasts another knockout turn by Elisabeth Moss as Detective Robin Griffin and stellar work from Nicole Kidman as a mother dealing with a volatile teenage daughter. There are also plenty of surprises, gorgeous cinematography, a compelling Australian urban backdrop, and a mystery that keeps audiences guessing until the credits roll on the final episode. Fans of the 2013 original won't be disappointed when the second season airs in the U.S. on Sundance this September.
Without spoiling the big reveals, here are five things to expect from “Top of the Lake's” return.
1. Robin is in a very bad place
It's been four years since the events of “Top of the Lake,” and time has not healed Robin's wounds. When the second series begins, she's trying to recover from a breakup with her caddish fiancé, tossing back one six pack after another, struggling to get her career back on track after taking a break from the force, suffering from nightmares, and barreling toward a breakdown. Things are not going well.
Related The Best Fashion at Cannes 2018 Alejandro G. Iñárritu Named Cannes Jury President
She's also dealing with the guilt from having given up a daughter for adoption 17 years ago. Her efforts to get back in touch with the child she could not raise help set the plot in motion.
2. A whole new setting
The first season took place in a remote corner of New Zealand. The forests and mountain ranges were almost another character. Here, the setting shifts to Sydney — a city of skyscrapers, slums, cliffs, freeways, and sandy beaches. The move gives “China Girl” a grittier, noir-ish feel that keeps it fresh.
3. It's dark … very dark
Oh boy, does “China Girl” go to some bleak places. There are prostitution rings, illegal surrogacies, graphic autopsies, a dead woman's corpse stuck in a suitcase, and the creepiest boyfriend ever put on screen (apologies to David Dencik, who plays the kind of older suitor that keeps parents up at night). There's some mordant wit, to be sure, but “China Girl” is not for the faint of stomach.
4. Elisabeth Moss and Gwendoline Christie have the best chemistry
Moss has to deliver the kind of emotional pyrotechnics that win Emmys, but Christie steals the show as her awkward, hero-worshipping partner. She gets the best lines and delivers the biggest laughs. It's a refreshing change of pace for Christie, best known for her work as a morally upstanding knight on “Game of Thrones.” She's yin to Moss' yang. Get these women a buddy comedy!
5. It's all about the gender politics
Like “Prime Suspect” before it, “China Girl” is as much a “who done it” as it is an examination of workplace sexism. Robin Griffin is as good a detective as any man in her squad, but she has to deal with unwanted advances from co-workers and macho snickering when she tries to assert her authority. The film isn't just concerned with that kind of casual discrimination. It also looks at violence toward women in other forms, from sex trafficking to rape to prostitution. Despite that dark subject matter, at its core, “China Girl” is about motherhood — the bonds between a parent and a child, and the aching need to love and be loved.
Most detective stories are about men, this one's told from the women's point of view. It makes a difference.
Changes to Intel's microprocessor architecture are leading to dire predictions of doom and gloom for hardcore PC gamers.
Broadwell is the 14nm "shrink" of the Haswell microarchitecture, which is the successor to Ivy Bridge architecture present in Intel's Core series of CPUs, none of which is particularly relevant to anyone but the most die-hard PC nerds. But this may be: According to reports, Broadwell will not be released in an LGA package - that is, a chip that can be inserted into and removed from sockets - but instead will come soldered directly to motherboards. Even for just casual PC fans, that's bad news.
The move signals a possible power-grab by Intel, as it will put the squeeze on motherboard makers and OEM chip buyers. As Semiaccurate suggests, Intel could be pursuing a long-term strategy of cutting out third-party manufacturers and moving toward a scenario where it handles virtually everything itself: CPU, motherboard and integrated audio and video. For the hardcore PC types, no socketable CPU means an effective end to custom-built PCs for any purpose, gaming or otherwise.
The one glimmer of good news is the likelihood that Skylake, Broadwell's planned successor, will be socket-based. But that will last for just one or two generations and according to the report, "increasing integration will make this minor backpedaling step a rather moot point, there won't be anything left to tweak and any headroom will have been screened out at the fab prior to fuses being blown."
Is the end of the PC as we know it really in the offing? AMD could step into the breach but with less than 20 percent of the CPU market under its control as of the end of 2011, it doesn't have the muscle to prop up a robust support industry. "Dead" isn't necessarily dead, but the future of the PC isn't looking too bright.
Source: Semiaccurate
About 41% of Canadians would support abolishing the Senate, Ottawa's greatest wellspring of gossip, scandal and outrage. Another 45% want it reformed, while only 14% think it should be left as it is, according to an Angus Reid Institute poll.
“The status quo is not an option,” said Shachi Kurl, senior vice-president of Angus Reid, which conducted the poll in March.
Fewer than one in five respondents acknowledged they are actually following Senate issues in the news, but that obscurity is likely to lift this week as the rules of Senate business are put under intense judicial scrutiny in an Ottawa courtroom, where suspended senator Mike Duffy's fraud trial begins Tuesday.
The Duffy case coincides with the sexual assault case against suspended senator Patrick Brazeau, which will resume next month; with a criminal investigation into the expenses of suspended senator Pamela Wallin; and an investigation by the auditor general of the expenses of other senators. News that three dozen have been asked to explain questionable expenses also led to a memorable exchange last week between Senator Nancy Ruth and journalists, in which she responded to questions about her meal expenses by lamenting the quality of airplane breakfasts of “ice cold Camembert and broken crackers.”
Only 16% of poll respondents said their views of the Senate will inform their vote in the coming election, expected in the fall. This could change, however, if the revelations of the Duffy trial are as sensational as they have been built up to be, or if more scandal emerges from the auditor general's report, expected in June.
“It does't take just complaints about cold cheese to see that Canadians want change,” Ms. Kurl said. “The question to watch going forward will be at what effort and cost. We've tried big constitutional changes in the past, and that becomes this very fraught, complex process.”
There is an interesting historical trend to the numbers, which suggests support for abolition might have peaked in November 2013, after months of revelations about the role played by the Prime Minister Stephen Harper's then chief of staff, Nigel Wright, in the Duffy saga. Then, a solid 50% voted for abolition, and a mere 7% said it should stay as it is. At the time, reform attracted about the same level of support as it does now.
A few months later, the Supreme Court of Canada clarified the strict limits and conditions on any Senate reform, ruling that the consent of seven provinces and half the country's population is required to set term limits or allow senators to be elected, and unanimous provincial consent for abolition.
“We're essentially stuck with the status quo for the time being,” said Mr. Harper in response.
The Angus Reid poll found no federal leader inspires great confidence on the matter, with a solid third of respondents answering “none of the above” to a question about which leader they trust most to deal with Senate issues. Those who picked an actual leader were evenly split among Stephen Harper, Tom Mulcair and Justin Trudeau.
Mr. Trudeau kicked Liberal senators out of his caucus last year in a bid to insulate his party against the turmoil the Conservatives are still enduring, but that move did not seem to boost his leadership numbers on the file, Ms. Kurl said.
In this poll, the vote for abolition was strongest in Quebec, Manitoba and Saskatchewan, where it constituted a slim majority.
People who have voted NDP in the past are the most staunch abolitionists. People who have voted Conservative in the past are evenly split between abolition and reform. A majority of Liberal voters, on the other hand, would prefer to see the Senate reformed.
Some of the strongest divisions were on age, with older people twice as likely to support abolition. Young people were three times as likely to support the Senate as it is, at 23% compared to 7% for those older than 55. Women were twice as likely as men to favour the status quo, at 20% to 9%.
The online poll of 1,500 Canadian adults was conducted March 11-12.
National Post
• Email: jbrean@nationalpost.com | Twitter: JosephBrean
Share Pinterest
Email
The fifth owner of the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT in which "Fast and the Furious" actor Paul Walker and the car's owner and driver, Roger Rodas, were killed was IndyCar driver and avid car collector Graham Rahal.
The car had six different owners since it was new.
Rodas' Always Evolving car shop was the sixth owner. The fifth owner appears to have been Rahal, who fit the car with the distinctive black alloy wheels -- replacing the stock silver wheels -- that made the car so recognizable at Southern California car events.
Rahal bought the car in Florida, and another Florida dealer apparently sold it to Rodas and his company. Rahal traded the car in for a Ferrari, and it was a Ferrari dealer who sold the Carrerra to Rodas.
Rahal had the Carrera GT for a year.
"I get bored with cars pretty quickly," he said in a story published earlier this year. "The Carrera GT is just harder to drive, and I drive my cars a lot. Nothing that I have will not be used. Every car that I have will be driven a lot. I have two cars that are old that don't get used that often, but that is rare."
Rahal compared the Carrera GT to a 2010 Ferrari 599 GTO. Some of his observations and his descriptions of how difficult the Carrera was to drive are chilling in light of the crash.
"It says it has traction control, but that traction control on that car is not going to do a thing to save you," Rahal said. "And that's what I love about it. Part of me is very happy about it and part of me regrets it. It was a great, great car.
"With the GTO, the noise, the shifts, the fact that it's still evolving, with the dual-clutch gearboxes these days, you don't even feel it shift. I'm not really a fan of that," he says. "I like to feel that you're interacting with the car. This [GTO] still has the old style, so you can feel it shift. That's what I personally enjoy about it, whereas a lot of the new cars you can't feel it at all. To me it becomes more like you're driving a computer than driving a car.
"The carbon clutch, things like that are a challenge, whereas the 599 you hop in, off you go. It's pretty simple," he said. "But if I was insanely wealthy and could have 10 supercars, a Carrera GT would be one. I would have to be somewhat of a garage queen, because long-term, I think that is a fantastic investment. I think that the Porsche collectors would agree."
Team Sky have unveiled their new team vehicle – the long-awaited 'Sportbrake' estate version of the Jaguar XF. The squad will take delivery of two cars in June and the rest of the fleet will be delivered later in the year when Jaguar – who've announced a three-year renewal of their support of the team – take the car into full production.
Jaguar introduced the Sportbrake at the Geneva motor show last month to positive reception from the motoring press. It's unabashedly a practical luxury car with features such as self-levelling rear air suspension, 1,675 litres of load space (with the remote-lever rear seats folded) and extra headroom in the rear over the XF saloon. Plus of course, more leather seatage, wood finish and deep carpeting than you can shake a ski pole at. Oh, and there's a hatch in the rear seats for your skis too.
What's interesting is that this isn't just a case of a sponsor painting a few cars in team colours and handing them over. Some of Jaguar's design and engineering team were at the launch and were genuinely excited at getting feedback on their new baby from a team whose cars often cover 100,000 miles each in a year. Factor in the range of conditions a team car has to endure, from the mud and cobbles of Paris-Roubaix to chasing the peloton down the Alps on 40°C summer days, and you have some serious real-world testing.
Jaguar's chief programme engineer for the XF, Andy Whyman, told BikeRadar that he'd been working with the team to make sure that the car closely matched their needs. Jaguar engineers will be paying close attention to tuning the suspension for race conditions, Whyman said. While we were talking, an impromptu brainstorming session got underway, with ideas kicked around such as fitting the team cars with a rear seat comfort package usually only supplied to the Chinese market, where cars like the XF are often used as chauffeur-driven vehicles.
Even the riders seem thrilled at having new rides. Mark Cavendish and Juan-Antonio Flecha were present at the launch, and Flecha observed that the car was an important part of the team, as the rolling HQ on the road. The Sportbrake's LED running light, and distinctive team livery would make it easier to spot in the caravan for riders waiting for tech support, he said. Check out our image gallery for lots more pictures of Team Sky's Jaguar XF Sportbrake.
The canopy had previously been touted as a possible long-term replacement for the Halo concept being developed by Mercedes and Ferrari and that was previously viewed as the only realistic option for next year.
However, Red Bull has fast-tracked its canopy development to the point where, following discussions in the last meeting of the FIA's Halo Working Group on April 6, it has now become a viable alternative for next season.
A prototype will be tested by the FIA on Friday and, if it shows promise, its introduction for 2017 will be put on the agenda for discussions at the next meeting of the Strategy Group and F1 Commission on April 26.
Unexpected progress
Speaking exclusively to Motorsport.com, Whiting said: "I think it's fair to say that when it was initially presented it was in its infancy.
"However Red Bull have done a great job of getting it to the point now where it will be tested this week.
"This is something that I don't think we expected to happen. But as it has, we have got to take it seriously. If it performs as well as the Halo in testing there's no reason why we can't present it as a potential solution to the Strategy Group and F1 Commission."
Sochi test
If the FIA tests this week go well, then the plan is for it to be fitted to the Red Bull RB12 for an installation lap in FP1 in Sochi on April 28, in order to get feedback from drivers, and from the F1 world in general.
The FIA has agreed in principle to it being tried on a race weekend as a test item, pending the results of this week's impact tests.
Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat have already sampled it in the Milton Keynes simulator, and both have expressed their support.
It does not have the forward vision issue associated with the halo, and the side pillars at the front are designed to line up with mirror mounting stalks.
No rush
A definitive decision on whether the Halo or canopy are incorporated in the 2017 regulations does not necessarily have to be made by the current deadline for the rest of the technical regulations by April 30.
The two devices share common mounting point positions, and thus teams can embark on the development of their chassis without having to know which will be used.
However, there are obvious implications for aerodynamics, so a final decision cannot be left for too long.
Friday's testing will involve a 20kg wheel/hub assembly being fired at the canopy at 225km/h, the same test that was previously applied to the Halo, which was tested both straight-on and at 45 degrees.
It is understood that two different gauges of the transparent material – the same sort of polycarbonate used in the windscreens of WEC cars – will be tested.
Whiting believes that the canopy could become the preferred option.
"As it mounts in roughly the same positions as the halo then as far as I can see there is no reason why it couldn't be considered as a viable alternative," he said. "What we would hope for next week is to know which direction the teams would prefer to take.
"I think they are open to anything. I don't think that anyone is wedded to the idea of the Halo. It's frontal protection that we're after, and we want the one that offers the best protection to the drivers, and is the most practical application. I think it stands as good a chance as the Halo."
Key tests
In addition to the impact tests, the canopy will have to meet other criteria to which the Halo has already been subjected.
"A risk assessment is being done on various accident scenarios – getting injured drivers out and that sort of thing has to be assessed. In all these cases you have to weigh up the pros and cons," Whiting added.
There is also the extra question of how visibility could be affected by rain and oil on the screen, which was not an issue for the halo.
Although it has yet to be discussed in detail, the likelihood is that the canopy will become a standard part that will be identical on all cars. Whether it will be made by a third party supplier, or by the teams to a standard design, is yet to be determined.
However, the fact that teams don't have expert knowledge of polycarbonate suggest that the screens at the very least could be made by a specialist.
Whiting added: "We haven't talked about the canopy, but certainly the initial talks about the Halo were that it should be a standard part, because we don't want people going off and optimising them for performance reasons. We want everyone to be in the same boat."
Fan response
In the end what is most likely to build support for the canopy is the negative reaction that was generated when Ferrari ran the halo in Barcelona testing.
Its looks did not prove popular with fans or F1 insiders, whereas drawings of the Red Bull solution have had a generally positive response, and both Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat have given the real thing a thumbs-up.
"Personally I would say the canopy is more aesthetically pleasing solution," said Whiting. "But it's only a matter of taste.
"However, if both solutions perform equally well in testing I would be surprised if there's an overwhelming desire to keep the Halo."
A flurry of stories has emerged from Gothenburg, Sweden, where Rabbi Alexander and Leah Namdar—co-directors of Chabad-Lubavitch of Sweden since 1991—have been defending their right to homeschool their four youngest children (ages 7 to 13). Their current court case is the latest in a series of legal cases that began in 2011 (previously, they had lost in the district court, won in the appeals court and then lost before the Supreme Court).
Living in a country with approximately 15,000 Jews among wider population of nearly 10 million—many of whom are affiliated with the Church of Sweden, but most of whom profess atheism—the Namdars already won an important Supreme Court victory in 2004, when they established that a Jewish school was allowed to function even without the usual minimum of 20 students. Now they seek to extend that provision to allow for homeschooling as well.
Despite the challenges their family faces, the Namdars remain hopeful. “Sweden has to begin respecting the values, morals and belief of a one true G‑d,” asserts Rabbi Namdar, “and all the rest will automatically fall into place.”
RELATED
Leah Namdar shares her perspective—and challenges—educationally and legally, in addition to what keeps her and her family going.
Q: First, some background. You and your husband are the parents of 11 children. How did this suddenly become an issue?
A: Interestingly, it began after we appeared on a Swedish documentary about belief of G‑d called “From Sweden to Heaven.” Filmmakers had been recording in our home for a week. The film aired three times on the main TV channel here and was viewed by millions of people, and was very well-received, thank G‑d. People were stopping us on the street and telling us how it had gotten them to rethink the concept of belief in G‑d, which was meaningful in the secular, often atheistic, culture in Sweden.
Sweden allows homeschooling for families that provide a special reason; the Namdars' reason is for religious principles, which is being debated. In addition to their schooling, the kids get plenty of time outdoors as well.
Shortly thereafter, we got a call from the city educational authorities. They said: “We saw you on TV.” We asked how they liked it, and they coldly informed us that they now have more questions than answers, and that they had decided we were no longer able to homeschool our children and needed to enroll them in public school.
Q: Can you please explain the laws pertinent to this case?
A: Sweden allows homeschooling for families that provide a special reason. Thank G‑d, it has also been established early on in the trial that we are giving our children a well-rounded and robust education. The issue here is that the city wishes to argue that religious principles are not a valid reason for us to customize our children's education—and that's preposterous.
It's against the constitution of Sweden; it's against U.N. [United Nations] and E.U. [European Union] law; it's against the Geneva Convention; and it flies in the face of the beliefs of religious freedom that's the foundation of Western society as we know it. Most importantly, denial of religious freedom comes dangerously close to undermining the concept of belief in G‑d, which is the foundation of any society, regardless of race and religion.
In fact, one of the people who worked on the original policy, Guy Linderman, who is active in politics here and a dear friend of ours, told us that this is a distortion of the policy, whose primary purpose is to ensure that children of immigrants receive an education—not to infringe upon our right to give our children an education.
Around the table with friends at the Chabad House . The Namdars, who have 11 children, have been living and working in Sweden since 1991.
Q: Please describe your children's educational program.
A: The children's school day begins at 8:15 a.m. and ends at 4 p.m., with some lessons in the evening, too. They first pray and then join their classmates at the International Shluchim Online School. The lessons are in English (in addition to Swedish, our children are fluent in Yiddish, English and Hebrew), and that continues until the afternoon. We supplement the online school classes with Swedish lessons, physical education, music, sport, dance and other usual subjects. They have a well-rounded and balanced education.
Our grown children currently serve in leadership positions as educators in Jewish communities abroad, and it's largely a credit to the type of education that we make sure they get that qualifies them for these roles. There's no doubt that the online school provides them with a cosmopolitan experience and exposes them to the world far beyond the confines of a typical Swedish school.
Education is very important to us. As Chabad shluchim [emissaries], we represent Merkos L'Inyonei Chinuch—the educational arm of the Chabad-Lubavitch movement—and our work in Sweden involves the education of both children and adults. My husband and I both teach. My husband had also taught in New York and Australia, and here in Sweden. Before coming to Sweden, I taught in London and New York, and have worked educating children for 24 years here in Sweden.
The rabbi plays a little chess with the younger children after a day of study and as part of family time.
Q: How have you and your family been coping with the negativity associated with the case?
A: We made a decision early on that this challenge should not cast a shadow over our children's childhood. Yes, this has been a tremendous harassment; we've been dragged into court and are facing legal fees, but we have the Rebbe's [Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson, of righteous memory] teachings that give us a lot of strength, and we know it's not about our kids, but a bigger issue of respecting religion in Sweden.
In my mind, I constantly hear the Rebbe's voice ringing in my ears. In his first Chassidic discourse in 1951, he discusses our mission—an extension of the mission of Abraham—to bring G‑dly awareness to the world at large, and to do so to the degree that the very world will call out in the name of G‑d.
When we were in court this past time, as part of our testimony, we explained the Seven Noahide Laws and how every single person has the moral obligation to make this world a place where G‑d will feel at home.
If for nothing else, our ordeal is helping bring these concepts and the notion of religion in general into public discourse, and that's a good thing.
Going over some schoolwork with a friend. The children's school day begins at 8:15 a.m. and ends at 4 p.m., with some lessons in the evening as well.
Q: Have the children been to court?
A: No, the children do not attend court. But on the screen outside the courtroom, where the docket is displayed, our children are named as defendants. The verse in Torah says, “Do not touch my anointed ones,” which refers to Jewish children.
Q: What support have you received from the community?
A: People in the Jewish community here who know us have been supportive, hoping for our success, and that gives us strength. There is a group of homeschoolers in Sweden who want to raise their children with belief in G‑d and are experiencing similar harassment, many of them Christian. They are watching the outcome of our case with tremendous interest and hope for a positive outcome.
We've seen support on a parliamentary level as well. Annelie Enochson is a member of parliament who's been very concerned and a great source of help throughout our ordeal.
On an international level, there has been a tremendous outpouring of support. The judge showed us in the courtroom a huge stack of hundreds of letters from Jewish and non-Jewish leaders worldwide, from concerned friends and activists who appreciate that this is not a family on trial, but the rights of religious people to freely express those rights that's at stake here. We tremendously appreciate the efforts of all those who have lent support and have taken the time to write to the court.
One of the Namdar girls, left, studies with a friend. The children are social through their online school and with all of the activities at the Chabad House.
Q: What is your concluding message? What do you want readers to take away from your predicament?
A: The foundation of a healthy society is a belief in G‑d, and that is what we imparted to the court. Seventy-five years ago, there was a nation here in Europe whose people were educated; had tabled manners and etiquette; listened to Beethoven, Mozart and Bach; and followed the laws of their land. Yet they were able to create an Auschwitz. Their laws included destroying 6 million Jews! The reason this was possible is because they took G‑d and Divine morality out of the system, and they became a nation of obedient murderers.
To believe in G‑d means to cherish life and all of His creations—to respect others, the elderly, the children. To appreciate the beautiful world He created, and to study and become part of the people who are an asset to society, and in making the world a better place through acts of goodness and kindness.
The world is a place that is a garden for G‑d. Through recognizing the different needs that people have, we are appreciating that each one of us is playing another piece in the great symphony of humankind.
To help support the cause of religious freedom in Sweden, click here.
See Mrs. Namdar telling her story here:
Getty Images
Seahawks safety Kam Chancellor said this week that he hasn't enjoyed taking a look at his film from earlier in the season because of the way he played while trying to battle through ankle, groin and hip injuries.
Chancellor missed a couple of games, but has been in the lineup for Seattle the last two weeks and he's putting better work on film. His work last Sunday in Seattle's 19-3 win over the Cardinals was good enough that the NFL named him the NFC defensive player of the week.
Chancellor didn't put up any gaudy numbers in the game, but he had eight tackles while the Seahawks were holding the Cardinals to just 204 yards over the course of an afternoon that left the Seahawks feeling like they had their swagger back.
Whatever Chancellor's issues are with his work earlier this season, it's not like he's always been off his game. He was also the NFC defensive player of the week for the third week of the season.
ABUJA/MAIDUGURI (Reuters) - Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan promised on Thursday to find more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist rebels, as the hostage crisis overshadowed his opening address to a conference designed to showcase investment opportunities in Africa's biggest economy.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan speaks during a Nigeria-Kenya bilateral business meeting in Abuja, May 5, 2014. Picture taken May 5, 2014. REUTERS/Afolabi Sotunde
Speaking at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in the capital Abuja, Jonathan thanked foreign nations including the United States, Britain, France and China for their support in trying to rescue the girls, who were kidnapped from a secondary school on April 14 by Boko Haram.
He also praised delegates for coming despite the danger posed by the militants, then quickly moved on to a speech about creating jobs in African economies.
“As a nation we are facing attack from terrorism,” Jonathan told delegates. “I believe that the kidnap of these girls will be the beginning of the end of terrorism in Nigeria.”
Despite such promises, Jonathan admitted on national television this week that he had no idea where the girls were.
The kidnappings and numerous other attacks by Boko Haram militants have overshadowed Nigeria's hosting of the forum, an annual gathering of the rich and powerful that replicates the one in Davos, Switzerland.
Security for the event was tight. Police and military trucks blocked off all roads leading to the Abuja Transcorp Hilton hotel, where the event was based. Soldiers patrolled the hotel's grounds and the perimeter with automatic weapons.
Parents of the kidnapped girls said troops had arrived in Chibok on a mission to find the girls.
“There are about three military helicopters hovering around our town and many soldiers have just arrived,” said Maina Chibok, who has a 16-year-old daughter with the rebels.
“They are moving and advancing toward the bush. We hope and they succeed in rescuing our daughters.”
France became the latest nation to offer help on Wednesday, saying it was boosting intelligence ties with Nigeria and sending security service agents there to tackle Boko Haram, the militant group which claimed the kidnapping.
In the latest big Islamist attack in Nigeria, 125 people were killed on Monday when gunmen rampaged through a town in the northeast near the Cameroon border.
A senator from Borno state, Ahmed Zannah, put the number killed at 300, although local politicians have sometimes been accused of exaggerating casualty figures for political reasons.
Either way, the scale and ferocity of the massacre in Gamburu again underscored how far Nigerian security forces are from protecting civilians in an increasingly violent region.
WAR CRIMES WARNING
On Tuesday, residents of another village in the remote northeastern area where the schoolgirls were kidnapped, said another eight girls were seized by suspected members of Boko Haram.
Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau has threatened to sell the girls abducted on April 14 from a secondary school in Chibok “on the market”, prompting a warning from the United Nations that this would make the perpetrators liable for war crimes.
Boko Haram's five-year-old insurgency is aimed at reviving a medieval Islamic caliphate in modern Nigeria, whose 170 million people are split roughly evenly between Christians and Muslims, and it is becoming by far the biggest security threat to Africa's top oil producer.
Al Azhar mosque in Egypt, an influential seat of Sunni Muslim learning, condemned the abductions as being against “the tolerant and noble teachings of Islam” and said it “holds the kidnappers responsible for any abuse or harm that befalls these girls”.
Last month's kidnapping occurred on the day a bomb blast, also claimed by Boko Haram, killed 75 people on the outskirts of Abuja, the first attack on the capital in two years. Another bomb nearby killed 19 people last week, prompting a few delegates to cancel their trips to the WEF.
The inability of security forces to protect the girls from being attacked or find them in more than three weeks has sparked national and international outrage and led to protests in Abuja and the commercial capital of Lagos.
Boko Haram has emerged in a region that is one of the world's poorest, with high infant mortality, low literacy and massive youth unemployment that creates easy recruits for radical Islam. Campaigners often call on the government do more to tackle the north's underdevelopment, which contrasts with a relatively prosperous, oil-rich and largely Christian south.
Acknowledging this, Africa's richest man, Aliko Dangote, said he would invest $2.3 billion in sugar and rice production in the north of the country, adding that creating employment was key to ending the insurgency there.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang gave a speech in which he promised “no strings” support for an African plan to develop a continent-wide high speed rail network, and said China has set aside $2 billion for an African Development Fund.
German Prof Fired After Having Class Calculate Statistical Relationship Between Muslims and Suicide Bombings
German Mathematics Professor Wolfgang Hebold was fired after asking students to calculate the relationship between the number of Muslims in a population and suicide bombings. He also asked students to calculate the rate of female genital mutilation in Egypt.
Statistician Wolfgang Hebold
The Berlin School of Economics apologized profusely for his Islamophobic assignment.
Via Vlad Tepes:
The Berlin School of Economics and Law (HWR) and the University of Applied Sciences (HTW) have both distanced themselves from mathematics lecturer Wolfang Hebold after complaints from students that he had used mathematical problems that were critical of Islam in his statistic courses. The HWR said Hebold had published, “discriminatory, xenophobic and misogynistic forum entries,” Junge Freiheit reports. According to one student in Berlin the professor had made them calculate the relationship between Muslim populations and suicide bombings saying “we were to calculate the statistical relationship between the number of terrorist attacks and the proportion of Muslims in the population.” Students were also asked to calculate the rate of female genital mutilation in Egypt.
0 of 32
Elaine Thompson/Associated Press
Week 6 of the NFL season opened without any undefeated teams, but the Jacksonville Jaguars and Oakland Raiders were looking for their first win of the year. Everyone else in between is essentially fighting for a playoff spot.
Tough divisional games in the AFC North and West and NFC West and East helped determine more of a pecking order through six weeks. And as the season moves along, it's becoming more and more clear that the top tier of teams is head and shoulders above the next group.
This was a good week for the elite playoff contenders in Dallas, Denver, Indianapolis and Green Bay. If you believe in the Lions, Patriots, 49ers, Ravens or a wild-card Cinderella-story team, this was also a good week.
Who is the best team in the NFL right now? That one is easy. Filling in the rest of the spots? Not so much.
Remember when Miami beach police were busted for using mug shots of black men for target practice? They're not the only ones with a racially charged practice routine.
A South Dakota vendor was banned from Sioux Falls' Collector's Classic Gun Show this weekend after selling racist targets among his merchandise.
The papers featured a caricatured profile of black man with the words “Official RUNNIN NIGGER Target” across the top. They were being sold for ten cents each.
Bob Campbell, the gun show's manager, told KSFY he was “disgusted” by the flyers. He assured reporters that the racist fliers were snuck in unbeknownst to organizers who examine all merchandise before it's set out.
A photographer from the news station asked the vendor why he decided to use those targets. The vendor responded, “Why aren't they there?” You know, there are some black people, and then there are some Negroes.”
“I sold 500 of them this weekend so what difference does it make,” the vendor went on to say. He was reportedly later banned from the gun show.
This comes after after a recent N word scandal at University of Oklahoma's Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity chapter. SAE brothers were filmed singing and chanting “There will never be another nigger in SAE.” The university has since shut down the fraternity chapter and expelled two students.
CNN invited rapper Trinidad James to speak Monday night, after a video of the SAE House Mom singing N word lyrics to James' song 'All Gold Everything' surfaced. James criticized the frat, and continued to explain that there are loving uses of the N word as there are hateful.
“We use the word because that's how we came up... When I call you that you do not feel that I hate you. It's love.”
Jarvan IV was once, without a doubt, the 'Prince of the Jungle'.
Throughout Season 3 and Season 4, he dominated the jungle in both professional and casual play. He was a highly-contested pick in the LCS, yet also a frequently recommended jungler for beginners. Jarvan IV's dominance was largely attributed to the AD jungle item, Spirit of the Elder Lizard, which complemented his strong ganking kit. His (E) Demacian Standard and (Q) Dragon Strike combo is both a gap closer and a hard-CC knock-up. If Jarvan fails to land the combo, he can still use the slow from his (W) Golden Aegis to chase down enemies. And of course, Jarvan's signature ability is his (R) Cataclysm, which can lock down entire teams and force enemies to use Flash. With all these tools, Jarvan's utility is comparable to the most popular ganking junglers, such as Elise and Lee Sin.
However, Jarvan IV's utility is not limited to crowd control. His Dragon Strike shreds enemy armor and his Demacian Standard buffs his allies' attack speed, dramatically amplifying the damage from his AD carries. This abundance of utility made Jarvan IV a favorable tank - on top of the shield from Golden Aegis, Jarvan could withstand enemy focus while fighting back with constant DPS from sources such as Martial Cadence, Spirit of the Elder Lizard, Red Buff, and Sunfire Cape.
Jarvan IV remained afloat in competitive play in Season 5 due to Ranger's Trailblazer, which provided a quick and healthy clear for many champions who could not otherwise survive in the jungle. But after the removal of Ranger's Trailblazer, he almost completely vanished from pro play. His solo queue winrate tanked below 45%. When pros decided to play Jarvan IV, they took him top more often than to the jungle. Luckily, after three seasons of continuous small buffs, he now teeters at a 50% winrate, dipping and rising with each new patch. Though traditionally meant as a bruiser jungler, Jarvan IV sees the most play as a full AD assassin, taking advantage of flat armor penetration (now named Lethality) items.
Strongest Starting Item
In the NA LCS, Apex's top laner Ray (Season 6) made a name for himself by playing assassin Jarvan IV on stage. He stacked armor penetration and Lethality items such as Youmuu's Ghostblade, Duskblade of Draktharr, and Black Cleaver. Once he hit mid-game, he showed a side of Jarvan many spectators had never seen. With a single combo, he deleted EnVyUs' ADC LOD again and again.
However, after the Lethality nerfs, is rushing Ghostblade (or Edge of Night/Duskblade) still the best option? Most AD bruisers start with items such as Black Cleaver or Titanic Hydra, while melee AD carries/assassins rush a Ravenous Hydra or Youmuu's Ghostblade. We will explore all 4 options on Jarvan IV. In an average game, a decently farming player should be able to obtain their first completed item at around level 7 or 8. Jarvan's burst combo is E->Q->R, an autoattack from Martial Cadence, and the active from Titanic or Ravenous Hydra, if he owns one. We will calculate Jarvan's damage versus a tank with a completed armor item as well as a squishy carry.
*Since Titanic and Ravenous cost 3500g, while Ghostblade and Cleaver cost 2900g and 3000g respectively, an extra 10 AD (one Long Sword) have been added to the Ghostblade and Cleaver calculations to even out the gold difference.
Jarvan IV's expected single-target burst with one item. T = Tank, C = Carry.
Titanic and Ravenous Hydra come out on top because of their Crescent active, which allows for at least another 100% AD worth of damage in a combo. Additionally, even versus a tank with ~50 bonus armor, Youmuu's Ghostblade is more effective than Black Cleaver, due to Ghostblade's higher AD and the shred from Jarvan IV's Dragon Strike.
Why does Titanic Hydra, a slightly defensive item, deal the same damage as Ravenous Hydra? The answer lies in Titanic Hydra's Crescent active, which is an autoattack reset with bonus damage. Titanic Hydra's active deals 40+[10% Max HP] bonus damage, added on top of a regular ~130 AD autoattack. Because of Titanic Hydra's early-game power, its active deals almost twice as much damage as Ravenous Hydra's active, enough to offset all the ability scaling from Ravenous Hydra's extra 40 AD.
Jarvan IV's average DPS with one item. T = Tank, C = Carry.
In our DPS calculation, we factor in our autoattack and Dragon Strike damage, taking cooldown reduction into account. We are also assuming Jarvan IV has landed Dragon Strike and shredded the enemy's armor. Previously, Titanic Hydra had the highest burst, but now loses in DPS, despite having a small %HP on-hit bonus. This because it not only has the lowest AD out of all the four items, but also has no CDR or penetration. On the other hand, Youmuu's Ghostblade has the strongest DPS, due to its high AD and Lethality.
Strongest Two-Item Build
For comparing two-item builds, we will add another item to each of our starters. The four builds are:
Titanic Hydra + Sunfire Cape: Built to engage and trap enemies in Cataclysm (guaranteeing Sunfire burn) and deal high burst with Titanic Hydra's active.
Ravenous Hydra + Youmuu's Ghostblade: High-risk assassin with high burst and splitpushing/AoE damage from Ravenous Hydra.
Youmuu's Ghostblade + Edge of Night: Safer assassin that can dominate 1v1s and pick off carries.
*Since Ghostblade + Edge is a slightly cheaper build than the others, an extra 10 AD (a Long Sword) has been added to its calculations.
Black Cleaver + Titanic Hydra: AoE Bruiser to shred multiple enemies with Titanic Hydra AoE + Black Cleaver passive.
Burst of a two-item build. Note that build #4 (Black Cleaver) now has a Titanic Hydra active.
Titanic Hydra + Sunfire Cape: While this build's burst begins to lag behind that of the other builds, it is still enough to chunk enemy squishies and tanks alike. Titanic Hydra scales off of HP, so it will continue to grow stronger if the player wishes to transition into a full tank build.
Black Cleaver + Titanic Hydra: Though Black Cleaver alone has mediocre burst, combining it with Titanic Hydra creates a dangerous combo. With the two items combining for 850 bonus HP, the active on Titanic Hydra puts this build's burst on par with the full AD builds. On top of this, it gives Jarvan a lot of teamfight utility for his AD carry, as he can potentially shred all 5 enemies.
DPS of a two-item build. Sunfire Cape's burn is accounted for.
As expected, the full AD builds come out with the highest DPS. While the tankier builds deal less DPS, they will keep Jarvan IV alive longer, allowing him to deal more total damage and hit more knock-ups. Since Titanic Hydra is a poor DPS item, Sunfire Cape/Black Cleaver supplement Jarvan's DPS and keep him relevant after he engages.
Conclusion
Why does Lethality, apparently the most important stat for AD assassins, seem to be outclassed in burst damage? Actually, in Lethality builds, Jarvan's abilities (Dragon Strike and Cataclysm) deal far more damage than in other builds. However, the Titanic/Ravenous Hydra actives make up for the loss in AD scaling/penetration through extra raw damage. The best combination of the two is with a Ravenous Hydra+Lethality combo, which comes in 1st/2nd in both burst and DPS. However, each of the builds have their strengths, as listed above.
Like our content? Support us by getting our merchandise in our shop
Every share makes Black Voice louder! Share To
Fox News announcement of President Obama's daughter, Malia, to attend Harvard after a gap year has become a disturbing issue to the American racists.
Malia Obama has decided to attend Harvard in 2017, after considering at least a dozen public and private colleges. She will be graduating from high school this summer in June.
When Fox News wrote a brief AP story about the 17-year-old lady, it turned into a matter of life and death for some haters. Because of the vile racist comments the article had, Fox News deliberately closed the section for comments to hide the avalanche of racism.
Unfortunately, screenshots of some of the comments were taken and reposted on social media.
Some of the comments read:
“I wonder if she applied as a muDslime..or a foreign student..or just a [email protected]@er.”
“Sounds like black privilege to me.”
“LITTLE APE SHOULD GO TO COLLEGE IN AFRICA.”
“Hopefully she gets cancer/aids or one of those colored diseases.”
And so they continued to slander Malia just because they hate black people and can't see one of them keeping a high social place.
By the way, what is the “Black privilege”? The fact that one African-American family finally became able to live in the White House doesn't reverse the basic white supremacy existing in the United States. Black people are still suffering from the various kinds of discrimination, police brutality, environmental racism, poor health care, school racism etc.
Share this article and help to fight against racism in our country.
Israeli-American Teen Arrested in Israel Over Bomb Threats to Jewish Centers
JERUSALEM—A man was arrested in Israel on Thursday on suspicion of making dozens of hoax bomb threats against Jewish community centers in the United States, Australia and New Zealand over the past three months, police said on Thursday.
Sources familiar with the case gave the suspect's age as 19 and said he is Jewish and holds Israeli and U.S. citizenship. A police spokesman said the suspect's motives were still unclear to investigators.
U.S. federal authorities have been investigating a surge of threats against Jewish organizations, including more than 100 bomb threats in separate waves over the past three months against Jewish community centers (JCCs) in dozens of states.
The incidents have stoked fears of a resurgence in anti-Semitism and forced the evacuation of many centers, including some with day care for young children.
In the United States, a former journalist was charged in St. Louis on March 3 with using fake email accounts to threaten to bomb Jewish sites while posing as his ex-girlfriend. But he was not believed to be responsible for the majority of threats.
Israeli police said FBI agents participated in the probe in Israel that led to Thursday's arrest. The suspect, who was not immediately identified, was taken to a court in central Israel for a remand hearing.
“We believe he is responsible for the wave of calls, bomb threats, made to Jewish community centers in the United States,” the police spokesman said, naming Australia and New Zealand as other countries he allegedly targeted.
He said the suspect, whose home was searched on Thursday, began making the calls three months ago, using advanced masking technologies.
Spicy Sweet Potato Wedges Recipe
These are so easy to make. I think they became a staple in my house the first time I made them. Anytime you have sweet potatoes, you should make these or you can make the utter deliciousness that is my overloaded sweet potatoes.
Ingredients
2 pounds sweet potatoes (4 average size)
1/4 cup olive or other vegetable oil
1-2 Tbsp sugar
1 Tbsp salt
1-2 Tbsp Cajun seasoning, taco seasoning, 5 pepper salt, whatever your spice of choice is (I used 1 tbsp taco seasoning with a 1/4 teaspoon red pepper)
Directions
1. Preheat oven to 450°F. (For more crispiness, preheat your oven to 500°F.)
2. Peel the sweet potatoes and cut off the ends. Cut the potatoes in half lengthwise and then, if they are very long, in half crosswise. Cut each piece into wedges. You want each piece to be about the same size so that they bake equally.
3. Put the sweet potatoes into a large bowl and add the oil. Mix well to combine. Sprinkle with salt, sugar and spices of your choice. Use your hands to mix well, so all pieces are coated with oil and spices
4. Spread the sweet potato wedges out in a single layer on a baking sheet or wire cooling rack on top of a baking sheet. You can also preheat the baking sheet to make the potato crisp better.
5. Bake for a total of 25 to 30 minutes. Halfway through or after about 13-15 minutes, take the baking sheet (if you didnt use a wire rack) out of the over and flip the sweet potato wedges over. Bake for an additional 10-15 minutes until crisp and browned at the edges.
6. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving.
Print Author: Generations of Savings Recipe type: Side Dish Prep time: 10 mins Cook time: 30 mins Total time: 40 mins Serves: 4-6 Ingredients 2 pounds sweet potatoes (4 average size)
¼ cup olive or other vegetable oil
1-2 Tbsp sugar
1 Tbsp salt
1-2 Tbsp Cajun seasoning, taco seasoning, 5 pepper salt, whatever your spice of choice is (I used 1 tbsp taco seasoning with a ¼ teaspoon red pepper) Instructions Preheat oven to 450°F. (For more crispiness, preheat your oven to 500°F.) Peel the sweet potatoes and cut off the ends. Cut the potatoes in half lengthwise and then, if they are very long, in half crosswise. Cut each piece into wedges. You want each piece to be about the same size so that they bake equally. Put the sweet potatoes into a large bowl and add the oil. Mix well to combine. Sprinkle with salt, sugar and spices of your choice. Use your hands to mix well, so all pieces are coated with oil and spices Spread the sweet potato wedges out in a single layer on a baking sheet or wire cooling rack on top of a baking sheet. You can also preheat the baking sheet to make the potato crisp better. Bake for a total of 25 to 30 minutes. Halfway through or after about 13-15 minutes, take the baking sheet (if you didnt use a wire rack) out of the over and flip the sweet potato wedges over. Bake for an additional 10-15 minutes until crisp and browned at the edges. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving. 2.2.8
Pin 0 Shares
Twelve Things You Were Not Taught in School About Creative Thinking
Synopsis Aspects of creative thinking that are not usually taught.
1. You are creative. The artist is not a special person, each one of us is a special kind of artist. Every one of us is born a creative, spontaneous thinker. The only difference between people who are creative and people who are not is a simple belief. Creative people believe they are creative. People who believe they are not creative, are not. Once you have a particular identity and set of beliefs about yourself, you become interested in seeking out the skills needed to express your identity and beliefs. This is why people who believe they are creative become creative. If you believe you are not creative, then there is no need to learn how to become creative and you don't. The reality is that believing you are not creative excuses you from trying or attempting anything new. When someone tells you that they are not creative, you are talking to someone who has no interest and will make no effort to be a creative thinker.
2. Creative thinking is work. You must have passion and the determination to immerse yourself in the process of creating new and different ideas. Then you must have patience to persevere against all adversity. All creative geniuses work passionately hard and produce incredible numbers of ideas, most of which are bad. In fact, more bad poems were written by the major poets than by minor poets. Thomas Edison created 3000 different ideas for lighting systems before he evaluated them for practicality and profitability. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart produced more than six hundred pieces of music, including forty-one symphonies and some forty-odd operas and masses, during his short creative life. Rembrandt produced around 650 paintings and 2,000 drawings and Picasso executed more than 20,000 works. Shakespeare wrote 154 sonnets. Some were masterpieces, while others were no better than his contemporaries could have written, and some were simply bad.
3. You must go through the motions of being creative. When you are producing ideas, you are replenishing neurotransmitters linked to genes that are being turned on and off in response to what your brain is doing, which in turn is responding to challenges. When you go through the motions of trying to come up with new ideas, you are energizing your brain by increasing the number of contacts between neurons. The more times you try to get ideas, the more active your brain becomes and the more creative you become. If you want to become an artist and all you did was paint a picture every day, you will become an artist. You may not become another Vincent Van Gogh, but you will become more of an artist than someone who has never tried.
4. Your brain is not a computer. Your brain is a dynamic system that evolves its patterns of activity rather than computes them like a computer. It thrives on the creative energy of feedback from experiences real or fictional. You can synthesize experience; literally create it in your own imagination. The human brain cannot tell the difference between an "actual" experience and an experience imagined vividly and in detail. This discovery is what enabled Albert Einstein to create his thought experiments with imaginary scenarios that led to his revolutionary ideas about space and time. One day, for example, he imagined falling in love. Then he imagined meeting the woman he fell in love with two weeks after he fell in love. This led to his theory of acausality. The same process of synthesizing experience allowed Walt Disney to bring his fantasies to life.
5. There is no one right answer. Reality is ambiguous. Aristotle said it is either A or not-A. It cannot be both. The sky is either blue or not blue. This is black and white thinking as the sky is a billion different shades of blue. A beam of light is either a wave or not a wave (A or not-A). Physicists discovered that light can be either a wave or particle depending on the viewpoint of the observer. The only certainty in life is uncertainty. When trying to get ideas, do not censor or evaluate them as they occur. Nothing kills creativity faster than self-censorship of ideas while generating them. Think of all your ideas as possibilities and generate as many as you can before you decide which ones to select. The world is not black or white. It is grey.
6. Never stop with your first good idea. Always strive to find a better one and continue until you have one that is still better. In 1862, Phillip Reis demonstrated his invention which could transmit music over the wires. He was days away from improving it into a telephone that could transmit speech. Every communication expert in Germany dissuaded him from making improvements, as they said the telegraph is good enough. No one would buy or use a telephone. Ten years later, Alexander Graham Bell patented the telephone. Spencer Silver developed a new adhesive for 3M that stuck to objects but could easily be lifted off. It was first marketed as a bulletin board adhesive so the boards could be moved easily from place to place. There was no market for it. Silver didn't discard it. One day Arthur Fry, another 3M employee, was singing in the church's choir when his page marker fell out of his hymnal. Fry coated his page markers with Silver's adhesive and discovered the markers stayed in place, yet lifted off without damaging the page. Hence the Post-it Notes were born. Thomas Edison was always trying to spring board from one idea to another in his work. He spring boarded his work from the telephone (sounds transmitted) to the phonograph (sounds recorded) and, finally, to motion pictures (images recorded).
7. Expect the experts to be negative. The more expert and specialized a person becomes, the more their mindset becomes narrowed and the more fixated they become on confirming what they believe to be absolute. Consequently, when confronted with new and different ideas, their focus will be on conformity. Does it conform with what I know is right? If not, experts will spend all their time showing and explaining why it can't be done and why it can't work. They will not look for ways to make it work or get it done because this might demonstrate that what they regarded as absolute is not absolute at all. This is why when Fred Smith created Federal Express, every delivery expert in the U.S. predicted its certain doom. After all, they said, if this delivery concept was doable, the Post Office or UPS would have done it long ago.
8. Trust your instincts. Don't allow yourself to get discouraged. Albert Einstein was expelled from school because his attitude had a negative effect on serious students; he failed his university entrance exam and had to attend a trade school for one year before finally being admitted; and was the only one in his graduating class who did not get a teaching position because no professor would recommend him. One professor said Einstein was "the laziest dog" the university ever had. Beethoven's parents were told he was too stupid to be a music composer. Charles Darwin's colleagues called him a fool and what he was doing "fool's experiments" when he worked on his theory of biological evolution. Walt Disney was fired from his first job on a newspaper because "he lacked imagination." Thomas Edison had only two years of formal schooling, was totally deaf in one ear and was hard of hearing in the other, was fired from his first job as a newsboy and later fired from his job as a telegrapher; and still he became the most famous inventor in the history of the U.S.
9. There is no such thing as failure. Whenever you try to do something and do not succeed, you do not fail. You have learned something that does not work. Always ask "What have I learned about what doesn't work?", "Can this explain something that I didn't set out to explain?", and "What have I discovered that I didn't set out to discover?" Whenever someone tells you that they have never made a mistake, you are talking to someone who has never tried anything new.
10. You do not see things as they are; you see them as you are. Interpret your own experiences. All experiences are neutral. They have no meaning. You give them meaning by the way you choose to interpret them. If you are a priest, you see evidence of God everywhere. If you are an atheist, you see the absence of God everywhere. IBM observed that no one in the world had a personal computer. IBM interpreted this to mean there was no market. College dropouts, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs, looked at the same absence of personal computers and saw a massive opportunity. Once Thomas Edison was approached by an assistant while working on the filament for the light bulb. The assistant asked Edison why he didn't give up. "After all," he said, "you have failed 5000 times." Edison looked at him and told him that he didn't understand what the assistant meant by failure, because, Edison said, "I have discovered 5000 things that don't work." You construct your own reality by how you choose to interpret your experiences.
11. Always approach a problem on its own terms. Do not trust your first perspective of a problem as it will be too biased toward your usual way of thinking. Always look at your problem from multiple perspectives. Always remember that genius is finding a perspective no one else has taken. Look for different ways to look at the problem. Write the problem statement several times using different words. Take another role, for example, how would someone else see it, how would Jay Leno, Pablo Picasso, George Patton see it? Draw a picture of the problem, make a model, or mold a sculpture. Take a walk and look for things that metaphorically represent the problem and force connections between those things and the problem (How is a broken store window like my communications problem with my students?) Ask your friends and strangers how they see the problem. Ask a child. How would a ten year old solve it? Ask a grandparent. Imagine you are the problem. When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
12. Learn to think unconventionally. Creative geniuses do not think analytically and logically. Conventional, logical, analytical thinkers are exclusive thinkers which means they exclude all information that is not related to the problem. They look for ways to eliminate possibilities. Creative geniuses are inclusive thinkers which mean they look for ways to include everything, including things that are dissimilar and totally unrelated. Generating associations and connections between unrelated or dissimilar subjects is how they provoke different thinking patterns in their brain. These new patterns lead to new connections which give them a different way to focus on the information and different ways to interpret what they are focusing on. This is how original and truly novel ideas are created. Albert Einstein once famously remarked "Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand."
And, finally, Creativity is paradoxical. To create, a person must have knowledge but forget the knowledge, must see unexpected connections in things but not have a mental disorder, must work hard but spend time doing nothing as information incubates, must create many ideas yet most of them are useless, must look at the same thing as everyone else, yet see something different, must desire success but embrace failure, must be persistent but not stubborn, and must listen to experts but know how to disregard them.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Cincinnati (Ohio) Taft five-star defensive end Adolphus Washington is finally an Ohio State Buckeye.
Five-star Adolphus Washington, as expected, committed to Ohio State on Tuesday. It's the first five-star commitment for the Buckeyes in the 2012 class.
The future U.S. Army All-American announced his college decision on Tuesday morning during a press conference at his school, choosing the Buckeyes over his other finalists, Cincinnati and Michigan State.
Washington had long known he wanted to go to Ohio State, dating back to his first unofficial visit for the Miami game during the 2010 season.
“Just the tradition,” Washington said, telling 247Sports his decision on Monday night. “When I was up there on my very first visit, there was a fan, and he knew my name, and he called me out of all the recruits there to come to Ohio State. I loved that.”
Looks like fans at The Shoe will be calling Washington's name for many years to come.
Ranked as the nation's No. 2 weak-side defensive end and No. 21 prospect overall, Washington also had scholarship offers from the likes of Alabama, Miami, Michigan, Notre Dame, Oregon and USC.
“Just the tradition at Ohio State, and they put guys into the league,” Washington said, adding that the school's academic support for athletes put the Buckeyes over the top.
“It's the education part,” Washington continued. “I know all these schools athletically can offer me the same thing. The academic support at Ohio State, there is no way you can fail. Even if you're giving minimal effort there is no way you can fail.”
As a senior, the 6-foot-5, 245-pound Washington had 90 tackles, 23.5 sacks and two fumble recoveries. He had 54.5 sacks the last three seasons.
“The coaches said I have a good chance to come in and play early,” Washington said. “Their main defense they want to play is nickel, and it requires two rush ends, and right now they only have one.”
Washington admits he nearly became a Buckeye three months ago. He had a phone call setup with the Ohio State coaching staff to give his pledge to Coach Luke Fickell, but at the last second he decided to wait. Washington still wanted to take official visits, and he ended up taking trips to Michigan State (Oct. 15) and Cincinnati (Nov. 11), as well as Ohio State the weekend of the Wisconsin game.
“I wanted to see what other schools had to offer, and I got a look when I went on my officials,” Washington explained. “I think Ohio State has the best fit for me.”
Washington says that Ohio State will be the best fit for him no matter what coaching staff is running the program. Washington has talked with the current staff about a possible change down the road.
“I was talking to (assistant) Coach (John) Peterson a couple weeks ago,” Washington said. “He was saying there will never be anyone bigger than Ohio State. He was saying there will never be a person bigger than Ohio State. He was trying to say it was a unique place.
“The rumor is Urban Meyer is going to take the job. That will be a household name for Ohio State. He won down at Florida and he's just a good coach.”
Ohio State led for Washington the entire process, and his father is happy to see the process end with a commitment to the Buckeyes.
“It's real special to me, especially with him getting to play close to home and I can see him as much as I can,” Adolphus Washington Sr. said. “The environment there was pretty special to me and it's always felt like home.”
Washington is the 15th commit for Ohio State in the class of 2012.
Conservative commentator and best-selling author, Dinesh D'Souza exits the Manhattan Federal Courthouse in New York, January 24, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
By Nate Raymond and Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dinesh D'Souza, the conservative author and filmmaker, on Thursday failed to win the dismissal of U.S. criminal charges that he used straw donors to make excessive contributions to a 2012 Senate candidate.
Ruling from the bench, U.S. District Judge Richard Berman in Manhattan rejected D'Souza's contention that last month's U.S. Supreme Court decision striking some limits on political donations also rendered a straw donor prohibition as unconstitutionally vague.
The judge also denied a request by D'Souza, a prominent critic of President Barack Obama, to seek the production of evidence that would support his claim the prosecution was in retaliation for his political activities.
"The court concludes the defendant has respectfully submitted no evidence he was selectively prosecuted," Berman said.
D'Souza sat silently as Berman made his ruling. Benjamin Brafman, D'Souza's lawyer, afterwards said he was disappointed but was prepared for trial, which is expected Tuesday.
"We have always believed this is a case that should be decided by a jury," Brafman said.
D'Souza, 53, has been accused of illegally directing others to contribute a total of $20,000 to the campaign of Wendy Long, a Republican who unsuccessfully challenged incumbent Kirsten Gillibrand, a Democrat, for a Senate seat from New York.
The defendant subsequently reimbursed the donors. Federal law at the time limited primary and general election campaign contributions to $2,500 each, for a total of $5,000, from any individual to any one candidate.
Long and D'Souza in the early 1980s attended Dartmouth College and worked on The Dartmouth Review, a conservative newspaper. Gillibrand graduated from Dartmouth in 1988.
The indictment made public in January charged D'Souza with one count of making illegal contributions in the names of others, and one count of causing false statements to be made. He faces up to five years in prison on the false statements charge.
Born in Mumbai, D'Souza is a former policy adviser to President Ronald Reagan, and has worked with conservative organizations such as the American Enterprise Institute and the Hoover Institution.
D'Souza has written several books including the 2010 best-seller "The Roots of Obama's Rage," and co-directed a 2012 film, "2016: Obama's America."
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara, whose office brought the case against D'Souza, is an Obama appointee.
The case is U.S. v. D'Souza, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 14-cr-00034.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond and Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
Image copyright AFP
It took seven days for the war that no-one seemed to want to become the war that no-one seems to know how to stop.
As the first week of July ended there was a sense that the political temperature was rising sharply here but no sign of a sustained confrontation between Israel and Hamas.
The Israeli public had mourned three teenagers kidnapped and murdered as they hitchhiked home from school across the West Bank and Palestinians had grieved for a boy abducted and killed in a grisly act of reprisal as he waited for early prayers at a local mosque.
There was rioting in Arab East Jerusalem and some of the towns of northern Israel with Palestinian populations but it subsided relatively quickly and the rocket fire from Gaza was a background rumble - nothing that Israel's sophisticated Iron Dome anti-missile system couldn't handle.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption James Reynolds reports from the funeral of the murdered Palestinian teenager in East Jerusalem
Israeli air raids at that point were carefully calibrated - training grounds and launching sites in Gaza were attacked. The target list was enough to persuade the Israeli public that Hamas was being punished for the rocket fire but not enough to push the militant group to step up its attacks.
There were even hints that a truce might be possible with both Israel and Hamas using the cautious but optimistic formula that calm from the other side would be met with calm.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Christian Fraser reports from the funeral of the three abducted and murdered Israeli teenagers
Within hours, though, it seemed hostilities began to intensify - and a week later Israeli military sources say they've hit more than a thousand targets in Gaza and that militant groups there have fired more than 500 rockets at Israel. More importantly, the death toll in Gaza has risen to 100 with more than 600 people injured including many civilians.
Hamas strategy
That possible ceasefire came to nothing not just because of what's happened in the last few weeks, but because broader shifts in the political landscape of the Middle East have created huge pressures on Hamas.
The link between the kidnapping of the three Israeli teenagers and the sudden escalation of hostilities with Gaza is straightforward enough.
Israel blamed Hamas for the abductions and flooded the West Bank with soldiers who rounded up hundreds of Hamas activists. Palestinians saw the arrests as a collective punishment rather than a genuine search for evidence.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The abduction and murder of three Israelis in the West Bank caused outrage across Israel
Image copyright AFP Image caption Palestinian anger soared following news of the Palestinian teenager's murder, days after the Israeli teenagers' bodies were found
The only tool Hamas had at its disposal to respond to the round-up was rocket fire from Gaza - and those arrests were reason enough for that bombardment to intensify.
The broader changes in the Middle East help to explain why a weakened Hamas might see a strategic value in escalating its conflict with Israel.
The organisation has been badly damaged by the twists and turns of the Arab Spring, leaving it with few allies and very little money.
In the past it had the backing of Iran and Syria. But Hamas is an offshoot of the Sunni Muslim Brotherhood and when it sided with Sunni-led rebels opposed to the Alawite Bashar al-Assad and his Shia backers in Tehran, Iran responded by turning off the financial taps. Iran used to donate as much as $20m a month - enough to run the government in Gaza.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Hamas has become increasingly isolated and could be acting on a need to reassert itself
That didn't matter as long as Mohammed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood was running Egypt. He strongly identified with Hamas and while he closed some tunnels which ran under the Gaza-Egypt border during his time in the presidential palace, others remained open.
Those tunnels brought in weapons of course, but they were used to smuggling in consumer goods too, which Hamas was able to tax.
The new Egyptian government of Abdul Fattah al-Sisi considers the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organisation and sees Hamas as being cut from the same cloth.
Many more smuggling tunnels have been closed down, and with them another source of revenue.
In desperation Hamas came to a sort of political reconciliation with its bitter rival Fatah which in its guise as the Palestinian Authority runs the West Bank under Israeli occupation.
So far, though, that link has brought Hamas nothing in the way of concrete benefits and huge differences remain between the rival Palestinian groups.
Truce demands?
The renewed rocket fire of course won't solve any of those problems immediately.
But Hamas's military leaders might be calculating that the sight of Palestinian civilians suffering under terrifying aerial bombardment will force the Palestinian Authority to show much greater solidarity and prompt Arab governments to show more support.
Hamas might reason that there were few advantages in keeping the peace whereas once hostilities have started it can demand concessions for agreeing to end them.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption International criticism of the Israeli air strikes is likely to mount if Palestinian civilian deaths continue to rise
For its part, Israel is desperate to stop the rocket fire and to damage Hamas.
To the outside world the Gaza rockets may seem ineffective - partly because many are homemade and partly because they're hopelessly overmatched by Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile defence system.
But Israeli civilians judge the rockets by the intent behind them and not by their military effectiveness. They are grimly familiar with the ritual of running for shelter with their children when they hear a 15-second warning. They expect their government to put a stop to it.
The problem is that there's no easy way of doing that.
Even if you believe in the myth of the accuracy of modern weapons systems you have to accept that air raids are going to kill innocent people.
Israel might argue that it's trying to avoid civilian casualties while Hamas is trying to cause them. But television pictures of civilian dead in Gaza - especially children - will help shape perceptions of Israel round the world.
Israeli sources say militant groups in Gaza probably have 10,000 rockets and they admit they don't know where some of the long range ones are hidden. Finding and destroying them from the air might take a very long time indeed. Civilian casualties would mount, and so would international criticism.
Elusive goal
And sending in ground troops doesn't feel like an attractive option either.
First you have to decide what scale of operation you're going to launch - a series of pinpoint commando raids on known weapons dumps? Or a large-scale re-occupation of the whole territory with all the dangers and responsibilities that would bring?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Israel has vowed to destroy Hamas rocket-making capabilities completely, making a ceasefire unlikely
There would be more civilian casualties, making it a tough sell to international opinion. And there would be Israeli military casualties too - potentially making it a tough sell at home.
Israel's government has set the bar for itself very high by talking about putting a stop to the rocket fire for good and not simply settling for a truce of a few weeks or months.
That might be very difficult to achieve. Lots of the rockets in Gaza are workshop weapons. What if Israel staged a huge operation, left declaring it a success and then found home-made rockets raining down a week or a month later?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Many of Hamas' rockets have been intercepted by Israel's Iron Dome air defence system, but millions of Israelis are within their range
So Israel has to push on with the campaign without a clear exit strategy in place.
Benjamin Netanyahu's image in the rest of the world might be that of the uncompromising right-winger but his political instinct is probably to triangulate between the conflicting views of the hawks and doves around him.
Short of that elusive permanent stop to the rocket fire it's hard to see what looks like a win from his point of view. At the moment it seems there's not much behind-the-scenes manoeuvring to secure a ceasefire.
Egypt and Qatar are the likeliest mediators. Egypt has contacts with both sides and brokering a solution would raise its diplomatic standing in the Middle East. On the other hand it may be relaxed about seeing Hamas' military potential degraded for a while longer yet.
So it's not difficult to unravel the huge strategic changes and small acts of hatred that conspired to trigger this latest round of hostilities.
But it's very difficult to see what combination of circumstances will eventually bring them to an end.
Image caption Philip Hollobone wants burkas and niqabs banned from being worn in public
A Conservative MP has been warned he could face legal action if he refuses to meet constituents who wear burkas or niqabs, which hide their faces.
Lawyers for pressure group Liberty have written to Philip Hollobone stating the Equality Act obliges him to avoid discrimination.
The Kettering MP said he needed to meet voters face-to-face.
He added he would invite those who did not remove their veil to communicate in a different way, such as by letter.
Mr Hollobone was unavailable for comment when the BBC attempted to contact him.
He is trying to bring in a Private Member's Bill to ban women wearing the burka or niqab in public.
A similar bill was overwhelmingly approved by France's lower house of parliament, the National Assembly, on 13 July, but it must now be ratified by the upper house, the Senate, in September before it can become law.
Mr Hollobone's comments have been criticised by Muslim groups, and the idea of a ban has been dismissed by government ministers as "un-British" and unhelpful to women.
Immigration minister Damian Green has said banning the full Islamic veil in public would be "at odds with the UK's tolerant society".
Liberty has now offered to represent any woman wishing to make a legal challenge against Mr Hollobone if she is refused a meeting with him because of her veil.
In its letter to Mr Hollobone, Liberty said it "will be happy to represent any of your constituents that you refuse to meet because they are veiled".
Corinna Ferguson, a legal officer at Liberty, added: "There are a lot of women who wear face veils who feel that it is to do with their religion.
"Of course there are going to be arguments about whether or not it is strictly required by the tenets of Islam, but if individuals feel that it's an important part of their religion then interferences with that must only take place where it's strictly necessary."
She added: "And I think there's a broader point here; in other European countries they might take a different view, but in Britain generally we don't punish people for the way that they dress."
'Separation'
Mr Hollobone is not the first UK MP to criticise the wearing of burkas or niqabs.
Labour's former cabinet minister Jack Straw, the MP for Blackburn, said in 2006 that face veils were a "visible statement of separation and of difference" and suggested they could make community relations harder.
He also said he asked Muslim women to reveal their faces in his constituency surgeries because he thought the veils got in the way of effective communication, but stopped short of saying he would refuse to talk to them if they chose not to.
While the French bill to ban the wearing of burkas and niqabs is continuing to make its way through France's parliament, other European countries including Spain, the Netherlands and Belgium have debated regulating the use of face-covering garments.
In June, the 47-nation Council of Europe, which oversees the European Court of Human Rights, voted unanimously against any general ban on women who wanted to wear the burqa or niqab.
It added there might be a case for legal restrictions "for security purposes, or where the public or professional functions of individuals require their religious neutrality, or that their face can be seen".
Interesting, a bit of risk taking boldness on Seven Seas' part. Negatives, It's a distraction and has the potential to tie up capital & resources which the publishing arm may need. Positive is Kickstarter, they will have a better handle on how a game will sell because it, in effect, has already done so. Will follow closely. Mark Gosdin
Interesting, a bit of risk taking boldness on Seven Seas' part. Negatives, It's a distraction and has the potential to tie up capital & resources which the publishing arm may need. Positive is Kickstarter, they will have a better handle on how a game will sell because it, in effect, has already done so. Will follow closely. Mark Gosdin
Hopefully, this works out for them. This is money that could otherwise have been used for light novels they could have published. But I guess Yen Press leads in that regard and Seven Seas is looking elsewhere.
Hopefully, this works out for them. This is money that could otherwise have been used for light novels they could have published. But I guess Yen Press leads in that regard and Seven Seas is looking elsewhere.
“More than 5,000 people have been killed since an insurgency erupted in 2004 in Thailand's three southernmost provinces, the only ones with Muslim majorities in the predominantly Buddhist country. Last year, the level of violence dropped, according to official figures, but peace talks have made little apparent progress.” What a surprise.
“Car Bomb Explodes in Pattani, Just Days after Gen. Chavalit Says IS Affiliate in Deep South,” Chiangrai Times, February 27, 2016:
PATTANI – Police in southern Thailand were injured Saturday by an improvised bomb hidden inside a parked car exploded leaving seven officers and two civilians injured.
The attack in Pattani province was believed to have been carried out by Muslim insurgents who targeted the outpost used by special forces, said police Col. Keerati Waeyoosoh, the Pattani police superintendent.
Keerati said the bomb, made from a cylinder gas tank, was placed inside a car that had been stolen earlier Saturday from a tire shop whose owner was shot three times but survived. The car was then parked before it exploded outside a roadside restaurant adjacent to the police camp, which was destroyed by the blast.
More than 5,000 people have been killed since an insurgency erupted in 2004 in Thailand's three southernmost provinces, the only ones with Muslim majorities in the predominantly Buddhist country. Last year, the level of violence dropped, according to official figures, but peace talks have made little apparent progress.
The insurgents are known for drive-by shootings and bombs placed on parked motorcycles and cars.
Meanwhile, Thai security authorities quickly dismissed a claim Thursday by former prime minister Chavalit Yongchaiyudh that an Islamic State (IS) cell was active in the far South of Thailand.
Gen Chavalit said he was wondering if the government was aware that a group calling itself “Black Swan” which, according to him, is an IS affiliate, was establishing a presence in the deep South….
Chinese labor activist Hua Haifeng, center, carries his son Bobo chats with his sister Hua Xiaoqin, left, as they leave a police station after being released in Ganzhou in southern China's Jiangxi Province, Wednesday, June 28, 2017. Chinese authorities have released on bail three activists who had been detained after investigating labor conditions at a factory that produced shoes for Ivanka Trump and other brands. (AP Photo/Gerry Shih)
GANZHOU, China (AP) — After a month behind bars, three Chinese investigators who went undercover at a factory that made Ivanka Trump shoes walked freely out of the local police station Wednesday. But they still face an uncertain future and the threat of a trial.
Chinese authorities released the three, who have been accused of breaking the law by using secret cameras and listening devices. They were freed on bail, which is extremely rare for individuals who have been detained for alleged crimes, a possible sign they won't be formally charged and put on trial.
But they're not in the clear yet. Political dissidents and other activists who are released in China typically face restrictions on what they can do and say — including comments to the media.
“This is a way of keeping people under pressure, under police control, without subjecting them to actual confinement,” said Jerome Cohen, a law professor at New York University and a Chinese human rights expert. “Whether they are prosecuted depends on how they behave.”
One of the activists, Hua Haifeng, was clearly relieved as he held his 3-year-old son outside the police station in Ganzhou, a city in southeastern Jiangxi province.
“I appreciate the media following my case the last month,” Hua told The Associated Press, “but I'm not ready to speak yet.”
When they disappeared in late May, Hua, Su Heng and Li Zhao of the labor rights group China Labor Watch were preparing to publish a report alleging low pay, excessive overtime, crude verbal abuse and possible misuse of student labor at Huajian Group factories. Some of the factories produced Ivanka Trump shoes, among other brands.
Huajian Group has denied allegations of excessive overtime and low wages. It says it stopped producing Ivanka Trump shoes months ago. Abigail Klem, president of the Ivanka Trump brands company, said that its products had not been produced at a factory in Ganzhou since March but “the integrity of our supply chain is a top priority and we take all allegations very seriously.”
NYU's Cohen said he suspects the case now may follow the pattern of the one against Ai Weiwei, the dissident artist who was released on bail in 2011 and never faced trial.
“I think this is a face-saving way to get rid of the case,” Cohen said. “Formally, the case will exist for another year, then it will be dropped unless these people misbehave.”
Li Qiang, founder of China Labor Watch, said the Huajian's factory in Ganzhou was among the worst he has seen in nearly two decades investigating labor abuses. His group says pay can be as low as a dollar an hour, in violation of China's labor laws. According to China Labor Watch investigators, until recently workers might get only two days off — or less — per month.
China Labor Watch alleges the company forced workers to sign fake pay stubs with inflated salary numbers and threatened to fire them if they didn't fill in questionnaires about working conditions with pre-approved answers.
Separately, the AP recently spoke to three workers at the Ganzhou factory — one current and two former employees — who confirmed some of what the labor group has reported.
The three workers told the AP that beatings were not unheard of and that they had each witnessed a particularly gruesome scene one day: A worker with blood dripping from his head after an angry manager had hit him with a high-heeled shoe.
“There was a lot of blood. He went to the factory's nurse station, passing by me,” said one of the former workers, who said he quit his job at the Huajian factory because of the long hours and low pay.
All three workers spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity, for fear of retribution or arrest.
The detention of the three activists prompted the U.S. State Department to call for their immediate release. At the time, Hua Chunying, spokeswoman for China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said the men had been accused of using secret recording devices to disrupt normal commercial operations and would be dealt with under Chinese law.
“Other nations have no right to interfere in our judicial sovereignty and independence,” she said, adding, “the police found these people illegally possessed secret cameras, secret listening devices and other illegal monitoring devices.”
The White House directed any questions about the detainees on Wednesday to the State Department. Anna Richey-Allen, a department spokeswoman for East Asia and the Pacific, said: “We urge China to afford them the judicial and fair trial protections to which they are entitled.”
Marc Fisher, which produces shoes for Ivanka Trump and other brands, has said it is looking into the allegations. Ivanka Trump's lifestyle brand imports most of its merchandise from China, trade data show.
The detentions came as China has cracked down on perceived threats to the stability of its ruling Communist Party, particularly from sources with foreign ties such as China Labor Watch.
Faced with rising labor unrest and a slowing economy, Beijing has taken a stern approach to activism in southern China's manufacturing belt and to human rights advocates generally, sparking a wave of reports about disappearances, public confessions, forced repatriation and torture in custody.
As he left the police station Wednesday, Hua was surrounded by family members. “I'm happy to be out,” he said. “I just want to spend some time with my family,”
Hua said he had not been mistreated but declined further comment.
___
Condon reported from New York. AP writers Gillian Wong in Beijing and Matthew Pennington in Washington contributed.
The manager's boyfriend later assumes the duties of watching over the detained employee. Cajoled and coached by the voice on the phone, he makes her do those jumping jacks, which are meant to dislodge any hidden loot. By the time he leaves the back room, he's also been persuaded to spank and then sexually assault her.
Preposterous, right? But the details in the movie are more or less consistent with an incident at a McDonald's in Kentucky in 2004. And that incident was part of a series of hoaxes in which a prank caller manipulated workers at McDonald's franchises and at other fast-food restaurants into the kind of invasive, abusive behavior depicted in the movie.
History has amply documented the human capacity for cruelty and quickness to exploit vulnerability, and “Compliance” touches on those themes. But it has even more to say about the human capacity for credulousness, along with obedience.
Photo
People routinely buy into outlandish claims that calm particular anxieties, fill given needs or affirm preferred worldviews. Religions and wrinkle-cream purveyors alike depend on that. And someone like Todd Akin , the antihero of last week's news, illustrates it to a T. The notion that a raped woman can miraculously foil and neutralize sperm is a good 10 times crazier than anything in “Compliance,” but it dovetails beautifully with his obvious wish — and the wishes of like-minded extremists — for an abortion prohibition with no exceptions. So he embraces it.
People also routinely elect trust over skepticism because it's easier, more convenient. Saddam Hussein is stockpiling weapons of mass destruction; the climate isn't changing; Barack Obama 's birth certificate is forged; Mitt Romney didn't pay taxes for 10 years. To varying degrees, all of these were or are articles of faith, unverifiable or eventually knocked down. People nonetheless accepted them because the alternative meant confronting outright mendacity from otherwise respected authorities, trading the calm of certainty for the disquiet of doubt, or potentially hunkering down to the hard work of muddling through the elusive truth of things. Better simply to be told what's what.
AS Craig Zobel , the writer and director of “Compliance,” said to me on the phone on Friday, “We can't be on guard all the time. In order to have a pleasant life, you have to be able to trust that people are who they say they are. And if you questioned everything you heard, you'd never get anything done.” It's infinitely more efficient to follow a chosen leader and walk in lock step with a chosen tribe.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In fact, what's most distinctive about the current presidential election and our political culture isn't their negativity — though that's plenty noteworthy and worrisome — but how unconditionally so many partisans back their side's every edict, plaint and stratagem. Some of them behave, in a smaller and less sinister way, as characters in “Compliance” do. They surrender to and accept instructions from a designated leader rather than examining each new assertion on its own merits, for its own accuracy. They submit, nudged along by emphatic oratory, slick advertising, facts thoroughly massaged and lies smoothly told.
“Compliance” charts the mechanisms and progress of mind control. The “officer” introduces himself with utter confidence, sure of himself and unambiguous about the necessary course of action. He expresses sympathy, telling his human puppets that he knows how confusing and difficult everything he's asking of them must seem. He doles out compliments and rebukes, establishing himself as someone who sits rightfully in a position of judgment. He insists that he's mindful of their self-interest: “You need to listen to me for your own sake.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And he grows bolder in studied increments, knowing that once a person has decided to believe you, he or she is more likely to continue to, because to rebel at a late juncture is to admit that you've been duped all along. At a certain point you're psychologically invested in fealty. At a certain point a spanking is no longer outside the realm of possibility.
After the restaurant's manager and employees realize that the “officer” was nothing of the sort, the manager defensively tells a journalist: “He had an answer every time that I asked a question.”
The great hucksters do, and that's why we should all bear in mind something that the journalist subsequently asks her.
“It never occurred to you,” he says, “to think twice?”
Caution: The opinions offered here are mine alone.
They are based upon 10 years of full time 24/7 caregiving of my mother. My opinions are not always popular. I frequently break out of the confines of platitudes and say exactly what is on my mind. You are perfectly welcome to comment, disagree, or toss out your own rant below. You may even change my opinion if your thoughts are intelligent and well considered. Don't be disappointed (don't hold your breath), if I don't agree with you.
This rant is based upon recent events in which a well known Iowa legislator was charged with raping his wife who had Alzheimer's disease. I'm totally appalled at the behavior of the woman's daughters, the Iowa legal system, and the nursing home she was confined to at the time of the alleged incident. My heart goes out to her husband.
By all accounts, the two of them were a loving, affection couple who in the winter of their lives found love, passion, companionship and genuine affection. Both had previously lost their long time spouses, and both, over the age of 70 found renewed love with one another. No one disputes that they were inseparable. She went with him to his work as an Iowa state representative. They worked together on the farm they owned. There are no accounts of turmoil or unrest in their relationship. They were deeply in love with one another, and when she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease anyone can easily imagine the turmoil and sadness it must have brought to both of them.
After her diagnosis, he did not abandon her to her family. He continued to love her and care for her exactly as he had always done since their marriage. Her daughters, feeling that she was not receiving the supervision and care she needed, removed her from the home she lived in with her husband and placed her in a nursing home, against his wishes, even though it was his wish to keep her in their home and hire aides in their home to help with her care. All of this couple's choices were taken from them. Their lives were stolen from them by well meaning but misguided family.
Now, I can hear the roar of so many who probably believe that placing their mother in a nursing home was the best course of action. I can hear some of you saying I don't know what I'm talking about, so I'm going to share part of my mother's story, so you can possibly understand my feelings on this subject.
When my mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, she was 65. She was a widow, but being a young and active 65 year old, she still worked, frequently dated and spent a great deal of time in social activities with her friends. At 65 she was still sexually active, passionate about life, and still actively sought the companionship of intelligent, physically active men. She did not enjoy being alone. She wanted to find her last great love and she had every reason to believe she would find that man and live out the rest of her life with someone she loved.
Within the 1st year of my mother's diagnosis, she met a man, and she fell in love. He was not the kind of man she would have normally dated. I did not approve. However, she was well aware of her Alzheimer's, she had been an RN. She was frightened and depressed. She cried frequently and she was afraid of being alone. She was both sad and angry that my father had died and left her alone. No amount of family support and love came anywhere close to satisfying her need for romantic connection. She wanted a man who would hold her close when she was afraid, who she could curl up to in the dark of night when her fears were even more amplified by the silence and the dark. So in spite of the fact that I had Power of Attorney and was her medical surrogate , I did not remove my mother from this man's influence. He made her happy and I knew that small bit of happiness would be short and fleeting. I monitored her relationship with him and when it eventually ended, I was the one who listened to her grief and watched her tears. One of my own most wrenching memories during my mother's illness was sitting with my mother as she cried and thru her tears asking, “Why doesn't anyone want me? I'm still pretty (and she was).” I was not prepared to answer that question. I had no clue what to say to her. My head filled with nothing but empty platitudes.
The way my mother felt I believe is probably very much the same way the woman in this tragedy felt. The woman in this story, did not live for very long once she was placed in the nursing home. For the last weeks of her life, her beloved husband, the man who held her at night and calmed her fears was not even allowed to see her. She died without him, and his life is forever destroyed.
Stay tuned: There is so much about this situation that makes my heart sink it will require another post.
“Is there a problem if we are good-looking?” a young Dalit man, who was thrashed by Rajput men of his village for sporting a moustache, asks a reporter. This cheeky throwaway defiance by 24-year-old Maheriya is matched by Parmar, an electrician from the same village in Gujarat's Gandhinagar district. He too was beaten by the Rajputs, convinced that men from his lowly cleaning caste had no right to sport a moustache. He is determined that whatever happens, he will continue to keep his moustache. His 17-year-old cousin, also attacked and with 15 stitches on his back, cannot wait for his facial hair to grow. Soon, social media exploded with Dalit men flashing their moustaches. The police report that the attack on the 17-year-old was fabricated, but other similar attacks are under investigation.
During the travels of our Karwane-e-Mohabbat, an initiative seeking justice and livelihoods for survivors of mass violence and lynching, through eight states in September, everywhere we found that Muslims were overwhelmingly the largest community targeted by hate violence. They were resigned to live with the everyday fear of hate attacks, with little expectation of justice or protection by the State. Dalits too were attacked, but there was a difference. Everywhere they were fighting back — angry, unbent.
In April, the Dalits in Shabbirpur, in western Uttar Pradesh, decided to erect a statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar on land owned by the community, within the premises of their Ravidas temple. They commissioned a statue of Ambedkar in his standard posture: holding the Constitution in one hand and pointing his finger with the other. But the Rajputs in the village were furious. “It is our government now,” they are reported to have said after the BJP government led by Yogi Adityanath took power. “How can we accept that Ambedkar should point to the public road on which the upper-castes of the village also walk?”
In retaliation, on May 5, the Rajputs from surrounding villages descended on the Dalit enclave in tractors, jeeps and motorcycles, brandishing swords and knives. They set aflame the Dalit basti, thrashed the men and molested many women. Some Rajput men were ultimately arrested, but the police filed grave charges against the Dalit leaders, many of who were sent to jail.
When we visited them, we found the Dalits united in their rage and determination to fight back. The upper-castes imposed an economic boycott, refusing to employ the mostly landless Dalits who worked on their fields and brick-kilns. It was hard now to light their kitchen fires, but this had not crushed their spirit. The Dalits retaliated by turning their backs on their Hindu faith, emptying their homes of idols and pictures of Hindu deities, and collectively converting to Buddhism. The women spoke openly of the sexual violence they had suffered. Even children defiantly wore lockets embossed with Jai Bhim, knowing that this infuriated both their teachers and Rajput classmates.
We also visited Dangawas village in Nagaur, Rajasthan. Here the attack on Dalits in May 2015 was ignited by their fight to reclaim their land, and led to the loss of six lives. Some 40 years earlier, the Dalits had mortgaged their land to a Jat landlord. Despite repaying the loan and interest many times over, and a lengthy battle fought and won across many courts, the Jats refused to return the land. They finally occupied it forcefully, but for barely a month. The Jats crushed them under tractors, mutilated their bodies, and assaulted the women. The police switched off their phones, and later registered criminal charges against the Dalit men. Two years of boycott had impoverished them, threats and intimidation continued, but again their spirit was not crushed.
In Gujarat, in Kashor village in Anand district, Class X-educated Shailesh Manibhai earned his livelihood by skinning cattle. Whenever an animal died in a farmer's home, it was left at a designated site in the village. However, heavy rains swamped this site and Shailesh had to move to another site to skin the dead cows. To teach him a lesson, furious Rajput men thrashed him and even his mother who tried to mediate. Resolved to fight back, Shailesh registered police complaints under the SC and ST atrocities Act against his attackers, and announced that he was renouncing his caste profession. Now the villagers would have to lift animal carcasses on their own.
The Dalits have long endured unspeakable violence and cruelty from privileged castes. Today everywhere they are signalling that they will fight back. The BJP can ignore India's Muslims and still win power. But they can ignore mounting Dalit anger against upper-caste hate violence and injustice only at their own peril.
Harsh Mander is author, Fatal Accidents of Birth: Stories of Suffering, Oppression and Resistance
The views expressed are personal
First Published: Oct 24, 2017 17:58 IST
Our C++ team just returned from the main event in the C++ world, the CppCon 2017 conference in Bellevue, Washington. While our impression of this fantastic event is still fresh, we'd like to share our thoughts and findings here with you.
Talks
CppCon covers a whole range of C++ topics each year. You can learn about the language itself, from current features to the upcoming standards, the dark corners and trickiness of C++. Many strong C++ developers come to CppCon to share their personal experience in C++ customization for Game Dev, Embedded, and other areas. Libraries are also a popular session topic, as well as tools, including package managers, IDEs, tools for static and dynamic code analysis, debugging, etc.
Most keynotes are dedicated to the hottest topics or break-through changes. This year's conference, however, started with a different talk. Bjarne Stroustrup talked about Learning and Teaching Modern C++. The talk reminded all of us of how important it is to teach and spread good practices, especially when applied to C++. Even if you are not teaching any students, you still share knowledge with your co-workers.
Herb Sutter's keynote, Meta: Thoughts on generative C++, was an expanded version of his ACCU talk. While the ACCU talk focused mostly on the exciting introduction of the Metaclasses idea, his CppCon rendition provided more details. The proposal had been introduced to the C++ committee in July, helping Herb perfect his CppCon talk and elaborate the reasoning behind the Metaclasses, as well as a wider set of various usage examples. We also would like to thank Herb for making public the idea that since the abstractions in the language are hiders, they have to be designed in such a way that they be toolable. This will be a win-win for both parties, the language (to push the usage of abstractions forward) and the developers (to facilitate the development process with various tools).
Matt Godbolt delivered a fantastic presentation, What Has My Compiler Done for Me Lately? Unbolting the Compiler's Lid, which was of course dedicated to Compiler Explorer.
More interestingly, it unveiled not only the history of Compiler Explorer's creation, but presented a bunch of tricky examples which show that a) indeed compilers are smart to optimize your code in ways you may never think of, and b) reading assembly for your code could be beneficial to your development process. We've even ‘booked' Matt to give us a special interview here on the CLion blog.
Google's Titus Winters did a talk entitled C++ as a “Live at Head” Language, where he introduced Abseil, an open-source collection of C++ library code. Extensively used within Google, this collection presents an interesting idea of C++ language standard compliancy. What if you are still bound to C++11 but want to start using features incorporated into C++14, C++17, and beyond? Abseil libraries help with some forward-compatible abstractions similar to such new features.
There were dozens of other bright and extremely useful sessions in the schedule, like:
Function default arguments: Slingshot or Shotgun? by Michael Price, where he showed tricky samples with DFA. The audience tried to guess which arguments were passed to this or that function call, and quite often failed. If you are interested, find the samples on GitHub.
Diego Rodriguez-Losada Gonzalez delivered a slick and impressive presentation of Conan, one of the most promising C++ package and dependency managers.
Can you talk about C++ in verse? Tony Van Eerd did so in his talk on Postmodern C++!
Modules are likely to join the C++ standard soon. Nathan Sidwell surveyed the scene in his talk Implementing C++ Modules in G++. It seems the roadmap is still huge for G++, but it was an interesting overview of various implementation problems and questions that raised up.
The Quiet Little Gem In Modern C++: , by Charles Bay. A fascinating discussion of the highly useful, yet underused (and little-known), features of std::error_code and std::error_condition .
Our team also gave a couple of talks. Some of the recordings are already available on YouTube:
New standards to the rescue: the view through an IDE's glasses, by Anastasia Kazakova
Tools from the C++ eco-system to save a leg, by Anastasia Kazakova
The Holy Grail – A Hash Array Mapped Trie for C++, by Phil Nash
A Composable Command Line Parser (lightning talk), by Phil Nash
Speeding up Preprocessor (lightning talk), by Ivan Sorokin
Booth
We'd like to thank everyone who dropped by our booth for a chat. We learned a lot about your experience with CLion and ReSharper C++, heard some interesting feature requests, and were very pleased with tons of positive feedback and helpful improvement suggestion. We also would like to congratulate our licenses raffle winners (the emails have already been sent) and those who solved our C++ quiz and won a CLion T-shirt featuring a cute sea lion!
By the way, our survey at the booth provided an interesting overview of the C++ ecosystem. We collected over 40 responses which show that the majority is using C++11 and C++14:
These results are similar to those we received a year ago.
In 2017, the GCC compiler is trending among the respondents, with Clang coming in second:
In 2016, GCC was also on top, but the second place was occupied by Microsoft Visual C++ compiler.
There are also CppCon trip reports from other attendees which you may find interesting.
That about wraps it up. We hope to see you at CppCon next year!
If there is unrest and violence after election day, I think we now know why. https://t.co/P6WNdG36f5 — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) October 13, 2016
Trump's talk of the general election being fixed began August 1, when he echoed radio conspiracy theorist Alex Jones in saying during a speech, “I'm afraid the election is going to be rigged.” Trump was even more definitive later that day, telling Sean Hannity that the November 8 vote was “going to be rigged.”
Of course, there's no evidence for this, just as there's no evidence of widespread voter fraud, but that hasn't stopped Trump from stoking fear about “other communities,” like heavily black Philadelphia, stealing the election. Increasingly, though, this talk is leading to renewed fear about violence on Election Day and its aftermath.
Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke Jr., a prominent Trump supporter, tweeted on Saturday morning:
It's incredible that our institutions of gov, WH, Congress, DOJ, and big media are corrupt & all we do is bitch. Pitchforks and torches time pic.twitter.com/8G5G0daGVN — David A. Clarke, Jr. (@SheriffClarke) October 15, 2016
On the same day, The Boston Globe published a story in which Trump supporters in Cincinnati, Ohio, talked openly about violence—including assassinating Clinton. “If she's in office, I hope we can start a coup. She should be in prison or shot,” one supporter told the paper. “We're going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that's what it takes. There's going to be a lot of bloodshed.”
Sometime overnight Saturday, a Republican Party office in North Carolina was firebombed, and the words “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” were spray-painted on an adjacent building.
By Sunday, Politico was reporting that the White House, the Clinton campaign, and leaders on Capitol Hill are all concerned about “violence—perhaps against Muslims, Latinos or any of the many other groups [Trump] has targeted in his campaign.”
It's worth being concerned about.
Christopher Strain, a Florida Atlantic University historian and author of Reload: Rethinking Violence in American Life, told The New Republic he fears a spike in hate crimes after November, perhaps abetted by the open-carry movement. “A lot of the worst political violence in American history has been racialized, and there are shades of that in the Trump rallies,” Strain said.
The peacekeeping role may soon fall to Republican leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan, who's saying he's “fully confident the states will carry out this election with integrity.” (Former George W. Bush spokesman Tony Fratto told Politico that Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and the Republican National Committee might “have to concede for [Trump], for the party. They just have to take things out of his hands.”) But Trump has been savaging Ryan lately, turning his supporters even more strongly against the GOP establishment. In one of many disparaging tweets speaker last week, Trump called the speaker a “very weak and ineffective leader.”
In this context, does it really matter what Ryan says? Does it really matter that Trump's running mate Mike Pence insists, “We will absolutely accept the result of the election”? If election night arrives and the Republican Party acknowledges Trump has lost the election but Trump himself doesn't, who are his supporters going to listen to?
What's more, several high-profile Republicans are endorsing Trump's rigged election narrative, showing no signs they'll vouch for the legitimacy of the process. “They are attempting to rig this election,” Senator Jeff Sessions said on Saturday. “They will not succeed.” Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich on Sunday accused TV executives of a “coup d'etat” against Trump. And former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani pushed the voter fraud canard Sunday on CNN, saying, “I'm sorry, dead people generally vote for Democrats.”
Gabriel Schoenfeld, a former senior adviser to 2012 GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney, surveyed these examples in a Sunday op-ed in the Daily News titled “As Donald Trump's campaign flails, the violence and bloodshed will only get worse.” Ryan's “implicit rebuke of Trump is at least a start if a characteristically timid one from the Republican party's supposedly bold new leader,” he writes. “The main point is that Ryan fails to condemn Trump's frighteningly dangerous game.”
That is the main point. With three weeks to go, it's looking like Trump will lose this election. What he does next is entirely his call. He can step away graciously, surprising everyone and, because he has set the bar so low, even earning some slight respect. Or he can do what he's more likely to do—protest, cry foul, and continue to whip up the forces of rage and resentment that have fueled his campaign. In this way, we're still at the mercy of Donald Trump. And we're there because of people like Paul Ryan.
Which is to say, if there's violence on Election Day or thereafter, the candidate himself won't be the only one to blame.
The criminal charges filed in Hawaii against the Rockies shortstop Jose Reyes will be dropped, Jennifer Sinco Kelleher of the Associated Press reports. The domestic abuse trial that had been schedule for Opening Day will not go forward, per the prosecuting attorney, because Reyes's wife — the alleged victim — was not willing to cooperate in the case.
Of course, the termination of criminal proceedings does not mean that Reyes will necessarily avoid discipline from the league under its domestic violence policy. Commissioner Rob Manfred recently handed Yankees hurler Aroldis Chapman a 30-game suspension despite the fact that — unlike Reyes — he was not arrested or charged in the incident in question. Chapman and the MLBPA also agreed not to appeal that ban, which some have suggested may have reduced its duration.
The charges stemmed from an incident on Halloween night last fall in which Reyes allegedly assaulted his wife in their hotel room. According to reports at the time, Reyes's wife accused him at the time of grabbing her throat and pushing her into a sliding glass door. He was arrested as she was taken to a hospital for treatment.
Reyes has already been placed on paid administrative leave by the league pending the outcome of his case. He did not appear in Spring Training with the Rockies as a result. Now, Manfred faces the difficult matter of investigating and reaching a resolution on the matter with the regular season set to open in less than a week.
The Rockies, who acquired Reyes in last summer's Troy Tulowitzki deal, owe the veteran shortstop $48MM over the next two years, including a buyout of a 2018 club option. Colorado would stand to avoid paying a pro-rated portion of that for whatever length of time, if any, Reyes is unavailable due to suspension. The Rockies seem set to utilize prospect Trevor Story at shortstop in Reyes's absence; needless to say, the future outlook for Reyes and the club remain unclear at this time.
This week's remix brought to you by @jakeplaysthings
Some PUBG talk, Lang drank too much at a party again, and Darryl is crushing that #dadlife. Don't hate, appreciate.
Team GFB Radio – Episode 142 – Grounded For Biting
Original Air Date: July 10th, 2017
4:45 – Dave recaps Fire & Ice 5, as best he can remember it.
11:25 – Darryl took his family to the Dan TDM Live show, and it was great.
24:35 – Dave went to the MI retreat, and it's now 200% better than it was last year.
28:05 – Here's the lengthy Paddle Boats/Paddle Board digression you've been clamoring for.
38:40 – Dave went to Logan Hardware for the first time, and almost became a 3rd Strike legend.
44:10 – Chris from Australlia drops a hot trip recap, IG feed at #polessoworldwide
50:55 – Avalon writes in to confirm Utah's parks are on point.
52:20 – Owen from Ballard is not Worldwide but he has started a podcast.
Google just posted the Android 7.1.1 Developer Preview files for the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, and Pixel C! The timing is perfect, since the Pixel and Pixel XL are arriving in Verizon stores as early as tomorrow with 7.1. Google did tell us to expect it before the end of October, so they nailed that timeline as well.
There are three ways to get the update to Android 7.1 developer preview at this time. The first is through the Android Beta Program, which will allow Google to send the update to you over-the-air. If you don't want to go that route, you can choose between flashing factory images or OTA .zip files found below.
The current 7.1.1 preview arrives as build NPF10C.
Download Links: Factory Images | OTA .Zip Files
For instructions on how to flash factory images, hit up these instructions. For instructions on flashing OTA zip files, hit up these.
As a recap, the update to Android 7.1 is “incremental,” but does include App Shortcuts, circular icon support, enhanced live wallpaper metadata, image keyboard support, and storage manager intent.
This story is about Published Jan. 2018
Flashback: Before coaching, Tom Herman once got fired from Subway for gorging on pastrami Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
/AP Tom Herman talks to the media during a news conference where he was introduced as Texas' new head NCAA college football coach, Sunday, Nov. 27, 2016, in Austin. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
By Brad Townsend , Staff Writer Contact Brad Townsend on Twitter: @townbrad
Editor's note: This story was originally published on February 21, 2017. AUSTIN -- Long before he became one of college football's most coveted coaches, Tom Herman was like a lot of us Average Joes. Granted, he was a lot smarter than most of us, ultimately becoming a Presidential Scholar and California Lutheran University cum laude graduate. But for much of the 1990s Herman was a self-described "awful athlete" wide receiver at a Division III school, uncertain where his life and career paths would lead. Long before he began making a $5 million base salary at Texas, Herman, like a lot of us, worked various odd jobs during his high school and college years. Actually, he worked quite an array of them. Several were media-related. Herman figures that's the vocation he would have taken had he not become a coach. With his brains and work ethic, Herman probably excelled at most of his jobs. Well, except the one at Subway, from which he got fired after a few months (detailed below).
How Longhorns coach Tom Herman wants to be ‘dad to everybody' after losing father to addiction, homelessness
Funny thing is, Herman's college quarterback and apartment roommate, Zack Hernandez, figures some of Tom's early jobs actually paid better than the first coaching position he landed, in 1998. "I always knew that when I graduated from college, I wanted to go make money in business," Hernandez said. "Tom had the opportunity to do all kinds of things. "When he told me about his first coaching job, I was like, 'You're brilliant. You get great grades. You can get any job you want. And you want to be a coach making $5,000 a year at Texas Lutheran College?" When I casually asked Herman if he worked any offbeat jobs before coaching, he mentioned so many -- nine -- we decided to list them, ranked from least to most interesting: 9. Tuxedo shop "When I was in high school, we didn't want for anything, but for spending money I worked several jobs," Herman says. One of those was working in a tuxedo shop, where he measured guys' inseams, waists, shoulders, feet, etc. for prom and wedding rentals. Obviously, working at a prom dress store would have had more perks. 8. Batting cage Another job Herman held while attending Simi Valley (Calif.) High School. The upside to this one was that Herman, in addition to playing football and running track (for a year), played baseball -- initially. "Again, I'm an awful athlete," he said. "I was probably a better baseball player than anything, but the game was so boring to me. And during my junior or senior year, we were, I think, No. 1 or No. 2 in the country, so it would have been pretty hard for me to see the field."
7. Subway Judging from his widely analyzed grocery shopping habits, Herman isn't much of a cook. More than likely, though, he's well-versed at whipping up tasty, protein-laden sandwiches.
Thanks great people of @Randalls_Stores for helping me navigate my 1st grocery trip in a while. Can't wait to see @belletjh & kids this wknd pic.twitter.com/NmNd4UHB7D — Coach Tom Herman (@CoachTomHerman) January 5, 2017
When young Herman, again during high school, worked at a Subway restaurant in Simi Valley, he took full advantage of the nutritional bonuses and running punch line it afforded him. "When people said, 'Hey, what do you do?' I would say, 'I'm a Subcontractor. Or Submarine contractor." Alas, due to an unfortunate, shall we say, incident, he estimates the job only lasted four to six months. "I used to love the pastrami," he says. "They had those big walk-in refrigerators. I was standing in there one day, with the door shut, just throwing pastrami in my mouth. "It was like something out of a movie. I've got this bin of meat, throwing meat in my mouth, the door swings open and it's the owner. "He goes, 'Get out. Don't come back.' "
6. Campus radio I While at California Lutheran University, Herman briefly worked for the campus radio station, "almost daily, if not daily," he recalls. "It was an NPR station. There was very little talking. (His shift) was going from those morning coffee shows to whatever. Ever listen to NPR Radio? So boring." 5. Campus radio II Herman originally was recruited to play football at the University of California-Davis, but he redshirted and was only there for one football season (1993) before transferring to Cal Lutheran. After playing one injury-filled season at Cal Lutheran, he transferred back to UC-Davis for the spring semester and briefly gave up football, but missed the sport and transferred back to Cal Lutheran. So he went from UC Davis to Lutheran to Davis to Lutheran. Got it? Anyway, during one of those semesters at Davis (Herman doesn't recall which one), he had a once-per week show on the campus station, KDVS (90.3 FM), broadcasting from the basement of the student union. Herman recalls that his weekly show was on Wednesday. "It was non-commercial, so you couldn't play anything that you could hear on other radio stations, basically. I would put on vinyl, I'd play old-school hip hop. I learned how to mix and scratch and do all that." There was a downside, however. Herman's "show" was from 2 a.m. to 5 a.m. Good ratings? "Never saw the book," he said with a smile. Certainly, multitudes tuned in to hear Tom Herman, right? "I think it was in the double-digits."
Way back in the day, Texas' Tom Herman was coaching for just $5,000 and a meal card
4. XTRA Sports Radio 690 While still in college, Herman got a taste of working in big-time radio, though, initially, it probably didn't feel big-time. Good news: XETRA (690 AM) was an ESPN-affiliated sports station, billing itself as XTRA Sports 690. Bad news: Herman's first "job" responsibility had nothing to do with sports. "I drove the little promotional hummer around one summer, throwing T-shirts and Mountain Dew to people at the beach," he said. "Then I got my foot in the door. I produced a weekly show with two young hosts for a few months. It was like a Saturday night, local only, from 9 p.m. to midnight. I was like, 'Dude, just run the nationally syndicated stuff.'" One of the hosts, Matador A. Martinez, has hit it big in Los Angeles radio. Herman thinks the other guy, whose name he can't recall, got on Real World Hawaii several years later. 3. Local TV Longtime Cowboys fans know that the team held training camp at Cal Lutheran from 1963 to 1989. By the time Herman got to the school, however, the Cowboys had moved training camp to St. Edwards University in Austin. "Never saw them," Herman says, somewhat ruefully, though he grew up a Bengals fan, having been born in Cincinnati. "But we still had a blue star in the tile in the middle of our locker room." Without the Cowboys, sports coverage options in Oxnard were more limited when Herman briefly worked at a TV station that served Ventura County. He doesn't recall the call letters but believes the station was a WB affiliate (according to Wikipedia, Oxnard-based KJLA was a WB affiliate from 1995 to 1998). Herman said he worked as an assistant producer. "I'd go shoot B-roll of boys basketball games, write copy, got on air a couple of times, I think, did a package or two." 2. NFL on Fox One of the upsides to playing at a Division III school is that you don't have as many football-related time requirements as, for instance, at a Division I school. One of the downsides was that Cal Lutheran was non-scholarship, which meant paying $30,000 a year to attend school. Most players got jobs because they needed them. "We could even have jobs during the season," Herman said. "So on Sundays, I would drive down to the (Fox) studio in West Hollywood, and literally go into the NFL on Fox studios. "This was back when they recorded games on those big laser discs. I was a highlight coordinator. My job was to go in and watch games, watch and type. Basically every time the camera frame changed, I had to log it as something: 'Emmitt Smith rushed for 4 yards. . . . Close-up of Jimmy Johnson on the sidelines . . . 37-yard field goal.' "That way, when you're watching Packers vs. Vikings, young Tom Herman has his eyeballs on the Cowboys vs. Redskins game. When J.B. (James Brown) and Howie (Long) cut into your game and say, 'Let's give you a quick update,' you'd see highlights and they would read information I typed." Seems like fun, especially for a football-crazy college kid. However, Herman's favorite "job" in college was . . . 1. Cal Lutheran P.A. announcer Herman says he loved making a little side money by working as the public address announcer for Cal Lutheran baseball, volleyball and men's and women's basketball games. How little money? He got $25 for baseball and volleyball games. "Basketball was the big-money one because I had to wear a tie and sit at the scorer's table," Herman said. "I got $40 a game." Apparently, Herman was somewhat of a show-off. Hernandez, Herman's Cal Lutheran quarterback and roommate, had a twin brother on the baseball team. "Tom would make up names like Chris Berman does, like 'Steven the Gas Pump,'" Hernandez said. "He's cracking up everyone in the stands. "One thing about Tom, as intense and serious as he is about coaching, he does have those moments like, 'If we're not having fun, what the heck are we in this for.' " Upon hearing Herman brag about his P.A. prowess, Texas associate athletic director for media relations John Bianco suggested to the coach that he come to a Longhorn basketball game and step into his old job for a few minutes. "Can we do it?" Herman asked, excitedly. "Dude, I miss it to this day." Twitter: @townbrad
This Topic is Missing Your Voice.
She said
When I was growing up, my mother often fretted that I wasn't “more ladylike”. She couldn't understand why I didn't want to wear more lipstick and eyeliner – to be, as she called it, “as pretty as I could be” – or why I dressed in the first two items of clothing I picked up off my bedroom floor. To her, my ambivalence toward dolling myself up indicated a lack of self-respect. When really, it just wasn't something I cared about. I found fancy “girls'” clothes hobbling. You couldn't run in tight jeans. You couldn't swim in makeup.
Gender non-conformity: breaking the binary in teen fiction Read more
He said
When I was growing up, I wore brown and tan two-tone corduroy shorts, collared alligator shirts buttoned to the top, Adidas sweat suits like Run DMC. Flip flops. Or Stan Smiths and Levi's 501 shrink-to-fit jeans when it was cold. When I swam, I wore just bottoms, trunks mostly, but sometimes bikinis when that's all my mother would buy me. I refused to wear the tops though. Water and sun feels so good across a bare chest, and boys didn't wear tops to swim, so I didn't either. Until one day, during a 6th grade birthday party at the local university's Olympic-sized pool, when I overheard some kids making fun of me being topless, showing off my “boobs” (even though there wasn't anything to show off). I never swam topless again.
She said
By the time I reached high school, I realised that for girls, wardrobe choices were only the tip of the confinement iceberg. As a female, I was expected to play by the rules, speak softly, wait my turn, and be grateful for any and all attention that came my way, whether I wanted said attention or not. “You catch more flies with honey,” my mother would counsel. “But, flies, mom,” I'd counter, while she shook her head disapprovingly. My male friends didn't have to alter their personalities, or subsume their wants and needs. No one was chiding them to be sweet enough to catch flies.
He said
By the time I reached high school, I devised a manner of dress and behaviour that threaded the needle between what I wanted and what everybody else thought I should want. As somebody designated “girl” at birth, and raised as such, it was clear I needed to have long hair, to smile, and to wear garments that “showed off my figure”. I (somehow, unhappily) managed the former two, but there was no way I was going to attempt the latter. I didn't wear makeup, shave my legs, or do anything explicitly to attract boys' attention. I lived most of my days outdoors, swimming, riding motorcycles and skateboarding with my male friends. Some of them wanted to date me, and sure, I liked their company – but just not that way.
She said
The older I grew, the more I rejected the girly container I'd been put into. I chose to be outspoken. To be funny. To have sex. I styled my hair the way I felt in the moment, not the way magazines said I should. I played sports. I wrote poems. I did what I desired, just as my boyfriends and boyfriends always did. They believed they could be anything, experience everything – that they deserved the full platter of life. Their hunger inspired my own. The rules were so different for them. I can't remember anyone in my youth ever shaming a boy for how he looked. (Unless he looked like a girl.)
Trans teens: What is 'normal' anyway? Read more
He said
The older I grew, the more I figured out who and what I really was. That is, not a girl at all, but rather a boy who never really got the opportunity to be a boy, but who nevertheless still had a chance to become the man I knew I could be. I dated women, bought boxer briefs and tight, binding athletic binders for my chest. Eventually I began taking testosterone, had surgery. You don't know privilege until the first time a stranger moves out of your way on the street and calls you “Sir.”
She said
My mother always wanted me to be a traditional girl.
He said
Mine too.
She said
But I never was.
He said
Me neither.
We said
Now that we are grown and have two teenage daughters of our own, we tell them every day that they are loved, that their voices matter, that they should use them. We avoid putting them in any category. If they want to wear slinky dresses and false eyelashes, great. If they want to shave their heads and don combat boots, that's fine too. Hopefully, they'll try both. Because the truth is, identity is never simply one thing. We are all more than the boxes we check on the government forms. No one is just “female” or “male” or “black” or “white” or “Asian,” or “educated” or “divorced” or “a homeowner” or “the breadwinner”. We all contain multitudes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: The Guardian
And so we tell our children. When they worry about fitting in, about being judged, about who they are meant to be. We remind them that underneath, we are all “other”. So tick that box. Tick it every time.
Allison Glock-Cooper and T Cooper Changers, Book One: Drew is available from the Guardian bookshop. Read the first chapter here.
Live Twitter chat 28 January 2016 7-8pm
Allison Glock-Cooper @AllisonGlock and T Cooper @RealTCooper aim to join our first Twitter chat of the year on @GdnChildrensBks. We are going to be discussing all things trans on Thursday 28 January from 7-8pm #Gdnteentrans, along with Lisa Williamson, author of our current teen book club read The Art of Being Normal @lisa_letters, transgender author Juno (ex James) Dawson @junodawson, Robin Talley @robin_talley author of Lies We Tell Ourselves and hopefully @razielreid author much talked about debut When Everything Feels like the Movies. More on that later @GdnChildrensBks.
One more thing: LGBT lit fest
We wanted to tell you about a fab LGBT lit and history festival going on at the Museum of London on Sunday 7 February 2017 run by Schools Out UK! They'll be loads for teens and families with guests including Juno Dawson (formerly known as James), Stuart Milk, Ros Asquith and Bonnie Greer. Find out more here. The event is free and families/teenagers welcome but you need to pre-book.
The Texas Longhorns are three quarters of the way through the season — that means it's report card time. Let's take a look at this year, broken down by quarter, and find areas of improvement for the final stretch of games.
Q1 – Maryland, San Jose State, USC
Maryland 51, Texas 41
I think we can go ahead and chalk up the Maryland game as a fluke. Not only did the Texas defense give up 51 points to an improved, but still bad Terrapins team – the Longhorns somehow managed to score 41 points. That's a season-high for Texas against a Power Five opponent.
Texas averages just 28 points-per-game in a league where being able to score 50 is a requirement. Naturally, the one game the Longhorns were able to score, the defense was nowhere to be found.
Texas 56, San Jose State 0
Texas coach Tom Herman says this game — even though it was against an awful opponent — was a confidence builder for the defense. At the time, I rolled my eyes. But he was clearly right. The Texas defense flipped a switch this week and became the dominating force on this team. It was also an introduction to college football for Sam Ehlinger — who would be thrust into the national spotlight the following week.
That being said, San Jose State is widely considered one of the worst teams in college football — ranking No. 121 in total offense and No. 127 in total defense. This game — in the grand scheme of things — was not supposed to matter. It now could be the deciding factor between bowl eligibility and a lonely, cold Austin winter for Herman.
No. 4 USC 27, Texas 24
Outside of a few extremely Texas plays (Ronald Jones touchdown as first half expired, Kris Boyd immediately giving up OT touchdown), this game was the first in a season filled with moral victories.
It was also the kick-off of injury season — Connor Williams went down early and Texas had to haphazardly throw together an offensive line whose only consistency was being inconsistent.
This loss still stings — because it really felt like Texas turned a corner. Ehlinger became a household name in Los Angeles — as did Collin Johnson — but it wasn't enough. Texas walked out of the Coliseum with a losing record in non-conference play and a remarkably tough stretch of games ahead.
Q1 Grade: C-
Offense MVP: Sam Ehlinger
Defense MVP: Holton Hill
Teacher's note: Should have studied harder for the Maryland game.
Q2 – Iowa State, Kansas State, Oklahoma
Texas 17, Iowa State 7
Looking back, it's honestly a miracle Texas beat Iowa State in Ames.
At the time, this Thursday night showdown was a bit of a letdown in terms of excitement. Similar to the TCU game, it featured few highlights.
This was the game DeShon Elliott officially became a Thorpe Award favorite by securing two interceptions for the second game in a row.
Shane Buechele, returning off of injury, wasn't able to do much against a much-improved Iowa State team that would travel to Norman the following week and upset the Sooners. A pretty forgettable game, but seeing how Iowa State has played in the weeks following, a relatively impressive road victory.
Texas 40, Kansas State 34
Texas finally jumps above .500 for the first time this season. Ehlinger trucked a Kansas State defender and Elliott pulled in his fifth interception in three games.
We also learned that Texas has no business kicking field goals -- but, unlike 2016, Texas was able to overcome special teams failures and find a way to win. At 2-0 in Big 12 play, Texas now controls its destiny in conference play — and there is no game the Longhorns can't win.
Oklahoma 29, Texas 24
Except this one. Oklahoma — which, unfortunately, had received its annual wake-up call from an unranked team only one week prior — jumped in front early.
Second half heroics from the Texas defense and Ehlinger weren't enough to hold off the Sooners. Even when Texas went ahead 24-23 in the fourth quarter, you knew it wasn't going to last.
It didn't, and busted coverage in the Texas secondary led to Oklahoma's easiest touchdown of the year. A big hit on Ehlinger prohibited him from orchestrating a game-winning drive. Texas drops a close one, but earns another moral victory.
Q2 Grade: A-
Offense MVP: Sam Ehlinger
Defense MVP: DeShon Elliott
Teacher's note: Looks like you've really gotten your act together. Excited to see what next quarter brings.
Q3 – Oklahoma State, Baylor, TCU
Oklahoma State 13, Texas 10
Texas had plenty of opportunities to win. Texas lost.
Texas defense played lights out, holding one of the most prolific offenses in college football to just one touchdown. After the game, Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy declared Texas punter Michael Dickson the 2017 Ray Guy winner.
Moral victory record: 3-0.
Texas 38, Baylor 7
It was legitimately a game to worry about. A winless Baylor team that had played competitively in prior weeks against better teams could very easily knock off a shaky Texas team in Waco.
An 11 a.m. kickoff. ESPNU. Not a lot of buzzes. Quarterback issues on both sides of the ball. This game rivals the San Jose State in terms of watchability. Elliott pick-six, reps for freshman running backs, a win towards bowl eligibility — Texas did what it was supposed to do against a bad team.
TCU 24, Texas 7
Texas had no shot. Holding TCU to 24 points is a defensive accomplishment, but Texas isn't scoring 25+ against a quality defense? Not with this offense. At 3-3 in conference play, Texas is just fighting for a Texas Bowl invitation.
Q3 Grade: C-
Offense MVP: Michael Dickson
Defense MVP: DeShon Elliott
Teacher's note: Ah, yes. There's the Texas I know.
Coaching Grades
Todd Orlando: A-
Teacher's note: Todd, keep up the good work — the Maryland game is the only thing pulling your average down. Please keep giving me a reason to buy gold star stickers.
Tim Beck: D
Teacher's note: Tim, when life hands you lemons, find a way to teach those lemons how to score touchdowns against competent defenses. Please take this home and have your parents sign it.
Tom Herman: B-
Teacher's note: I know you were an A-student last year, but it only gets harder as you get older. Finals are coming up — let's make this last quarter count.
Red Cross Reporting on the Red Cross
In August, the country's worst natural disaster since 2012's Superstorm Sandy hit Louisiana. Flooding killed 13 people and left more than 80,000 homes severely damaged.
And once again, the American Red Cross' response left local officials seething.
“They failed for 12 days,” the director of a state children's agency wrote in an email on Aug. 26. He listed a litany of shortcomings: “Food. Donations management. Understaffed.”
Hundreds of Louisiana government documents and emails between officials obtained by ProPublica through freedom of information requests show widespread mismanagement and understaffing at Red Cross-run shelters. Some evacuees went hungry, thirsty and without medical attention as a result.
People at one shelter had “no food or water for 24 hours over the weekend,” wrote the head of a local nonprofit eight days after the flooding began. “A woman gave birth with no medical assistance.” Another day, the shelter served only 195 meals out of 500 because Red Cross workers showed up late.
“People were pretty much just dumped there and forgotten about,” the nonprofit director, Janet Rhodus, told ProPublica. “I just happened to stop in and volunteer and I was appalled.”
State officials shut down the shelter after a week and local nonprofit groups say many area residents are still sleeping in tents, in mold-ridden homes or in their cars.
At the largest Red Cross shelter, inside the Baton Rouge River Center, baby formula was in such short supply that volunteers paid for it out of pocket, state workers found. A truckload of formula was donated by a manufacturer and delivered to a temporary Red Cross warehouse nearby but was left unused for days.
“Red Cross, Red Cross, Red Cross!!!” wrote a deputy to the governor when forwarding a long list of residents' complaints. In response, another official wrote: “It is a lot to be trying to cleanup their problems as we go.”
The stumbles are part of a long pattern of problematic Red Cross responses to disasters. As ProPublica has detailed, the Red Cross has sharply cut back on local chapters and staff during CEO Gail McGovern's decade-long tenure. In a September letter to the government, the ranking member of the U.S. House Committee on Homeland Security said the charity's “poor performance in disaster response activities across the country has called into question Red Cross' ability to meet its responsibilities.” And the charity's troubles in Louisiana this August is similar to complaints aired by local parish officials during a separate round of flooding in March.
In response to questions about its August relief efforts in Louisiana, Red Cross officials blamed its performance problems mostly on the inherent difficulty of the situation.
“Given the size, scope and complexity of this disaster, it is not surprising that the Red Cross and our partners would be confronted by a range of challenges. This circumstance isn't unique to Louisiana or to the Red Cross: it is the very nature of disasters,” the charity said in a statement. “Thus admitting to challenges is acknowledging reality (not failure), and pragmatically inviting collaboration in crafting solutions.” (Read the full statement here.)
After Louisiana officials complained, the Red Cross reached out to 64 parishes to plan for the next potential disaster and set up meetings with officials in the governor's office, promising swift and sweeping changes. The Red Cross said it would “ensure that no persons seeking shelter will be denied a safe place to stay.” The charity is scheduled to meet with state officials today.
Evacuees sought temporary shelter in the the Baton Rouge River Center arena as the area dealt with the record flooding in August. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
Top Red Cross officials were clearly stung by the public criticism from state leaders. After a Baton Rouge Advocate article highlighted problems at shelters and quoted the governor's spokesperson, McGovern wrote to the governor's chief of staff, saying they “were very concerned” about the story.
Red Cross officials privately acknowledged stumbles to state officials. “We are focusing the challenges we've had into 4 major buckets: Readiness and Planning, Staffing and Leadership, Communication, American Red Cross Procedures,” wrote Kay Wilkins, the regional director for the Red Cross.
The Red Cross was chartered by Congress in 1900 and has an official role to work alongside the government after disasters. It is still the charity of choice for many companies and officials after disasters and has collected about $25 million in donations. The Red Cross has asked for at least $35 million to cover the costs of sheltering and feeding those who have been displaced in Louisiana.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards urged people to donate to the Red Cross, among other charities. “We really need help,” he said on Aug. 21. “Typically by this point in a storm, the Red Cross would be receiving a lot more donations.”
That same day, documents show the Red Cross was too understaffed to handle the largest shelter it was supposed to be responsible for, the 10,000-person Baton Rouge River Center. Marketa Walters, secretary of the state's Department of Children and Family Services, wrote that state officials had “hoped Red Cross would be ready to assume leadership today…However, ARC did not have enough staff for the transfer of authority.” The Red Cross did not take over the shelter for another six days.
Many of those staying at the huge shelter only received one hot meal per day from the Red Cross for days after the flooding began, said state Rep. Ted James, whose district includes some of the hardest-hit areas of Baton Rouge. “I was there the night the River Center opened,” James told us. “It was strangely ironic that they are getting an ungodly amount of money and they didn't have the manpower to help.”
Related Stories We're reporting on how one of the country's most venerated charities has failed disaster victims, broken promises and made dubious claims of success. See the series.
Steve Spires, who works in the governor's policy office, wrote that he had gotten texts that Red Cross personnel at the River Center were “being difficult, turning away medical volunteers, throwing away donations, generally not working well with others.” Erin Monroe Wesley, special counsel to the governor, responded: “It's confirmed. I was at the River Center today.”
When James Gilmore, the director of a state children's agency, was asked by a colleague to share concerns for an upcoming meeting with the Red Cross, he wrote back that he was not “really interested in telling them how much of a failure they have been. If they want to help, then where are the debit cards and direct cash assistance these people need to replace clothing, help with gas to get to work, buy work uniforms.”
“Unfortunately, Red Cross' failures in Louisiana seem to be a repeat of what we saw in Mississippi after flooding earlier this year and after Hurricane Katrina over ten years ago,” he said in a statement. “I am growing increasingly frustrated with a Red Cross that rejects oversight and seems unwilling to change.”
All of the emails and documents obtained by ProPublica regarding the Red Cross and Louisiana flood response can be found here.
NASA selected three finalists on Tuesday to be the agency's next cheap, robotic exploration mission. Depending on which wins, a probe will head for Venus, the moon, or a near-Earth object no later than 2018.
The latter two missions would include the return of samples, while the Venusian lander would test the planet's composition much like the Phoenix Lander did on Mars. The NASA anointing means that the teams proposing the excursions will have some money to make more detailed plans.
The winning mission will be the next in a series of explorations under the New Frontiers program. New Frontiers missions have to run under $650 million and be ready to launch relatively quickly. In this case, the final pick will be made in 2011 and will launch just seven years later.
While NASA personnel will be digging into the proposals to come up with the official decision, we'd like to know which proposal you like. Read up on the contenders, and vote in the poll afterwards.
Name: The Surface and Atmosphere Geochemical Explorer (SAGE)
Destination: Venus
Principal Investigator: Larry Esposito of the University of Colorado in Boulder
Plan: The SAGE mission would release a probe that would descend through Venus' thick atmosphere to its surface. There, it would dig into the crust and measure its composition, not unlike what the Phoenix Lander did on Mars.
Why: “Venus is like a twin sister of the Earth, and it's gone terribly bad,” Esposito told Colorado Daily. Scientists want to know what happened.
Name: Origins Spectral Interpretation Resource Identification Security Regolith Explorer (Osiris-Rex)
Destination: A “primitive asteroid”
Principal Investigator: Michael Drake, of the University of Arizona in Tucson
Plan: Osiris-Rex would fly to a primitive asteroid, orbit it, and then land on it. After collecting 2 ounces of material, it would fly the samples back to Earth. It's a bit like Russia's planned Phobos-Grunt mission, which would return samples from a Martian moon. (Osiris is pictured above.)
Why: “A primary motivation for an asteroid sample return mission is the desire to both acquire samples with known geologic context and to return materials that are either unlikely to survive passage to Earth (e.g., friable, volatile-rich material) or would be compromised by terrestrial contamination upon their fall (e.g., extraterrestrial organics).” — according to a description of the mission plan [pdf]
Name: MoonRise
Destination: Aitken Basin, at the Moon's South Pole
Principal Investigator: Bradley Jolliff, of Washington University in St. Louis
Plan: The mission would place a lander in a south polar lunar basin, where it would excavate about two pounds of lunar material. The samples would be returned to Earth.
Why: The area where MoonRise would dig is believed to be composed of rocks from the moon's mantle conveniently exposed by a massive meteorite strike. Understanding the interior of the moon could help explain a lot about the formation of the solar system.
Image: Osiris-Rex.
See Also:
WiSci 2.0: Alexis Madrigal's Twitter, Google Reader feed, and green tech history research site; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook.
Friday's CONCACAF World Cup qualifying match between Costa Rica and Honduras has been postponed until Saturday due to severe rainfall caused by tropical storm Nate, the Costa Rican soccer federation has announced.
"Given the difficult situation that our country is suffering from due to the tropical storm, the Costa Rican federation together with the government and authorities from FIFA have decided to reschedule the qualifier game against Honduras for next Saturday at 4 p.m. local time," the FCF said in a statement.
⚠️Atención⚠️
Ante la difícil situación que está atravesando el país se decidió reprogramar el juego eliminatorio ante @FenafuthOrg.
📰 pic.twitter.com/mjwYBX2WXf — FEDEFUTBOL (@FEDEFUTBOL_CR) October 5, 2017
Tropical storm Nate ravaged Central America on Thursday as it dumped rain across the region on a path that would carry it toward a potential landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast over the weekend.
Costa Rica -- in second place in the region -- are one point away from guaranteeing a spot in the 2018 World Cup, with Honduras, Panama and the United States vying for the third and fourth place.
The U.S. hosts Panama on Friday, trailing its visiting third-place opponent by one point and level on points with Honduras, but ahead on goal differential for the fourth spot.
The delay means that the teams that play on Friday won't know qualification scenarios ahead of Tuesday's final round of matches until the Costa Rica-Honduras match is completed some 24 hours later than originally scheduled.
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
The legal team for deadmau5 has drawn a line in the sand in their budding legal battle with Disney, saying the acclaimed music-maker “will not be bullied … and is prepared to fight to protect his rights to his property” in their newfound litigation over his logo, which they claim could lead to confusion in the marketplace with their Mickey Mouse emblem.
Disney Tuesday filed a 171-page document trying to block deadmau5 from registering a trademark for his logo, called the “mau5head,” in the U.S., despite the decade-plus the Canadian house music maker has been using it, without issue. (The DJ, who commands as much as $500,000 per outing, routinely wears a headpiece of his emblem during performances, and on his merchandise.)
The performer himself replied with a sense of humor about the grueling court battle that could follow, writing on Twitter that he “landed home to some interesting news: looks like Disney officially just filed in opposition of my trademark… lawyer up mickey.”
landed home to some interesting news: looks like Disney officially just filed in opposition of my trademark… lawyer up mickey. — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 3, 2014
He later added, “Disney thinks you might confuse an established electronic musician / performer with a cartoon mouse. That's how stupid they think you are.”
Disney thinks you might confuse an established electronic musician / performer with a cartoon mouse. That's how stupid they think you are. — deadmau5 (@deadmau5) September 3, 2014
Dina LaPolt, the 33-year-old's lawyer, said the timing of the corporation's opposition rings strange, after the electronic music DJ filed to register it with U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in June 2013.
“Given that the mau5head, and other identifying deadmau5 trademarks, have been used in the U.S. and around the world for almost a decade, we wonder why Disney is only now coming after deadmau5.”
LaPolt noted that the emblem “is a registered trademark in 30 countries worldwide” — among them, Australia, Austria, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and Japan.
Kat Von D & Deadmau5 Call It Quits, She Accuses Him Of Cheating
In their notice of opposition, Disney claims rights to the three-circle logo dating back to 1928, and claims their promotional machine has made it “famous,” “iconic,” and “classic.”
Report names Turkey as Europe's ‘most wasteful country'
ISTANBUL
Turkey has the most wasteful residents in Europe, throwing a mammoth 32.3 million tons of household and commercial waste straight to landfill, according to recently issued research by the U.K.-based Expert Market company.
Expert Market ranked the most wasteful countries by investigating the amount of waste that is dumped straight into landfill sites in 29 European countries. It then calculated how many times each country's waste would fill the Colosseum, as well as the predicted cost to the taxpayer by 2025.
Accordingly, Turkey is Europe's “biggest waster,” sending 32.3 million tones of waste to the dump - corresponding to around 58 million m³ volume landfill – which is enough to fill the Colosseum over 44 times. Spain comes second on the list with around 23 m³ volume of landfilled waste, followed by France and Italy with around 18 m³ and 16 m³ respectively.
According to Expert Market, Germany is Europe's “recycling hero.” Although the country generates the highest volume of total waste in Europe with around 106 million m³, only a fraction of this (approximately 169,000 m3) goes to landfill.
The amount of waste transferred to incinerators and landfill sites in Germany would fill the Colosseum a mere 0.1 times, proving how receptive the German public has been to the country's innovative recycling initiatives.
The U.K. emerged as the fifth most wasteful nation in Europe, filling the Colosseum over 11 times. Over 20 percent of household rubbish in the U.K. is thrown straight to landfill.
Expert Market's latest report is the first to put landfill rates in the spotlight to determine which European country is the most wasteful, and also highlights the financial burden that countries will have to bear if they continue at the current rates of landfilling.
Nashville mayoral campaign A look at results by precinct show where each candidate had the greatest support. Use the interactive maps to see how your precinct voted.
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
Megan Barry dominated several neighborhoods inside Nashville's Interstate 440 loop in Thursday's mayoral election, while David Fox carried Davidson County's suburbs, according to a review of unofficial voting numbers.
Those bases gave Barry and Fox separate paths to the Sept. 10 mayoral runoff. And yet neither of the two performed well in predominantly African-American voting precincts in North and Southeast Nashville, making that area a key battleground as they look to expand their coalitions.
Barry, an at-large Metro councilwoman, won big in neighborhoods closer to downtown that tend to be younger and more liberal. Those included her home neighborhood near Belmont and Vanderbilt universities and the rapidly developing 12South and East Nashville areas, collecting more than 50 percent of the vote in each of those precincts.
Fox, a former hedge-fund manager, bested his opponents in neighborhoods that have more Republican voters and dot Davidson County's periphery. These tend to have older families. His top hot spot: the wealthy Forest Hills, Belle Meade and Oak Hill neighborhoods, where he collected around 40 percent or 50 percent of the vote, depending on precinct. He also carried more than 30 percent of the votes in parts of Donelson, Joelton and Bellevue.
As Barry and Fox found their ways to the runoff, real estate executive Bill Freeman finished a close third on Thursday. One of the biggest reasons why it might have been the Jan. 29 decision of Davidson County Criminal Court Clerk Howard Gentry to jump into the race.
Voting results by precinct show that Freeman made strong headway in Nashville's majority African-American neighborhoods. He received as much as 42 percent of the vote in some North Nashville voting precincts. But Gentry, the lone black candidate of the seven contenders, performed almost as well in those particular precincts, and he outperformed Freeman in areas closest to Tennessee State University, where Gentry took more than half the vote.
Freeman, who was polling in first place for much of the race and spent more campaign money than any other candidate, was considered a favorite to do well in suburban areas such as Bellevue, Donelson-Hermitage and Joelton. But he actually performed worse than Fox in Bellevue and about the same in those other areas. Freeman did have nice showings in working class Goodlettsville and Southeast Nashville neighborhoods.
He had less success in affluent neighborhoods. Freeman had very weak numbers in Forest Hills and Green Hills, voting precincts near where he lives and works that Fox carried. He finished with less than 11 percent of the vote in every precinct in that part of town and as low as 7 percent. He did even worse in Belmont- and Vanderbilt-area neighborhoods where Barry succeeded.
In all, 104,690 people voted in Thursday's Metro general election, representing 28.38 percent of all registered voters. In 2007, Nashville's last open mayoral race, 101,207 people voted, good for 30.44 percent turnout.
Here are the top-performing voting precincts for each candidate, and the lowest and what it means.
Megan Barry Barry won big near Belmont, Vanderbilt and East Nashville.
Final vote total: 24,537 votes, 23.5 percent
We all knew Barry's base lived in some of the trendy neighborhoods closer to the inner core of Davidson County. And she delivered. Barry had the largest victories by precincts of all candidates.
Barry's top precincts: Eakin Elementary School, 58.9 percent; Belmont University, 58 percent; East Park Community Center, 54.6 percent; Cora Howe School, 53.4 percent; Shelby Park Community Center, 51.2 percent.
Barry's worst-performing areas were parts of North Nashville and Southeast Nashville that have large numbers of black voters. However, a review of results shows she did do marginally better than Fox in these neighborhoods.
Barry's lowest precincts: Bordeaux Library, 4.1 percent; Whites Creek Fire Hall, 5.1 percent; Olivet Baptist Church, 5.2 percent; New Brick Church Middle School, 5.6 percent; Looby Community Center, 6 percent; Cathedral of Praise, 6.8 percent.
Mobile: Megan Barry results by precinct.
David Fox Support for Fox was strongest in Belle Meade, Forest Hills and Oak Hill.
Final vote total: 23,745 votes, 22.8 percent
Fox did not have as large of victory margins in his top-performing precincts as Barry did. But his strongholds had the highest turnouts of any precincts in Nashville. Fox cruised in Nashville's wealthiest neighborhoods: Belle Meade, Forest Hills and Oak Hill.
Fox's top precincts: Belle Meade City Hall, 54.7 percent; Jewish Community Center, 47.9 percent; Hillsboro Presbyterian Church, 42.5 percent; Brentwood Hills Church of Christ, 41.4 percent; Brook Hollow Baptist Church, 40.5 percent; Calvary United Methodist Church, 40.1 percent.
Fox performed even worse in majority African-American precincts than Barry did, collectively less than 1 percent of the vote in several precincts.
Fox's lowest precincts: Hadley Park Community Center, 0.9 percent; Looby Community Center, 1.4 percent; Napier Community Center, 2.2 percent; Olivet Baptist Church, 2.9 percent; Cathedral of Praise, 3.9 percent; Cleveland Street Park, 4 percent.
Mobile: David Fox results by precinct.
Bill Freeman Freeman did well in North and Southeast Nashville but was hurt by Howard Gentry.
Final vote total: 22,286 votes, 21.4 percent
Freeman had endorsements of several prominent African-American leaders. It showed on election day, with his top-performing districts concentrated in black precincts in North and Southeast Nashville. Still, Freeman appeared to split the vote in many of these parts of town.
Freeman's top precincts: Napier Community Center, 48.3 percent; New Brick Church Middle School, 41.7 percent; Olivet Baptist Church, 41.7 percent; Looby Community Center, 39.7 percent; Robert Churchwell Elementary School, 35.7 percent; Bellshire Elementary School, 35.5 percent; Hadley Park Community Center, 35 percent.
Freeman did his worst in Vanderbilt- and Belmont-area neighborhoods where Barry did her best. He also did poorly in Fox's Belle Meade stronghold.
Freeman's lowest precincts: Eakin School, 5.1 percent; Boy Scouts of America, 6.8 percent; Jewish Community Center, 7 percent; Belle Meade City Hall, 7.5 percent; West End Middle School, 7.6 percent; Brentwood Hills Community Church, 7.9 percent.
Mobile: Bill Freeman results by precinct.
Howard Gentry Like Freeman, Gentry did well in North and Southeast Nashville.
Final vote total: 12,103, 11.6 percent
Gentry was a top performer in predominantly black voting precincts in North Nashville and Southeast Nashville. But he did not do as well in those areas as he did during his mayoral run in 2007. He was clearly hurt by the outreach efforts of Freeman, who spent substantial dollars courting African-American votes.
Gentry's top voting precincts: Bordeaux Library, 51.1 percent; Whites Creek Fire Hall, 45.7 percent; Looby Community Center, 43.8 percent; Cathedral of Praise, 41.7 percent; Northwest YMCA, 38.2 percent.
Gentry performed his worst in parts of Belle Meade, Forest Hills and Green Hills.
Gentry's lowest precincts: Belle Meade City Hall, 0.8 percent; Boy Scouts of America, 1.5 percent; Calvary UMC, 1.9 percent; Hillsboro Presbyterian Church, 1.3 percent; Brentwood Hills Church of Christ, 1.7 percent; YWCA, 2.6 percent.
Mobile: Howard Gentry results by precinct.
Charles Robert Bone Bone did best in Goodlettsville but did not carry the area.
Final vote total: 10,953 votes, 10.5 percent
Excluding precincts where fewer than 20 people voted, Charles Robert Bone did not appear to carry any precincts. He went into the race thinking he could perform well in Madison and Goodlettsville. Those were some of his strongest precincts, but he still lost handily there to Fox and, in some cases, Freeman.
Bone's top precincts: Luton United Methodist Church, 19.5 percent; Walkers Creek United Methodist Church, 16.5 percent; Rivergate Church of Christ, 16.7 percent; Madison Library, 16.2 percent; Neelys Bend School, 15.1 percent.
Bone's campaign made efforts to compete in North Nashville, but it did not show on election day. They lost handily to Freeman and Gentry in those areas. Bone also saw low vote numbers in East Nashivlle.
Bone's lowest precincts: Dupont Tyler Middle School, 5 percent; Memorial Lutheran Church, 5.3 percent; Napier Community Center, 5.4 percent; Haynes Middle School, 5.2 percent; Johnson Middle School, 5.5 percent; Cathedral of Praise, 7 percent; Northwest YMCA, 5.4 percent; Bordeaux Library, 6.2 percent.
Mobile: Charles Robert Bone results by precinct.
Linda Eskind Rebrovick Rebrovick was unable to garner large numbers in any neighborhood.
Final vote total: 5,823 votes, 5.6 percent
Linda Eskind Rebrovick got only 10 percent of the vote in two of 161 precincts. And one of those districts saw only 22 total voters. Some thought Rebrovick would compete for Republican votes in the Belle Meade and Forest Hills suburbs. She ended up losing those votes to Fox, however.
Rebrovick's top precincts: Dupont Tyler Middle School, 10 percent; Brook Hollow Baptist Church, 10 percent; Jewish Community Center, 9 percent; Belle Meade City Hall, 9 percent; Trevecca Towers, 8.9 percent; Hillsboro Presbyterian Church, 8.8 percent; Forest Hills Baptist Church, 8.6 percent.
Rebrovick had precincts across the county where she garnered less than 5 percent of the vote. She had several precincts in North Nashville and East Nashville where she got less than 2 percent.
Mobile: Linda Eskind Rebrovick results by precinct.
Jeremy Kane Kane finished with 10 percent or more in just three precincts.
Final vote total: 4,767, 4.6 percent
Jeremy Kane had only three precincts in the county where he got more than 10 percent of the votes. That included his home Sylvan Park precinct. But even there, he lost to Barry by a 4-to-1 margin and Fox by a 2-to-1 margin. His campaign thought his experience founding LEAD Public Schools charter school network could lead to votes in North Nashville. It didn't happen in big numbers, though.
Kane's top precincts: Antioch Middle School, 11.9 percent; Priest Lake Presbyterian Church, 10.1 percent; Sylvan Park School, 10.1 percent; Johnson Middle School, 9.6 percent; Berry Hill City Hall, 8.7 percent.
Kane had precincts across Davidson County where he had less than 5 percent of the vote.
Mobile: Jeremy Kane results by precinct.
Full results: See a list of precinct results for all races.
(Newser) – To all the women living in Manhattan, now might be an economically sensible time to head over to SoHo and stock up on all your feminine products, because neighborhood pharmacy Thompson Chemists just might be waiving your 7% "pink tax." Owner Jolie Alony tells Gothamist that she wants to "bring awareness on how it feels to be a woman, so the men actually get to feel it," by which she is referring to the fact that women pay roughly 7% more for personal products marketed to women than they would for the equivalent product marketed to men, as a recent NYC Department of Consumer Affairs report found. The 7% difference is often called the "pink tax" or "tampon tax," and the Daily Dot reports that there's more: Women's clothes cost more to dry clean, for example, and in many states menstrual products are actually taxed as luxury goods.
On Monday, Alony posted two signs out front: "All female customers shop tax free" and "All male customers are subject to a 7% man tax." It's a bit misleading, as Time reports, given pricing didn't change at all for men but was dropped 7% for women (Alony must still pay sales tax in full, so she's paying the difference out of pocket). She wasn't sure whether she would continue the promotion past Monday. And while she said that at the shop her female customers were "very, very happy" and the men "just laughed," the story's gone viral and the pharmacy's Facebook page is riddled with one-star reviews and comments decrying the store's "sexist and hateful business practices" and calling the owners "idiots." Apparently they didn't heed the pharmacy's request to "please avoid locker room banter." (Read about why the trip a mom and daughter took to buy tampons went viral.)
The Catholic Church is a bone in the throat of our secular culture. Of course we've all felt the culture's contempt for Catholic moral teaching. But the deeper scandal of the Church is her set-apartness.
In baptism, every believer is marked as Christ's own. This is an exodus, a going-out from the “facts of life” as the world understands them. And this going-out irks our culture, just as it irked the ancient Roman world. The modern secular world is organized around the natural goods of creation, to the exclusion of God. It resents the Church's supernatural orientation. We've all heard the complaint that the Church should do more to meet the needs of the poor or address climate change, and worry less about liturgies and worship and spiritual realities. Fundamentally, that's a complaint against holiness as the Church's highest aim.
And yet, the Church's transcendent orientation fascinates our culture. Holiness offends and frightens people. As an old translation of the New Testament put it, when the angel of the Lord came to them, the shepherds in their fields were “sore afraid.” Holiness also arrests and romances. We flee from God, yet we crave to come into his presence.
When I was ordained, almost forty-two years ago, I had printed on my ordination card these verses from the high-priestly prayer of Jesus in John 17: “As you sent me into the world, I sent them into the world, and for their sake, I consecrate myself so that they too may be consecrated in truth” (John 17:18–19). The key word in those verses is “consecrate” (Greek hagiazein; Latin sanctificare). The sense is to set apart and make holy, and the theological context in the fourth Gospel is the sacrifice of the cross and the glory of Jesus. Consecrate, make holy, set apart, the sacrifice of the cross: These concepts, these profound mysteries, spoke to me and still do.
Priests are consecrated and set apart—this is fundamental to the priesthood. It means we invariably embody the scandal and the allure of the divine. Ordination consecrates a priest to a life of service. This means performing very tangible tasks, such as maintaining the parish buildings and ensuring that the parish school is well run. But that is not the core of the priestly ministry. Priests serve the People of God—and through them the world—by virtue of the transcendent tasks that are our responsibility.
Priests are commissioned by God to handle divine things. We are custodians of the Church's sacred liturgy and mysteries of faith. We are not the sources of divine grace. Jesus alone is the source. But like the ancient priesthood of Israel, priests are instruments of that grace, which reaches its fullness in the sacraments of the Church that Jesus Christ instituted. The world's vision may be impaired by sin, but it's not blind. Our secular culture can't help but see us as odd and out-of-date, even scary—but strangely attractive. Even non-believers recognize that our job, as priests, is to stretch the umbilical cord of human nature toward the divine.
This is a perilous thing to do. In Isaiah's vision, even the angels of God must take up tongs to draw the burning coals from God's holy altar. This is why priests inspire a kind of fear as well as awe. The fear comes from the fact that our human nature is fallen and fragile—and what if the umbilical cord breaks? The awe comes from recognizing the boldness of the venture. To be God's instrument and take his most sacred mysteries into our hands is an awesome possibility.
The promise of celibacy is not the essence of the priesthood. It's a discipline that serves the vocation. But if you talk to any non-Catholic about the priesthood, celibacy will be at the front of his or her mind. When I told my Muslim barber that I was a Catholic priest and bishop, he gave me an impromptu disquisition on the unnaturalness of celibacy for a man. I always find that you are a little at a disadvantage in a barber's chair, so I kept my answer for another day! Perhaps many Catholics react the same way.
The world's focus on celibacy is short-sighted, but it reflects a correct spiritual intuition. Celibacy is a powerful sign of being set apart. In many religious traditions, celibacy marks those consecrated to offer sacrifices, receive revelations, and otherwise enter into commerce with the divine. It is obvious that this should be so. Our sexual instinct is so basic to our humanity that its denial marks a break with the ordinary. Our natural religious sense leads us to recognize that God is not nature itself. We cannot enter into the presence of God without in some way leaving the imperatives of nature behind. The enclosing walls of the profane must be punctured if we are to gain access to the sacred. Denying the goods of nature serves the higher end of preparing us for intimacy with God.
But that's not how the world sees celibacy. In the second chapter of Genesis, Adam is alone. God sees that it is not good, and he sets things right. Adam's union of flesh with Eve both inaugurates and exemplifies the human project in the world. Sexual union is a kind of natural sacrament, one that both signifies and effects human connectedness and solidarity. For this reason, clerical celibacy inspires a degree of fear, even resentment. In a certain sense, priests are traitors. Celibacy is seen by many as psychologically dangerous. Priests are seen as men cut off from the “fullness of life.”
So the world rejects priestly celibacy. Yet celibacy also evokes curiosity and admiration. People sense the spiritual freedom that celibacy brings. They also impute a spiritual nobility to celibacy. This is true for non-believers as well as believers. The world is fascinated by celibacy, all the more so in the present age when sex, sexual freedom, and sexual identity have become the prism through which so many political, cultural, and moral issues are viewed.
What the world is seeing is our set-apart vocation. This is reinforced by our clerical collars and garb. When I come into a room for a meeting with laypeople, I'm always aware that they may be seeing me as something akin to an alien. I'm a man, of course, flesh and blood—but they don't regard me as one of them. That's as true for the most ardently secular political or business leaders as it is for the devoted lay leaders in my diocese. I can preach again and again about the Church's spiritual fruitfulness and her commitment to human fulfillment. But laypeople know that I'm outside the great temporal project of human life to be fruitful and multiply.
This priestly “outside-ness” can be a heavy burden. Humans are social animals, after all. But it's a misguided theology of ministry that encourages priests to think of themselves as “just like everybody else.” Priests are certainly not better than other Christians. In fact, our sins can be egregious, because they're often spiritualized by our priestly vocations. Nor does our set-apartness justify clerical aloofness. We should always make ourselves available to all who seek God. But being available does not mean being the same.
For instance, in private conversations, a priest should exercise discretion when talking about his interior life. Admissions of personal struggles by the laity can often be helpful in prayer groups and among friends. But the same words spoken by a priest can have the opposite effect. Priests must reckon with the reality of our ordination. It shapes how we are seen and heard. To pretend otherwise always leads us and others astray.
The world needs visible signs of something greater, something beyond its ken. Priests share with our brothers and sisters in Christ a common baptism that makes all of us full members of the Body of Christ. But as St. Paul observes, though we are one body in Christ, there are many members. There is nothing subjectively “superior” about being a priest. But priests are objectively distinct and set apart for a special purpose in God's economy of salvation. That's what it means to be ordained to holy orders. Priests do others no favors by denying the special character of their lives as men ordained into holy orders. In fact, that has been one of the most damaging problems for the Church in recent decades.
The set-apart character of the priesthood finds its fullest expression in the Mass. Under ordinary circumstances, the priest leads the congregation in the Liturgy of the Word. In this role, priests are representatives of the Church's teaching authority, something they share with bishops and deacons. This does not mean that laypeople can't speak eloquently and intelligently about scripture and doctrine. But as members of holy orders, priests exercise a sacramental role. For this reason, we must guard against too much “creativity” in the pulpit. I'm all for lively, effective preaching, but priests need to keep in mind that they are not just Christians on a faith-journey. Priests speak in a unique and formal way for the Church.
Preaching should follow the great Catholic sacramental principle ex opere operato, which means that the subjective conditions of our souls are not decisive for the efficacy of our sacramental ministry. God works through us, often in spite of our infidelities. Sacramental grace depends upon God's faithfulness to us in Jesus Christ, and his faithfulness, unlike ours, is utterly trustworthy. The homily is not a sacrament, strictly speaking, but it is a vehicle for God's grace, which comes in the form of true doctrine vouchsafed by the Church's unfailing teaching office. Priests must proclaim what the Church believes and has always believed.
I've deferred until the end the central reality of the priesthood, which is our service at God's altar. In the old days, altar rails accentuated the distance between the baptized and the inner sanctuaries of God's most sacred dwelling place. In many churches, the altar rails have been removed, perhaps for good reasons. But it's very unwise to neglect all signs of the great distance between God and man. We are directed in the General Introduction to the Roman Missal that, whenever possible, the altar should be somewhat elevated and in some way marked as distinct and holy.
Some think that clear indications of the distance between the congregation and the altar of Christ's sacrifice contribute to clericalism. The opposite is true. The elevation of the altar and the marking of the sanctuary make the priest more aware of his unworthiness. Important questions more naturally arise. By what right do we separate ourselves from the baptized? How can we imagine ourselves worthy to approach the divine? Every step to the altar and into the sanctuary reminds us that we can venture such boldness only on God's authority, never our own.
These days, we want to imagine that love means acceptance and affirmation, which involve no movement or change. But God calls the baptized to enter into his household. It's foolish to imagine that the journey is a short one. Love desires the beloved, yes, and the Word made flesh takes up residence with us. But he's with us as the good shepherd to guide us along the narrow path of his cross and resurrection, and that path is not near, familiar, or convenient.
Priests share this journey with all the baptized. But when we ascend to the altar, we are in the “forefront” of the People of God. We do not leave the laity behind, any more than our ordination causes us to leave behind our baptism. Instead, we venture something frightful, which is to enter God's inner sanctuary. The great mystery of the Mass comes from the fact that the priest does more than act on behalf of the baptized. His ordination conforms him sacramentally to Jesus Christ and consecrates him to the service of the Church. He then acts “in persona Christi” who makes him an instrument of his saving work on the cross and of his victory over sin and death in his resurrection.
From time immemorial, priestly castes have stretched the umbilical cord of humanity to enter into commerce with God. But only in Jesus Christ do priests recapitulate God's kenosis, his self-lowering to come into the mortal frame of our creaturely existence. Priests are often far less than holy as men. But priests are God's porters, as it were. We, his unworthy servants, carry his holiness to his people.
It often seems that 2017 is a tough time to be a priest. Certainly, the era of “Father-knows-best” is over. But that era normalized clerical life and slotted priests into what became, over time, a very worldly social hierarchy—not a divine one. And while that era has faded, faded because it was accretion and not mystery, the reality of priestly ordination remains.
To be set apart to serve at God's altar is an extraordinary call. The priesthood remains an offense to the world's assumptions about what is real and what matters. Priests continue to fascinate and inspire. And in today's “whatever” culture, there's very little that moves, threatens, and inspires people.
It's striking, therefore, that the secular West continues to vibrate to the priesthood, both in rebellion and affirmation. And that is a very good thing.
Philip Tartaglia is archbishop of Glasgow.
Become a fan of First Things on Facebook, subscribe to First Things via RSS, and follow First Things on Twitter.
President Obama has signed a secret directive that effectively enables the military to act more aggressively to thwart cyber­attacks on the nation's web of government and private computer networks.
Presidential Policy Directive 20 establishes a broad and strict set of standards to guide the operations of federal agencies in confronting threats in cyberspace, according to several U.S. officials who have seen the classified document and are not authorized to speak on the record. The president signed it in mid-October.
The new directive is the most extensive White House effort to date to wrestle with what constitutes an “offensive” and a “defensive” action in the rapidly evolving world of cyberwar and cyberterrorism, where an attack can be launched in milliseconds by unknown assailants utilizing a circuitous route. For the first time, the directive explicitly makes a distinction between network defense and cyber-operations to guide officials charged with making often-rapid decisions when confronted with threats.
The policy also lays out a process to vet any operations outside government and defense networks and ensure that U.S. citizens' and foreign allies' data and privacy are protected and international laws of war are followed.
“What it does, really for the first time, is it explicitly talks about how we will use cyber-
operations,” a senior administration official said. “Network defense is what you're doing inside your own networks. . . . Cyber-operations is stuff outside that space, and recognizing that you could be doing that for what might be called defensive purposes.”
The policy, which updates a 2004 presidential directive, is part of a wider push by the Obama administration to confront the growing cyberthreat, which officials warn may overtake terrorism as the most significant danger to the country.
“It should enable people to arrive at more effective decisions,” said a second senior administration official. “In that sense, it's an enormous step forward.”
Legislation to protect private networks from attack by setting security standards and promoting voluntary information sharing is pending on the Hill, and the White House is also is drafting an executive order along those lines.
James A. Lewis, a cybersecurity expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, welcomed the new directive as bolstering the government's capability to defend against “destructive scenarios,” such as those that Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta recently outlined in a speech on cybersecurity.
“It's clear we're not going to be a bystander anymore to cyberattacks,” Lewis said.
The Pentagon is expected to finalize new rules of engagement that would guide commanders on when and how the military can go outside government networks to prevent a cyberattack that could cause significant destruction or casualties.
The presidential directive attempts to settle years of debate among government agencies about who is authorized to take what sorts of actions in cyberspace and with what level of permission.
An example of a defensive cyber-operation that once would have been considered an offensive act, for instance, might include stopping a computer attack by severing the link between an overseas server and a targeted domestic computer.
“That was seen as something that was aggressive,” said one defense official, “particularly by some at the State Department” who often are wary of actions that might infringe on other countries' sovereignty and undermine U.S. advocacy of Internet freedom. Intelligence agencies are wary of operations that may inhibit intelligence collection. The Pentagon, meanwhile, has defined cyberspace as another military domain — joining air, land, sea and space — and wants flexibility to operate in that realm.
But cyber-operations, the officials stressed, are not an isolated tool. Rather, they are an integral part of the coordinated national security effort that includes diplomatic, economic and traditional military measures.
Offensive cyber actions, outside of war zones, would still require a higher level of scrutiny from relevant agencies and generally White House permission.
The effort to grapple with these questions dates to the 1990s but has intensified as tools and weapons in cyberspace become ever more sophisticated.
One of those tools was Stuxnet, a computer virus jointly developed by the United States and Israel that damaged nearly 1,000 centrifuges at an Iranian nuclear plant in 2010. If an adversary should turn a similar virus against U.S. computer systems, whether public or private, the government needs to be ready to preempt or respond, officials have said.
Since the creation of the military's Cyber Command in 2010, its head, Gen. Keith Alexander, has forcefully argued that his hundreds of cyberwarriors at Fort Meade should be given greater latitude to stop or prevent attacks. One such cyber-ops tactic could be tricking malware by sending it “sleep” commands.
Alexander has put a particularly high priority on defending the nation's private-sector computer systems that control critical functions such as making trains run, electricity flow and water pure.
But repeated efforts by officials to ensure that the Cyber Command has that flexibility has met with resistance — sometimes from within the Pentagon itself — over concerns that enabling the military to move too freely outside its own networks could pose unacceptable risks. A major concern has always been that an action may have a harmful unintended consequence, such as shutting down a hospital generator.
Officials say they expect the directive will spur more nuanced debate over how to respond to cyber-incidents. That might include a cyberattack that wipes data from tens of thousands of computers in a major industrial company, disrupting business operations, but doesn't blow up a plant or kill people.
The new policy makes clear that the government will turn first to law enforcement or traditional network defense techniques before asking military cyberwarfare units for help or pursuing other alternatives, senior administration officials said.
“We always want to be taking the least action necessary to mitigate the threat,” said one of the senior administration officials. “We don't want to have more consequences than we intend.”
On July 1, as the rest of the country was preparing for a long holiday weekend, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was gunned down while going for a walk with her dad.
“It was an accident,” the gunman says. “I found the gun,” he says.
The gunman, an illegal alien with seven felony convictions, has been deported from America five times. Undeterred by America's immigration laws, he kept returning. It's not hard to see why. During a recent arrest, just two months prior to shooting and killing Kate, Francisco Sanchez was in federal custody. San Francisco authorities asked for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to hand Sanchez over for drug charges. ICE did just that, on the condition that if they let Sanchez go, local authorities would hand him back over to ICE.
Local authorities, however, didn't hand him over. As a so-called “sanctuary city,” Sanchez, who was on probation and in the country illegally, was set free. “Federal detention orders are not a legal basis to hold someone,” according to city officials. Now Kate is dead.
Kate was buried last week. No one from the White House attended her funeral. No one from the White House gave remarks of sadness. No one from the current administration has commented on the senseless murder of a young, innocent woman gunned down by an illegal alien.
The President has not only chosen which laws he will enforce, he now chooses to only show support for Americans when it fits his narrative. Marc Thiessen said it best on The Kelley File: “In all those other cases he had liberal policy points he wanted to make … The policies he supports are the ones that got this woman killed.”
One of the President's greatest failures has been his unwillingness to secure the border. I will continue to fight to secure our borders and implement common sense policies aimed at reducing violence and the flow of illegal narcotics, firearms, people, and money across our borders. If the President doesn't get serious about protecting our borders, then members of Congress and the states must find other ways to do it for him.
That's why I am a co-sponsor of three immigration bills to protect the American people. The first, H.R. 3011, Kate's Law, would create a five-year mandatory minimum sentence for any illegal alien reentering the country after being deported. The second, H.R. 3009, Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities, restricts federal funding to sanctuary cities so that the American people are not subsidizing local law enforcement agencies that refuse to comply with federal law. The third, H.R. 399, Secure Our Borders First Act, requires that the Secretary of Homeland Security gain, and maintain, operational control of the international borders of the United States.
We can't get serious about immigration reform until we stop people from crossing the border illegally.
President Obama has wielded his “mighty pen” once to show those who want to enter the country illegally they can go ahead and do it because this President won't stop them. Congratulations, Mr. President. Your mighty pen got a young woman killed.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 6, 2017, 12:05 PM GMT / Updated June 6, 2017, 12:05 PM GMT By Hallie Jackson
WASHINGTON — As Washington gears up for one of its biggest political events in years — former FBI director James Comey appearing publicly on Capitol Hill — it's not a stretch to imagine the White House scrambling behind the scenes to set up a crisis-management system to contain fallout from any damaging testimony Thursday.
Instead, multiple people familiar with the planning describe to a different reality: early talk of a “war room” has petered out significantly. One source close to the White House describes it flatly: “There's no war room. Zero.” Another administration source says it simply “never took off.”
What was originally intended to be an in-house command post has instead shifted outside the administration. The president's aides are expected to shunt all Comey-related questions on Thursday to outside counsel Marc Kasowitz.
And while the White House "war room" isn't materializing, the president himself has — as expected — gotten involved in the strategy to contain any fallout Thursday. President Donald Trump has consulted with his outside counsel ahead of the hearing, according to a person involved with that effort. That external legal team, led by Kasowitz, is still working to get itself organized ahead of Thursday's testimony, per this source. They're expected to base operations out of the firm's D.C. office for this week's efforts.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer signaled this strategy last week, when he explicitly referred Russia-related inquiries to the president's longtime lawyer.
Since then, Kasowitz has laid low. On Thursday, he won't be able to: otherwise, the White House runs the risk of allowing Comey's words — and those words alone — to define the storyline.
RELATED: Comey 'Cleared for Takeoff' in Public Testimony
Kasowitz is no shrinking violet — he's known for being a bulldog advocating for President Donald Trump, a hard-nosed fighter willing to mix it up. But it's still not clear what his messaging or communications strategy will be, or who will be helping deliver it. Former campaign aides Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie look unlikely to formally join the Kasowitz effort — though they've both appeared more frequently as TV surrogates in recent days.
Comey allies have told NBC News that he's eager to tell his story after Trump fired him on May 9. The president has cited the Russia probe as part of his rationale for getting rid of Comey. The former FBI director was heading the investigation into whether members of the Trump campaign worked with Russia to interfere with last year's presidential election. Special Counsel Robert Mueller is now leading the investigation after he was appointed on May 17.
And while the administration appears to be working to build a barrier between the White House and the Russia inquiry, Comey's testimony presents questions: will that wall really hold up? Or might the White House's resolve erode given the intense attention Comey's appearance will receive? And the wild card: will the president be disciplined enough to stay away from post-testimony Comey talk or tweets?
We'll find out soon enough.
Back in 2016
Cloud changed everything in terms of software engineering. We can now deploy applications without thinking about the underlying server. How cool is that? Let's take some steps back. Now that you can easily deploy a huge application, what can be accomplished? Well, if I can deploy one app with ease, Why should I deploy only one huge app ? why can't I deploy multiples applications instead of one? Let's call theses applications micro services because we are in 2016.
OK, so now I'm applying the first rule of the UNIX Philosophy, because I have multiples programs that are doing one job each. But about the second rule? How can they communicate? How can we simulate UNIX pipes? Before answering, let's answer to another question first: What do we really need to send through our network? Don't forget the Fallacies of distributed computing…
Let's take an example. We are a new startup, and we are building our plateform. We'll certainly need to handle our customers. Let's say that for each new customer, we need to make two actions: add it to our database, and then to our mailing-list. A simple and classical way would be to just call two functions (whether on the same applications or not), and then say to the customer: “You're successfully registered”. Like this:
Classic approach
Is there another approach? Let's use an event-based architecture:
Let's talk events
Let's ask Google, what's an event?
a thing that happens, especially one of importance.
Well, handling a new customer is a thing that happens (hopefully). For this, we'll be using a Queue messaging system or Broker. It's a middleware that will receive events, and making them available for another application or groups of applications.
Queue messaging architecture with 2 producers and 4 consumers
So let's rethink our architecture. Pay attention to the words: our Register page will produce an event that will contain all the information about our client. This event will be queued, waiting to be consumed by the associated micro services.
Simple event-driven architecture
We didn't change much, but we enable many things over here:
Simplicity . Remember, the first rule ! “Make each program do one thing well”. Like this, your code base for each app will be simple as hell , and you'll be able to easily replace your software if needed.
. Remember, the first rule ! “Make each program do one thing well”. Like this, your , and you'll be able to easily replace your software if needed. Modularity . You need to add another action to the event, for example CreateProfile ? Easy, just plug another app on the same queue . You need to test a new version of your program? Easy, just plug it on the same queue .
. You need to add another action to the event, for example CreateProfile ? Easy, . You need to test a new version of your program? Easy, . Scalability . One of your micro services is taking too much time? Just start a new instance of it . Huge traffic? Add new instances. With this approach, you can start really small and become giant.
. One of your micro services is taking too much time? . Huge traffic? Add new instances. With this approach, you can start really small and become giant. Big-data friendly. This type of architecture is often used to handle a lot of data. With plateform like Apache Flink, you can do some stream processing directly . Look how easy it is.
This type of architecture is often used to handle a lot of data. With plateform like Apache Flink, you can do some . Look how easy it is. Polyglotism. Most messaging system are offering libraries for many languages.Like this, you can use whatever language you want . But be aware, With great power comes great responsibility.
What about serverless?
Serverless is so 2016
Serverless is the “new” buzz word. Ignited by Amazon with their product AWS Lambda and quickly followed by Google, Microsoft, IBM and Iron.io, the goal is to offer to developers a new way of building apps. Instead of writing apps, you'll just write a function that will respond to an event. In fact, you'll be paying only for the time it's running. It's a interesting point-of-view, because you'll be deploying an architecture built only using events. I must admit that I didn't try it yet, but I think it's a great idea to force developers to split their apps and really think about events, but you could just build the same thing with any cloud provider.
Additional links and talks about this topic
Meetup LeboncoinTech — AMQP 101 by Quentin ADAM (French sorry)
The US has insisted it wants no direct military involvement in the bruising war in Yemen a day after launching its first strikes on territory controlled by the Houthi rebel movement.
Why Yemen conflict has become another Syria Read more
As the Iran-backed Houthi rebels denied firing missiles at an American destroyer in international waters, the Pentagon said it did not know who launched the attack on the USS Mason – an act which prompted another destroyer, the USS Nitze, to launch Tomahawk missiles at three radar sites on Yemen's Red Sea coast.
“We don't seek a wider role in this conflict,” said Peter Cook, the Pentagon press secretary on Thursday.
Cook said the strikes were a limited reprisal to defend the Mason and the principle of freedom of navigation in the Bab al-Mandeb waterway, “not connected to the broader conflict in Yemen.”
But Cook also suggested the US might not have launched its last strike against Houthi-controlled terrain.
“Should we see a repeat, we will be prepared to take appropriate action again,” he said.
The Houthis have denied any role in the strikes on the USS Mason. Contradicting the US, the Houthis told the Saba news agency that the missiles did not originate from its territory and offered to aid in an investigation of the incidents.
The US, along with the UK, are the main backers of Saudi Arabia, which has led a coalition to reinstate the exiled president, Abd Rabbu Mansour Hadi, and counter the advances of Iran-backed Houthi fighters, who control the capital, Sana'a, and large swaths of territory.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A radar site in Al Hudaydah after the US missile attack. Photograph: AP
Following a Saudi airstrike on a funeral ceremony in Sana'a on Saturday, which killed 140 people, among them many civilians, Washington gave an unprecedented warning that its security cooperation with Riyadh was not a “blank cheque” and that it was reviewing its “already significantly reduced support to the Saudi-led coalition”. Human Rights Watch said on Thursday that Saudi Arabia's attack on the funeral was “an apparent war crime”.
Yemen's Saba news agency, which is aligned with the Houthis, quoted an official who denied the rebels had fired at the destroyer, and accused the US of attempting to cover up Saudi “crimes”.
“These allegations are unfounded and the army as well popular forces have nothing to do with this action,” the official said, according to Saba. “The US allegations just came in the context of creating false justifications to pave the way for a Saudi-led coalition to escalate its attacks against Yemen, to cover for crimes continually committed by the coalition against the Yemeni people, and to continue an all-out blockade after refusal stances have been increasing against such heinous crimes on the Yemeni people.”
Meanwhile Iran's Tasnim news agency, which is close to the elite Revolutionary Guards, reported that Iranian navy was sending two warships to the Bab-el-Mandeb strait, where the US warship was located. But Tasnim said their final destination was the east African country of Tanzania.
Cook repeatedly deflected questions about Iranian culpability in the attack on the Mason or the missile systems employed in the unsuccessful attempts on the ship, saying that the US was still assessing responsibility.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A screen grab from a US Navy video showing the aftermath of the Tomahawk attack. Photograph: AP
Adam Baron, a visiting fellow at European Council on Foreign Relations who was previously based in Yemen, said it was unusual for the rebels to deny targeting the US warship because they have frequently exaggerated and bragged about their capabilities. “Either way, it's quite clear that someone wants to drag the US further into this conflict,” he told the Guardian.
Although the US had not previously directly targeted Houthi-rebelled areas, Baron said it was important to bear in mind that Washington has already engaged in military operations in Yemen, including targeting al-Qaida supporters in drone strikes. “It remains to be seen whether this will be a one-off or another key milestone in a week that's seen significant escalation in Yemen's war,” he said.
US enters Yemen war, bombing Houthis who launched missiles at navy ship Read more
Stephen Seche, who served as the US ambassador to Yemen from 2007 to 2010, said the Obama administration was “paying the price for its relative inattention” to the Houthi-Saudi conflict and would be “very, very careful about being drawn into this.” While the US has provided midair refueling and arms sales to the Saudis, it has kept the 19-month war at arm's length, particularly as civilian casualties have accumulated and efforts to end the war have foundered.
Seche doubted that the Houthis would find deeper US involvement “a particularly appetising prospect,” but suspected their Iranian backers saw the matter differently.
“It's not at all a stretch of the imagination, to my mind, that the Iranians benefit from seeing the US drawn into this,” Seche told the Guardian.
Saudi airstrikes, which began in March 2015, escalated this summer after the collapse of UN-brokered peace talks that had brought a period of relief to parts of the country. One in three Saudi air raids on Yemen hit civilian sites, according to the findings of a survey obtained by the Guardian.
Since then, the humanitarian situation in Yemen has steadily deteriorated, with fears growing that the war and a Saudi maritime blockade are creating famine conditions in the Arabian peninsula's poorest country.
There were reports on Wednesday that Saudi Arabia's King Salman had ordered an easing of the blockade to allow the evacuation of those wounded in the funeral attack.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Houthi militiaman keeps watch as Shia Muslims take part in Ashura Day celebrations in Sana'a. Photograph: Yahya Arhab/EPA
Cook denied that any US military or intelligence assets contributed to the funeral strike. The White House announced a review of US contributions to the Saudi war effort in Yemen in the wake of the funeral attack. Cook said the US military had already downgraded its targeting efforts following a failed attempt at a ceasefire this summer, but maintained a “fusion cell” with the Saudis.
Many see the Yemen conflict as a proxy war between the Middle East's two main rivals, Saudi Arabia and Iran, and their western or regional backers. Houthi fighters, who are loyal the former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, have also launched indiscriminate shelling in Yemen during the conflict, as well as retaliating with missile attacks on Saudi Arabia. This week, there were reports that Houthi missiles have struck deeper into Saudi Arabia, including striking the Taif airbase near Mecca.
Rafat Al-Akhali, a former Yemeni minister of youth and sports, said the US decision to target radar sites would further complicate the conflict.
“That's a concerning development; it just further complicates things,” he said. “We do not understand what exactly happened and what was the attack that prompted this response, and the details are unclear on all sides, but if anything it means that rather than working towards finding a solution and ceasefire and peace agreement, it could signal that things are just getting more complicated.”
He said millions of Yemenis had not been paid for at least two months. “Since August, literally millions of people across the country, everyone from north to south, has been affected,” he said. “Nobody was paid in September, and the majority were not paid in August. The monthly salary is small amount but that has been the only means preventing famine. That's the biggest challenge that everyone is facing.”
In the last few days, there's been new talk about Paul Ryan in the who's-in-who's-out game of speculation over Mitt Romney's vice presidential pick. The speculation is striking, because of the four candidates mentioned most often — Ryan, Rob Portman, Marco Rubio, and Tim Pawlenty — Ryan is the choice that would fundamentally change the direction of the Romney campaign. How? By instantly elevating the Ryan budget plan to the top of the Romney agenda. Whether that change would be to Romney's liking is very much an open question.
There is an intense debate going on inside the Republican party over whether GOP candidates, focusing their campaigns on the economy, should stress job creation or reducing federal spending. The two aren't mutually exclusive, of course, and Romney has embraced both, but there is no question Romney has emphasized job creation far, far more than any other issue.
Romney has also embraced Ryan's economic plan. (Although if you read the Romney website, you'll get the impression that it was Ryan who embraced Romney's plan.) But look at Romney's speeches and public pronouncements, as well as at his policy proposals. The heart of Ryan's plan — controlling the terrifying growth of federal spending by transforming Medicare — isn't at the heart of Romney's agenda.
For example, look at “Mitt Romney's Plan For A Stronger Middle Class: A Plan For More Jobs And More Take-Home Pay,” unveiled by Romney recently at campaign events in Colorado. The plan is based on five points, which Romney calls “Energy Independence,” “The Skills To Succeed,” “Trade That Works For America,” “Cut The Deficit,” and “Champion Small Business.” Under the “Cut The Deficit” heading are four sub-headings: “Immediately reduce non-security discretionary spending by five percent,” “Cap federal spending below twenty percent of the economy,” “Give states responsibility for programs that they can implement more effectively,” and “Consolidate agencies and align compensation of federal workers with their private-sector counterparts.”
Romney doesn't emphasize overhauling Medicare in his stump speech, either. Creating jobs, getting the economy moving again — those are the points he hits over and over and over. Yes, Romney talks about bringing federal spending under control. But Ryan-like plans to curb entitlement spending? That's just not something Romney emphasizes.
That would likely change if Romney picks Ryan. Should that happen, the Ryan plan would immediately become a far bigger part of the Romney campaign that it is now — it would, in fact, move to the top of the Romney agenda.
That's something that unnerves a number of Republicans. They respect Ryan and the work he has done, but they worry that putting him on the presidential ticket would brand the Republican party as the party of austerity at a time when more voters are more concerned about job creation than budget cutting.
Of course, Democrats are going to bash Romney on spending cuts and Medicare reform regardless of what he does. Since that is inevitable, say Ryan supporters, why not put the plan's most articulate defender, Paul Ryan himself, on the ticket? One reason would be that Mitt Romney has shown no inclination to make the Ryan plan the centerpiece of his campaign. Perhaps that's what he's planning — perhaps he planned all along to run on jobs until mid-August, only to pivot to entitlement reform for the rest of the campaign. But that's not likely.
Envelop VR played host for the evening, in part, to introduce itself. The new company is looking to both develop its own VR software and help other companies come to grips with what CEO Bob Berry called the next great wave of computing. In gathering some of the VR community's brightest stars to the Pacific Northwest, the hope, he said, is to establish the Seattle area as a VR hub.
"Seattle is a hotbed of video game development," Berry said. "It's going to be a hotbed of VR development."
Berry moved to Japan in 1998 to study VR as part of his Ph.D. work. After getting a good look at what passed for "state of the art" in the VR world of the late '90s, he quickly realized virtual reality just wasn't ready yet. It was only in the last year or so, he said, that various technologies started combining to make VR feasible -- headlined, of course, by Oculus' work. The next major step, he added, is developing and refining software that takes advantage of those hardware advancements.
Attendees check out Oculus VR's DK2 headset.
But words can only convey so much. As Berry notes, with virtual reality: Seeing is believing. And there was plenty to at SEA VR. Oculus was there showcasing its Development Kit 2 (DK2) headsets, but its gear wasn't confined to the company's demo area.
Atomic VR's holodeck-style setup featured an older DK1 headset and a camera array to track users in one corner of the museum. A pair of PlayStation Move controllers became virtual lightsabers "energy swords" in a battle with a floating droid. After employees helped me put on the headset, equipment-filled backpack and headphones, I set about exploring the demo's virtual arena.
The lag between my movements and those shown onscreen was noticeable, but hardly a distraction. After a few seconds, I was successfully blocking incoming laser blasts with my swords and dodging slow-moving missiles. The full-body tracking kept up admirably and I never felt disoriented -– a significant plus considering the limited area I could explore.
"VR's going to impact various industries; not just entertainment."
Still, the relatively low-resolution screens and the buzz of the show floor prevented me from reaching the level of "presence" that VR developers strive to attain. Atomic VR mentioned that it hopes to increase realism when it switches to Oculus' more advanced DK2 kit -- including the use of haptic feedback in the vest and possibly the floor to provide a more immersive simulation.
The game-like applications are obvious, but the company envisions similar setups in showrooms at retailers like Home Depot, where customers can preview home remodels and landscaping projects before breaking out the hammers and shovels.
"VR's going to impact various industries; not just entertainment," Berry said. One look at the show floor was enough to prove that statement. While there were plenty of examples of VR as a gaming tool, there were exhibitors using it in other settings, too.
Leap Motion showed off its finger-tracking tech.
Retailer Nordstrom showcased its Virtual Customer Experience Center, created by the company's Innovation Labs. The software complements a real-world Customer Experience Center housed in a renovated warehouse not far from the Living Computer Museum. The Innovation Lab's virtual version lets designers use tools like Unity and 3ds Max to create and try out new floor layouts, store designs and other physical structures before committing to actually building anything.
Elsewhere on the show floor, DeepStream VR demonstrated its work in pain research and using 3D and VR to aid in patient rehabilitation.
"The virtual world is a motivator," DeepStream VR CEO and founder Howard Rose said. The company has been exploring different methods of incorporating virtual reality into therapy, including combining a treadmill-walking regimen with a projected screen so patients can go on a "walking meditation" through a computer-generated trail.
The company also showed off its DeepStream 3D Viewer, a shroud that attaches to a laptop screen, a Retina display MacBook Pro in this case, to provide panoramic 3D movies and environments. The viewer splits the screen into a pair of 2,600 x 900 images -- one for each eye. Users can adjust the eyepieces as they would for a pair of binoculars and a nearby Leap Motion controller is used to interact with the world. In one example, I used my left hand to gather fireflies to fill a lantern. Rose said using an attachment to a laptop screen (and, later, tablets) can sometimes make more sense than the headset approach Oculus and others are taking.
DeepStream VR's 3D Viewer attached to a Retina display MacBook Pro.
When it comes to patients struggling with constant pain, he said, "Helmets don't work very well." Indeed, placing my face up to the 3D Viewer's eyepieces and manipulating objects with a Leap Motion controller was a great deal easier than strapping on a headset and grasping physical input devices.
A quick scan across the show floor makes it clear there's no single way to approach VR. While Oculus' gear was certainly prevalent at various booths, Kinect sensors, GoPro cameras, PS Moves and Leap Motion Controllers spread throughout the area indicate that developers are still very much in the exploration and experimentation phase.
And while some companies are working to create fantastical environments filled with spaceships and lightsabers, others are figuring out ways to showcase parts of the real world. In one corner of the show floor, Jaunt offered up a multi-scene demo of its real-world VR capture tech. Its approach includes a multi-camera setup to record 3D video in all directions. After putting on the headset and over-ear headphones, I started out with a scene from a skate/bike park, as a bike-riding enthusiast whizzed around me. I could turn my head in practically any direction to keep track of him, while positional audio accurately clued me in to where he was.
"The VR community needs to collaborate ... No company, not even (Oculus) can do it alone."
A later scene of the Golden Gate Bridge demonstrated the powerful effect accurate audio can have in VR. Wind noise was present throughout the area, but I had no trouble pinpointing a ship's horn blaring on the far right. I turned my head completely away from the vessel and, sure enough, the horn sounded like it was coming from behind me. Clearly, high-resolution displays aren't the only requirement for convincing VR presence.
One thing was readily apparent at SEA VR and it didn't require a headset or fancy camera setup. It was a sense of community. From booth to booth, company representatives chatted with one another, happily trying out competitors' gear and sharing notes. I got the sense that many of the attendees are motivated more by the fun of experimentation and discovery than they are by the thrill of ruthless competition.
To Rose, it reminds him of the early stages of the internet, "when it was fun and exciting." Seeing companies explore VR from different angles and coming up with new solutions, he said, is part of what he loves about the virtual reality community right now. After numerous false starts over the past few decades, it's this cooperative, diverse approach, he said, that will be key if VR is truly going to be the next big thing.
"The VR community needs to collaborate," Rose said. "No company, not even (Oculus) can do it alone."
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Over a hundred of German citizens, including those with military training, have joined militias in eastern Ukraine to fight against Ukrainian government troops, Die Welt reported Sunday.
Research by Welt Am Sonntag has found that the majority of Germans swelling the ranks of anti-Kiev forces have USSR background. Some of them served with the Bundeswehr, known collectively as German armed forces.
© Sputnik / Dan Levy Donetsk Militia Warns Kiev Against Plans for 'Blitzkrieg' in Donbas
A member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's ruling party, Stephan Mayer, told the newspaper German nationals who take part in civil wars should be taken to court. At present, the German criminal code only punishes those who fight alongside the brutal Islamic State (ISIL) terror group in Syria and Iraq.
Mayer also urged to strip those with dual citizenship of their German nationality and purposed criminal charges against Germans who go to war in eastern Ukraine.
The news was met with concern by Ukraine's ambassador in Berlin, Andriy Melnyk, who called on the federal government to stop its citizens from "travelling to the east to take part in the killings," Die Welt reported.
The United Nations estimates that the armed conflict in eastern Ukraine has killed more than 6,000 people, since it broke out in April 2014. Earlier this year, the Ukrainian government announced it was considering whether to ask the UN to deploy international peacekeepers to the region, but there was no formal request.
New to reddit? click here!
Hej and wälkommen to Sweddit! The hub for Swedes on reddit and our community here! Visiting redditors from elsewhere are also welcome! This subreddit is moderated after the reddiquette and these community guidelines. Help the moderators improve /r/Sweden by suggesting improvements and report activity in breach of these guidelines.
Date Description No events right now
Here is a directory over our previous scheduled threads.
Posts should target a Swedish audience. E.G news from Swedish media, and international media concerning Sweden.
Swedish or English are encouraged when posting but all the the Nordic languages are allowed.
Follow the community guidelines modeled after, and includes, the reddiquette .
modeled after, and includes, the . Swedish users: Vad räknas som politik? Läs på och se exempel här!
See our FAQ for further insight into the guidelines.
Svenskpolitik - Everything on Swedish politics
- Everything on Swedish politics Svenska - If you want to speak Swedish.
- If you want to speak Swedish. Till Sverige - For questions about moving to Sweden.
- For questions about moving to Sweden. Swirclejerk - If the Sweddit hivemind is getting you down.
- If the Sweddit hivemind is getting you down. Swedish Problems - Sometimes there's too much of a good thing.
- Sometimes there's too much of a good thing. Spop - Catalogs the Swedish music machine!
- Catalogs the Swedish music machine! Pinsamt - Like /r/cringe , only a lot more Swedish.
- Like , only a lot more Swedish. Swedents - High-times in the north.
- High-times in the north. Sweden Pics - Pictures of our fine country!
- Pictures of our fine country! Swarje - /r/murica ain't got shit on this (also Denmark sucks)!
- ain't got shit on this (also Denmark sucks)! Spel - Games!
- Games! AskSweddit - Casual questions targeting Swedes
- Casual questions targeting Swedes PokemonGoSweden - For PokemonGo players in Sweden
For more related subreddits click here.
Local subreddits
The most interesting thing, and something I've held off on talking about until now because I've had some indications from sources that this move could be happening, Globo Esporte and many others in Brazil are reporting that Jackson is headed back to FC Dallas. The article says that FC Dallas has requested him back from his loan at Cruzeiro where he has rarely featured.
Though I wasn't one of Jackson's biggest fans here in Dallas, I don't think it can be denied that if you end up moving to a 4-4-2, he could play a great role on the right side. We'll see if this happens, it passes the sniff test for sure.
Leander Schaerlaeckens discusses FCD in his five things we learned in MLS Week 5 article
At home against the New England Revolution on Thursday, there was a gaping hole in the center of Dallas's midfield, one shaped like a 5-foot-5 Colombian playmaker who won the 2010 MVP award but has been out ever since with various injuries. David Ferreira is much missed by FCD these days. He broke his right ankle -- or to be more accurate, had it broken-- six weeks into the 2011 season and has yet to return. The crack in his ankle was almost healed when he fractured another bone in his vaunted right foot, keeping him out an additional 6-8 weeks.
Andrew Wiebe has an interesting Opta Spotlight article up focusing on Sporting KC and their pressure that forces errant passes. We certainly saw that a lot in the FCD game there.
While teams have little trouble possessing the ball in their own half, the territory on the other side of the halfway line is a no-passing zone, with accuracy dropping drastically from league and team averages (see chart). The result is that teams simply don't have the ball in areas where they can test goalkeeper Jimmy Nielsen, an assertion backed up by the fact that only New England (six) have put more than one shot on frame all season.
Keep reading
It's very interesting reading power rankings right now because many of them have wildly moved FCD up and down the list in the last few weeks. What it tells me is that I don't think many around the league have much of a gauge where Dallas is right now and I can't blame them because I'm not sure any of us do either, especially until Ferreira is back.
ESPN has FCD at #10 up 5 spots from #15...SI.com has FCD at #11...Up to #8 in the Goal.com rankings
Brek Shea has a new blog up on Goal.com that's definitely worth reading.
Out of the teams in the Dallas/Fort Worth area, obviously the Cowboys have the biggest following. I'd even say the Cowboys have the most passionate fans in the country BUT let me remind everyone It isn't the best fan base I've seen in the world. That would go to Arsenal.
Our boy Drew Epperley's what we learned in Week 5 is always a good read
Televangelist Pat Robertson said on his “The 700 Club” program this morning that the U.S. is “helpless” against ISIS because the country has given up “the founding principle of America, which is Christianity, a belief in the Bible, a belief in God Almighty.”
“Ladies and gentlemen, this is a great country,” he said. “We've got over 300 million people in America, we have the most powerful armed forces in the world, there's nothing that can even come close to our strength, we have tremendous strength. And why should we be afraid of a few dozen nutty radicals wandering around in pickup trucks? But we are, because somehow or another we've lost the ethic, the élan if you will, that has drawn us together as a nation. We give up the founding principle of America, which is Christianity, a belief in the Bible, a belief in God Almighty. And we've given that up. We're helpless.”
“And so it's reflected in the fact that these crazy fanatics could come loose in small segments of the population and do terror,” he said, referring to the ISIS-inspired Americans who tried to attack an anti-Islam event in Texas. “Well, what could they do? They could put a bomb in and they can go for a radiological bomb, they can go for a dirty bomb, and one day they may even be able to import a real nuke, which could do terrible damage.
“So, it's like your body. If your body is strong, if your immune system is strong, you don't get disease. Your body is strong enough to overcome the diseases. It's only when your immune system is weakened and your body is weakened that these diseases can take you. Our body should be strong, and if it's strong it should be strong, nurtured, with the knowledge of our founding fundamental freedoms, the knowledge of what the history of our country is and especially the knowledge of God, the knowledge of the Bible. That's what made this country strong. You give all that up, well, the inner man, the immune system, gets weak, and it's subject to attack by little viruses like this thing that's coming along.”
Robertson then declared that President Obama “refuses to acknowledge that ISIS is a problem” and attacked Obama and President Bush for refusing “to acknowledge that Islam is not peaceful.”
Belk.
Bert.
Virginia Tech will play Arkansas in the Belk Bowl on December, 29. Kickoff is set for 5:30 PM EST. The Hokies last faced an SEC in the 2009 Peach Bowl — a 37 to 14 win over Tennessee. Tech has never played Arkansas in football before.
"Our fans have been fabulous all season, and I know Hokie Nation will be anxious to join us in Charlotte for the Belk Bowl," Justin Fuente said in a release regarding Tech's 24th consecutive bowl appearance. "As I told the team after last night's game, our seniors deserve to end their careers out on a positive note. We owe a huge debt of gratitude to this senior class and our staff will do everything possible to prepare our squad to face a quality foe like Arkansas.
"Coach Beamer and his teams built Virginia Tech into the nation's most consistent postseason participant and we appreciate the standard we're expected to uphold. For myself, these seniors and this entire squad, we felt an obligation to extend Coach Beamer's bowl streak. Now, our objective is to prepare and play to the best of our ability to conclude this season with a victory. I can't thank Hokie Nation enough for their unwavering support and our team looks forward to seeing the stands packed with Maroon and Orange in Charlotte."
In related news, for the fifth consecutive season, Virginia is not eligible for a bowl.
Still thinking about how all this adds up, if it does. I'm aware there are gaps in the reasoning.
1. Been saying to people recently stuff like “look at the top bloggers, look at Kos, who basically transformed the Democratic party into his vision – no one knows who these people are, yet you can nearly rule the world from here.” I'm not saying I'm right, but that's one starting point for this inquiry.
2. The other could be this wonderful interview with Felicia Day (h/t Josh), where she says this:
Wired.com: Has The Guild helped your acting career? Day: It's very funny. No. It's a little frustrating. Having done this for two years, I've gotten used to the fact that it's not going to cross over. Occasionally I'll see a writer who knows about the show. I have fewer auditions now than before I started The Guild because I have less time to concentrate on my acting career. In an ideal world, people would be offering me roles or at least I'd get more appointments and so would my cast members. Wired.com: How about the other cast members? Day: I would love them to work more than actors. It's very weird to live in two different worlds — where we're very popular, almost celebrities. And then when I go in to audition, the people in the waiting room recognize me as Felicia Day, the person who does The Guild , but when I go, in very few of the people who could hire me to do the job recognize what I do. It's a very interesting place to be and I've gotten over the fact that that might not change.
3. Finally, a brief note about what those formally invested in education are doing (the case of established success):
In 1990, Harvard had an endowment of about $4.7-billion. That was still a lot of money, about $7.7-billion in today's dollars. Only five other universities have that much money now. Over the next two decades the pile grew to colossal heights, $36.9-billion by mid-2008. Harvard spent the money on many things. But not a dollar went to increasing the number of undergraduates it chose to bless with a Harvard education. In 1990 the university welcomed slightly more than 1,600 students to its freshman class. In 2008, $32-billion later, it enrolled slightly more than 1,600 freshmen. That is remarkable stinginess. Harvard undergraduate degrees are immensely valuable, conferring a lifetime of social capital and prestige. The university receives many more highly qualified applicants than it chooses to admit. Because the existing class includes underqualified children of legacies, rich people, politicians, celebrities, and others who benefit from the questionable Ivy League admissions process, Harvard could presumably increase the size of its entering class by, say, 50 percent while improving the overall academic quality of the students it admits. Granted, it would cost money to teach more students. The university would need to invest in land and buildings and professors. But that's precisely what the university spent the endowment on. The Faculty of Arts and Sciences alone expanded by more than 125 positions over the past decade and increased spending by hundreds of millions of dollars. The university gobbled up nearby land and erected a collection of handsome new buildings, creating over six million square feet of new space since 2000 alone. Yet none of the brilliant new people and buildings and land were used to give more undergrads a Harvard education.
4. Let's start adding this together: we know there are real world needs and wants, and we know that there are content-producers on the Internet that can help satisfy (i.e. “The Guild” can help other people relate to more intense gamers; if you read everything I have on Dickinson carefully you'd probably be much better in your English classes, or at least sound like a nutcase) and – this is the kicker – satisfaction is had, actual power is obtained, attention is gotten yet no knows who you are or how they can even use you.
The weird thing about the Internet is that you're getting attention from a select group of people, but it's like you're operating in another spectrum of mass media. The Internet is mass media, but it doesn't cross over into the continuous tv/cable stream or newspapers or radio the same way those things get spliced into online culture. It makes a lot of sense to talk about the “entrenchment” of more traditional, mainstream media: it isn't like the content offered is of the highest quality: it's pretty clear there's a lot more that goes into some 5 minute shows than to much on television currently.
I think it also makes a lot of sense to talk about “money” and how far that goes. I brought up Harvard because Harvard isn't merely symbolic – it is the literal instantiation of our reasoning that money creates educated people. We may think, when we actually focus on the problem, that such an assumption is absurd. But the truth is we're operating on that premise – or something very close to it – every day. It's no shock to me that Kos got a lot of his power by showing he could fundraise; money commands the attention of those who would rule. And Day is pretty clear that a little bit more money for her show can go a long, long way, although there is a limit of diminishing returns that can be reached quickly. Part of the reason why mainstream media is entrenched is that money established a mode of discourse, a mode of thought: no one talks about political issues the way I do on television. There's a format, people are used to it, they can get the gist of what everyone's saying without paying attention to a single word.
No amount of money is going to help the Web break that last monopoly, not for some time. What money represents – its impact on all our education – is that learning can be convenient, politics can be user-friendly and entirely about expressing oneself, and entertainment need not challenge us to be better. When you consider the labor of love it takes to do anything well (read the Day interview and contrast with what most Harvard students are up to) it becomes clear that money isn't corrupting necessarily, but sets the stage for the worst sort of complacency.
So what success on the Internet looks like is what it is now: for the most part, fairly modest even when one gets a “hit.” One gets attention because one is authentic for the most part. When success on the Internet changes, we'll have to look for a new medium entirely for the sake of cultivating the things that matter.
On Tuesday's Breitbart News Daily, former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani recalled the intolerant reaction of fellow liberal academics after she voted for Donald Trump in the 2016 election.
Nomani went public with her voting decision in a Washington Post op-ed. She explained she was a “51-year-old, a Muslim, an immigrant woman ‘of color'” who became a “silent voter for Donald Trump,” and she made it clear she was not motivated by bigotry or a desire for “white supremacism.” Her stated reasons for voting for Trump included the damaging effects of Obamacare and concern about the rise of Islamist extremism worldwide.
She was immediately accused of bigotry and facilitating white supremacism after publishing her article, with one former colleague insulting her as a “clueless dolt” and questioning her humanity.
“You all were kind enough to write a piece from my experience since my election vote, in which a former colleague at Georgetown University, a professor in the Department of Peace and Security Studies, told me to ‘eff off and go to hell' because of my vote,” she recalled.
“It became a window for me into not just my dynamics with this one individual, but these phenomena that you're talking about, of the intolerance of the tolerance-loving Left. I was just shocked,” Nomani told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow.
“I have to say, I'm naive in a bit, and I really believed the arguments of those who are liberal, saying that they are all about peace and love and tolerance, and didn't really understand this distinction with the dangerous Left, as you're identifying,” she said.
“I have also gone back in my own analysis and come to the same identity issue of feeling like there are important principles of liberalism that are significant, but the Left has, unfortunately, hijacked liberals in America and created this intolerance,” she warned.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
Earlier this week Vanderbilt University announced that it would remove the word “Confederate” from the stone pediment at the entrance to a campus dormitory known as Memorial Hall. The decision brings to a close a long-standing dispute between the university and the Tennessee division of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, which provided the funds for the construction of the building and claimed naming rights in 1933. As part of the agreement, the school will pay the UDC $1.2 million or the present value of their initial $50,000 donation. This decision is the latest in a string of high-profile moves to remove Confederate iconography from public and private places as well as a reflection of the UDC's long decline.
The women who founded the UDC in 1894 were committed to preserving and defending the memory of Confederate soldiers and their cause. By World War I, membership in the UDC had reached roughly 100,000. While chapters were eventually established throughout the country, they remained most influential in the South, where they organized Decoration Day ceremonies, monument dedications, and raised money to support veterans in their old age. Their most important function, however, was the overseeing of how history was taught to the next generation on the high school and college levels. Students were expected to assume the responsibility of defending their ancestors once the generation that lived through the war had died. They did this primarily by authorizing textbooks for classroom use and rejecting those they deemed to be a threat to the memory of the Confederate soldier.
The UDC promoted histories that celebrated the Confederate cause by praising leaders like Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson and ignoring or re-interpreting the central cause of the war, namely slavery. Consider Susan Pendleton Lee's 1895 textbook, A School History of the United States, in which she declared that although abolitionists had declared slavery to be a “moral wrong,” most Southerners believed that “the evils connected with it were less than those of any other system of labor.” “Hundreds of thousands of African savages,” according to the author, “had been Christianized under its influence—the kindest relations existed between the slaves and their owners.” It should come as no surprise that in her account of Reconstruction, the Ku Klux Klan was necessary “for protection against . . . outrages committed by misguided negroes.”
By the first decade of the 20th century and with the encouragement of the UDC, most Southern states established textbook commissions to oversee and recommend books for all public schools that provided a “fair and impartial” interpretation. These committees worked diligently to challenge publishers who stood to threaten the South's preferred story of the war: “Southern schools and Southern teachers have prepared books which Southern children may read without insult or traduction of their fathers. Printing presses all over the Southland—and all over the Northland—are sending forth by thousands ones which tell the true character of the heroic struggle. The influence . . . of the South forbid[s] longer the perversion of truth and falsification of history.”
Perhaps the best example of the oversight exercised by the UDC was through the efforts of Mildred L. Rutherford of Georgia, who served as the organization's “Historian General.” In 1919 Rutherford published A Measuring Rod to Test Text Books and Reference Books in Schools, Colleges, and Libraries. The book was recommended for “all authorities charged with the selection of text-books for colleges, schools, and all scholastic institutions” and recommended that “all library authorities in the southern States mark all books in their collections which do not come up to the same measure, on the title page thereof, ‘Unjust to the South.'”
Rutherford's recommendations included rejecting books that spoke of the Constitution as anything other than as a compact between sovereign states. Textbooks were also rejected that did not clearly outline the interferences with the rights guaranteed to the South by the Constitution, which it was believed led directly to secession. Any book that suggested that the Confederacy fought to protect slavery was rejected. This also held for any book that characterized slaveholders of the South as cruel and unjust to their chattel. Finally, Abraham Lincoln was not to be glorified nor Jefferson Davis vilified.
In response to some of the most egregious violations having to do with the history of slavery, Rutherford offered a number of corrections. She suggested that “Southern men were anxious for the slaves to be free. They were studying earnestly the problem of freedom, when Northern fanatical Abolitionists took matters into their own hands.” And in a claim that is still today widely repeated, Rutherford argued that, “Gen. Lee freed his slaves before the war began and Gen. Ulysses S. Grant did not free his until the war ended.”
The effort made by the UDC to control history textbooks paid off immeasurably and continued to shape how Americans remembered the Civil War well into the 20th century. As late as the '70s, the state of Virginia still used the popular textbook Virginia: History, Government, Geography by Francis B. Simkins, Spotswood H. Jones, and Sidman P. Poole, first published in 1957. Its chapter on slavery—“How the Negroes Lived under Slavery”—featured a well-dressed African-American family on board a ship shaking hands with a white man, who is presumed to be the family's new owner. Here is how it describes slavery:
A feeling of strong affection existed between masters and slaves in a majority of Virginia homes . . . The house servants became almost as much a part of the planter's family circle as its white members . . . The Negroes were always present at family weddings. They were allowed to look on at dances and other entertainments . . . A strong tie existed between slave and master because each was dependent on the other … The slave system demanded that the master care for the slave in childhood, in sickness, and in old age. The regard that master and slaves had for each other made plantation life happy and prosperous. Life among the Negroes of Virginia in slavery times was generally happy. The Negroes went about in a cheerful manner making a living for themselves and for those for whom they worked . . . But they were not worried by the furious arguments going on between Northerners and Southerners over what should be done with them. In fact, they paid little attention to these arguments.
It is unclear what the UDC will do with the $1.2 million payment, but one thing is certain and that is they will not be able to use it to push the agenda of their forebears. Their preferred historical narrative has been largely discredited over the past few decades and the organization itself is now largely ceremonial.
In the wake of Vanderbilt's decision, some have expressed concern that in changing the name of the building the university is “erasing history.” Such claims are ironic given the UDC's efforts to control and distort (for their own self-serving purposes) the teaching of history that takes place on high school and college campuses every day across the country.
Kevin M. Levin is a historian and educator based in Boston. He is the author of Remembering the Battle of the Crater: War as Murder (2012) and is currently at work on Searching For Black Confederate Soldiers: The Civil War's Most Persistent Myth. You can find him online at Civil War Memory and Twitter @kevinlevin.
by moved check description 1:29 - 11,843 viewsHOLY SHIT,WHAT DID I JUST DO.I CANT EVENMY EYES.OH DEAR GOD,WHY?!!?!?EVERYTHING IS NOT MINEEEE
Slender Man dances for his 20 dollars
by
4:33 - 2,161,925 views
READ THIS... i um i mean uh if um you wanted to that is**Epileptic warning** **I do not own this song** I did not make the animation, I found it on KYM Images, if anyone has a source to this please give me a link and I will properly show it.
Edit- wow... just, wow... it has over a million views. thanks, i just don't know what to say. by Termitater88 4:33 - 2,161,925 viewsREAD THIS... i um i mean uh if um you wanted to that is**Epileptic warning** **I do not own this song** I did not make the animation, I found it on KYM Images, if anyone has a source to this please give me a link and I will properly show it.Edit- wow... just, wow... it has over a million views. thanks, i just don't know what to say.
【MMD】Everyday im Slenderin
by
0:33 - 162,211 views
No description available.
loljk
i wouldn't recommend wearing headphones watching this
(i dont own the model, animation, or song. i just put them all together) by August IV 0:33 - 162,211 viewsNo description available.loljki wouldn't recommend wearing headphones watching this(i dont own the model, animation, or song. i just put them all together)
Political observers can be forgiven if they felt that they had jumped back in time during the 2015 legislative session that ended on April 2.
For 40 days, state lawmakers debated and chose not to discuss how to expand rail, spark more bus routes, or help jump-start commuter trains to better connect metro Atlanta — it was all about roads and bridges, and maintaining the status quo. In the process, they gave electric vehicles and commercial airlines the middle finger. And walked away with a plan that would raise $1 billion — just enough cash to keep what we already have from falling apart. If this is vision, then Georgia is blind.
Going into the legislation session, GOP leaders agreed: the bag of cash to fund fast-growing Georgia's transportation network needed an update. Revenues generated by the state's gas tax, which the state Constitution says can be spent only on roads and bridges, were dwindling as cars became more efficient and people drove less. Goods coming and going through the Port of Savannah and Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, as well on interstates and freight railroad tracks, needed to flow freely. The state required roughly $1 billion a year just to keep the existing roads and bridges from falling apart, according to estimates compiled by HNTB, an engineering behemoth. To grow the system, including transit, would take around $3 billion. Really making a difference could take up to $5 billion a year.
During the legislative session, ideas were floated and shot down, including a proposal to raise the cigarette tax to the national average, raising roughly a half-billion dollars each year.
State lawmakers, as always, opted to aim low. In addition to tinkering with the gas tax, they decided to pop one of the few good transportation stories to come out of Georgia by gutting a tax credit that has helped make the state one of the electric-car industry's biggest markets. And to make up some lost revenue, they tacked on a $5-a-night motel and hotel room fee. Lawmakers who are quick to claim it's a tax on tourists are overlooking the extended stay motels used by some men, women, and families living on low incomes — a segment of Georgia's population that typically gets overlooked by the majority party. Arm-twisting and horse-trading led to the legislation's passage.
Mission accomplished, kind of. Lawmakers and lobbyists got to notch a win on their list of to-dos. But the funding package, as Sierra Club lobbyist Neill Herring put it to an Atlanta Journal-Constitution reporter, would appeal to people who are clinging to their cars or dying out. Or, as Herring called them, the "graveyard bound."
People will always drive in Georgia, especially the rural areas. One day there might even be autonomous vehicles maneuvering on our roadways, although it's a shame state lawmakers appear content to wait for the solution. Cars will never go away. And roads and bridges are vital pieces of infrastructure. But younger generations don't want to spend their lives behind the wheel of a car. They want to walk, bicycle, and take transit. We need mobility options. But another year has passed at the Gold Dome without expanding those options.
What Georgians are seeing now is the GOP's anti-tax, government-is-bad rhetoric coming home to roost. State leaders have spent more than 10 years saying Georgia can scrimp and cut its way to solutions. They have painted themselves in a corner.
Georgia and metro Atlanta are still way behind others when it comes to transportation. Were it not for Atlanta's intense lobbying for transit cash, dedication to expanding its streetcar, and MARTA's efforts to improve service, Georgia's transportation future would be entirely depressing. Parts of metro Atlanta are trying to move out of the dark ages. But the city and metro region, the true economic engines of the state, can go only so far without Gold Dome help. And, frankly, it's long overdue.
People searching for a silver lining like to say the legislation that was passed includes giving counties the option to levy a sales tax that can be used to raise cash for transportation projects — including transit. But that provision sunsets after five years, making it difficult to use for bus and rail projects. They note that MARTA, despite pumping an estimated $2.6 billion into Georgia's economy, has finally been acknowledged by state lawmakers, a sign that the redheaded stepchild of transit systems has finally earned a seat at the Gold Dome's proverbial table. It only took, what, more than 40 years? And $75 million in bond funding was allocated for transit systems. But MARTA will have to compete with every bus system serving GOP-strong suburbs and rural area. State lawmakers lifted an antiquated funding restriction that has handcuffed MARTA over the years, which was a good step. But actually helping to support the transit agency, say by paying down the debt it took on to help stay afloat and keep its system in good repair, would be an even nicer gesture.
Next year and the following year, we'll iron out all the problems, they say. But what should worry transit supporters is the fact it's taken this damn long for lawmakers to wake up. At that rate, little progress is being made. Georgia will still lag behind other states, meaning reps and senators will have to find even more funding as time goes on. And next year? It's an election year, the prime time for lawmakers to bloviate and grandstand for the base voters back home during 40 precious days when real change could be made on pressing issues. Will one of them actually stand up and say it's time to stop living in the 1990s, and then actually do something?
EAST ORANGE — It was an ambush. Bodies were strewn across a bloody floor, a witness said, young men and women trampled over one another to escape the gunfire, some of them even dived out of windows.
When it was all over shortly after midnight yesterday, two men and three women lay wounded, one mortally, in a rented house on South Clinton Street in East Orange, about a mile from Seton Hall University.
What had started as an off-campus party attended mostly by students ended with the death of Seton Hall sophomore Jessica Moore, 19, of Disputanta, Va.
Authorities did not identify the other victims, but they said in addition to Moore, two are Seton Hall students and one went to the New Jersey Institute of Technology. The fifth is from New York City.
Before the attack, an uninvited guest crashed the party, said East Orange Police Director Jose Cordero. When the man was confronted, a fight broke out. The man left but came back a short time later with a gun in his hand.
"The whole crowd was like a stampede. Girls were being trampled on ... it was pure terror," said a man who attended the party. He identified himself as a May graduate of Seton Hall who lives in Newark but did not want to give his name for fear of his safety.
When the shooting was over, Moore lay on the floor, the man said. But for the trickling blood, she appeared to be asleep.
Lying next to her was Nakeisha Vanterpool, 19, of the Bronx, who was cradled by her twin sister, Nicole, the women's aunt said. Blood streamed from two bullet wounds in her arm and jaw.
"She can't believe all this happened," said her aunt, Nina Vanterpool, of southern New Jersey. "I think she's still in shock right now."
A suitemate of Moore's, Vanterpool was being treated yesterday at University Hospital in Newark, where she communicated with friends and family on Facebook.
"This is the most unreal feeling I have ever felt (Jessica) is not only my friend but my sister life will never be the same," she wrote.
Another victim, Yvan Christophe, 25, was shot in the leg, said a man identifying himself as Christophe's uncle at his nephew's former East Orange residence. Christophe lists himself as a 2007 NJIT graduate on his Facebook page.
The suspect in the shootings was still at large late yesterday, authorities said. At a news conference yesterday afternoon, Cordero said the Essex County Prosecutor's Office, along with the East Orange, South Orange and Newark police departments and Seton Hall's campus police are involved in the search.
"We'll leave no stone unturned until all those involved with this are brought to justice," said acting Essex County Prosecutor Robert Laurino.
Added East Orange Mayor Robert Bowser: "We will not tolerate this kind of violence. ... The shooter picked the wrong city. He will be apprehended."
A psychology major and an aspiring singer, Moore once wrote on her MySpace page that she wanted to work with military veterans who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder.
"She was a smart, sweet girl," said Kendra Nickens, whose two daughters were close friends of Moore's. "She loved playing basketball and softball."
Moore was a varsity athlete in both sports at Upper Merion Area High School in King of Prussia, Pa. The young woman had lived in a variety of places because her father was in the military.
"She was just a great kid," said John Whitney, who coached Moore in softball her junior and senior years at Upper Merion. "When Jess first came up she was very raw, but she had a lot of talent. She was a pleasure to coach."
Interim Seton Hall president Gabriel Esteban, himself a father of a student at the university, last night called the attack a "senseless tragedy."
"This is the phone call you really don't want to get," he said.
Essex County Crime Stoppers is offering a $10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible for the slaying and attempted killings. Anyone with information about the crime, says the Essex County Sheriff's Office, should contact the East Orange Violent Crimes Task Force at (973) 266-5060 or East Orange Anonymous Crime Tips Hotline at (973) 266-5041.
By Nyier Abdou and Amy Ellis Nutt / The Star-Ledger
Staff writers Megan DeMarco, Victoria St. Martin, David Giambusso and Julie O'Connor, as well as Eugene Paik of the New Jersey Local News Service, contributed to this report.
Previous coverage:
• Seton Hall student dies following shooting at off-campus party
• Five people are shot near off-campus Seton Hall University house
Mikhail Vasilyevich Lomonosov (;[1] Russian: Михаи́л (Михáйло) Васи́льевич Ломоно́сов, IPA: [mʲɪxɐˈil vɐˈsʲilʲjɪvʲɪtɕ ləmɐˈnosəf] (); November 19 [O.S. November 8] 1711 – April 15 [O.S. April 4] 1765) was a Russian polymath, scientist and writer, who made important contributions to literature, education, and science. Among his discoveries were the atmosphere of Venus and the law of conservation of mass in chemical reactions. His spheres of science were natural science, chemistry, physics, mineralogy, history, art, philology, optical devices and others. Lomonosov was also a poet and influenced the formation of the modern Russian literary language.
Early life and family [ edit ]
Lomonosov was born in the village of Mishaninskaya (later renamed Lomonosovo in his honor) in Archangelgorod Governorate, on an island not far from Kholmogory, in the far north of Russia. His father, Vasily Dorofeyevich Lomonosov, was a prosperous peasant fisherman turned shipowner, who amassed a small fortune transporting goods from Arkhangelsk to Pustozyorsk, Solovki, Kola, and Lapland. Lomonosov's mother was Vasily's first wife, a deacon's daughter, Elena Ivanovna Sivkova.
He remained at Denisovka until he was ten, when his father decided that he was old enough to participate in his business ventures, and Lomonosov began accompanying Vasily on trading missions.
Learning was young Lomonosov's passion, however, not business. The boy's thirst for knowledge was insatiable. Lomonosov had been taught to read as a boy by his neighbor Ivan Shubny, and he spent every spare moment with his books. He continued his studies with the village deacon, S.N. Sabelnikov, but for many years the only books he had access to were religious texts. When he was fourteen, Lomonosov was given copies of Meletius Smotrytsky's Modern Church Slavonic (a grammar book) and Leonty Magnitsky's Arithmetic. On his religious views, Lomonosov was a Russian orthodox all his life, but had close encounters with Old Believers schism in early youth and later in life he became a deist.[5][6]
In 1724, his father married for the third and final time. Lomonosov and his stepmother Irina had an acrimonious relationship. Unhappy at home and intent on obtaining a higher education, which Lomonosov could not receive in Mishaninskaya, he was determined to leave the village.
Education in Moscow and Kiev [ edit ]
The Lomonosov house in Marburg
In 1730, at nineteen, Lomonosov went to Moscow on foot, because he was determined to "study sciences". Shortly after arrival, he admitted into the Slavic Greek Latin Academy by falsely claiming to be a son of a Kholmogory nobleman. In 1734 that initial falsehood as well as another lie for him to be son of a priest nearly got him expelled from the academy but the investigation ended without severe consequences.
Lomonosov lived on three kopecks a day, eating only black bread and kvass, but he made rapid progress scholastically. It is believed that in 1735, after three years in Moscow he was sent to Kiev to study for short period at the Kyiv-Mohyla Academy. He quickly became dissatisfied with the education he was receiving there, and returned to Moscow to resume his studies there. In five years Lomonosov completed a twelve-year study course and in 1736, among 12 best graduates, was awarded a scholarship at the St. Petersburg Academy. He plunged into his studies and was rewarded with a four-year grant to study abroad, in Germany, first at the University of Marburg and then in Freiberg.
Education abroad [ edit ]
The University of Marburg was among Europe's most important universities in the mid-18th century due to the presence of the philosopher Christian Wolff, a prominent figure of the German Enlightenment. Lomonosov became one of Wolff's students while at Marburg from November 1736 to July 1739. Both philosophically and as a science administrator, this connection would be the most influential of Lomonosov's life. In 1739–1740 he studied mineralogy, metallurgy, and mining at Bergrat Johann Friedrich Henckel's [de] laboratory in Freiberg, Saxony; there he intensified his studies of German literature.
Lomonosov quickly mastered the German language, and in addition to philosophy, seriously studied chemistry, discovered the works of 17th century Irish theologian and natural philosopher, Robert Boyle, and even began writing poetry. He also developed an interest in German literature. He is said to have especially admired Günther. His Ode on the Taking of Khotin from the Turks, composed in 1739, attracted a great deal of attention in Saint Petersburg. Contrary to his adoration for Wolff, Lomonosov went into fierce disputes with Henckel over the training and education courses he and his two compatriot students were getting in Freiberg as well as over very limited financial support which Henckel was instructed to provide to the Russians after numerous debts they made in Marburg. As the result, Lomonosov left Freiberg without permission and wandered for quite a while over Germany and Holland unsuccessfully trying to get a permission from Russian envoys to return to the St.Petersburg Academy.[citation needed]
During his residence in Marburg, Lomonosov boarded with Catharina Zilch, a brewer's widow.[14] He fell in love with Catharina's daughter Elizabeth Christine Zilch. They were married in June 1740.[15] Lomonosov found it extremely difficult to maintain his growing family on the scanty and irregular allowance granted him by the Russian Academy of Sciences. As his circumstances became desperate, he resolved and got permission to return to Saint Petersburg.
Return to Russia [ edit ]
Lomonosov returned to Russia in June 1741, after being abroad 4 years and 8 months. A year later he was named an Adjunct of the Russian Academy of Science in the physics department. In May 1743, Lomonosov was accused, arrested, and held under house arrest for eight months, after he supposedly insulted various people associated with the Academy. He was released and pardoned in January 1744 after apologising to all involved.
Lomonosov was made a full member of the Academy, and named Professor of chemistry, in 1745. He established the Academy's first chemistry laboratory.[16] Eager to improve Russia's educational system, in 1755, Lomonosov joined his patron Count Ivan Shuvalov in founding Moscow University.[16]
In 1760, he was elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. In 1764, he was elected Foreign Member of the Academy of Sciences of the Institute of Bologna [17] In 1764, Lomonosov was appointed to the position of the State Councillor which was of Rank V in the Russian Empire's Table of Ranks. He died on 4 April (o.s.), 1765 in Saint Petersburg. He is widely and deservingly regarded as the "Father of Russian Science",[18] though many of his scientific accomplishments were relatively unknown outside Russia until long after his death and gained proper appreciation only in late 19th and, especially, in 20th centuries.
Physicist [ edit ]
In 1756, Lomonosov tried to replicate Robert Boyle's experiment of 1673. He concluded that the commonly accepted phlogiston theory was false. Anticipating the discoveries of Antoine Lavoisier, he wrote in his diary: "Today I made an experiment in hermetic glass vessels in order to determine whether the mass of metals increases from the action of pure heat. The experiments– of which I append the record in 13 pages– demonstrated that the famous Robert Boyle was deluded, for without access of air from outside the mass of the burnt metal remains the same".
That is the Law of Mass Conservation in chemical reaction, which was well-known today as "in a chemical reaction, the mass of reactants is equal to the mass of the products." Lomonosov, together with Lavoisier, is regarded as the one who discovered the law of mass conservation.[20]
He stated that all matter is composed of corpuscles – molecules that are "collections" of elements – atoms. In his dissertation "Elements of Mathematical Chemistry" (1741, unfinished), the scientist gives the following definition: "An element is a part of a body that does not consist of any other smaller and different bodies ... corpuscle is a collection of elements forming one small mass."[21] In a later study (1748), he uses term "atom" instead of "element", and "particula" (particle) or "molecule" instead of "corpuscle".
He regarded heat as a form of motion, suggested the wave theory of light, contributed to the formulation of the kinetic theory of gases, and stated the idea of conservation of matter in the following words: "All changes in nature are such that inasmuch is taken from one object insomuch is added to another. So, if the amount of matter decreases in one place, it increases elsewhere. This universal law of nature embraces laws of motion as well, for an object moving others by its own force in fact imparts to another object the force it loses" (first articulated in a letter to Leonhard Euler dated 5 July 1748, rephrased and published in Lomonosov's dissertation "Reflexion on the solidity and fluidity of bodies", 1760).
Astronomer [ edit ]
Scheme of the Lomonosov-Effect during a transit of Venus
Lomonosov was the first to discover and appreciate atmosphere of Venus during his observation of the transit of Venus of 1761 in a small observatory near his house in Petersburg.[22]
In June 2012 a group of astronomers carried out experimental reconstruction of Lomonosov's discovery of Venusian atmosphere with antique refractors during the transit of Venus ( 5–6 June 2012).[23] They concluded that Lomonosov's telescope was fully adequate to the task of detecting the arc of light around Venus off the Sun's disc during ingress or egress if proper experimental techniques as described by Lomonosov in his 1761 paper[24] are employed.[25]
Diagrams from Mikhail Lomonosov's "The Appearance of Venus on the Sun, Observed at the St. Petersburg Imperial Academy of Sciences on 26 May 1761"
In 1762, Lomonosov presented an improved design of a reflecting telescope to the Russian Academy of Sciences forum. His telescope had its primary mirror adjusted at an angle of four degrees to the telescope's axis. This made the image focus at the side of the telescope tube, where the observer could view the image with an eyepiece without blocking the image. However, this invention was not published until 1827, so this type of telescope has become associated with a similar design by William Herschel, the Herschelian telescope.[26]
Chemist and geologist [ edit ]
In 1759, with his collaborator, academician Joseph Adam Braun, Lomonosov was the first person to record the freezing of mercury and to carry out initial experiments with it.[27] Believing that nature is subject to regular and continuous evolution, he demonstrated the organic origin of soil, peat, coal, petroleum and amber. In 1745, he published a catalogue of over 3,000 minerals, and in 1760, he explained the formation of icebergs.
In 1763, he published On The Strata of the Earth - his most significant geological work.[28]
Geographer [ edit ]
Lomonosov's observation of iceberg formation led into his pioneering work in geography. Lomonosov got close to the theory of continental drift,[29] theoretically predicted the existence of Antarctica (he argued that icebergs of the South Ocean could be formed only on a dry land covered with ice),[30] and invented sea tools which made writing and calculating directions and distances easier. In 1764, he organized an expedition (led by Admiral Vasili Chichagov) to find the Northeast Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by sailing along the northern coast of Siberia.
Mosaicist [ edit ]
Lomonosov was proud to restore the ancient art of mosaics. In 1754, in his letter to Leonhard Euler, he wrote that his three years of experiments on the effects of chemistry of minerals on their colour led to his deep involvement in the mosaic art. In 1763, he set up a glass factory that produced the first stained glass mosaics outside of Italy. There were forty mosaics attributed to Lomonosov, with only twenty-four surviving to the present day. Among the best is the portrait of Peter the Great and the Battle of Poltava, measuring 4.8 by 6.4 metres (16 ft × 21 ft).[31][32][33]
Grammarian, poet, historian [ edit ]
In 1755 Lomonosov wrote a grammar that reformed the Russian literary language by combining Old Church Slavonic with the vernacular tongue. To further his literary theories, he wrote more than 20 solemn ceremonial odes, notably the Evening Meditation on the God's Grandeur. He applied an idiosyncratic theory to his later poems – tender subjects needed words containing the front vowel sounds E, I, Y and U, whereas things that may cause fear (like "anger", "envy", "pain" and "sorrow") needed words with back vowel sounds O, U and Y. That was a version of what is now called sound symbolism.
In 1760 Lomonosov published a History of Russia.[34][35] In addition, he attempted to write a grand epic about Peter the Great, to be based on the Aeneid by Vergil, but he died before he could finish it.[36]
Legacy [ edit ]
His granddaughter Sophia Konstantinova (1769–1844) married Russian military hero and statesman General Nikolay Raevsky. His great-granddaughter was Princess Maria (Raevskaya) Volkonskaya, the wife of the Decembrist Prince Sergei Volkonsky.[37]
The city of Lomonosov, Russia (former Oranienbaum, Russia from 1710–1948), and a lunar crater bear his name, as does a crater on Mars and the asteroid 1379 Lomonosowa. The Imperial Porcelain Factory, Saint Petersburg was renamed after him from 1925 to 2005. In 1948, the underwater Lomonosov Ridge in the Arctic Ocean was named in his honor. Moscow State University was renamed ''M. V. Lomonosov Moscow State University'' in his honor in 1940.[citation needed]
The Lomonosov Gold Medal was established in 1959 and is awarded annually by the Russian Academy of Sciences to a Russian and a foreign scientist.[citation needed]
Lomonosovskaya Station on the Nevsko-Vasileostrovskaya Line of the Saint Petersburg Metro is named after him. It was opened in 1970.
The street "Lomonosova iela" in the Maskavas Forštate district of Riga is named in honor of Lomonosov. During the Soviet era a main street in Tallinn, Estonia, was named in his honor as "Lomonossovi M.", but from 1991 it was renamed Gonsiori after Jakob Johann Gonsior, a 19th-century alderman and lawyer.[38]
The Akademik Lomonosov, the first of a series of Russian floating nuclear power stations, is named for him. It is expected to be operational at Pevek, Chukotka in September 2019.[39][40]
Works [ edit ]
Monument to Mikhail Lomonosov on Sparrow Hills
English translations
German translations
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
In case you're wondering why no Republican has stood up to be counted, you should know that installing a vulgar talking yam in the White House has changed the job description of Being A Congressman. Isn't that right, Barry Loudermilk?
Luckily, the House veterans are there to set rookies like Loudermilk straight.
MacArthur: "We don't oversee the executive…. Congress is not the board of directors of the White House." — Igor Bobic (@igorbobic) May 11, 2017
That's Tom MacArthur, the New Jersey representative and the primary architect of the most recent iteration of the Republican healthcare farce, and someone who had a rather bad night back home on Wednesday evening.
This is so confusing. If only there were some pieces of 18th century parchment available to clear up the muddle. And if only someone who was around when it was written had thought to explain it further:
But the great security against a gradual concentration of the several powers in the same department, consists in giving to those who administer each department the necessary constitutional means and personal motives to resist encroachments of the others. The provision for defense must in this, as in all other cases, be made commensurate to the danger of attack. Ambition must be made to counteract ambition. The interest of the man must be connected with the constitutional rights of the place. It may be a reflection on human nature, that such devices should be necessary to control the abuses of government. But what is government itself, but the greatest of all reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.
We are currently being governed by the members of a terrified cult.
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
Brian Snyder/Reuters
In a Manhattan courtroom last week, federal prosecutors played for a jury a secretly recorded telephone conversation between two Wall Street traders exchanging stock tips.
Two days later, one of those traders, Ephraim G. Karpel, hanged himself in his Fifth Avenue office, according to a law enforcement official.
Mr. Karpel was never charged with any wrongdoing, and until last week his name had not emerged in connection with the government's vast investigation of insider trading.
Yet while working for a New York commodities firm, he had agreed in 2008 to cooperate with federal authorities, and for about a year he taped conversations with fellow traders, according to two people with direct knowledge of the matter who insisted on anonymity to discuss it.
“The government's investigation changed his life forever and was his unraveling,” Fran Karpel, his wife, said in a telephone interview from her home in Livingston, N.J. “He sank deeper and deeper into a hole and couldn't see a way out.”
Related Links Transcript of Wiretapped Call Between Ephraim Karpel and Zvi Goffer
Federal prosecutors' increasingly aggressive and public stance in pursuing insider trading has led to headline-grabbing convictions and stepped-up compliance procedures at hedge funds.
But behind the scenes, the government's hardball investigative tactics — using surveillance, pressuring witnesses and raiding offices — have also spawned a culture of fear on Wall Street and affected the lives of many who have not been accused of any crimes.
Whether the investigation played a role in Mr. Karpel's death cannot be known. He had been depressed after losing his job, his wife said, and other factors may have contributed.
But according to Ms. Karpel, his death at age 50 came three years after a pair of agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation approached him outside the Applejack Diner, at 55th Street and Broadway. The agents took him inside the restaurant and, seated at a table toward the back, told him they had evidence of his involvement in an insider trading network.
The government's supposed evidence included a telephone conversation between Mr. Karpel and Zvi Goffer, a trader whose phone the F.B.I. had tapped.
On the call, recorded on Dec. 31, 2007, Mr. Karpel told Mr. Goffer that the drugstore chain Walgreens had made an offer to acquire Matria Healthcare.
“I've got the trade for the month of January for you,” Mr. Karpel said, according to a transcript of the call. “It's coming from a banker.”
That call was one of more than 20 wiretapped conversations played during Mr. Goffer's two-month trial, which is now in jury deliberations.
The Walgreens deal never happened, but the recorded conversation led federal authorities to approach Mr. Karpel and seek his help in building insider trading cases. It is unclear how investigators thought that Mr. Karpel could help them.
“Ephraim was a very popular guy and knew a lot of people,” his wife said. “He always called it a fishing expedition.”
Indeed, Mr. Karpel had many Wall Street connections. He worked for 18 years at Mutual Shares, an investment firm run by the fund manager Michael F. Price, rising to the position of head trader. Mr. Karpel then left Mutual Shares to work as an analyst, a job he considered more cerebral and respectable.
He developed an expertise in metals and mining stocks. After a stint at P. Schoenfeld Asset Management, Mr. Karpel joined Tigris Financial Group, a commodities firm run by the investor Thomas S. Kaplan.
None of Mr. Karpel's former employers has been accused of any wrongdoing.
Over the last two years, the United States attorney's office in Manhattan, which has led the federal investigative effort in this area, has charged 49 people with insider trading crimes. Thirty-nine of them have pleaded guilty or been convicted by a jury, including Raj Rajaratnam, the billionaire hedge fund manager.
But the federal authorities' techniques have rarely been seen on Wall Street before.
Late last year, F.B.I. agents conducted three simultaneous raids of large hedge funds. Two of those funds have since closed. And for the first time in an insider trading inquiry, the government has been using wiretaps — a method typically reserved for drug crimes and organized crime cases — to record the telephone conversations of Wall Street traders.
In one instance, the government came under official criticism for its wiretap practices. Earlier this year, Judge Richard J. Sullivan rebuked law enforcement officials for monitoring an intimate call between a trader and his wife, a conversation that was not germane to the trader's case.
“The court is deeply troubled by this unnecessary, and apparently voyeuristic, intrusion,” wrote Judge Sullivan, a federal judge in Manhattan.
It was wiretaps that led the F.B.I. to confront Mr. Karpel on the street.
After the encounter, Mr. Karpel retained Daniel R. Alonso, then a partner at the law firm Kaye Scholer, who advised Mr. Karpel to cooperate with the government.
Mr. Alonso, now the chief assistant district attorney for Manhattan, would neither confirm nor deny that he had represented Mr. Karpel, citing legal ethics rules. Representatives of the F.B.I. and the United States attorney in Manhattan declined to comment.
Ms. Karpel said Mr. Alonso had counseled her and her husband to keep Mr. Karpel's cooperation with the government quiet.
“Our lawyer said, ‘You can only discuss this with me, your rabbi or your therapist,' ” Ms. Karpel said. “We didn't have therapists and we belonged to a synagogue but didn't want to talk to our rabbi, so we kept it a secret from everyone, even our family.”
“We were terrified,” Ms. Karpel added. “We had nobody to turn to.”
Ms. Karpel said her husband had been horribly conflicted about his cooperation. She said he had been so worried about entrapping his friends that he began cutting himself off from Wall Street contacts.
By mid-2009, the F.B.I. began to lose interest in Mr. Karpel, according to his wife, and stopped asking for his help.
Around that time, however, his employer, Tigris, learned of his involvement in the investigation, according to a firm spokesman. Tigris dismissed him, but he continued to work with the company as an outside consultant until his death.
In recent months, Mr. Karpel had been in talks to join Javelin Partners, a fledgling Toronto firm that advises small mining companies. He never joined the firm but had been subleasing space at Javelin's New York office on lower Fifth Avenue, which is where he was found.
After he lost his job at the Tigris he became very depressed, Ms. Karpel said.
“He loved Wall Street and he loved his friends there,” she said. “He felt like he had to reinvent himself.”
Transcript of the Wiretapped Call Between Ephraim Karpel and Zvi Goffer
The plan to legalize marijuana should recognize that the black community has been overly criminalized for using the drug, says a Liberal MP who is calling on the government to consider that perspective.
"We do know that black Canadians have been disproportionately charged with and are imprisoned for possession of small amounts of cannabis," Greg Fergus, a Quebec MP who chairs the Liberal black caucus, said Tuesday.
"I don't think that's because there is a greater propensity in the black community to consume marijuana," he said.
"We have to look at the questions of systemic racism."
Fergus added that the same could be said for Indigenous Peoples and he wants to make sure that is reflected in the ongoing debate over the proposed legislation to legalize marijuana, also known as Bill C-45, which the House of Commons health committee will begin studying next month.
The MP, who gathered with other African-Canadian leaders in Ottawa this week to discuss this and other issues affecting people of colour, said they also want to reach out to the community to discuss the economic and social justice impacts of the proposed legislation.
Fergus nonetheless said he agreed with the Liberal government's decision not to decriminalize simple possession of marijuana for the time being.
New Democrat MP Alistair MacGregor questioned Fergus's logic.
"How can the Liberals claim to understand this issue and yet choose to keep handing out possession charges and criminal records that unfairly target young people of colour?" he said in an emailed statement.
Reacting to Charlottesville
Fergus, who appeared at a news conference in Ottawa alongside Michael Coteau, the Ontario minister responsible for anti-racism, and Independent Sen. Wanda Elaine Thomas Bernard, said the leaders also discussed the need for more data on race across all levels of government.
As well, they talked about the importance of seeking allies outside their communities and efforts to adopt the UN's International Decade for People of African Descent.
They all spoke of having strong reactions to seeing the racism and hatred expressed by white supremacists who marched earlier this month in Charlottesville, Va., but expressed hope that those voices are in the minority.
"It was shocking. I never expected to see in this day and age such baldly held views on anti-Semitism or on racism," said Fergus.
"The comforting thought that I had, of course, is the law of numbers," he said, adding that he felt the same way when he saw that counter-protesters outnumbered those who were with La Meute, a group associated with the far right, in Quebec City over the weekend.
"I feel strongly that most people don't hold those views."
'This is not acceptable'
Thomas Bernard, a Nova Scotia senator, said it was a reminder of what her ancestors lived through, but she tried to focus on those who spoke out against the racism.
"I think we need more of that around the world," she said.
"We need people who disagree with the narrative to take a stand, to express that in some way, to say 'This is not acceptable."'
All three were more cautious when pressed on what they thought of the mixed messages U.S. President Donald Trump has been sending on what he thought of the events in Charlottesville, but Coteau said everyone has the responsibility to denounce hatred.
"I think any form of hate that exists, any form of overt racism that's out there publicly, it needs to be stopped and we need to speak against it," said Coteau, who is also the minister for children and youth services.
In its first brochure, Herzl Camp's aim was “to bring a child closer to Jewish life and the Jewish people… to prepare the child to absorb the content and values of modern Palestine… to enlist the child's interest and help in building of the Jewish national homeland.” In its first year, camp sessions were offered for children ages 12 and above. From the beginning, athletics, waterfront activities, recreation, music, dancing, cultural and creative events were all components of the Herzl experience. The site on Devil's Lake in Webster, Wisconsin had The Log Cabin Inn, ironically a “gentiles only” establishment, which became the home of Herzl Camp. The farmhouse was converted into a dining hall and kitchen. One of the larger fishing cabins became an activities building and a minimum of additional plumbing was added to make the site accessible to campers. 368 miles southeast of Hibbing almost as far as Madison, Wisconsin. "Once there was Judy And she said Hi to me When no one else Could take the Time...But she broke me Up When she didn't Write back and I died for a year - Seela And then there was Ione Who wore a Ring on her Left hand...my mind went Insane Every time I saw her - Seela Then there was Carol Who had tits Like headlights On a fire engine And a face like Helen ... she'd rape my feelings ... Then there was Barbara Her parents liked me And I liked them But I loved Barbara more...Then came another Judy She had a long ponytail And wanted Some day To be an Actress ... Now there's Judy again And my Circe starts Over ... I don't fit in any more I'm Lost And my trouble is I know it" Interesting that our hero, rebel rude boy, is the only one with a white shirt that does not conform to the camp rules...
