Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says President Trump has told his Turkish counterpart that the United States will no longer supply arms to Syrian Kurdish fighters.
Cavusoglu said Mr. Trump relayed his decision during a telephone conversation between the Turkish and U.S. leaders on Friday. Cavusoglu was present in Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's office during the telephone call.
Turkey considers the Kurdish Syrian fighters, known by the initials YPG, to be terrorists because of their affiliation to outlawed Kurdish rebels in Turkey. A U.S. decision to arm the fighters soured relations between the two NATO allies.
Cavusoglu said: "Mr. Trump clearly stated that he had given clear instructions and that the YPG won't be given arms and that this nonsense should have ended a long time ago."
The White House did not release a readout of the call for hours, and when it did, it did not specifically mention the Syrian Kurdish fighters.
"President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey," the readout said. "President Trump reaffirmed the strategic partnership between the United States and Turkey, particularly in combating terrorism in all its forms and fostering regional stability. On Syria, the two leaders discussed the importance of implementing United Nations Security Council Resolution 2254 and supporting the United Nations-led Geneva Process to peacefully resolve the civil war in that country. President Trump and President Erdoğan underscored the need to end the humanitarian crisis, allow displaced Syrians to return home, and ensure the stability of a unified Syria free of malign intervention and terrorist safe havens. Consistent with our previous policy, President Trump also informed President Erdoğan of pending adjustments to the military support provided to our partners on the ground in Syria, now that the battle of Raqqa is complete and we are progressing into a stabilization phase to ensure that ISIS cannot return. The leaders also discussed the purchase of military equipment from the United States."
Ahead of the call, Mr. Trump said he would be speaking with the Turkish leader about how to bring peace to the Middle East.
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 24, 2017
In the past, Mr. Trump has sent his senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner as an envoy to the Middle East for peace talks.
Mr. Trump is currently at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida, for the Thanksgiving holiday.
I've mentioned a few times in the past that Google's biggest competitor could be Amazon who — with the Kindle Fire — has been using the power of Android against Big G having stripped down the OS of it's Google essence, instead replacing core Google apps with equivalent services of their own. Now, there's a rumor floating around from sources up in the supply chain that Google is preparing to introduce a tablet to compete not with Apple's iPad but with the incredibly affordable Kindle Fire. These sources believe Google will launch its own branded tablet sometime in March/April with a 7-inch screen and running Android 4.0 priced at less than $200. I know, sounds a bit “out there” but Google needs to do something if they want to capture the Android tablet market share and no, the Kindle Fire doesn't count.
What do you guys think? Would a low-low priced 7-inch Ice Cream Sandwich tablet be a good idea?
[Via Digitimes]
Back in July of last year, Microsoft announced plans to release Zoo Tycoon Friends for Windows 8.1 and Windows Phone. In addition to being an Xbox title, the game looked to fit into the growing trend of simulation and management games for mobile. Later in October, the game finally launched after some limited testing and things were looking good for the game.
Jump ahead to early 2015, and it does not take much to find complaints in the Store about the title. Reviews are littered with the same grievances, which includes the backend servers essentially not working, rendering the game (and any purchases) useless.
Today, Microsoft is throwing in the towel. In an email sent to those who are playing the game, Microsoft Studios have announced that Zoo Tycoon Friends is shutting down on April 28, 2015. Microsoft says that the closure is part of their "ebb and flow" of portfolio management, but there is little doubt that the game's constant problems likely forced their hand.
Sunday on MSNBC, when asked about President Donald Trump saying “both sides” were responsible for violence in Charlottesville, VA, Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN) said the violence coming from those on the left was not comparable.
He explained that if Antifa “was there and did things, they were there because of the Nazis and Confederates.”
Cohen said, “I think it was clearly not on display with the president and in response to Charlottesville. The president is supposed to be a leader for American values. Naziism and the Confederate KKK successors and interests are not American values. They are for terrorism. They are for Holocaust type annihilation of people. They are for destruction and death. The president should unequivocally stand up to those type of groups, and he didn't do it. It was an unbelievable failing of moral leadership in our nation and one I don't think he has a psychic anchor, a moral base from which to operate.”
He continued, “He has not become president. He's continued to be Donald Trump in need of attention, Donald Trump in need of approval, Donald Trump looking at ratings. He's always in campaign mode. He's unlike any other president, I think, that's ever existed. He makes Richard Nixon look like a calm, sane individual.”
He added, “It was equivocated because it's tried to put the blame on both sides. Even if Antifa was there and did things, they were there because of the Nazis and confederates.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Help us empower young African innovators to identify local problems and devlop solutions for their communities. At Global Minimum we inspire African youth to design solutions and to become thought leaders and game-changers for thier countries and the world through our InChallenge and InLab programs.
Your donations support youth in Sierra Leone and Kenya to benifit from afterschool programs and holiday camps, where they participate in design-thinking sessions, leadership clinics, rigorous technical training and are provided seed funding to procure local materials, which they will use to develop and test their innovations in their local communities. All students receive international and local mentorship and are connected to more than 2,000 youth innovators around the world.
If you want to learn more about our program, check out our student stories on our official website and don't forget to follow us on Twitter, Facebook and Youtube!
[messaging] Opportunistic encryption and authentication methods
Rat Island rat-free after 229 years
Posted
Alaska's Rat Island is finally rat-free, 229 years after a Japanese shipwreck spilled rampaging rodents onto the remote Aleutian island, decimating the local bird population.
After dropping poison onto the island from helicopter-hoisted buckets for a week and a half last autumn, there are no signs of living rats and some birds have returned, according to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Rats have ruled the island since 1780, when they jumped off a sinking Japanese ship and terrorised all but the largest birds on the island.
The incident introduced the non-native Norway rat, also known as the brown rat, to Alaska.
The $US2.5 million Rat Island eradication project, a joint effort between the US Government, the Nature Conservancy and Island Conservation, is one of the world's most ambitious attempts to remove destructive alien species from an island.
Now there are signs that several species of birds, including Aleutian cackling geese, ptarmigan, peregrine falcons and black oystercatchers, are starting to nest again on the 26 square kilometre island.
Fish and Wildlife Service spokesman Bruce Woods says they will officially be able to declare the island rat-free after two years of monitoring.
"We don't know that there are not a couple of happy rats hiding away that are going to spring out and repopulate the island," he said.
- Reuters
Topics: animals, environment, environmental-management, offbeat, united-states
13 SHARES
Lake Superior public waters are giving off a foul odor – at least to a dog named Sable trained to detect human sewage.
Last week Sable picked up the smell of human waste near storm drains in several coastal parks in Michigan's Upper Peninsula; the Chippewa County public beaches consistently test high for bacteria.
The county health department brought in the canine to determine the source of contamination.
“Now comes the hard part,” said Christine Daley, supervisor of environmental health of the Chippewa County Health Department.
If storm drains are to blame, the department will work with municipalities and responsible parties to correct the problem.
Chippewa County is one of many Great Lakes communities looking to clean up public waters by identifying and treating problem storm drains, which flood in heavy rains and send dirty water into nearby lakes and rivers.
A recent Milwaukee study found that 90 percent of outfalls contained human sewage.
An organization in Traverse City, Mich. starts construction on several stormwater treatment projects next year.
And there's an effort to identify problem storm drains in Michigan.
The state is creating an inventory of sewers next to public beaches with funding from the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, said Shannon Briggs, a toxicologist with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality.
“If we can identify the source, then we should be able to fix it,” Briggs said.
It will take time to determine the extent of the problem, but it's common, she said. Communities built storm drains next to public beaches because they often owned that land and it was the only place to release stormwater.
DIRTY WATER
The Chippewa County beaches are some of the dirtiest in Michigan; they consistently test high for Escherichia coli – present in human feces.
“The counts are pretty alarming,” Daley said.
Two busy Lake Superior beaches – Brimley State Park and Sherman Park – both have neighboring storm drains, Daley said. But there are a number of things that contribute to contamination.
Once testing turned up high levels of bacteria, the next step was to figure out if it was human, she said. Last week the county brought in a dog that sniffs out human sewage and determines its source.
Sable picked up the scent of human sewage from storm drains at Brimley State Park and Four Mile Beach.
A Lake Michigan coastal community also used dogs to track human sewage in Traverse Bay, which typically turns up high levels of bacteria after heavy rains.
The Watershed Center in Traverse City identified several problem storm drain systems near Bryant Park and East Bay Park beaches.
Three storm drains threatened water quality near the village of Sutton Bay.
Storm drains and pubic beaches are a bad combination, said Sarah U'Ren, program director of the Watershed Center.
The center is moving forward with several projects that treat contamination in storm drains before it reaches the water. It has several options: smart sponges that filter out contaminants, constructed wetlands and bio-filtration systems.
“We hope to drastically reduce the amount of pollution entering the bay from stormwater,” U'Ren said.
But treatments are costly. The center has roughly $1 million in Great Lakes Restoration Funds to prevent overflows at Sutton Bay, $767,000 at East Bay Park and $240,000 at Bryant Park.
The system depends on the storm drain, U'Ren said. The East Bay and Bryant Projects will likely rely on “brick and concrete,” while there's more room for biological solutions at Sutton Bay.
“Some parks have more surface area to work with and other parks, if they have high use, don't want to see half the park taken up for a filtration system,” she said.
Construction starts in 2012.
“We hope to get the two beaches removed from the state's impaired waters list,” U'Ren said.
View GREAT LAKES ECHO: Storm Drains & Public Beaches in a full screen map
Thin-Film Solar Cell Efficiency Record Set By First Solar (Again)
August 7th, 2014 by Mridul Chadha
First Solar, the world's largest manufacturer of thin-film solar photovoltaic cells and modules, has bettered its record of producing the most efficient thin-film solar cell.
The US-based company recently announced that a cell manufactured at its Ohio manufacturing factory and research & development center achieved an efficiency of 21%, the highest on record by a non-concentrating cadmium-telluride (CdTe) cell.
The efficiency of the research cell, certified by Newport Corporation's Technology and Applications Center (TAC) PV Lab, is 3% more than a cell manufactured by First Solar in February 2014. The encouraging fact about the cell is that it has been constructed using processes and materials designed for commercial-scale manufacturing, thus making is possibly easier for First Solar to quickly switch to the cell's mass production.
The new cell's efficiency is now second only to a concentrating version of the CdTe cell in the thin-film solar cell domain. Within the non-concentrating segment, the second-highest efficiency was achieved by a Copper Indium Gallium Selenide (CIGS) cell at 20.9%. Solar Frontier made that cell earlier this year. First Solar has also gone a notch up on multi-crystalline silicon cells, whose efficiency peaked at 20.4% in 2004.
Also, as noted in a recent CleanTechnica exclusive, First Solar module efficiency doesn't drop as much in hot temperatures as crystalline silicon solar modules.
The company will now look to replicate its success in the production facilities. The average production module efficiency in Q2 2014 reached 14%, up 0.5% from Q1 2014 and up 0.7% from FY2013. First Solar has set a target to enhance research cell efficiency to 22% in 2015.
Steady improvement in cell efficiency is critical for First Solar's ability to sustain big sales and churn out profits. The recently announced second quarter financial results reveal that the company's net sales were $544 million, a massive decline of $406 million compared to the first quarter. The company is facing competition from cheap Chinese modules and anti-dumping duties in major solar power markets like India.
About This Game
GUILTY! THEY ARE ALL GUILTY!
let's do this!
features:
21 levels of confusion
a few billion randomly generated people to finger/murder
barking
loads of secret celebs to murder!
find yourself in the criminal data base!
buttons
sounds
menus
i mean really, you can see the guilt...i feel guilty just looking at them...can you point the finger at your fellow man?are you ready to finger yourself?can you do your job?trim your nails, put on your listening eyes and peer deeply into the skin folds of the usual suspects...will you become a true hero?or will the fleas become too much for you?either way, i think there is a future in this for us.is a "whodunit" hyperrealisic police sim where you must finger the guilty and clean up this darn city using the descriptions of the local busy bodies. but everyone's perspective is different: one man's fat is another man's sexy!will you put an end to all crime in america with the electric finger of the law?!answer -
Donald Trump claiming that Sen. Rand Paul is “weak on the military and Veterans.” He's met both men (both times in his US Army Dress Uniform) and each had very different reactions. We present it here without editing or comment. ) (Editor's Note - I received this from a good friend from CPAC - Sgt. Jonathan Lubecky, Ret., U.S. Army, who asked me to publish this. What follows is his response as a Veteran toHe's met both men (both times in his US Army Dress Uniform) and each had very different reactions. We present it here without editing or comment. )
On August 12th, Donald Trump wrote a Letter to the Editor of the Washington Post attacking Sen Rand Paul. Specifically, he stated that Sen Paul is “weak on the military…and the vets.” I am glad that Donald Trump has set up a hotline and an email address for Veterans to share their stories, however, Sen. Paul has actually met with Veterans regularly to not only discuss the problems they are facing, but what solutions they have to fix the problems.
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE
Here is Sgt. Lubecky actually standing with Rand. (From Sgt. Lubecky's Facebook Page)
EDITOR'S NOTE: Jonathan Lubecky is retired from the US Army. Use of his military rank, and photographs in uniform does not imply endorsement by the Department of the Army or the Department of Defense. In fact, Sgt. Lubecky didn't even know we took this photo from his public Facebook page!
I recall meeting Mr. Trump at The Citadel in South Carolina. I specifically wanted to talk with him for only a few minutes about Veterans issues. I was in Uniform. I did get a picture, and was then shuttled away. He could have cared less.
Compare this with the first time I met Sen Rand Paul, also at the Citadel, also in uniform. I had been released from the VA Hospital two days prior and still had the bandages on my wrist from a suicide attempt due to the VA mis-managing my medication. After Sen. Rand Paul gave his speech I waited in line to speak with him, again about problems facing Veterans. Sen. Paul noticed my bandages and asked what had happened. I told him. He then postponed a press conference for 20 minutes and walked me behind a curtain with his staffer to talk with me. He said to me, "Forget I am a Senator, I am also a doctor." He was concerned not only as a Senator and Doctor, but as a human being about what had happened, and what caused my attempt.
Before leaving, I gave him an idea for legislation to help Veterans. Two weeks later, he introduced my idea to the Senate as an amendment to the 2014 National Defense Authorization Act. Sen. Paul also had his staffer give me his personal cell number for me to call if I ever needed anything, or felt the way I did before I was hospitalized.
It's easy to claim to stand for Veterans, to donate money when you have billions. It takes a different kind of person to put off press conferences, and to take action on behalf of Veterans and the Military. Sen. Rand Paul has introduced legislation and fought for Veterans. He has actually treated untold numbers of Veterans as a Doctor. He helped this old Sergeant when he didn't have to.
To call Sen Rand Paul “weak” in reference to the troops, or Veterans shows how little Donald Trump knows, or cares about Veterans, other than using them to aggrandize himself. As for beating Sen Rand Paul in a round of golf, we all have skills, one of Mr Trump's is apparently golf. I hear President Obama is also pretty good at golf, which has no bearing on his ability, or Mr. Trump's to lead this great country.
My skill is marksmanship, I challenge Donald Trump to a shooting match, any range, anytime. I win, he publicly apologizes to Sen. Rand Paul for calling him weak on the Military and Veterans, he can tell me what he wants if he should win.
I have stood for freedom my entire adult life, 12 years in uniform, 12 months in Combat, and now I stand with Rand.
About Gene Berardelli To learn more about the author, check out the "About Us" page. Behind Enemy Lines Radio is a national Award-Winning radio show / podcast broadcasting live out of the belly of the Democratic beast - "The People's Republic of" New York City that airs on multiple radio stations as part of the Talk America Radio Network. It is also an "Insider" column on Newsmax featuring show hosts Gene Berardelli and Russell Gallo. The show is also available on multiple networks across the internet, with more being added regularly.
“It can't solve the affordable housing crisis facing our most desirable cities, nor will it fix bridges in need of repair,” the authors write. “It can't build high-speed rail lines, and it won't resolve the looming public sector pension crisis found in so many North American cities.”
Now the movement has its own glossy print book, Tactical Urbanism: Short-Term Action for Long-Term Change , just out from Island Press. Co-authored by Mike Lydon and Anthony Garcia, who are partners in a firm called the Street Plans Collaborative, the book is a how-to guide that explains what tactical urbanism is and how it can create positive change in cities of any size. The book also acknowledges what tactical urbanism isn't: namely, a solution to every problem.
Many of those nimble urban-improvement techniques, which often originated in the activist community, have since gone mainstream. Cities such as San Francisco and Philadelphia, for instance, have been rapidly installing parklets where parking spaces used to go, a practice that originated with an annual grassroots action called Park(ing) Day.
The phrase “tactical urbanism” came into use just a few short years ago, coined by a group of young planners and activists and popularized by an online guide to phenomena such as guerrilla wayfinding , pop-up markets, and DIY traffic-calming.
What tactical urbanism can do, says Lydon, is loosened up the planning process and increase the flow of communication between citizens and government. “It's about creating a different kind of process and bringing new ideas to people in a way that's less threatening,” he says. “How do we expand the dialogue over the course of one week or one month?”
Tactical urbanism projects can also scale up, says Lydon, without losing their connection to the neighborhoods that spawned them—a connection that is a vital condition of long-term success.
The book includes five case studies of successful tactical urbanism projects from around North America. One of these happened in Hamilton, Ontario, where community members concerned about traffic safety brought Street Plans to town to lead a tactical urbanism workshop. After discussing their options and their budget, the community members did a nighttime installation of traffic cones as part of a DIY “intersection repair” at a corner where they thought traffic posed a threat to pedestrians, especially children.
A willingness to fail, in fact, is a central tenet of the philosophy.
The move, which created more space for people crossing the intersection on foot, led to immediate pushback from the city, which deemed the changes “illegal, potentially unsafe and adding to the City's cost of maintenance and repair.” But then something funny happened: when a local community organization stepped forward to take responsibility for the action, the city listened to what its members had to say. Before long, Hamilton officials made the changes permanent, part of a sanctioned pilot program that has subsequently made similar modifications to more than 70 intersections around the city.
Of course, not all tactical urbanist efforts have such happy endings. A willingness to fail, in fact, is a central tenet of the philosophy. And because so many of the measures that fall under the tactical urbanism umbrella are relatively cheap and easily reversed, failure is not a catastrophe, but rather a chance to learn. That kind of flexibility is crucial, Lydon says, in urban environments that are constantly changing. While tactical urbanism can't replace old-fashioned large-scale planning, he says, it can inform a city's broader approach to its citizens and its infrastructure.
“The field of planning is always about the solution—we're going to solve this and the're going to walk away and it's going to be fine,” says Lydon. “But you need an overall process that's going to respond to the fact that cities are dynamic. You need a process that recognizes it has to be responsive to the set of conditions that are present in that moment. What works now in a neighborhood might not work five years from now. It has to be fluid.”
Emissions from diesel cars rigged to appear eco-friendly may be responsible for 5,000 air pollution deaths per year in Europe alone, according to a new study
ADVERTISING Read more
Paris (AFP)
Emissions from diesel cars rigged to appear eco-friendly may be responsible for 5,000 air pollution deaths per year in Europe alone, according to a study published on Monday.
The numbers are in line with previous assessments of deaths due to the so-called "Dieselgate" scandal, which erupted when carmaker Volkswagen admitted in 2015 to cheating on vehicle emissions tests.
Many other carmakers have since fallen under suspicion.
In May this year, a study in the journal Nature said "excess" emissions from diesel vehicles exceeding certification limits were associated with about 38,000 "premature" deaths globally in 2015.
The new study, published in the journal Environmental Research Letters, focuses on the perils for Europe.
The researchers from Norway, Austria, Sweden and the Netherlands calculated that about 10,000 deaths in Europe per year can be attributed to small particle pollution from light duty diesel vehicles (LDDVs).
Almost half of these would have been avoided if emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOx) from diesel cars on the road had matched levels measured in the lab.
Volkswagen admitted installing illegal software devices in cars that reduced emissions only for the duration of tests.
If diesel cars emitted as little NOx as petrol ones, almost 4,000 of the 5,000 premature deaths would have been avoided, said the authors.
The countries with the heaviest burden are Italy, Germany, and France, the team added, "resulting from their large populations and high share of diesel cars in their national fleets."
Touted as less polluting, the share of diesel cars in Europe rose fast compared to petrol since the 1990s, and now comprise about half the fleet.
There are more than 100 million diesel cars in Europe today, twice as many as in the rest of the world together, said the study authors.
Diesel engines emit less planet-warming carbon dioxide than petrol ones, but significantly more NOx.
Road transport, said the study authors, contributed about 40 percent of NOx emissions in the countries of the European Union plus Norway and Switzerland.
Composed of nitric oxide and nitrogen dioxide, NOx gases contribute to acid rain and suffocating smog.
Through long-term exposure, they can cause breathing problems, eye irritation, loss of appetite, corroded teeth, headaches, and chronically reduced lung function.
"Excessive premature deaths will continue into the future until LDDVs with high on-road NOx emissions have been replaced," said the study authors.
Earlier this month, tougher emissions tests came into force in Europe.
© 2017 AFP
Since the 1990s the Discovery Institute, a conservative think-tank, has tried to make it easier to teach intelligent design in public schools. They have had some successes, and one big setback: in 2005, the Institute and its allies lost Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District, a landmark case that ruled it unconstitutional to teach intelligent design (ID) in public classrooms.
The Discovery Institute denies that the decade since Kitzmiller has been disappointing for them. Still, while the past ten years have seen some success for the intelligent design movement, it has not become the culture-sweeping campaign that some of its founders envisioned.
A recent law review article by legal scholar Casey Luskin, though, outlines a new position that might help bring intelligent design into the classroom—or at least back into the courts. Luskin's strategy capitalizes on one of the thornier claims in the Kitzmiller decision, and it demonstrates how rhetoric used by New Atheists can sometimes backfire, actually making it easier to challenge evolution-only curricula in courts.
Luskin, until recently a staffer at the Discovery Institute, argues that a key, decades-old legal test has been applied inconsistently. Weakening the test, or throwing out the way it has been applied to ID, could reopen the legal question of teaching ID in public school classrooms.
To make sense of this, one needs to begin with the fallout from the Kitzmiller trial. In 2004, members of the Dover, Pennsylvania school board passed a requirement that students in biology classes hear a short statement informing them that “intelligent design is an explanation of the origin of life that differs from Darwin's view.” Parents of some students sued on the grounds that this requirement constituted the endorsement of a religious viewpoint. In 2005 Judge John E. Jones III found in the plaintiffs' favor, declaring that “ID is not science.”
The standard for determining whether a law or policy violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment comes from the 1971 Supreme Court ruling in Lemon v. Kurtzman. The so-called Lemon test has three prongs. A state action must satisfy all three of them in order to be considered constitutional. It must (with my emphases added):
“Have a secular legislative purpose” Not advance or inhibit religion as its “principle or primary effect” Not result in an “‘excessive government entanglement' with religious affairs”
Under the Lemon test, the Dover school board didn't have much of a defense, because the board members' religious motives were pretty transparent. As Jones outlines in his opinion, “members of the [Dover School] Board spoke openly in favor of teaching creationism and disparaging the theory of evolution on religious grounds.”
As a result, Judge Jones could have just said Come on, the school board's motives are obviously religious, and left it at that. But such a narrow ruling would have left the questions of constitutionality of teaching ID to another case.
Since the 1925 Scopes trial, there's been a consistent pattern of “evolution trials” moving well beyond specific local issues to debate broader questions about religion and science. Jones followed that pattern. Instead of just ruling on the specifics of the situation in Dover, Jones went ahead and wrote an opinion about the very nature and constitutional status of ID. In doing so, he drew upon the second prong of the Lemon test, as well as the first: he said that the school board was motivated by religion (prong 1) and that teaching ID at all had the effect of advancing religion (prong 2).
In part, this was based on his judgement that the underlying theory of ID—which relies upon intelligence beyond the scrutiny of natural laws—was religious. But Jones also ruled that teaching ID had a religious effect because a “reasonable, objective observer” aware of the origins of antievolution laws would know that teaching ID was promoting religion.
This appeal to history is a prominent part of Kitzmiller, and it provides the set up for Luskin's article. Jones ruled that there were direct historical connections between ID and the fundamentalist antievolutionism of the 1920s, as well as the advocacy of creation science in the mid/late-twentieth century. Because of the long history of antievolutionism (previous versions of which had already been judged by courts to be religious), Dover students and other observers would reasonably understand a statement promoting ID as an endorsement of religion.
In the creation science trials of the 1980s, the courts drew upon the expert testimony of philosophers to try to draw a demarcation between science and religion, which met with some criticism among philosophers of science. In Kitzmiller, too, there were some philosophical arguments about whether ID could really count as a science given its appeal to causes outside natural law. Drawing on the history did not so much sidestep the philosophical debates as much as link ID to antievolutionary theories previously ruled religious by the courts.
But invoking history opens up new debates, which is where Luskin comes in.
It's not just ID and antievolution that has historically found itself entangled with religious advocacy. According to Luskin, evolution's history is also rife with supporters making religious or irreligious claims. When a New Atheist figurehead like Richard Dawkins claims that Darwin made it possible to be “an intellectually fulfilled atheist,” he substantiates the claim that evolution itself is not neutral when it comes to promoting or inhibiting religion. As Luskin argues, “If the public is aware of the close historical association between the advocacy of evolution and anti-religious activism, then the teaching of evolution may make religious Americans feel like political outsiders.”
Luskin draws on examples ranging from the Flying Spaghetti Monster to standard-but-oversimplified claims that Charles Darwin opposed natural theology to argue that evolution is hostile to religious views. Luskin concludes that the standard applied to ID in Kitzmiller, in which the court used public understanding of its historical origins to rule against it, could also force a court to determine that teaching evolution is itself not religiously neutral.
Luskin is right that there is a history of anti-religious invocation of evolution, but there's also a long history of attempts to reconcile evolution and traditional religion, going back to Darwin himself.* There are even examples of theologians who go beyond reconciliation, arguing that evolution is a stronger basis for believing in God than special creation. Luskin's article neglects this history and suggests that atheism is as intrinsic to evolution as belief in a supernatural creator is built into ID.
The idea that Darwinism leads one to atheism informs much of the so-called “conflict” of science and religion. The conflict view of this history is popular, but the facts are simply not on its side. Nonetheless it serves as a point of consensus used by both extremes to attack a range of interpretations.
In ignoring or disparaging the diversity of evolution-religion history, the so-called New Atheists are enabling precisely the argument that Luskin is making. In buying into this framework, some of ID's most vocal critics make it easier for Luskin to make the case that an outside observer would think that teaching evolution promotes atheism. By analogy to Kitzmiller's logic, for Luskin this would mean that it violates the Establishment Clause.
I asked attorney Eric Rothschild, who served as lead counsel for the plaintiffs in Kitzmiller, what he thought of Luskin's argument. According to Rothschild, Luskin's “evidentiary position has a false equivalence” because ID's “entire scientific project is demonstrating the presence of a supernatural or divine actor intervening in the development of biological life.” One of the most damning facts that came to light in the Kitzmiller case was the discovery that the ID reference book the Dover board recommended had originally been written to teach “creation science” and that in many cases the phrase “creation science” was simply replaced with “intelligent design.”
It's unlikely anyone will run back to court in the near term with Luskin's argument. In the years since Kitzmiller, the political and legal strategy has changed for ID. The Discovery Institute has focused less on explicitly promoting ID in schools, instead advocating for “academic freedom” laws that would protect teachers and students who personally want to explore ID or other evolution “alternatives.” Both Tennessee and Louisiana have passed such laws in recent years, and neither law has been challenged in court.
Because the ID-promoting Dover, PA school board was replaced by the time the ruling was issued, Jones's verdict was never appealed to a higher court. But if there is a next generation evolution trial, it will probably have to address Kitzmiller's finding that teaching ID fails multiple prongs of the Lemon test.
Luskin's article doesn't refute the whole of Kitzmiller's findings, but it lays out an argument against one important part of that ruling: the claim that antievolution's religious history poisons its efforts to promote alternatives to accepted science. Luskin's own account of the history of evolution may be selective and self-serving, but it could easily be used to convince a school board that the inherent atheism of evolution needs to be balanced by the inclusion of intelligent design.
Given the proliferation of new legislation regarding how science is taught, it's entirely possible that Luskin's argument may find itself incorporated into some future legal brief. In that light, it's perhaps even more notable that legal scholar and Discovery Institute Senior Fellow David DeWolf has just announced his candidacy for Washington State's Supreme Court.
*This post originally stated “Luskin argues not just that atheists have found evolution to be useful, but that evolution in itself is inherently anti-religious.” While Luskin does argue that many Americans have grounds to associate evolution with “anti-religious activities and rhetoric,” he does not state that evolution is inherently anti-religious. Instead, he writes that he is not “arguing that acceptance of neo-Darwinian theory mandates belief in atheism or abandonment of traditional theism.” We regret the error.
-The Eds.
Also on The Cubit: The shared assumptions behind creationism and anti-GMO activism in Europe
Follow The Cubit, RD‘s religion-and-science portal, @TheCubit.
Road fatalities in New Hampshire spiked in 2013, hitting the highest level in five years and leading lawmakers to introduce proposals to dramatically expand laws penalizing distracted driving.
Authorities say 133 people died in 122 accidents on the state's roadways in 2013. The last fatal accident of the year, on New Year's Eve, claimed the life of 17-year-old Kyle Ross, of Derry.
Lt. Matt Shapiro, commander of state police special services units, said fatalities for 2013 are up 20 percent over 2012, but the causes behind highway deaths remain the same _ drug or alcohol impaired driving, distracted driving, speed and failure to use seatbelts.
Shapiro estimates 28 percent of fatal crashes over the past six years stem from distracted driving, but he wasn't able to tell lawmakers at a hearing Tuesday how many accidents involved hand-held devices.
“People don't admit to this conduct,” Shapiro said. “Virtually nobody says, `I was on the phone.”‘
Over the past decade, 70 percent or more of New Hampshire crash fatalities involve people who aren't wearing seatbelts, Shapiro said.
“Impaired driving is the cause of at least a third of all fatal crashes,” Shapiro said.
He said texting while driving is an increasing problem but isn't the only distraction involving hand-held electronic devices. Tapping in passwords to unlock screens, manipulating GPS systems and other conduct can be equally distracting. He supports proposed legislation to further limit cellphone use while driving and prohibit it altogether for drivers younger than 18.
Shapiro spoke at a recent legislative hearing on three bills that would penalize drivers for using electronic devices, but they differ widely in their scope.
One bill would ban hand-held cellphone use while driving while another would prohibit cellphone use by school bus, taxi and livery drivers. A third more comprehensive bill bans all electronic devices and other forms of distracted driving – including applying makeup and reading newspapers.
“A car is a lethal weapon,” said Rep. Laura Pantelakos, D-Portsmouth, chairwoman of the Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee and sponsor of the bill that would ban a litany of distractions.
State law currently bans texting while driving but doesn't prohibit reading text messages, programming GPS systems or surfing the Internet.
Shapiro said drivers tend to text using one hand below the sight line of a police officer.
“The current law is insufficient and many times unenforceable,” Shapiro said.
Shapiro expressed frustration that, despite enforcement and education measures, two of the first stops of the new year on a short stretch of highway in Hampton Falls involved a car full of underage drinkers and a driver clocked at 116 mph.
Fatalities in 2013 are the highest since 2008, when 138 people died as a result of motor vehicle accidents on public roadways.
Eighteen people have died in New Hampshire accidents since Thanksgiving week, including a Vermont couple killed after a truck driven by a man police say was suicidal went airborne and sheared off the top of their SUV.
Former Fortune 500 executive Robert Dellinger of Sunapee is charged with two counts of second-degree murder in the Dec. 7 deaths of Jason Timmons and Amanda Murphy, who was eight months pregnant. Dellinger is being held without bond, but his lawyer said he plans to plead not guilty.
In one of the last fatal accidents of 2013, police say a Mont Vernon man was texting while driving when he struck and killed former Amherst fire chief John Bachman, who was getting his mail.
Prosecutors say 20-year-old Travis Hobbs told them he was texting and thought he had hit a snowbank. He came forward after seeing media reports about the crash.
“We know people are being seriously injured or killed,” Howard Hedegard of the New Hampshire Traffic Safety Institute told lawmakers. “Many people will only change their behavior when there's a law that tells them to.”
Copyright 2019 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image caption Ms Figueres is shown here addressing delegates at the last major meeting of negotiators at Doha in 2012
The head of the UN body tasked with delivering a global climate treaty broke down in tears at a meeting in London as she spoke about the impact of global warming on coming generations.
Christiana Figueres told the BBC that the lack of an agreement was "condemning future generations before they are even born".
Ms Figueres said this was "completely unfair and immoral".
Despite the slow pace of negotiations, she said a deal can be done by 2015.
We have a choice to change the future we are going to give our children Christiana Figueres, UNFCCC Executive Secretary
Costa Rica-born Christiana Figueres has been the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) for the last three years.
Steadying the ship
Taking over after the failure of the talks process in Copenhagen in 2009, Ms Figueres has carefully steered the parties forward.
Delegates agreed in Durban in 2011 that a new global deal must be signed by 2015 and come into force from 2020.
But Ms Figueres' passionate approach to progress has been tested by the slow, tortuous UN process, where consensus is the only way forward.
"I am always frustrated by the pace of the negotiations, I was born impatient. We are moving way, way too slowly, but we are moving in the right direction and that's what gives me courage and hope," she said.
Speaking to the BBC on the sidelines of a climate conference at Chatham House in London, Ms Figueres became tearful when she reflected on the impact that climate change might have on coming generations.
"I'm committed to climate change because of future generations, it is not about us, right? We're out of here," she said.
"I just feel that it is so completely unfair and immoral what we are doing to future generations, we are condemning them before they are even born."
"We have a choice about it, that's the point, we have a choice. If it were inevitable then so be it, but we have a choice to change the future we are going to give our children."
Text on the table
She said that she was hopeful an agreement could be signed in Paris in 2015 but if that was going to happen, then significant progress had to be made in the next 12 months.
There would need to be the draft text of an agreement when the parties meet in Peru in 2014.
She said she was determined to avoid the mistakes that were made in the run up to Copenhagen in 2009, when expectations of a far reaching global compact faltered.
"We are not going to have another Copenhagen - the leaders of the world are not just being brought in at the last minute, to face 300 pages of text that is completely impossible to digest.
Next year would see a special climate summit of world leaders called by UN secretary general Ban Ki-Moon. Ms Figueres is hopeful that this will clear the road ahead of the Paris meeting in 2015.
"It is not going to be in Paris, going into all the technical details of how to build the agreement which is what we had in Copenhagen. The structure and logic of an agreement need to be in place.
"This is way too complex and way too challenging to wait until the last minute in 2015."
This year's Conference of the Parties to the UNFCCC will take place next month in Poland.
Chasing pirates
Some environmental campaigners are concerned that because of the country's heavy dependence on coal, it is less committed to strong action on climate change.
Critics took issue with comments on an official website for the conference that suggested there were many positives to the unprecedented melting of Arctic ice, including the opportunity to chase "pirates, terrorists and ecologists".
But Ms Figueres dismissed concerns about the meeting.
"They have shown themselves to be very committed to this process, the COP president (Polish environment minister Marcin Korolec) has put in an extraordinary amount of time into learning and making himself familiar with the endless intricacies of this issue," she said.
Follow Matt on Twitter.
Photo by Matamoros and Matamoros | The State Press (Illustration)
By Rebecca Lydford | 11/11/15 3:15am
I grew up knowing I was a bit different. No other kids were walking door-to-door collecting money for UNICEF. It was I alone who cried in the bathroom after watching the test explosion of the first atomic bomb in class. No one else seemed as keen to research facts about the global lack of water availability. In short, I cared.
But it wasn't all roses. Applied to different situations, my care took on the negative connotation of being overly sensitive.
I quickly realized that my strong emotions were seen as undesirable and often considered a sign of weakness. For instance, in our workforce, emotional labor is at large not factored into the payroll. Being in tune with one's emotions is largely undervalued in our material society. Nonetheless it offers strengths and there are ways to harness its powers while diminishing adverse side effects.
There are indeed benefits to having intense emotions. It often couples with a good intuition and social acuity, which surprisingly go hand in hand. These often lead to inexplicable talents, such as knowing how to be in the right place at the right time and understanding how to persuade others to side with your perspective.
What may seem like magic or grand coincidence can actually often be attributed to an unconscious understanding of social structures and patterns (to learn more check out "SuperSense," by Bruce Hood). For me, I have found I have an uncanny knack for predicting the next fashion trends, which have actually been proven to take on a pattern. Talents such as this are hard to identify, but have unseen perks.
Besides this, being someone with vast emotions can help you read others' emotions. This helps with social interactions as a whole and maintaining an awareness of how you affect others. When you are the only one who recognizes when a person around you seems off, you become an indispensable player in helping them out and making them feel cared for.
Emotional intelligence and emotional regulation are real areas of study in psychology. Just as there are advantages to strong emotions, there are drawbacks that require maintenance. For these I have compiled a list of how to deal with being an emotion-driven person.
1. Being an “empath” often leads to absorbing others emotions
If this is the case for you, it is good to use mental tools to remain caring, but block the emotions from negatively affecting you. Labeling what the person is feeling, building a wall of positivity, turn empathy into compassion and avoid negative surroundings are all effective ways of achieving this balance.
2. Shame of crying
It feels weird to cry more than the average person, but what may be unnatural for others can be perfectly natural for you. Crying is a form of healing. Not to mention, feeling guilty about having emotions will only further fuel negative emotions. Don't be afraid to cry. In most cases, it is best to just let it out and move on.
3. Find a release
For me, writing calms my emotions and helps me to release them in an effective, harmless way. For others, it may be a physical activity such as running or meditating. For Hot Rod, it was rage dancing in the woods. Find your release.
4. Build a life philosophy
In Ralph Waldo Emerson's "Spiritual Laws," he states, “A few strong instincts and a few plain rules suffice us.” Building a strong belief system or a code of conduct for oneself can help immensely. Recently, I have had to remind myself to adhere to my duty and what I know to be the right course of action, even when my emotions say otherwise. It is good to find a balance of rationality and intuition.
5. Talk it out
Finding a trustworthy and rational friend to talk with will help to process and release emotional turmoil. So often, we are naïve to the different perspectives or possibilities surrounding a situation we perceive. Creating dialogue can aid in exploring different ideas and expanding overall understanding of the situation, outside of one's internal emotions.
Most importantly, just as strong emotional knowledge helps understand other's emotions, it can paradoxically blind us from others emotions when our emotions toward a situation run very strong. We must persevere to balance out our emotions enough to rationalize and utilize our emotions effectively to their highest potential. Emotion is simply energy in motion.
Related Links:
The sneaky sabotage of emotional cheating
The dangers behind emotional abuse
Reach the columnist at ralydfor@asu.edu or follow @ralydford on Twitter.
Editor's note: The opinions presented in this column are the author's and do not imply any endorsement from The State Press or its editors.
Want to join the conversation? Send an email to opiniondesk.statepress@gmail.com. Keep letters under 300 words and be sure to include your university affiliation. Anonymity will not be granted.
Like The State Press on Facebook and follow @statepress on Twitter.
Related Stories
​Wolfsburg's Ivan Perisic is set to make it clear to his club that he wants to leave for Inter Milan.
Roberto Mancini's men have been linked with the Croatian throughout the summer, but with the transfer window coming to a close in the next few days Perisic is becoming anxious that he won't get his move to Italy.
As such, according to Italian sports daily ​Gazzetta Dello Sport he is ready to make his desire to move crystal clear by refusing to play any part in Wolfsburg's clash against Schalke on Friday.
Inter general director Marco Fassone and sporting director Piero Ausilio were in meetings for the duration of Wednesday to try and thrash out a deal for the player, who scored on the opening day of the Bundesliga season against Eintracht Frankfurt.
Wolfsburg wants to keep hold of the 25-year-old but he has refused to sign a new deal and if he opts out of playing against Schalke, then he may force his club's hand.
Inter are believed to be willing to offer €8 million for an initial loan deal, before purchasing him outright for €10 million next summer.
Inter are believed to be readying a 5-year-contract for him, and international teammate Marcelo Brozovic believes that he could be a huge asset to the Nerazzurri.
“I hope that Perisic does join,” he told ​Sportske Novosti. “To achieve our goals, we do need to sign more players and one of those could be a winger.”
Mancini is also thought to still be keen on bringing PSG's Ezequiel Lavezzi back to Serie A, where he played for Napoli between the years 2007-2012.
The Ligue 1 champions are believed to have lowered their demand of €7 million for the player who rejected mega money from an MLS side earlier in the summer. Even so, his wage demands are thought to be an issue for Inter and are a potential stumbling block to any deal.
​​
The Ages of Man are the stages of human existence on the Earth according to Greek mythology and its subsequent Roman interpretation.
Both Hesiod and Ovid offered accounts of the successive ages of humanity, which tend to progress from an original, long-gone age in which humans enjoyed a nearly divine existence to the current age of the writer, in which humans are beset by innumerable pains and evils. In the two accounts that survive from ancient Greece and Rome, this degradation of the human condition over time is indicated symbolically with metals of successively decreasing value.
Hesiod's Five Ages [ edit ]
The Silver Age Lucas Cranach the Elder,
The first extant account of the successive ages of humanity comes from the Greek poet Hesiod (between 750 and 650 BC), in his poem Works and Days (lines 109–201). His list is:
Golden Age – The Golden Age is the only age that falls within the rule of Cronus. Created by the immortals who live on Olympus, these humans were said to live among the gods, and freely mingled with them. Peace and harmony prevailed during this age. Humans did not have to work to feed themselves, for the earth provided food in abundance. They lived to a very old age but with a youthful appearance and eventually died peacefully. Their spirits live on as "guardians". Plato in Cratylus (397e) recounts the golden race of men who came first. He clarifies that Hesiod did not mean men literally made of gold, but good and noble. He describes these men as daemons upon the earth. Since δαίμονες ( daimones ) is derived from δαήμονες ( daēmones , meaning knowing or wise), they are beneficent, preventing ills, and guardians of mortals.
– The Golden Age is the only age that falls within the rule of Cronus. Created by the immortals who live on Olympus, these humans were said to live among the gods, and freely mingled with them. Peace and harmony prevailed during this age. Humans did not have to work to feed themselves, for the earth provided food in abundance. They lived to a very old age but with a youthful appearance and eventually died peacefully. Their spirits live on as "guardians". Plato in Cratylus (397e) recounts the golden race of men who came first. He clarifies that Hesiod did not mean men literally made of gold, but good and noble. He describes these men as daemons upon the earth. Since δαίμονες ( ) is derived from δαήμονες ( , meaning knowing or wise), they are beneficent, preventing ills, and guardians of mortals. Silver Age – The Silver Age and every age that follows fall within the rule of Cronus's successor and son, Zeus. Men in the Silver age lived for one hundred years under the dominion of their mothers. They lived only a short time as grown adults, and spent that time in strife with one another. During this Age men refused to worship the gods and Zeus destroyed them for their impiety. After death, humans of this age became "blessed spirits" of the underworld.
– The Silver Age and every age that follows fall within the rule of Cronus's successor and son, Zeus. Men in the Silver age lived for one hundred years under the dominion of their mothers. They lived only a short time as grown adults, and spent that time in strife with one another. During this Age men refused to worship the gods and Zeus destroyed them for their impiety. After death, humans of this age became "blessed spirits" of the underworld. Bronze Age – Men of the Bronze Age were hardened and tough, as war was their purpose and passion. Zeus created these humans out of the ash tree. Their armor was forged of bronze, as were their homes, and tools. The men of this Age were undone by their own violent ways and left no named spirits; instead, they dwell in the "dank house of Hades". This Age came to an end with the flood of Deucalion.
– Men of the Bronze Age were hardened and tough, as war was their purpose and passion. Zeus created these humans out of the ash tree. Their armor was forged of bronze, as were their homes, and tools. The men of this Age were undone by their own violent ways and left no named spirits; instead, they dwell in the "dank house of Hades". This Age came to an end with the flood of Deucalion. Heroic Age – The Heroic Age is the one age that does not correspond with any metal. It is also the only age that improves upon the age it follows. It was the heroes of this Age who fought at Thebes and Troy. This race of humans died and went to Elysium.
– The Heroic Age is the one age that does not correspond with any metal. It is also the only age that improves upon the age it follows. It was the heroes of this Age who fought at Thebes and Troy. This race of humans died and went to Elysium. Iron Age – Hesiod finds himself in the Iron Age. During this age humans live an existence of toil and misery. Children dishonor their parents, brother fights with brother and the social contract between guest and host (xenia) is forgotten. During this age might make right, and bad men use lies to be thought good. At the height of this age, humans no longer feel shame or indignation at wrongdoing; babies will be born with gray hair and the gods will have completely forsaken humanity: "there will be no help against evil."
Ovid's Four Ages [ edit ]
The Roman poet Ovid (1st century BC – 1st century AD) tells a similar myth of Four Ages in Book 1.89–150 of the Metamorphoses. His account is similar to Hesiod's, with the exception that he omits the Heroic Age. Ovid emphasizes the justice and peace that defined the Golden Age. He adds that in this age, men did not yet know the art of navigation and therefore did not explore the larger world, no man had knowledge of any arts but pre agriculture. In the Silver Age, Jupiter introduces the seasons and men consequentially learn the art of agriculture and architecture. In the Bronze Age, Ovid writes, men were prone to warfare, but not impiety. Finally, in the Iron Age, men demarcate nations with boundaries; they learn the arts of navigation and mining; they are warlike, greedy and impious. Truth, modesty and loyalty are nowhere to be found.
Related usage [ edit ]
These mythological ages are sometimes associated with historical timelines. In the chronology of Saint Jerome, the Golden Age lasts c. 1710 to 1674 BC, the Silver Age 1674 to 1628 BC, the Bronze Age 1628 to 1472 BC, the Heroic Age 1460 to 1103 BC, while Hesiod's Iron Age was considered as still ongoing by Saint Jerome in the 4th century AD.[1]
See also [ edit ]
Similar concepts include:
On February 22, 2014 by Alien invasion
If you care about human freedom and sovereignty, please take a minute and sign this petition against the alien invasion of this world. Your voice maters!
“Never assume that technological advancement leads to spiritual awareness , for in most cases, it goes in the opposite direction.”
Technology is the world's fastest growing religion. Our new Gods are designed in Silicon Valley, manufactured in China and consumed globally. Humanity has never been so prosperous. We've also never been so close to walking off the edge of a cliff. An alien invasion is threatening our freedom and sovereignty. Can we innovate ourselves out of this mess? Where will you place your faith?
The Allies of Humanity and the New Message reveal that technology is ubiquitous. Competing alien societies eventually reach a state of technological parity. Technology has its limits. Confined by the physical laws of the universe, there is only so much one can do. Power in the mental environment is the real prize. The mind is a bridge between the physical and the spiritual. Its incredible power is recognized by advancing alien civilizations. It is the real arena of competition.
So, will technology save us? It will have a role to play, but it is not sufficient. Any technically advanced civilization can easily be dominated by a species well versed in the mental environment. Humanity will have to develop greater mental abilities to guard its freedom.
The following true story aptly illustrates this point. Taken from the book Wisdom from the Greater Community, it describes what happened to a civilization that prized technology without cultivating abilities in the mental environment. They failed to anticipate the predatory intent of their neighbor. Humanity must not make the same mistake.
DC Comics' The Button storyline is being closely watched by comics fans — and well-promoted by the company. The four-part crossover between Batman and The Flash is teasing itself as the next step in the slow arc of DC's Rebirth storyline, which promises to reveal Doctor Manhattan — and possibly other Watchmen characters — as the secret architects of the destiny of the entire main DC Universe.
It makes sense that a comic event of that magnitude would have some fancy covers, and The Button does, with a set of variant covers for each issue and lenticular versions of the main covers. But the first two issues of the crossover, Batman #21 and The Flash #21, each have an extra “international edition variant cover” available only outside of the United States.
Why? Because the main covers of Batman #21 and The Flash #21 can't be printed in many countries outside the United States. Can you guess why? It's a reason that may impact many of DC's Watchmen-related titles going forward.
The answer is something that Americans can safely take for granted, because in the United States a yellow circle with a stylized smiling face is a public domain image. Outside of the U.S., the Smiley Company owns the trademark on the symbol in 100 countries.
Founded in 1972 by Franklin Loufrani, the first person to legally trademark the “smiley face,” the Smiley Company has since grown in to a multinational corporation. The Company attempted to secure the U.S. trademark in the late ‘90s and ran up against another financial juggernaut, Wal-Mart — which was in the middle of its “Rolling Back Prices” add campaign, which heavily featured a smiley face character.
Wal-Mart and the Smiley Company wouldn't settle the dispute until 2010, and the terms remained confidential. But the status quo didn't change: The Smiley Company failed to secure the U.S. trademark. The smiley face remains in the public domain in America, while anyone who uses it in a country where the Smiley Company owns the trademark would have to pay licensing fees.
Which is all very relevant to DC Comics, as it continues to lean on the sales, characters and visual motifs of Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons' Watchmen. A bloodied, yellow button bearing a stylized smiling face was a major visual device in the influential 1986 comic, and has been a prominent design motif for physical editions of the book ever since. In the story of Watchmen, the smiley acted both as a symbol of the murder mystery that kicks off the plot, and of the murder victim — the retired costumed crime fighter known as the Comedian — himself. That button, and how it came to be lodged in the wall of the Batcave, as seen in Rebirth #1, the comic that kicked off DC's new editorial direction last year, is the central focus and namesake of the current crossover.
And that's why, outside of the U.S., this is the art you'll see on the covers of Batman #21 and The Flash #21:
Honestly, I'm kind of jealous of international markets. Mikel Janin's art is amazing.
In total, two people were killed and nine wounded, Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told a news conference.
The shooter was identified as Jeffrey Johnson, 53, and his victim was aged 41, Commissioner Kelly said.
Kelly said the man was armed with a .45 caliber handgun, with a magazine holding eight bullets, and shot his former colleague in the head.
The shooter then tried to flee but was confronted by police who had been alerted by a nearby construction worker, Mayor Michael Bloomberg told the news conference.
"The perpetrator clearly turned his gun on the police and tried to shoot them," Mr Bloomberg said. "The cops returned fire, killing him."
Some of the gunshot wounds may have been caused by stray police bullets, the mayor said.
According to The New York Post, two men began arguing in the middle of the street during morning rush hour. They began fighting on the pavement, before one man suddenly drew a gun and opened fire. New York police then shot the gunman. The New York Daily News said the shooter was wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase.
NBC News reported via its Twitter feed that the gunman had been sacked from his job, returning to target his boss.
<noframe>Twitter: NBC News - Gunman was fired from job yesterday, returned to scene today to target his boss, local/federal officials say <a href="http://www.twitter.com/NBCNewYork" target="_blank">@NBCNewYork</a> <a href="http://search.twitter.com/search?q=ESBshooting" target="_blank">#ESBshooting</a></noframe>
A fire department spokesman says it received a call about the shooting just after at 9am local time on Friday and that emergency units were on the scene within minutes.
The shooting occurred at 34th Street and Fifth Avenue, just beside the city's famous skyscraper.
Several blocks around the site of the shooting were closed to vehicles, causing rush hour traffic snarls.
“This is the last thing you are expecting to see walking to work – someone shot dead in broad daylight in Midtown,” Sid Dinsay, 38, who works in a PR firm on Fifth Avenue, told the Post.
“I am shocked – something like this is enough to rattle your nerves. My nerves are rattled right now.”
Construction worker Chris Ogden told the Daily News he was working on a scaffold above one entrance to the building when he saw someone in a suit and carrying a briefcase start shooting.
"He shot the guy in the head," Mr Ogden told the newspaper. "The guy went down. He took a second shot when he was down."
Mr Ogden said then casually walked away. "We were screaming from the top, 'It's the guy in the grey suit!'" Mr Ogden said.
The shooting comes a fortnight after a gunman murdered at least six people at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin. Wade Michael Page was a white supremacist who had previously served in the US army, and shot dead six people, as well as injuring three.
Following the Wisconsin shooting, President Barack Obama said mass killings were occurring with "too much regularity" and should prompt soul searching by all Americans.
That shooting followed the Aurora, Colorado massacre, when a gunman killed 12 and wounded 58 during a midnight screening of the new Batman film The Dark Knight Rises.
Michael Bloomberg, the mayor of New York has been one of America's biggest gun law reform advocates.
He has bemoaned the fact that neither President Obama nor his Republican challenger Mitt Romney had detailed plans to address the issue in the wake of the Colorado tragedy.
"Soothing words are nice, but maybe it's time that the two people who want to be President of the United States stand up and tell us what they are going to do about it."
Amid escalating tensions between North Korea and the U.S., critics were alarmed Tuesday when a South Korean news outlet reported that President Donald Trump will travel to the demilitarized zone (DMZ) between the neighboring countries next month.
A defense source reportedly told the Yonhap news agency that the White House has sent officials to the DMZ to assess potential sites for a planned "special activity" in which the president is "expected to send a significant message to North Korea, either verbally or 'kinetically'," according to a Reuters report.
"Please don't tweet from the DMZ. Please don't tweet from the DMZ. Please don't tweet from the DMZ."
—Kelly Magsamen, Center for American Progress
Last week, the president cryptically told the press that the U.S. may currently be in "the calm before the storm." The statement, combined with president's refusal to engage in talks with Kim Jong-un and the news of his planned visit to the DMZ, alarmed critics, with many raising concerns that Trump is seeking to provoke North Korea.
In an email comment sent to Bloomberg, Bong Youngshik, a researcher at Yonsei University's Institute for North Korean Studies in Seoul, said the trip would fit the "appetite for high theatrics" often exhibited by the U.S. president.
"The image of him narrowing his eyes to stare across the DMZ. It is tweeting by another means," Bong said. "Mr. Trump may also think that if it provokes Pyongyang, all the better."
Journalists and other observers also spoke out on social media.
This is an extremely dangerous idea. That no one is holding him back is another very bad sign. https://t.co/8Jev4P0GpN pic.twitter.com/PvMjyW1q26 — Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) October 10, 2017
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Trump wants to send his stare of resolve across the DMZhttps://t.co/m8VLxGXJ7o
Because it worked so well for Pence.https://t.co/d9pn4y6MSO pic.twitter.com/vzQL6q8p5G — Cheryl Rofer (@CherylRofer) October 10, 2017
Oh boy. Please don't tweet from the DMZ. Please don't tweet from the DMZ. Please don't tweet from the DMZ.... https://t.co/qe8MBIEzne — Kelly Magsamen (@kellymagsamen) October 10, 2017
Trump has shown no interest in holding peaceful negotiations with Kim Jong-un's regime, and has publicly pushed back on statements by Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who have stressed that they are still pursuing diplomatic talks with North Korea.
Former president Jimmy Carter has also urged diplomacy, writing in the Washington Post last week that the growing tension amounts to "the most serious existing threat to world peace," and reportedly saying he wants to personally meet with Kim to push for peace talks.
Trump is scheduled to leave Washington on Nov. 3 to visit Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines.
This past weekend, I attended the Skepticon 5 conference in Springfield, Missouri with a large group of fellow atheists from Chicago. Despite a nine hour drive both ways, it was an absolute blast. The best thing about conferences for me is not necessarily the speakers on the docket, but getting to see friends that I usually don't get to see at any other time. This movement has made it so I know people all across the country, and so only occasionally do we get to come together in the same place. Especially getting to hang out with Debbie Goddard and Ed Brayton was fantastic, as they are two of my favorite people in the entire world. For that reason alone, Skepticon was worth the effort. Also, getting to meet Stephanie Zvan of Almost Diamonds was an enormous pleasure. Not only is she a wonderful writer and thinker, she is a really nice person, and spent a lot of time with Kate, Miriam, and myself.
However, as ever in the atheist movement, there were issues with the weekend. Many of them are summed up well by this blog post, though in terms of actual participation in the Friends Against Hunger event happening next door, Stephanie does contradict some of his claims. However, the starkness between the two events was definitely noticeable.
In my case, being one of them big city liberals and all, I did feel out of place to a certain extent in Springfield. It is a very small town by my standards, and was not exactly bustling aside from the 1,600 conference attendees; on Sunday morning, Kate and I found ourselves to be the only people walking around the downtown area because all the locals were in church. The morning before, on our way to a coffee shop nearby, we had to walk through a Veteran's Day parade that was far more conspicuous for the number of Confederate flags on display than for its celebration of service. All around the area were buildings that were unoccupied, and appeared to have been so for a long time; it was a stark reminder that all is not well in our country, despite talk from the political establishment on how the economy is getting better.
The problem for me arose in the fact that the conference attendees did not exactly diverge much in appearance from the people waving the stars and bars. During the whole weekend, I remember seeing a grand total of seven people of color, one of whom was Debbie Goddard, there tabling for the Center for Inquiry, and two others, Tony Pinn and Hemant Mehta, were speakers.
Now, I know this con took place in a state not known for racial diversity. But the fact of the matter is that such a startling lack of it from a community like ours, which has been having this conversation for ages now, and from organizers as fantastic as those who run Skepticon, simply is not excusable. Particularly when Tony Pinn, a renowned scholar and excellent speaker to boot, was placed as the very last person on the schedule for the entire conference, at 5:30 on Sunday, by which most people, myself included, had left due to having finals the next day.* Add to the fact that he was speaking on diversity, which historically is the topic that speakers of color get pigeonholed into talking about above all else, the near-utter lack of non-white faces should be viewed as a true embarrassment to Skepticon.
I am not going to go on in this post and tell you all the reasons why diversity and concern with social justice should be important. I have talked about it plenty of times before. Many people more eloquent than I have talked about it at length. We as a community need to stop discussing diversity and start doing something about it.
*According to Adam Lee of Daylight Atheism, as well as Stephanie Zvan and Jesse Galef, Dr. Pinn had a scheduling conflict and that is why he was the last speaker, not because of the organizers' planning. Noting this, I believe my critique still stands.
Advertisements
Atlantic City authorities say Steven Pratt killed his mother inside her McKinley Avenue home just days after he was released from prison after serving 30 years for killing his neighbor. (Published Monday, Oct. 13, 2014)
A convicted murderer beat his mother to death during an argument, just two days after he was released from prison, authorities said.
Gwendolyn Pratt, 64, was found dead around 6:30 a.m. Sunday at a home in Atlantic City, The Press of Atlantic City reported. An autopsy determined she died from massive blunt injuries to the head, Atlantic County prosecutor Jim McClain said in a statement.
Her 45-year-old son, Steven Pratt, was detained at the scene and charged with murder. He was being held on $1 million bail, and it was not known if he has retained an attorney.
A neighbor of the victim told the newspaper that the Pratt family had just thrown a welcome-home party for Steven. The neighbor, Ruan Tilghman-Pugh, said Steven had asked a cousin whether he could stay with him after having a disagreement with an aunt with whom he was staying over the weekend.
"It's so devastating," Tilghman-Pugh told the paper. "You just never know what people are going through."
Pratt was 15 when he shot and killed his next-door neighbor, Michael Anderson, in 1984. He was tried as an adult and convicted of first-degree murder in 1986. He received a 30-year prison sentence and was freed on Friday.
According to court records, Pratt and Anderson argued after Pratt and some of his friends refused to leave an apartment hallway where they were noisily hanging out. Pratt returned to Anderson's apartment with a lead pipe, but Anderson took the weapon away and bloodied Pratt's face.
Pratt then returned with a borrowed handgun and shot Anderson.
Copyright Associated Press
Mary Ellen Matthews/NBC
In one of his last appearances on the season finale of “Saturday Night Live,” a rapping Andy Samberg traded a rhyme with Chris Parnell that seemed loaded with underlying meaning: “On these New York streets I hone my fake rap penmanship / That's how it began, and that's how I'm-a finish it.”
This lyric from “Lazy Sunday 2″ was not only a bookend to the hit series of digital shorts that Mr. Samberg helped pioneer during his seven-season career on “S.N.L.”; it was also, as many had suspected, his farewell to that NBC late-night sketch series.
On Friday, Mr. Samberg confirmed that he will not be returning as a cast member on the next season of “Saturday Night Live.”
“It's an incredibly emotional and strange moment in my life,” Mr. Samberg said Friday in a telephone interview. “Obviously it's not a huge shock, but I did officially decide not to come back.”
Not long after joining “S.N.L.” in the fall of 2005, Mr. Samberg and his frequent collaborators Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer (who as a trio comprise the comedic hip-hop group the Lonely Island) delivered their first hit viral video for the show: “Lazy Sunday,” a rap video in which Mr. Samberg and Mr. Parnell rhyme about their enthusiasm for unthreatening cultural offerings like Red Vines licorice and the children's adventure movie “The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.”
Other successes followed, including “I'm on a Boat,” “I Just Had Sex” and a collaboration with Justin Timberlake about the surprising gifts they put in boxes and offer to their paramours.
Leaving the show was “one of the hardest decisions I've ever made,” said Mr. Samberg, who added that he had come to this conclusion with some counsel from Kristen Wiig, an “S.N.L.” veteran who exited the show with a bittersweet Rolling Stones sing-along at the end of the season.
“She kept saying it just feels like it's her time,” Mr. Samberg said. “I connect with that. Something about it just feels like it's the moment. My contract's up and I did so much more than I ever thought I would ever even do.”
Mr. Samberg left open the possibility that he and his Lonely Island partners might still contribute occasional shorts or other works to future “S.N.L.” episodes. “That's the kind of thing that I really do hope happens,” he said.
With a coming schedule of roles in summer movies like “That's My Boy” and “Celeste and Jesse Forever,” Mr. Samberg said he looked forward to dodging the now-inevitable questions about when he might return to “Saturday Night Live” as a host.
“Well, hopefully things will work out well enough that they'll want me,” he said.
After six seasons, Justified is finally readying its last stone-faced rejoinders. Graham Yost's series wraps up tonight, and with the series finale looming, the now-badgeless renegade Raylan (Timothy Olyphant) and his small-town Kentucky nemesis Boyd Crowder (Walton Goggins) are both on the hunt for Ava Crowder (Joelle Carter) in the Appalachian hills—while Avery Markham (Sam Elliott), Loretta McCready (Kaitlyn Dever) and the inconceivably immortal Wynn Duffy (Jere Burns) all have parts to play.
From its indelible recurring villains to its bourbon-soaked charm, Justified has been a joy, though the road wasn't without its bumps. After Elmore Leonard, the legendary crime writer whose short story "Fire in the Hole" inspired the show, passed away in 2013, and Yost and his staff knew the show's end was in sight, the ensuing fifth season dipped in quality, and fans got nervous that the show wouldn't wrap up in peak form. Thankfully, the final season has been lights-out all around: acid-soaked retorts, tense drama, and constantly shifting alliances have been the backdrop as the fate of Harlan County hangs in the balance. Though its best reaction GIFs are reserved for Olyphant's killer smirk and stoic standoffs, Justified is still a cornucopia of memorable images. There are too many showdowns and one-liners for any mortal roundup, but we've compiled a killer selection to quick-draw from. We'll miss you, Harlan County.
Remember Your ABC's
The Use Case: Giving advice (especially on style blogs)
The Background: The silver-tongued Boyd Crowder is the scene-stealing Omega to Raylan's Alpha. There are plenty of love and almost-love stories on Justified, but the most combustible pairing will always be these two—they came from the same coal-mining roots, only to wind up on opposite sides of the law, destined to face off again and again.
Geopolitics, Crothers Style
The Use Case: Specifically, regional arguments between Michiganders, but there's plenty here to suit any and all arguments.
The Background: Every darkness needs its light, and Boyd more often than not has enough of the latter to make the former palatable.
The Patented Raylan Givens "Justified" Shooting
The Use Case: Keeping things on the up-and-up...but barely.
The Background: The entire impetus for the series was Givens' "justified" quick-draw shooting of a mob hitman in Miami, leading to his reassignment to his home state of Kentucky. Bending the law to the point juuuust before it breaks is Raylan's calling card.
Maybe You're the Asshole
The Use Case: Somebody's being a…you know.
The Background: Raylan Givens has a way with the expletives allowed on cable television. The above quote, from Season 6, is perhaps his best piece of inadvertent advice. (Of course, there are so many bits like that littered throughout the series that FX could sell a Raylanism-A-Day calendar.)
The Tao Of Tim
The Use Case: When your friend says something so inconceivably dumb that no words are as strong as a good eye roll.
The Background: Raylan doesn't have a partner per se, but Tim Gutterson (Jacob Pitts) and Rachel Brooks (Erica Tazel) offer such dry counterbalance that they can make him look almost cuddly by comparison.
Here Comes the Judgment
The Use Case: Pulling out the big guns.
The Background: Ellstin Limehouse's holler in Harlan County is one of the places that criminals and law enforcement alike fear to tread. His first appearance is not unlike Daniel Day-Lewis' Bill the Butcher from Gangs Of New York, and immediately sets the tone for his character—a man not to be trifled with.
Keep It Sweet
The Use Case: Delivering the final blow.
The Background: Raylan's father Arlo Givens (Raymond J. Barry) is a thorn in the Marshal's side throughout the first four seasons, as a petty criminal always showing up in the wrong places. Even after his death, he haunts Raylan's mind; Raylan's hallucination of Arlo in one episode during Season 6 was the perfect curtain call for a perfect role.
The Un-Killable Wynn Duffy
The Use Case: Basically any comments section in the history of the Internet.
The Background: Of all the characters to meet sticky ends during Justified's run, Wynn Duffy seemed the most likely to get offed at almost every juncture. And yet, slick cockroach that he is, he survived through to the series finale, as nearly every associate he's ever been around on the show dies in increasingly ridiculous fashion.
That Classic Raylan Givens Smile
The Use Case: When you want to turn on the smolder.
The Background: Timothy Olyphant was fantastic as Seth Bullock on David Milch's classic HBO series Deadwood, but his defining role now and forever will be Raylan Givens. That cowboy smirk peering out from under the weathered brim of a cowboy hat never gets old.
Reacting to several of his own false claims of voter fraud, President Donald Trump on Wednesday pushed it further, asking for a “major investigation” into unsubstantiated claims that some three million people illegally voted for Hillary Clinton.
Few Republicans or even his staff support Trump's insistence on voting irregularities, but he does have one backer: Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach.
Kobach told the Wichita Eagle on Wednesday that he encouraged Trump to pursue an investigation.
Here are eight things you need to know about Kobach:
1. Kobach was apparently behind Trump's first false statement alleging voter fraud after the election. On Nov. 27, Trump inaccurately tweeted that he had won the Electoral College in a “landslide” and that he would have won the popular vote “if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.”
Kellyanne Conway, Trump's counselor, told ABC News on Dec. 2 that Kobach was Trump's source.
“The President-elect has been talking to different people, including Kris Kobach of Kansas about voting irregularities or the number of illegal votes that may have been cast and I believe that he bases his information on that,” Conway said.
2. Kobach is also well-known for making baseless claims of mass voter fraud by “aliens” and gained national attention for his aggressive stance on illegal immigration. He was behind Arizona's SB1070, the now-defunct “papers please” law that required police officers to demand documentation of those suspected of being in the country illegally. And he has ties to white supremacist movements, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
3. Kobach advised Trump during the campaign and wanted a job in the administration. He met twice with Trump before the inauguration and was mocked by late-night hosts when his Department of Homeland Security plan, which called for reinstatement of a so-called “Muslim registry,” was caught by photographers. The last line appeared to read "Stop Aliens From Voting." He didn't get the job – Trump nominated retired Marine Corps Gen. John Kelly for DHS and he's since been confirmed.
4. Kobach's justification for his claim that millions allegedly voted illegally includes a well-criticized study and some jumps in mathematical logic, as has been reported on KCUR.
The survey of 339 self-reported non-citizens found 11 percent had voted. Kobach multiplied the number of non-citizens in the U.S., about 28 million, by 11 percent to conclude millions of illegal votes were cast.
"We don't have a hard number, because it's impossible to get that hard number. We can estimate that the same percentage probably voted in 2016. That gives us 3.2 million aliens," Kobach said.
5. Kobach is the only secretary of state in the country with prosecutorial powers, which the Kansas Legislature gave him in 2015 to pursue voter fraud allegations.
6. Despite his ability to bring cases and his many claims of massive voter fraud in the U.S., Kobach's record on finding it is thin. Kobach has so far filed nine cases of alleged double voting and has won six misdemeanor convictions. Those convicted were mostly older, white Republican men who say they mistakenly voted in two states.
7. Kobach has not charged any non-citizens with voter fraud. Kobach pushed for a Kansas law requiring proof of citizenship for voter registration and a challenge to that law is in federal court. Separately, he is seeking a so-called two-tier system – which would still require voter identification in state races – this legislative season.
8. Kobach also supports Trump's call for building a wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
Peggy Lowe is investigations editor for KCUR and Harvest Public Media. She can be found on Twitter @peggyllowe.
Prudence or experience by disaster can teach every sysadmin the importance of taking frequent system backups. You can do so by writing good old shell scripts, or using one (or more) of the many backup tools available for the job (e.g., Clonezilla, Duplicity). Thus the more tools you become acquainted with, the better informed decisions you will make when implementing a backup solution.
In this article we will present backupninja, a lightweight and easy-to-configure system backup tool. With the help of programs like rdiff - backup , duplicity , mysqlhotcopy and mysqldump , Backupninja offers common backup features such as remote, secure and incremental file system backups, encrypted backup, and MySQL/MariaDB database backup. You can selectively enable status email reports, and can back up general hardware and system information as well. One key strength of backupninja is a built-in console-based wizard (called ninjahelper ) that allows you to easily create configuration files for various backup scenarios.
The downside, so to speak, is that backupninja requires other "helper" programs to be installed in order to take full advantage of all its features. While backupninja's RPM package is available for Red Hat-based distributions, backupninja's dependencies are optimized for Debian and its derivatives. Thus it is not recommended to try backupninja for Red Hat based systems.
In this tutorial, we will cover the backupninja installation for Debian-based distributions.
Installing Backupninja
Run the following command as root:
# aptitude install backupninja
During installation, several files and directories will be created:
/usr/sbin/backupninja is the main bash shell script.
is the main bash shell script. /etc/cron.d/backupninja , by default, instructs cron to run the main script once per hour.
, by default, instructs to run the main script once per hour. /etc/logrotate.d/backupninja rotates the logs created by the program.
rotates the logs created by the program. /etc/backup.d/ is the directory where the configuration files for backup actions reside.
is the directory where the configuration files for backup actions reside. /etc/backupninja.conf is the main configuration file that includes general options. It is well commented and explains each option in detail.
is the main configuration file that includes general options. It is well commented and explains each option in detail. /usr/share/backupninja is the directory where the scripts used by backupninja are located (aka "handlers"). These are the scripts which are in charge of doing the actual work. In this directory you will also find .helper files, which are used to configure and set up ninjahelper menus.
is the directory where the scripts used by backupninja are located (aka "handlers"). These are the scripts which are in charge of doing the actual work. In this directory you will also find .helper files, which are used to configure and set up ninjahelper menus. /usr/share/doc/backupninja/examples contains templates for action configuration files (the kind of files that are created through ninjahelper).
Running Ninjahelper for the First Time
When we try to launch ninjahelper, we can see that an internal dependency may be required. If prompted, enter "yes" and press the ENTER key to install dialog (a tool that displays user-friendly dialog boxes from shell scripts).
When you press Enter after typing yes, backupninja will install dialog and present the following screen once it's done.
Example 1: Back up Hardware and System Info
After launching ninjahelper, we will create a new backup action:
If necessary helper programs are not installed, we will be presented with the following screens. Disregard this step if these packages have already been installed on your system.
The next step consists of selecting the items that you want to be a part of this backup. The first four are selected by default, but you can deselect them by pressing the spacebar.
Once you are done, press OK to continue. You will be able to choose whether you want to use the default configuration file for this backup action (/etc/backup.d/10.sys), or if you want to create a new one. In the latter case, a new file with the same contents as the default one will be created under the same directory but named 11.sys, and so on for future system backup actions. Note that you can edit the configuration file once it's created with your preferred text editor.
Example 2: Incremental Rsync Pull Backup of a Remote Directory
As you most likely know, rsync is widely used to synchronize files and folders over a network. In the following example we will discuss an approach to take incremental pull backups of a remote directory with hardlinking to save historical data and store them in our local file server. This approach will help us save space and increase security on the server side.
Step 1: Write a custom script in the /etc/backup.d directory with the following contents and chmod it to 600. Note that this directory may contain, besides plain configuration files, scripts that you want to run when backupninja is executed, with the advantage of using variables present in the main configuration file.
# REMOTE USER user=root # REMOTE HOST host=dev1 # REMOTE DIRECTORY remotedir=/home/gacanepa/ # LOCAL DIRECTORY localdir=/home/gacanepa/backup.0 # LOCAL DIRECTORY WHERE PREVIOUS BACKUP WAS STORED localdirold=/home/gacanepa/backup.1 mv $localdir $localdirold # RSYNC rsync -av --delete --recursive --link-dest=$localdirold $user@$host:$remotedir $localdir
In the above configuration, the '--link-dest' option of rsync is used to hardlink unchanged files (in all attributes) from $localdir-old to the destination directory ($localdir).
Step 2: Before backupninja is run for the first time, the parent directory (/home/gacanepa in this case) is empty. The first time we execute:
# backupninja -n
the backup.0 directory is created, and later in the process its name is changed to backup.1.
The second time we run backupninja, backup.0 is re-created and backup.1 is kept.
Step 3: Verify that the contents of backup.1 are hard links to the files in backup.0 by comparing the respective inode numbers and directory sizes.
Conclusion
Backupninja is not only a classic backup tool, but also an easy-to-configure utility. You can write your own handlers to run backupninja as per the individual configuration files located in /etc/backup.d, and you can even write helpers for ninjahelper in order to include them in its main interface.
For example, if you create a handler named xmodulo in /usr/share/backupninja, it will run by default every file with the .xmodulo extension in /etc/backup.d. If you decide you want to add your xmodulo handler to ninjahelper, you can write the corresponding helper as xmodulo.helper. In addition, if you want backupninja to run an arbitrary script, just add it to /etc/backup.d and you are good to go.
Feel free to leave your comments, questions, or suggestions, using the form below. we will be more than glad to hear from you.
Highest per-capita torrenting by state. (Movoto)
CORRECTION: The data in the maps below reflects the title that most deviates from national trends and not the most popular title, as described in Movoto's original post. As such, the data in some cases is based on very few downloads, as file-sharing news site TorrentFreak points out in a post noting problems with the data.
Over the past decade or so, torrenting has emerged as one of the most popular means of illegally (and sometimes legally) downloading games, movies and television shows. So, naturally, trends in that form of peer-to-peer file sharing reflect the interests of what at least one slice of the population—those willing to violate copyright laws—is interested in at any given moment in time.
The folks over at the Movoto blog—owned by housing information company Movoto Real Estate—decided to look into torrent activity by state and found a relatively wide variety of tastes for movies, TV shows and games. Over the course of 40 days, they collected data from almost 4 million “seed nodes”—users sharing some or all of a file—3 million unique IP address and hundreds of titles. While Movoto looked at a lot of data, the findings are not scientific and are in some cases based on very few instances of downloads, as file-sharing news site TorrentFreak points out. (In other words, the maps are just for fun.)
Movoto sliced the data up in various ways, but here's a look at the movies, TV shows and games that make each state unique: The title listed for each state is the one that differs most from the national average in that category. Click on a map to see a larger version.
The movie torrented in each state that differs most from the national average
The game torrented in each state that differs most from the national average
The TV show torrented in each state that differs most from the national average
“I think the President's team has been rather brilliant in putting this one together,” said former DNC chair Howard Dean, speaking on the American Jobs Act with Lawrence O'Donnell last night, sounding confident and convinced that the bill puts sufficient pressure on Republicans to get passed. “It would be hard to devise a better bill than this to put these guys on the griddle,” he said. “They're in big trouble”
The bill, he says, is “a practical bill that will get you where you want to go, and it won't harm the deficit.” He thinks the act has a winsome name, and that as a political maneuver by the Democrats, the bill is brilliant. Emphasizing that it will be paid for by higher taxes on the rich — people Americans “can't stand,” he says again and again — he feels Republicans will be forced to pass it to action to appease constituents. A vote against it, he warns, “would mean money in the pockets of people they can't stand,” and no new jobs for ordinary Americans.
“All they have done is obstructed for four years,” he says, chiding whom he calls “the do-nothing Republicans” planning to stop the bill. “People love a fighter and they do not like what the Republican's stand for and who they stand for,” he says, hoping that this might be Obama‘s Harry Turman moment.
Watch below:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The Aam Aadmi Party has got support from a network of volunteers, comprising of students from over forty universities in the US, Canada, Britain, Hungary and Singapore in its electoral venture.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has got support from a network of volunteers, comprising of students from over forty universities in the US, Canada, Britain, Hungary and Singapore in its electoral venture.
Quietly launched in September, the network has grown to over 40 universities where students are taking time from their graduate studies to volunteer for AAP and make financial contributions, a media release said yesterday.
"The students are inspired by Arvind Kejriwal and AAP. The opportunity to remove corruption and improve lives of common people in India - the central tenets of AAP, are energising the students and young professional communities around the world," said Shail Kumar.
Shail, former president of the IIT foundation is the organiser and co-founder of the network.
The students are hosting Hangouts and events for AAP, making phone calls and donating money, the report said.
Majority of these are graduate students, who were earlier involved in the India Against Corruption movement, the precursor of AAP.
"With elections around the corner, I am confident that the energy that students can bring to our campaign will help carry our message to more voters," Arvind Kejriwal, national convener of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) said.
"The Anna movement in 2011 inspired me. I always supported the idea that to change the system we need to get in it and the formation of AAP provided me a perfect opportunity to support such an action," said Raj Shekhar Singh, a graduate student at University of California, Berkeley and one of the co-founders of the network.
Raj is a donor for AAP and also hosted the Hangout in Berkeley, California.
Suma Jaini, co-founder of the network and a PhD candidate at Boston University, hoped AAP wins the upcoming elections and establishes the government in Delhi. She a IIT Kharagpur alumni.
The AAP student network includes among others UC Berkeley, UT Austin, University of Iowa, Texas A&M, Boston University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the US; McGill University in Canada; University of Cambridge in UK and Nanyang Technological University in Singapore.
IRVING, Texas -- Dallas Cowboys coach Jason Garrett doesn't want anyone getting too worked up about skinny defensive end Randy Gregory's weight.
Not right now, anyway.
It's way too early in Gregory's career. He's about 245 pounds now, up from 238 after last month's draft. But the 6-foot-4 rookie's metabolism is so efficient, his goal weight remains a moving target.
We are talking about a guy who said he lost 1 1/2 pounds in about 30 minutes in the rookie minicamp.
"We don't want to be overly overly concerned about that," Garrett said of Gregory's weight. "One of things you do notice is he's an explosive player, a physical player, despite what the number might be on the scale."
Realistically, Gregory will need an entire offseason to put on and maintain the kind of weight the Cowboys want him to carry.
In the meantime, defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli's job is to give Gregory a crash course on rushing the passer.
The Cowboys will need significant contributions from rookie defensive end Randy Gregory if they are to improve on their 28th ranking in sacks. AP Photo/Brandon Wade
Marinelli, who owns a Ph.D. in football technique, has Gregory studying game tapes of former sack masters Simeon Rice and Jason Taylor. Each player had a linear frame similar to that of Gregory, and each finished his career with more than 100 sacks.
At 6-foot-5, 268 pounds, Rice had double-digit sacks in eight of his 13 seasons. Taylor, 6-foot-6, 255 pounds, had six seasons with at least 10 sacks in his 15-year career.
"We're just looking at guys who kind of fit his movement, just to see things," Marinelli said. "You don't try to make a player that guy, but both of those guys rushed with great instincts.
"The awareness, the feel. You try to give guys a look at what it is and why they're so good."
The Cowboys finished the 2014 season with just 28 sacks, which ranked 28th in the league. Defensive end Jeremy Mincey led the Cowboys with six sacks.
That's not nearly good enough for a team that now believes it is in line to compete for a title. More pressure from the Dallas defense means opposing quarterbacks operating under duress, which usually leads to turnovers and wins.
DeMarcus Lawrence, a second-round pick last season, should be considerably better in 2015. And it will take some time, but sooner or later defensive end Greg Hardy should be a difference-maker, depending on how long his impending suspension lasts.
There's no doubt Gregory will also get an opportunity to be an impact player this season.
That doesn't mean you should expect him to get double-digit sacks, but if he's healthy and plays the entire season, Gregory should be able to impact the quarterback. Thirty-two defensive ends have been drafted in the second round since 2004; during their rookie seasons, none had more than Carlos Dunlap's 9 1/2 sacks for the Cincinnati Bengals.
Most have been average as rookies and increased their sack total by four or five during their second season.
Gregory has long arms to keep offensive tackles off him, and his first-step quickness gives him a chance to be an elite pass-rusher.
The tackles in today's NFL are usually nimble 300-pounders. Good technique is a necessity for an undersized dude like Gregory to survive and thrive.
The first three steps, Marinelli said, is where a play often is won or lost for a defensive end.
"Their feet, their takeoff and their pad level is so important, and that's the hardest thing to get," Marinelli said. "It wears you out every down. It's hard to be exact, because you're going full speed.
"It's not just running wild. The skill level you're trying to teach is unbelievable. He can bend. But he's got to come off the ball better. He's not coming off the ball quick yet."
At the same time, Marinelli doesn't want Gregory thinking about how fast he reacts to the snap. The defensive coordinator wants it to be intuitive, something that only happens with time.
Gregory, assigned jersey No. 94, which belonged to Hall of Fame pass-rusher Charles Haley, said he is doing his homework and focusing only on improving daily.
"I've watched a lot of tape of those guys, and I'm trying to learn some of their moves," he said.
"Simeon has a really nice move that I tried in practice today, and that's what I'm trying to do."
For now, pass-rushing moves take precedence over gaining weight.
A new paper examines what is behind the ~2% of climate change related peer reviewed research that run contrary to widely accepted scientific consensus on climate change to see why those papers are wrong.
There is a scientific consensus that increasing greenhouse gas concentration in the atmosphere causes surface warming, and that CO2 is a major greenhouse gas. This consensus is based on physics. We don't need to observe the effects of human greenhouse gas pollution to know this. There is consensus that human burning of fossil fuel causes an increase in CO2 in the atmosphere. We don't need to observe this to know it, because we know how combustion works. But it is relatively simple to measure, and it has been measured, and it is true. There is consensus that the planet's surface has warmed. This is expected from the physics and the fact that we are increasing atmospheric CO2, but it is also relatively easy to measure, it is measured, and it is true. There are varying levels of understanding the effects of this process, and varying degrees to which the effects of surface warming are thought to cause specific effects. One could probably characterize the scientific consensus as a widespread understanding that surface warming has had and will have a range of effects, with many of those effects being changes in weather patterns or regional climatology (how warm/cool/dry/wet a region generally is across he seasons) arising from a combination of "natural variability" (what would happen without greenhouse gas pollution) and anthropogenic global warming.
It is interesting, then, to see the results of various studies of scientific consensus related to climate change. Two kinds of studies have been done. One asks scientists what they think, the other reviews the scientific literature to see what the peer reviewed papers that address climate change say. In both cases we see a number between 90 (or, really, 95) and 100 percent agreement on the stuff in the paragraph above. It is not surprising that the vast majority of scientists, and the vast majority of research papers, have very similar things to say about climate change. This is not new science, and while climate is very complex, the basics of anthropogenic global warming are well understood. The results of empirical research closely match expectations derived from the physics. It all hangs together pretty well.
What is surprising is to see that 3-6% or so disagreement. Who are those scientists, why do they disagree, what do those papers say?
I would assume that since consensus research takes time, and often looks at several years worth of papers, that some of that non-consensus reflects older thinking and older research. Also, there are climate contrarians, including some scientists, who oppose the consensus for reasons not based on the science. That sort of denial presumably comes from the simple fact that some corporations or wealthy individuals will see reduced profits as we make the inevitable shift away from fossil fuels. So some of that non-consensus may be bought and paid for self interested maneuvering.
Rasmus Benestad, Dana Nuccitelli, Stephan Lewandowsky, Katherine Hayhoe, Hans Olav Hygen, Rob van Dorland, and John Cook, in "Learning from mistakes in climate research" (Theoretical and Applied Climatology) looks at the non-consensus peer reviewed literature.
The paper is here, and author Dana Nuccitelli has a writeup on the paper here. From the abstract:
Among papers stating a position on anthropogenic global warming (AGW), 97 % endorse AGW. What is happening with the 2 % of papers that reject AGW? We examine a selection of papers rejecting AGW. An analytical tool has been developed to replicate and test the results and methods used in these studies; our replication reveals a number of methodological flaws, and a pattern of common mistakes emerges that is not visible when looking at single isolated cases. Thus, real-life scientific disputes in some cases can be resolved, and we can learn from mistakes. A common denominator seems to be missing contextual information or ignoring information that does not fit the conclusions, be it other relevant work or related geophysical data. In many cases, shortcomings are due to insufficient model evaluation, leading to results that are not universally valid but rather are an artifact of a particular experimental setup. Other typical weaknesses include false dichotomies, inappropriate statistical methods, or basing conclusions on misconceived or incomplete physics. We also argue that science is never settled and that both mainstream and contrarian papers must be subject to sustained scrutiny. The merit of replication is highlighted and we discuss how the quality of the scientific literature may benefit from
replication.
The researchers found that cherry picking was the most common explanation for the non-consensus papers contrary results. In other words, it is not the case that a small number of paper simply found the physics, or some other aspect of, global warming to be different than other researchers found, or that they were looking at a part of the system that acts differently. Rather, these papers were wrong, and for a specific reason.
We found that many contrarian research papers omitted important contextual information or ignored key data that did not fit the research conclusions. For example, in the discussion of a 2011 paper by Humlum et al. in our supplementary material, we note, The core of the analysis carried out by [Humlum et al.] involved wavelet-based curve-fitting, with a vague idea that the moon and solar cycles somehow can affect the Earth's climate. The most severe problem with the paper, however, was that it had discarded a large fraction of data for the Holocene which did not fit their claims.
The authors attempted a replication of that particular research, and found that the model they used only worked for part of the underlying data. The data that were ignored by Humlum et al contradicted their findings.
Another problem identified by Benestad et al is the lack of a consistent sensible alternative explanation for their alleged findings. "...there is no cohesive, consistent alternative theory to human-caused global warming. Some blame global warming on the sun, others on orbital cycles of other planets, others on ocean cycles, and so on. There is a 97% expert consensus on a cohesive theory that's overwhelmingly supported by the scientific evidence, but the 2–3% of papers that reject that consensus are all over the map, even contradicting each other."
Go read Dana Nuccitelli's post in The Guardian for more discussion of this interesting new paper. Also, the lead author has a post on this paper at RealClimate.
The last post described some of the background details of how the new CCMP-attack works. Using this feature in Pyrit is quite easy:
As the Temporal Key is not used during the authentication but only in the following data-stream, Pyrit needs more than just the fourway-handshake. The ‘analyze‘-command from now on indicates if an encrypted packet can be associated with an authentication and sufficiently constrained to actually “belong” to this authentication (encrypted with the Temporal Key from that authentication). A simple asterisk shows that:
>pyrit -r wpa2psk-linksys.dump.gz analyze
Pyrit 0.4.1-dev (svn r304) (C) 2008-2011 Lukas Lueg http://pyrit.googlecode.com
This code is distributed under the GNU General Public License v3+ Parsing file ‘wpa2psk-linksys.dump.gz' (1/1)…
Parsed 499 packets (499 802.11-packets), got 1 AP(s) #1: AccessPoint 00:0b:86:c2:a4:85 (‘linksys'):
#1: Station 00:13:ce:55:98:ef, 3 handshake(s):
#1: HMAC_SHA1_AES, good*, spread 1
#2: HMAC_SHA1_AES, good*, spread 1
#3: HMAC_SHA1_AES, good*, spread 1
All “attack“-commands from now on understand the new switch “–aes“. This switch tells Pyrit to attack an authentication using the new CCMP-approach if possible. You can, in fact, apply this switch all the time. Pyrit will figure out if the CCMP-path is actually possible. The switch will be removed (or reversed) in the future.
>pyrit -r wpa2psk-linksys.dump.gz -i dict.gz –aes attack_passthrough
Pyrit 0.4.1-dev (svn r304) (C) 2008-2011 Lukas Lueg http://pyrit.googlecode.com
This code is distributed under the GNU General Public License v3+ Parsing file ‘wpa2psk-linksys.dump.gz' (1/1)…
Parsed 499 packets (499 802.11-packets), got 1 AP(s) Picked AccessPoint 00:0b:86:c2:a4:85 (‘linksys') automatically.
Tried 4094 PMKs so far; 1049 PMKs per second. The password is ‘dictionary'.
Pyrit can use the new AES-NI instruction-set found in recent processors (e.g. Intel Sandy Bridge) to boost performance. The “list-cores“-command shows if the local processor supports this instruction-set:
> pyrit list_cores
Pyrit 0.4.1-dev (svn r304) (C) 2008-2011 Lukas Lueg http://pyrit.googlecode.com
This code is distributed under the GNU General Public License v3+ The following cores seem available…
#1: ‘CPU-Core (SSE2/AES)'
#2: ‘CPU-Core (SSE2/AES)'
#3: ‘CPU-Core (SSE2/AES)'
#4: ‘CPU-Core (SSE2/AES)'
Note that a recent version of GCC 4.4+ is required to compile the intrinsics for the new AES-NI instructions. Pyrit‘s module will not be able to use the hardware-based AES-acceleration if it was compiled with a previous version of GCC.
Please also note that this feature is currently only the the svn-codebase and not found in a released stable version. Your help is required to make this process faster. Please submit cases where Pyrit is able to successfully attack a handshake using the original approach but fails to do so when the –aes switch is applied. Such regressions need to be sorted out before we can make the new CCMP-approach a default and get a new stable version 0.4.1 out onto the road. Please open a bug on Pyrit's bugtracker for these cases (including all necessary information).
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
April 19, 2011
Categories: Uncategorized . . Author: ebfe
24 Comments
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
SEPTA and its union are back at the bargaining table as the strike continues but there's still no deal. Pennsylvania congressman Bob Brady joined the negotiations to try and help both sides reach an agreement. NBC10's Brandon Hudson has the details. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016)
What to Know SEPTA workers went on strike early Tuesday in Philadelphia, shutting down bus, trolley and subways.
SEPTA announced Tuesday that many trains will be canceled due to ‘TWU strike-related pickets' at regional rail facilities.
SEPTA released a Survival Guide for customers during the strike.
SEPTA released a Survival Guide for customers during the strike. CLICK HERE to read it.
SEPTA Strike: 30th Street Station Chaos
NBC10 followed the chaos of the SEPTA strike on Tuesday. NBC10's Brandon Hudson has the latest developments from 30th Street Station. (Published Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016)
Commuters jumped on bikes, grabbed cabs and crammed into carpools as Philadelphia transit workers went on strike Tuesday after the city's main transit agency and a union representing about 4,700 workers failed to reach a contract agreement.
What's Not Running With SEPTA on Strike?
NBC10 First Alert Traffic reporter Jessica Boyington tells you what isn't running with SEPTA on strike Tuesday morning. (Published Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016)
Regional rail travel to the suburbs was unexpectedly disrupted at the start of the evening rush as some pickets blocked access to those facilities for workers, and a number of trains had to be canceled. The pickets began clearing from those facilities around 5 p.m. after Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority got an injunction, but the cancelations were complicating an already slow and jam-packed commute.
SEPTA Strike: Traffic Trouble
The first day of the SEPTA strike caused a tremendous amount of issues for thousands of people in the Philadelphia area. NBC10's Cydney Long spoke to a few of the frustrated commuters. (Published Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016)
Union spokesman Jamie Horwitz said the union was working to protect free speech "while still allowing unfettered access to SEPTA facilities and preventing any form of interference."
The walkout, which began at 12:01 a.m., shut down buses, trolleys and subways that provide about 900,000 rides a day. As of 5 p.m. no new talks were scheduled.
"This is something that is bad for everybody and has to end," said Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf.
Alexia Coleman-Smith split an Uber so she could get to a station to get a train out to the city's western suburbs. She planned to walk home from the station to save money.
SEPTA on Strike
Brendan McQuiggan used the city's bike-share service to pedal to his job from the downtown area to Philadelphia's Old City neighborhood. He usually takes the subway.
LaBria Wilson usually takes a bus to get to the station where she grabs a train out to the suburbs and the prep school she attends. But on Tuesday, she got up an hour early, and her mother drove her to the train.
SEPTA Union Announces Strike
TWU Local 234 President Willie Brown announced SEPTA workers would go on strike after failing to reach a contract agreement midnight on Monday. (Published Tuesday, Oct. 1, 2016)
In declaring the strike, Transport Workers Union Local 234 President Willie Brown said management "refused to budge on key issues including safety issues that would save lives and not cost SEPTA a dime."
He said the sides remained far apart on pension and health care issues, as well as noneconomic issues such as shift scheduling, break time and other measures that affect driver fatigue.
SEPTA said it was ready to resume bargaining. If no agreement is reached before Election Day, the agency said it would seek an injunction to restore service on that day "to ensure that the strike does not prevent any voters from getting to the polls and exercising their right to vote."
It is the ninth strike by city transit workers since 1975. The last one, in 2009, lasted six days.
Among those walking the picket line early Tuesday was Frank Brinkman, a 32-year SEPTA employee. He said he hoped a deal could be worked out soon.
"I feel bad for them, I really do," he said of transit riders, "but this affects everybody's families.
"It's not an easy decision and (SEPTA) say it's about the taxpayers, but we're out here and we're taxpayers, too," he said.
The city set up a special bus service to get its employees to and from work. Universities and some businesses also arranged new or expanded bus service for employees.
The strike had a major impact on the Philadelphia school system because SEPTA provides rides for nearly 60,000 public, private and charter school students. The district said students wouldn't be penalized for being late.
Democratic District Attorney Seth Williams joined transit workers for a photograph on a picket line, tweeting that he was "showing some love for the men & women of TWU Local #234."
SEPTA SERVICES THAT ARE STILL RUNNING DURING STRIKE
Regional Rail
Norristown High Speed Line
Suburban Bus, Trolley Routes 101 & 102
LUCY (Loop through University City), Route 310 (Horsham Breeze), Routes 204, 205 and Cornwells Heights Parking Shuttle
CCT Connect: Regular Service will operate for registered ADA and Shared Ride customers. There may be some delays due to increased demand and local street traffic.
SEPTA SERVICES THAT ARE NOT RUNNING DURING STRIKE
City Bus Routes (Including Route 78, Cornwells Heights to Center City Express)
Market Frankford Line
Broad Street & Broad Ridge Spur Lines
Trolley Routes 10, 11, 13, 15, 34, and 36
CLICK HERE to read SEPTA's complete survival guide
NON-SEPTA SERVICES FOR STUDENTS AND VISITORS
Temple University student Victor Lourng created a map of bus routes that will run and provide services for students, hotel guests and some workers during the strike.
UPENN'S SEPTA STRIKE CONTINGENCY PLAN
The University of Pennsylvania partnered with Drexel University, the University of Pennsylvania Health System and Children's Hospital of Philadelphia to provide complimentary transit services to all employees of these institutions and organizations at Penn. CLICK HERE for more information.
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY'S SEPTA STRIKE CONTINGENCY PLAN
Temple University released contingency plans to help members of the university community during the strike. CLICK HERE to learn more.
UBER EXPANDS UBERPOOL COVERAGE
Uber announced they would expand its uberPOOL coverage throughout the greater Philadelphia area during the strike. CLICK HERE to learn more.
LYFT SERVICES
Lyft announced prices will remain low for passengers during the strike. CLICK HERE to learn more.
ZIPCAR DISCOUNTS
Zipcar announced they would discount its cars in Philadelphia with $5 hourly reservations available on more than 100 zipcars near SEPTA stops for those who are without transportation. CLICK HERE to learn more.
PPA DISCOUNTS, RELAXED ENFORCEMENT
The Philadelphia Parking aUthroity discounted parking prices at some garages and relaxed residential and meter parking rules to deal with more drivers in Philadelphia. CLICK HERE to learn more.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
Get the biggest Swansea stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of the world's most prestigious art museums could be brought to Wales under ambitious new plans.
The Guggenheim, which currently has galleries in Bilbao, Berlin, Venice, and New York, is considered an architecture icon.
And now a number of influential figures believe Wales should join the “international constellation of museums” who share one of world's best collections of modern art.
One, former Plaid Cymru MP Adam Price said: “This idea is not just a glint in my eye, we have been in discussions with key stakeholders for the past six months. The Welsh Government have been kept informed as have the Arts Council.
“Preliminary discussions have taken place, with people including the Guggenheim [Foundation], but it is important that an initial decision to go for this must first come from the Welsh public.
“Any potential project would depend on deep-rooted support and we will be seeking that from the Welsh people.”
Mr Price believes Cardiff could emulate the success of the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, which has been credited with transforming the Basque city's fortunes, giving birth to the term “The Guggenheim Effect”.
He said: “The Guggenheim Foundation has long indicated its desire to repeat its success through finding a new Bilbao.
“A Guggenheim would powerfully transform Wales' international image.”
Other prominent figures supporting the proposal include Lord Dafydd Wigley; Tony Jones, the Emeritus Chancellor of the School of the Chicago Institute of Art; and Yvette Vaughan-Jones, the chief executive of the UK body Visiting Arts.
Potential locations for the Welsh Guggenheim include Cardiff, Swansea, and Pembrokeshire.
Mr Price said: “The capital obviously lends itself as a potential site, as does Swansea with its strong history and connection with the arts.
“But the idea of creating the first ever rural Guggenheim has also been mooted.
“That would be a world first for Wales, and somewhere like Pembrokeshire, with its traditional relationship with landscape art and stunning scenery could work very well.”
He added: “The key is to decide whether such a project would be a good fit for Wales, both culturally and economically.
“One question we need to answer is, would this be a good opportunity for Wales? Clearly most people would agree that it would be.
“The other question is, can we make it work economically? Personally I think we can but it is up to others to decide.”
Mr Price will present his case for a Welsh Guggenheim at Sunday School – a new event that offers a range of inspiring talks hosted in the prestigious Pierhead Building in Cardiff Bay on June 2.
John McCain may have put the final nail in his own coffin with his shameful lies about his support for veterans in last Friday's debate, and during his campaign.
From the debate transcript September 25, 2008:
John McCain: As far as our other issues that he brought up are concerned, I know the veterans. I know them well. And I know that they know that I'll take care of them. And I've been proud of their support and their recognition of my service to the veterans. And I love them. And I'll take care of them. And they know that I'll take care of them. And that's going to be my job.
Our own clammyc has done an informative diary cataloging John McCain's anti-veteran votes, McCain has a long history of voting against veterans and those currently on active duty.
McCain's Voting Record
These are just three of the more recent votes, not to mention his not voting for the new GI Bill:
May 2006: McCain voted against an amendment that would provide $20 million to the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for health care facilities.
April 2006: McCain was one of only 13 Senators to vote against $430,000,000 for the Department of Veteran Affairs for Medical Services for outpatient care and treatment for veterans.
March 2006: McCain voted against increasing Veterans medical services funding by $1.5 billion in FY 2007 to be paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
I come from a family of veterans from WWII, Viet Nam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. I know first hand how they only use(d) VA medical care as a last resort because of the poor and inadequate treatment they received in the past. The veterans and their families know this better than anyone and many are either too ashamed or too sick to complain about how they are treated. And they are outraged when McCain brags about how he takes care of veterans, how he has not forgotten them and how he honors them when they know better. McCain has voted against them time and again and now he lies about his support to fraudulently gain support for his failing campaign. My nephew served in Iraq and Afghanistan angrily talks about his lack of body armor and their lack of the proper equipment.
I did a bit of research and this press release for Veteran's Day 2007 from the US Census bureau makes for interesting reading and I believe will seal John McCain's fate.
Veteran's Day 2007
Who they are:
23.7 million
The number of military veterans in the United States in 2006.
(Source: Table 505 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2008.)
Female Veterans
1.7 million
The number of female veterans in 2006.
(Source: Table 505 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2008.)
2.4 million
The number of black veterans in 2006. Additionally, 1.1 million veterans are Hispanic; 292,000 are Asian; 169,000 are American Indian or Alaska Native; and 28,000 are Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander. (The numbers for blacks, Asians, American Indians and Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians and Other Pacific Islanders cover only those reporting a single race.) (Source: 2006 American Community Survey.)
When They Served
9.2 million
The number of veterans 65 and older in 2006. At the other end of the age spectrum, 1.9 million were younger than 35.
(Source: Table 506 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2008.)
8.2 million
Number of Vietnam-era veterans. Vietnam veterans account for more than 3-in-10 veterans, the largest share of any period of service. The next largest share of wartime veterans, 4.4 million or nearly 2-in-10, served during World War II. (From the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2004-2005.)
Where They Live
6
Number of states with 1 million or more veterans in 2006. These states are California (2.2 million), Florida (1.7 million), Texas (1.7 million), New York (1.1 million), Pennsylvania (1.1 million) and Ohio (1 million). (Source: Table 505 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States: 2008.)
Income and Poverty
$34,437
Annual median income of veterans, in 2006 inflation-adjusted dollars. (Source: 2006 American Community Survey.)
5.9%
Percentage of veterans living in poverty, as of 2006. The corresponding rate for nonveterans was 12.3 percent. (Source: 2006 American Community Survey.)
Disabilities
6.1 million
Number of veterans with a disability. More than half this number (3.5 million) were 65 and older. (Source: 2006 American Community Survey.)
Voting
17.4 million
Number of veterans who voted in the 2004 presidential election. Seventy-four percent of veterans cast a ballot, compared with 63 percent of nonveterans. (Source: Voting and Registration in the Election of November 2004.)
McCain is alienating a potential 23.7 million person voting block, men, women, blacks and hispanics, many who live below the poverty line, who are disabled and who vote in greater numbers than the population at large. Add their family members and the potential voting block grows larger.
McCain's outrageous lies about his veteran's support will most likely cost him the election. Veterans are angry because they know first hand that McCain does not support our veterans. If McCain loses the veteran's votes he loses the election.
On Jan 14, 2008, at 8:43 AM, ry dahl wrote:
are processed as follows:
callback.
code with this command:
git clone git://repo.or.cz/ebb.git
I release Ebb under the MIT license.
It is very fun to program Ebb so I suggest you do too Ry Dahl
Hey Ry-
Is glib-2.0 a dependency? It seems like 2.0 is an old version of
glib. So ebb doesn't compile on leopard out of the box. What do I need
to install to make it work?
~/ebb > make
gcc -g -Wall pkg-config --cflags glib-2.0 -I/opt/libev-2.01/include -
L/opt/libev-2.01/lib -c tcp.c -o tcp.o
Package glib-2.0 was not found in the pkg-config search path.
Perhaps you should add the directory containing `glib-2.0.pc'
to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable
No package ‘glib-2.0' found
tcp.c:18:16: error: ev.h: No such file or directory
tcp.c:19:18: error: glib.h: No such file or directory
In file included from tcp.c:23:
tcp.h:48: error: syntax error before ‘GQueue'
tcp.h:48: warning: no semicolon at end of struct or union
tcp.h:53: error: syntax error before ‘*' token
tcp.h:53: warning: type defaults to ‘int' in declaration of
‘accept_watcher'
tcp.h:53: warning: data definition has no type or storage class
tcp.h:55: error: syntax error before ‘}' token
tcp.h:72: error: syntax error before ‘ev_io'
tcp.h:72: warning: no semicolon at end of struct or union
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_client_write':
tcp.c:33: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:34: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:36: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_log'
tcp.c:36: error: ‘G_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this
function)
tcp.c:36: error: (Each undeclared identifier is reported only once
tcp.c:36: error: for each function it appears in.)
tcp.c: At top level:
tcp.c:46: warning: ‘struct ev_io' declared inside parameter list
tcp.c:46: warning: its scope is only this definition or declaration,
which is probably not what you want
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_client_on_readable':
tcp.c:48: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:52: error: ‘EV_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:53: error: ‘G_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this
function)
tcp.c:57: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:58: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:59: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:60: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:62: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:64: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:64: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:67: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_debug'
tcp.c:81: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:81: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:81: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_client_new':
tcp.c:95: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_new0'
tcp.c:95: error: syntax error before ‘tcp_client'
tcp.c:97: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:99: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:99: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:99: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:100: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:101: error: ‘G_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this
function)
tcp.c:105: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:105: error: ‘TRUE' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:107: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:113: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:115: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:115: error: syntax error before ‘struct'
tcp.c:116: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:117: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_init'
tcp.c:117: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:118: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_io_set'
tcp.c:118: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:118: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:118: error: ‘EV_READ' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:118: error: ‘EV_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:119: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_io_start'
tcp.c:119: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:119: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_client_stop_read_watcher':
tcp.c:131: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:134: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:136: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_io_stop'
tcp.c:136: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:136: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:137: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:138: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_client_free':
tcp.c:146: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_client_close':
tcp.c:153: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:155: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:156: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:156: error: ‘FALSE' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_server_new':
tcp.c:165: error: syntax error before ‘tcp_server'
tcp.c:167: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:168: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:170: error: ‘G_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this
function)
tcp.c:175: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:189: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:189: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_loop_new'
tcp.c:191: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:191: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_queue_new'
tcp.c:192: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:192: error: ‘FALSE' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_server_free':
tcp.c:203: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_queue_free'
tcp.c:203: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_server_close':
tcp.c:211: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:214: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_queue_pop_head'
tcp.c:214: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:214: warning: assignment makes pointer from integer without a cast
tcp.c:217: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:218: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:219: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:221: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:222: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:223: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:225: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:227: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:227: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:228: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:229: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:231: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_unloop'
tcp.c:231: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:231: error: ‘EVUNLOOP_ALL' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:232: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_loop_destroy'
tcp.c:232: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:233: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:235: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:236: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:236: error: ‘FALSE' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c: At top level:
tcp.c:242: warning: ‘struct ev_io' declared inside parameter list
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_server_accept':
tcp.c:244: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:247: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:248: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:251: error: ‘EV_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:252: error: ‘G_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this
function)
tcp.c:258: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘g_queue_push_head'
tcp.c:258: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:258: error: ‘gpointer' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:258: error: syntax error before ‘client'
tcp.c:260: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:261: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:261: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_server_listen':
tcp.c:276: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:277: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:280: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:281: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:283: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:284: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:284: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:285: error: ‘G_LOG_LEVEL_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this
function)
tcp.c:288: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:288: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:298: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:298: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:298: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:304: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:310: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:310: error: ‘FALSE' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:311: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:311: error: ‘TRUE' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:313: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:313: error: syntax error before ‘struct'
tcp.c:314: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:315: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:316: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:318: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:319: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:319: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:319: error: ‘EV_READ' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:319: error: ‘EV_ERROR' undeclared (first use in this function)
tcp.c:320: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:320: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:321: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘ev_loop'
tcp.c:321: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c: In function ‘tcp_server_address':
tcp.c:331: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:332: error: dereferencing pointer to incomplete type
tcp.c:335: warning: control reaches end of non-void function
make: *** [tcp.o] Error 1
Thanks
Felix Salmon has a good run down of all the various things that went wrong with the Facebook IPO. I don't really care about most of this – who cares if Facebook mis-priced the deal? Who cares if they pissed off investors? This is stuff that matters only to people who are actively playing the game.
What matters to the rest of us is the insider-trading angle.
From what I've read, that angle is: Facebook gave late, updated revenue estimates to Morgan Stanley; Morgan Stanley passed these on to select investors as part of their analysis, but not to the general public; therefore, disfavored (retail or small institutional investors) who didn't get the call were stuck with shares that the smart money knew to avoid. All of this is alleged, not proved – I'm not even sure lawsuits have been filed – but that's the gist of it.
The two extreme views about insider trading look roughly like this. On the one end are the Chicago types who argue that insider trading is good, because what makes capital markets most efficient is the swiftest dissemination of information. Regardless of where the information comes from, you want it out as swiftly as possible, so prices can incorporate it. That means putting no obstacles to disseminating that information – which means no laws against insider trading.
The opposite view points out, quite correctly, that efficiency in information distribution is not the only thing that makes markets work well. You also want depth. Depth requires a certain level of trust. That, in turn, requires believing that you are not constantly being screwed by people with inside information. Plus there's this small basic fairness issue – it really does feel like a species of fraud and corruption to let insiders profit from their position. So this extreme argues that the solution is to mandate the wide dissemination of any information that is disseminated at all. If you know something that most people don't, you can't trade on it – unless you first tell everybody.
The problem with this second viewpoint is that, taken to its logical extreme, it forbids proprietary research of any kind. After all, the product of that research either is useful (in terms of identifying profitable market-trading opportunities) or it isn't. And if it is, then it's information. Which you have. And other people don't. The whole controversy over high-frequency trading revolves around this kind of information – information gleaned from analyzing trading patterns which fast computers can take advantage of before ordinary market participants can reach for their computer. In the real world, most of these patterns are patterns of behavior exhibited by other traders, like large mutual funds. In other words, high-frequency traders are trading ahead of retail order flow, and profiting at those retail investors' expense. If there's no difference in effect between trading on a tip from the mutual fund and trading based on having watched that fund's behavior for months, then why is one evil insider trading and the other legitimate research?
Research is a Wall Street product. Back in the days of the dot-com bust, the charge was that this product was worthless – designed to sell shares, not provide a true picture of the health of companies or the likely prospects of making money by investing. The charge in the Facebook case is that the research is valuable – and therefore should have been made generally available, not only to select clients. The logical end-point of this kind of reasoning is that the Wall Street houses shouldn't provide research – they should just offer product and let the clients decide what they want to buy, without “selling” it on the merits. Except this is exactly what the major Wall Street houses did with the mortgage-backed CDOs and other structured products that destroyed the world economy. And they have been criticized for that as well.
All of this rumination is not intended to serve as a defense of Wall Street's practices. It's intended to argue that trying to insure that information disseminated by Wall Street is both accurate and generally available is a fool's errand. Accurate information is valuable, and therefore expensive. You can police the margins – and those margins may well have been crossed in this case – but the problem in intrinsic to the fact that information asymmetries arise naturally all the time, and information asymmetries are the main way people make money.
Ultimately, the way to make Wall Street work better for everybody is probably just to tax it more heavily.
Albany to ban live music (including DJs) after 2am
“If the city would just tell the police to enforce the existing laws they could deal with crowds and any other problems. They don't need this new (permit),” Spillenger said. “This is just one more attempt to turn Albany into an extremely boring city.”
According to Steve Barnes, all 25 cabaret licences awarded to establishments on Thursday require businesses to end all live music by 2am, a standard for all future licences, according to City Clerk Nala Woodard.
This is the most roundabout way to make last call 2am. I don't have any idea why it couldn't be easier to just make last call earlier rather than making all of these convoluted bans that affect the artists playing in Albany. If Troy just keeps on going about their business as usual and not making these convoluted self-serving rules, I can see the draw of nightlife to the Collar City, especially for touring DJs or other late-night acts.
Albany Music Coalition, where are you at?
The paradox of our time is that electronic devices have become smaller yet more powerful. Acer's new Chromebox is one perfect example—it's a powerful beast under the guise of a box. The Chromebox CXI-i34GKM, announced by Acer America today, features a 4th-generation Intel Core i3 4030U dual-core processor, providing more power and energy-efficiency.
Its brawn is buttressed by a 4GB DDR3 RAM, Intel HD graphics, and a 16GB Solid State Drive, the latest model capable of booting under 8 seconds, according to Acer. The Chromebox is housed in a compact chassis, and it supports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, and up to 32GB of storage via its SD port. The device also has 4 USB 3.0 ports, perfect for charging mobile devices.
Acer says that the Chromebox CXI-i34GKM is designed for consumers in the education and business sector, particularly, those who are fond of using Google's Chrome ecosystem and apps like Gmail, Google Drive, and Google Calendar. Given the powerful specs, the Chromebox is built to withstand the most demanding computing requirements.
Additionally, the Chromebox is easy to use and pre-installed with nifty web applications; the Chrome Web Store has over 30,000 apps. There's also an option to avail Google's web-based Management Console, which allows IT professionals to control a group of Chromeboxes. There's also a Powerwash feature to quickly reset the Chromebox.
The Acer Chromebox CXI-i34GKM sells for $399.99 CAD, and it's coming this month.
Museum of Natural Science offers sneak peek of expanded energy hall
Officials with the Houston Museum of Natural Science announced this week that construction of a greatly expanded Wiess Energy Hall at the museum is about 70 percent complete.
This week, the museum gave the Houston Chronicle an exclusive sneak peek of the renovated hall, which will be on the fourth floor. That space was previously used for storage and off-limits to the public.
The $40 million project was born from museum officials' idea to tell an expanded story about the science behind energy development, a field that has greatly evolved since the hall's last update.
The new hall is quadruple the size of the old hall and features many new exhibits. One of those exhibits is the Eagle Ford Shale Experience, or “EFX 3000,” which simulates a ride to the south Texas field and down into the borehole of an oil well.
A worker walks past a drill platform exhibit as construction continues on the new Weiss Energy Hall at the Houston Museum of Natural Science on Wednesday, March 1, 2017, in Houston. The exhibit is scheduled to open in November. less A worker walks past a drill platform exhibit as construction continues on the new Weiss Energy Hall at the Houston Museum of Natural Science on Wednesday, March 1, 2017, in Houston. The exhibit is scheduled to ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close Museums of Natural Science offers sneak peek of expanded energy hall 1 / 19 Back to Gallery
Also, the museum has reimagined the former “Geovator,” a simulated elevator ride through the Earth's geological layers. The new exhibit features a holographic pilot and takes visitors back in time for an attack by hungry pteranodons and meteor strike.
Not only do the new or retooled exhibits delve into the science of traditional hydrocarbon formation, many offer a detailed exploration of wind, solar and geothermal energy.
The museum plans to open “Weiss Energy Hall 3.0” to the public in November.
Toronto chief planner Jen Keesmaat is calling for the removal of the eastern Gardiner, putting her at odds with the mayor on one of the most important issues facing the city.
"This is a decision that needs to be made by looking into the future and thinking about the kind of city we want to be in the future," she said Friday. ‎"We have an opportunity to create a grand new landscape in our city."
Ms. Keesmaat made clear her position at a conference hosted by the Cultural Landscape Foundation. It emerged in an onstage conversation with former chief planner Paul Bedford, who is also in favour of removing the Gardiner east of Jarvis.
Story continues below advertisement
Mayor John Tory has spoken strongly for keeping the eastern Gardiner as an elevated highway. He says the expense of doing so – which will cost about twice as much, over the long term, as removing it – is a reasonable price to pay to avoid slowing some drivers.
The choice about the eastern end is being forced by the age of the elevated expressway, which is deteriorating. What to do with it is a decision that will ‎shape the eastern downtown for decades to come. It's the biggest issue to be weighed by council so far this term.
"We're at a moment right now that is a seminal moment," Ms. Keesmaat said during the conference. "A decision needs to be made."
The decision over the eastern stretch – with a price tag that could range up to close to $1-billion – is set to come to council in early June. And until Ms. Keesmaat spoke up it was looking as though council would make the decision without a clear opinion from senior city staff.
Tanzeel Merchant, executive director of the Ryerson City Building Institute, worries that there is a growing trend of civil servants keeping quiet.
"There is a tendency, across the board, for staff to say less and less, fearing recrimination," he said. "But I think it's a dangerous precedent because evidence-based policy is essential to making good decisions."
There are two options currently on the table: replacing the elevated Gardiner east of Jarvis with a street-level boulevard or re-building it in the same place, with some adaptation to the ramps.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Replacing the elevated roadway with a boulevard will cost $461-million to build and maintain over its life, while keeping it – an option dubbed the hybrid – will cost $919-million over the same period. Removing it will free up more land for development but will mean delays of a few minutes for a small group of drivers, according to the city's environmental assessment.
Ms. Keesmaat said after her onstage remarks that she was professionally obliged to speak up for what she believes is in the best interests of the city.
"From an official-plan policy perspective, from our secondary-plan perspective for the waterfront, which focuses on making connections and complete communities and removing barriers, the policy framework that has been firmly established, and that in city planning we are responsible for implementing, very clearly leads to this conclusion," she told The Globe and Mail.
Mr. Tory said that Ms. Keesmaat is "perfectly entitled" to her views in her role as chief planner, but reiterated his support for rebuilding the elevated highway.
"I made a difficult decision but one that I think is right overall for that balance between the economy of the city, the ability of people to get around, and the ability to develop lands both here right on the waterfront, and nearby the waterfront," he said at an unrelated press conference on Queens Quay Friday.
"We're going to have a debate, and we'll hear from lots of people, and we'll make a decision. But I've sort of set out my own position. She's set out hers."
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Bedford, the former chief planner, said such differences of opinions were standard when he was in the role. "I disagreed with the mayors of the day on all kinds of issues," he said. "That's your professional obligation to say what you think."
One year ‎ago, city staff recommended taking down the eastern Gardiner. After taking time to study yet another option, this month they presented a report that didn't make a recommendation.
That report was followed by a meeting of the key Public Works and Infrastructure committee. After a full day of debate and discussion, it opted not to take a position, punting the decision ‎to the full council next month.
With a report from Ann Hui
Image: WoodleyWonderWorks/Flickr
When families go to buy a new home, they're most often looking for a couple things: Good schools, a safe neighborhood, maybe something that's near public transportation. And, increasingly and undeniably, access to gigabit internet service.
Cities and towns across the country are beginning to see next generation internet access as a necessity, citing its impact on property values, rents, and overall economic health.
Take Austin, Texas, for instance. Yes, it's been a city on the rise for more than a decade now, and it's got a legendary music scene, a good university, and a hip vibe. But it's also got Google Fiber, which has helped the city solidify itself as a tech hub.
In lots of cases, it's a chicken-and-egg situation: Cities with gigabit internet service are doing well economically (and have the real estate numbers to prove it), but there aren't solid stats to prove causation at the moment.
If we had a choice, we would pick a place to live that has really good service
"Fiber availability may drive real estate prices upwards. An unobserved variable may jointly determine both real estate prices and fiber presence," Gabor Molnar, a telecommunications researcher at the University of Colorado wrote in a paper last year. "Alternatively, both might be correct. Residential properties in markets with high-speed broadband access would be expected to have greater value. However, good quality broadband infrastructure is also expected to be rolled out first in high-income areas with high-valued real estate."
Molnar's study was the first large-scale study done in the United States on the hypothesis, and he ultimately concluded that that the "early results are strong enough to justify further research." It's also worth noting that Google came under fire for allegations of providing fiber first in neighborhoods that were already rich.
Anecdotally, cities and the people who want to live in them say they need fast internet to be competitive, and they don't necessarily need a study to prove it to them.
"It's getting to the point where, if my neighboring community has a gig and we're still doing satellite, the property value in that town is going to go up," Deb Socia, director of Next Century Cities, a coalition of cities trying to provide gigabit internet speeds to their citizens, told me. "You're going to lose people and you're going to lose revenue without it. I'm hearing it from folks in different chambers of commerce, in real estate, in politics. I wouldn't have necessarily thought of it if I hadn't heard it from them."
fiber optic internet adds roughly $5,250 to the value of a $300,000 home
Austin has one of the strongest real estate markets in the country, and cities with municipally owned fiber like Wilson, North Carolina and Chattanooga, Tennessee, are doing extremely well as far as small cities go. A recent study by Wichita State University noted that the "Kansas City housing market is clearly on the rebound" and that home values were expected to rise 2.7 percent in 2014, roughly a year after Google Fiber came to the city.
Though not a ton of research has been done on the subject, there are some other initial studies that back up the idea. A study by RVA LLC Market Research and Consulting that was shared with me by Drew Clark, an attorney with the Kirton McConkie law firm who is working with cities to bring gigabit fiber to residents, found that fiber optic internet adds roughly $5,250 to the value of a $300,000 home. A British study found that people in London are willing to pay 8 percent above market prices for homes and apartments that have high speed internet.
Clark says that it's not just the handful of cities who have joined Socia's coalition: More than 1,100 cities asked Google to build fiber in their municipalities, and, regardless of whether or not they eventually get picked, they're looking for ways to either build it themselves or partner with someone who will do it for them.
"They're asking, is there a way for us to be involved or do this on our own?," he told me. "And then they're looking at it and seeing that most municipal fiber projects have been doing quite well in meeting their objectives."
When you think about it, it's quite an obvious thing for a city and a person to want, and it goes well beyond just being able to binge watch TV shows. Patrick Lucey, a municipal fiber researcher at the Open Technology Institute, told me that cities are seeing this as a necessity, period.
"It's not just about broadband internet so you can watch Netflix," he told me. "It's about making sure schools and first responders have the bandwidth capabilities they need, it's about letting businesses take advantage of that speed."
"If we had a choice, we would pick a place to live that has really good service," Socia said. Wouldn't you?
Officers swooped on home in 1991 to seize evidence of Labour MP's child sex abuse
By Alex Varley-Winter | 27 June 2015
Police face accusations that they staged a raid to seize evidence of paedophilia by then Labour MP Greville Janner as part of a massive cover-up.
Exaro has obtained a sensational statement by a former police officer who gave a detailed account of how he was arrested and his home raided in 1991 in an attempt to collect personal letters between Janner and a boy whom the influential politician is alleged to have sexually abused.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is overseeing an investigation into the claims of cover-up by Leicestershire Constabulary.
The former police officer, Ian Henning, had become a legal clerk for a law firm in Leicester. He was part of the legal team for Frank Beck, a warden for children's homes in Leicestershire, who was given five jail sentences of life for child sex abuse.
In his statement, Henning includes a series of staggering quotes from Leicestershire detectives who talked to him about Janner and child sex abuse in the run-up to the Beck trial. Janner was a backbench MP in Leicester from 1970 to 1997.
“We (police) have known about Janner and young boys for ages,” reports Henning in the statement. Officers told him that he “must be the only person in Leicester” who did not know, his statement said. Scotland Yard had “a file on him for abusing kids in Notting Hill”.
They also said, according to Henning's statement, that Janner and the then chief constable, the late Michael Hirst, were “close personal friends”. In other documents, Henning said that Janner and Hirst were fellow freemasons.
“Strings are being pulled up above,” Henning quoted officers as saying. Police officers “repeatedly” told him: “Greville Janner will be covered up.”
Detectives had a detailed statement from one boy on how Janner sexually abused him, along with a host of supporting evidence.
They also believed that Janner “had buggered at least two other children” who were in care, wrote Henning.
The boy's evidence and a few sentences from Henning's statement have previously been reported.
But Exaro has obtained Henning's entire statement, and today publishes more than 4,000 words of explosive extracts.
Henning, who worked for the Metropolitan Police Service for 18 years, was raided the week after Beck was convicted of 17 counts of sexual abuse of children in his care.
The ex-officer's statement of 1993 was for a judicial review to overturn what he said was a ban by Leicestershire Constabulary on his visiting police stations to accompany clients to interviews.
The police raid on his partner's house, where he lived, was carried out the day after he was given permission to seek judicial review.
The judicial review itself was later rejected, but he was granted leave to appeal.
Before the appeal was heard, however, Henning died in a road accident in 1995.
His arrest, meanwhile, resulted in no further action.
The disclosures from his statement come after Alison Saunders, director of public prosecutions, provoked fury in April when she announced her refusal to prosecute Janner for 22 counts of child sex abuse following an exhaustive investigation by Leicestershire Constabulary over the past two years.
The Daily Mail reported today that a review commissioned by the DPP will recommend a reversal of her decision, meaning at least a “trial of the facts”.
On Tuesday, Simon Danczuk, Labour MP, told Parliament about the recent police investigation into Janner. “Children being violated, raped and tortured, some in the very building in which we now sit,” he said.
The DPP also said in April that Janner should have been prosecuted on three previous occasions, including 1991 when claims surfaced in the Beck investigation.
Tony Blair, as prime minister, made Janner a Lord in 1997.
Janner always denied claims that he was a paedophile, standing up in Parliament to defend his reputation after allegations were made in court during the Beck case that he sexually abused a boy. Several other MPs leapt to his defence at the time.
Exaro today publishes extracts from the Henning statement on the raid on his home.
And Exaro has also compiled extracts in which Henning details what the police told him about Janner and child sex abuse all those years ago.
Additional research by Matthew Gilley and Samuel Osborne.
Related Stories : Child sex abuse, ‘Fernbridge' and ‘Fairbank': Exaro story thread
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Staff and visitors to the new Liverpool Everyman talk about the building
Liverpool's newly rebuilt Everyman Theatre has won the Riba Stirling Prize for best new building of the year.
The venue beat five other buildings to win the honour - the Royal Institute of British Architects' highest accolade.
Riba president Stephen Hodder called the Everyman an "exceptional new building".
"It is a ground-breaking example of how to build a daring bold and highly sustainable large public building in a historic city centre," he said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The original theatre was taken down brick by brick and each one reused in the new building
The Everyman Theatre - famed for launching the careers of actors including Bill Nighy, Julie Walters and Pete Postlethwaite - first opened in 1964 in the shell of a 19th Century chapel on one of Liverpool's main streets.
However over the years it fell into a state of disrepair and architects Haworth Tompkins were tasked with designing a new theatre as part of a nine-year £27m rebuilding project, retaining its theme of being a "theatre for the people".
The building's facade features 105 punched aluminium panels portraying life-size images of Liverpool residents. Thousands queued to have their pictures taken, with the successful applicants having digital versions of their pictures etched onto the metal sun shades.
Image copyright Philip Vile Image caption The rebuilding process was boosted by £17m of National Lottery funding
"The success of this exceptional new building lies in the architect's close involvement with the local community throughout the project," Mr Hodder said.
"Haworth Tompkins have struck the perfect balance between continuity and change to win the hearts and minds of the people of Liverpool with the vibrant new Everyman."
The theatre said it was "thrilled" to win the award.
"The Everyman was built with humanity at its heart," artistic director Gemma Bodinetz said.
"Since we reopened, the warmth of feeling from the public to their much-loved Everyman - given a daring and brilliant rebirth - has been almost overwhelming.
"Haworth Tompkins have delivered us a building that is sustainable, technically first rate and with unparalleled levels of accessibility for a theatre."
Everyman Theatre - interactive video
Image copyright Philip Vile
Known locally as the "Ev", it was originally housed in a 19th Century chapel
Redesign set out to maintain its "grubbiness" and history
Taken down brick by brick, so each could be re-used in the new building
See the theatre in full in BBC Magazine's interactive video
Steve Tompkins of Haworth Tompkins said: "Winning the Riba Stirling Prize is an enormous honour for our project team and our clients, the reward for an intensive collaboration over almost a decade, during which we have grown to love the Everyman and the great city that it serves.
"It is also an important endorsement of our studio's ethos and an encouragement to carry on working the way we do, despite the pressures all of us are under to speed up and dumb down. We couldn't be more delighted."
The other shortlisted buildings included London's Shard and the Library of Birmingham - which topped the BBC News website readers' poll with 30% of about 90,000 votes.
Manchester School of Art, the London Aquatics Centre and the LSE Student Centre were also nominated.
Last year's winner was Astley Castle in Warwickshire, a modern holiday home inserted into the walls of an ancient castle.
Several other awards were also announced on Thursday with Stormy Castle on Gower Peninsula in Wales winning the 2014 RIBA Manser Medal for the best new private home.
House No 7 on Isle of Tiree in Scotland, won the Stephen Lawrence Prize for the best project with a construction budget of less than £1m.
It was only one practice, and much of it wasn't open to the media or outsiders, but the early returns for Bulls point guard Derrick Rose at USA Basketball's training camp Monday in Las Vegas appear positive.
“He (looks) better than he did four years ago,” Team USA coach Mike Krzyzewski said, according to Sports Illustrated's Ben Golliver.
It was in 2010 when Rose was part of the USA squad that won the FIBA World Championship, a run that was a springboard to an MVP season for him. It's a different feel this time around as Rose is coming off two devastating knee injuries in the past couple years — the most recent in November 2013 that kept him out of almost the entire Bulls season — but Rose reported no pain in Monday's practice.
“They're good,” Rose said, according to the Tribune's K.C. Johnson. “There's no pain.”
Everyone around Rose has said his explosiveness has returned, and he looked the part in videos posted on social media by the NBA.
Derrick Rose attacks for the and1 at @usabasketball practice! vine.co/v/M0LJAAthnl7 —
(@NBA) July 28, 2014
In Las Vegas, Rose is battling the likes of Stephen Curry, Damian Lillard, John Wall and Kyrie Irving at the point guard position. Those who make the cut will continue on to the World Cup in Spain in late August and mid-September. There are 19 players at camp, and 12 will be selected.
You've forgotten to buy a costume, your pumpkin has gone soft, and it's probably going to be cold and dark on Halloween. Let's be honest, there's not much of an incentive for going outside on Monday night so why not stay at home with these free horror titles?
Flash Frozen
Ships are one of the most common locales for horror stories; they are vast, creepy, and there's no escape if something goes wrong. Flash Frozen, an award-winning title, plays on each of these traits by casting the player in the role of a passenger trapped on a sinking ship – with an icy antagonist hunting them down.A first-person game made in the Unity engine, Flash Frozen has the player fighting off hypothermia as their situation deteriorates. The title has echoes of games like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, in that you'll have to run from your enemies if you want to survive and you'll spend most of the game jumping at your own shadow.
Ascension
The popularity of free horror titles owes a great deal to games like Ascension – it's a brave, gorgeous game that wears its retro influences on its sleeve. Beginning in a meadow at dusk, Ascension is a side-scrolling adventure that focusses on a groundskeeper separated from his daughter after an accident. As night falls, strange creatures emerge.
It might be a little slow for some tastes but Ascension is a must-play for fans of similar titles, Home and Lone Survivor. It manages to be creepy by limiting the players' viewpoint to the width of a torch beam, which means that it's not always easy to tell what you're sharing a room with. There are also no weapons so running is your only defense.
Halloweenies
Online casinos have a long tradition of including seasonal themes and imagery on their reels and online slots from 32Red UK are no different. Halloweenies, for example, is a five-reel game with 20 paylines. The machine includes two mini games – a coin bonus board (Pick a Pumpkin) which activates whenever three pumpkin decals land on the reels, and a free slots game, beginning with the appearance of three pink rabbits. And to celebrate the holiday in style, 32Red offers players to earn their share of a £20,000 Halloween bonus until the end of October.
Monster Mania, which you can also play at Instacasino, is a colorful five-reel, nine-payline game in a similar vein. There's also Peek-a-Boo 5 Reels, a 40-payline slot machine with a ghost-hunting theme, and So Many Monsters. The latter is a popular game online, and can be played at Lucky247 as well. Newcomers to slot machines don't even have to make a deposit to play on many sites, as you can sign up and practice for free.
Lurking
Lurking is a unique game that forces the player to choose between being able to see and remaining hidden from enemies, as the world around them only appears when they make a sound – but it's these same audio cues that alert monsters to your presence. The result is an incredibly claustrophobic experience.
If you're feeling especially brave, you can play Lurking with the Oculus Rift and a microphone (to make your own noises). The creator is also working on a follow-up game, Stifled, which is a multi-award-winning title currently making the rounds on Steam Greenlight.
Bad Dream
Bad Dream is something different altogether. A minimalist point-and-click adventure, this strange adventure is split into six different ‘dreams' that offer around 20 minutes of gameplay apiece, with locations varying from a graveyard to a hospital. The game is presented as a series of drawings in which you'll need to find clues and objects to aid your progress.
Bad Dream is definitely an acquired taste but the various episodes are sufficiently short and creepy to enhance any Halloween party. However, Bad Dream's greatest achievement is its atmosphere; the game somehow manages to be both suspenseful and deeply unsettling despite – or because of – its unusual presentation.
Notes of Obsession
Superficially similar to Gone Home, a game about finding answers to a missing family in their own home, Notes of Obsession is a class project by 17 students from Skövde in Sweden – and it's a remarkable achievement; the game could easily pass for a AAA title, despite the fact that it costs nothing at all.
It's a risky thing to say, given the caliber of the competition, but Notes of Obsession is a great alternative to the cancelled P.T. and the delayed Allison Road. A unique gameplay mechanic involving a music box means that you never know what horrors your actions might invoke until the music stands playing.
If you don't do anything else for Halloween this weekend, make sure you download one of the above titles – and turn the lights off.
Michael Bisping: Fighter, mixed martial arts (MMA) analyst ... life coach?
"The Count" was a recent guest on UFC Tonight, and had some career advice for Luke Rockhold, who is currently waiting for Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) to find him an opponent. In the interim, he can probably help his own cause by ditching his teenage friends.
Says Bisping:
"When Luke Rockhold is done making a douche bag out of himself, hanging out at pool parties with teenagers, if he wants to get back to business and step into the Octagon, I'm the man for the job. After his last fight, he called me out. But then he said he hurt his little pinky toe. If his toe's healed up, and he wants to get back to business, we can go toe to toe, or pinky to pinky."
Not so fast.
Bisping first has to get past Cung Le at the UFC Fight Night 48 event, which takes place on Saturday, August 23, 2014 at CotaiArena in Macao, China, live on Fight Pass. But if and when the brash Brit gets the job done against Le -- who like Rockhold once held gold for Strikeforce -- then his schedule is free and clear.
Assuming this doesn't happen, perhaps they can finally settle this longtime war of words.
Note: The 3-step test issue in these negotiations can be confusing, and some of the technical details are both not obvious and a matter of some controversy among experts. The basic contours of the negotiation are that copyright owners want a restrictive test to be applied to limit the permitted exceptions in national copyright laws. The so-called 3-step test is found with various wordings in parts of the Berne Convention, the WTO TRIPS Agreement, the 1996 WIPO Copyright treaties (WCT and WPPT), and the new Beijing treaty. One part of the controversy concerns how the 3-step test actually works (what is the test?). Another concerns the application of the test to certain parts of the Berne Convention that are not now subject to the 3-step test (Such as Berne Article 2bis, 10, 10bis, 11bis(2), 13(1) and the Berne Appendix, as well as flexibilities in related rights treaties, or in the TRIPS, including TRIPS limits on remedies for infringement. What you can see in the leaked text is that the USA takes the most right-holder friendly position, followed closely by Australia. It is not obvious the USTR position is in the Interest of the USA itself, which has a strong technology and fair use industry, but they do reflect the influence of special interest copyright lobbies with USTR.
Below is a leak of the negotiating text from the TPP trade agreement, on copyright limitations and exceptions. For some additional context on this issue, see: “What does the secret TPPA text say about copyright exceptions?” /node/1451,
“Berne Exceptions not subject to 3-step test” /node/1518, and the Peter Jaszi, Michael Carroll and Sean Flynn statemen: http://infojustice.org/archives/26799.
Note that the US and Australia are both presenting very restrictive text, and Peru and Singapore are both willing to accommodate the bad language. For example, see:
“US/AU oppose: Paragraph 1 permits a party to carry forward and appropriately extend into the digital environment limitations and exceptions in its domestic laws. Similarly, these provisions permit a Party to devise new”
and
93 Negotiators's Note: SG/PE: Can accept both versions of paragraph 1.
What was presented by USTR with great fanfare as language on “balance in providing limitations and exceptions” is preceded with this language which actually makes the TPPA more restrictive than the TRIPS or the WCT: “Subject to and consistent with paragraph (1).”
Among other things, this puts copyright exceptions for “criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research” under a restrictive 3-step test, even in the areas where the Berne Convention and the TRIPS have different standards for exceptions, such as fair practice, or a total green light.
The leaked text follows:
Article QQ.G.16: Limitations and Exceptions [US:
1. [US/AU: With respect to this Article [(Article 4 on copyright) and Article 5 and 6 (which deal with copyright and related rights section and the related rights section)], each Party shall confine limitations or exceptions to exclusive rights to certain special cases that do not conflict with a normal exploitation of the work, performance, or phonogram, and do not unreasonably prejudice the legitimate interests of the right holder.] 2. Subject to and consistent with paragraph (1), each Party shall seek to achieve an appropriate balance in providing limitations or exceptions, including those for the digital environment, giving due consideration to legitimate purposes such as, but no limited to, criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research.92] [NZ/CL/MY/BN/VN propose; AU/US oppose93: 1. Each party may provide for limitations and exceptions to copyrights, related rights, and legal protections for technological protections measures and rights management information included in this Chapter, in accordance with its domestic laws and relevant international treaties that each are party to.] [US/AU propose: With respect to this Article and Articles 5 and 6, each party shall confine limitations or exceptions to exclusive rights to certain special cases that do not conflict with a normal exploitation of the work, performance or phonogram, and do not unreasonably prejudice the legitimate interests of the right holder.] 2. [NZ/CL/MY/BN/VN propose; US/AU oppose: Paragraph 1 permits a party to carry forward and appropriately extend into the digital environment limitations and exceptions in its domestic laws. Similarly, these provisions permit a Party to devise new] [US/AU propose; NZ/CL/MY/BN/VN oppose: its understood that each party may, consistent with the foregoing, adopt or maintain] exceptions and limitations for the digital environment.] —
92 [US: For purposes of greater clarity, a use that has commercial aspects may in appropriate circumstances be considered to have a legitimate purpose under paragraph 2]
93 Negotiators's Note: SG/PE: Can accept both versions of paragraph 1.
Note that Australia is not shown asking for this provision that they have in their current AU/US/FTA
(c) unless otherwise specifically provided in this Chapter, nothing in this Article shall be construed as reducing or extending the scope of applicability of the limitations and exceptions permitted under the agreements referred to in Articles 17.1.2 and 17.1.4 and the TRIPS Agreement.
USTR is putting US Fair use exceptions at risk, by creating a situation where Berne Articles: 2(4,7), 2.bis, 10 and 10bis provide special flexibility, but for which USTR proposes be put under the 3 step test in the TPP. The US/AU proposal is also narrowing the flexibilities for related rights, and making compulsory licenses or liability rules more difficult — something important for solutions to the orphan works problem.
Dear Congress: WHY IS THIS NEGOTIATING TEXT KEEP SECRET FROM THE PUBLIC?
Leaks are hard to come by, and do not invite as much scrutiny as official versions that are shared with the public.
In a final interview to Israeli media on Tuesday, US President Barack Obama cast doubt on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's support for the two-state solution, while warning that “unfettered support” by the US for West Bank settlements would lead to a “worsening situation” between Israeli and Palestinians.
The president gave the farewell tete-a-tete to Channel 2's Ilana Dayan on the “Uvda” show, which aired 10 days before the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump.
Trump has promised to move the US Embassy to Jerusalem, a step not taken by a US president despite several campaign promises over the years. Trump's future ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, is an unequivocal supporter of West Bank settlements.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Obama charged that Netanyahu's actions indicate that he doesn't support a two-state solution with the Palestinians, pointing to the acceleration of settlement construction in recent years “that was not compelled by Israel's security.”
“The settlement issue has become a barrier to a two-state solution. Bibi says he that believes in two-state solution and yet his actions have consistently shown that if he's pressured to approve more settlements he will do so, regardless of what he says of the importance of a two-state solution,” said Obama.
“If the notion is that unfettered support for Israel — or, more specifically, support for the Netanyahu government's policies, no matter what they are, no matter how inimical they may be to the prospects for peace — if that what's qualifies as a good friend, then I think that we will see a worsening situation over time,” Obama said. “Because the truth is that this won't get solved unless the Israeli people and the Palestinians want to solve it.”
He added: “Increasingly what you are seeing is that the facts on the ground are making it almost impossible, at least very difficult –and if this trendline continues, impossible — to create a contiguous, functioning Palestinian state.”
Netanyahu has accused the Obama administration of colluding with the Palestinians when it abstained last month from voting on a UN Security Council resolution condemning settlements. On Tuesday, Netanyahu reiterated that claim, saying Israel had “solid information” that proved the US was behind the drafting of the resolution.
Obama dismissed the allegations that Resolution 2334 was initiated by the White House: “We did not prompt it, we did not encourage it,” Obama said.
The outgoing president was asked about Netanyahu's specific description of the UN move as a “shameful, anti-Israeli ploy.” Did he understand the Israeli “sense of betrayal”? interviewer Ilana Dayan asked.
“No,” Obama replied. “I'll be honest with you: That kind of hyperbole, those kinds of statements, don't have a basis in fact.
“They may work well with respect to deflecting attention from the problem of settlements,” the president continued. “They may play well with Bibi's political base, as well as the Republican base here in the United States, but they don't match up with the facts.”
Pressed on whether allowing the resolution to pass was the right thing to do so soon before the end of his presidency, Obama responded: “The fact of the matter is that I'm president until January 20, and I have an obligation to do what I think is right.”
Obama said the US would have vetoed anything that didn't contain a “balanced statement” condemning what it sees as Israeli and Palestinian missteps, and said the resolution was the “best move” for peace.
“I did believe it was important to send a signal and to lift up the facts that so often get buried under other news in terms of what is happening with settlements in the West Bank,” he said. “I have an obligation to do what I think is right.”
The president said he believed the US's abstention “was the best move for peace.” Resolution 2334 was consistent with Washington's position on West Bank settlements, and it was “patently false” that it was in any way remarkable in that respect, he said.
Obama was asked whether he had more surprises up his sleeve or whether Netanyahu could sleep soundly until January 20. “Well, I think there's an interesting question as to whether he'll sleep better after January 20,” Obama responded dryly, intimating that relations between Netanyahu and incoming president Trump might not be as trouble-free as some in the Israeli leadership may be anticipating.
Obama said his administration would veto any resolution that predetermined the outcome of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks. “A resolution that outlines [a] final status, that would not be appropriate,” he said. “Because the truth is this won't get solved unless the Israeli people and Palestinian people want to solve it.”
As he has in the past when faced with criticism on Israel, Obama said he had Israel's best interests in mind and had always ensured Israel's security, and that “established traditions of the Zionist movement in Israel are consistent with the values that I have tried to live by.” He added later that even if Israel continues expanding settlements, robust support for Israel in Congress means “the United States will still be there” as an ally.
Obama also said his administration had consistently pressed the Palestinian leadership to end violence against Israelis.
“This idea that somehow we haven't been tough on the Palestinians: We are constantly hectoring the Palestinians about an end to incitement, about an end to to violence,” he said.
He warned that the “prospects for peace are fading away… in small increments,” in part because of the West Banks settlements eroding the possibility of a viable future Palestinian state alongside a Jewish one.
Pushed by Dayan, the US president acknowledged a difference between East Jerusalem, settlement blocs, and isolated settlements in the West Bank.
“All of us would recognize that in any final resolution, there are portions of what would be considered currently as occupied territory that would become part of Israel,” he said. “That's when strategic depth comes in, that's when historical issues like the Western Wall would come into play.”
“Even Israel acknowledges the status of East Jerusalem is a live issue in negotiations,” he added.
In the half-hour interview, Obama stood by his decisions and defended his legacy, saying that while he had “deep disagreements” with Netanyahu “on certain issues,” he was a steadfast supporter of Israel.
“Our commitment to Israel's security has been unwavering,” the president asserted.
“I will do everything necessary to make sure Israel is in a position of strength, that it can defend itself by itself,” he said. “Because of that strength, then, you are in a position to take some risks for peace. Not stupid risks, not reckless risks, but some risks.”
Obama and Netanyahu had an often acrimonious relationship, clashing over settlement building, peace talks and the 2015 agreement on Iran's nuclear program. The agreement, negotiated between Iran and six world powers led by the US, freezes Iran's nuclear activities in return for a lifting of sanctions.
Netanyahu lambasted the deal as a capitulation to Iran, including in a controversial speech before Congress in 2015. But Obama insisted that Israeli officials agree the pact has helped Israel.
“Israeli military and intelligence teams say this deal works to achieve the narrow goal that we set out,” Obama said. “I was called someone who was betraying Israeli interests, and we actually have proof now, because we can take a look, and lo and behold, my tough-minded negotiation … has resulted in a much lower possibility of one of Israel's most powerful enemies obtaining a weapon that would threaten Israel's existence.”
Asked if Netanyahu could look forward to having a friend in the White House when Trump comes to power, Obama said: “He had a good friend, just Bibi did not always recognize it.”
“He had a good friend in the last eight years,” Obama added.
Israel's UN Ambassador Danny Danon responded to the Obama interview by saying that “Despite the close cooperation between Israel and the United States during the years of the Obama administration, it is unfortunate that this presidency will be remembered for the disturbing sight of the Security Council members applauding as the anti-Israel resolution was adopted.
“The fact that Israel was left on its own in the Security Council by President Obama cannot be changed.”
Times of Israel staff, JTA and Agencies contributed to this report.
Pep Guardiola has suggested his quality may not match that of his Manchester City squad
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has defended his "amazing" players and said maybe he is not good enough for them.
City have lacked consistency since opening the season with 10 successive wins, and Guardiola conceded defeat in the title race after last weekend's 4-0 loss at Everton left them 10 points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Their form has raised questions over the quality of Guardiola's squad and whether he believes he has the right players.
Sky Sports' Spanish football expert Guillem Balague thinks Guardiola is struggling to find a winning formula Sky Sports' Spanish football expert Guillem Balague thinks Guardiola is struggling to find a winning formula
He said: "They are good players. I have respect for the guys, so why would I say the guys are not good?
"So I don't understand the lack of respect for the professionals when they have been amazing players, and [people saying] they are not good enough for me. Maybe I am not good enough for them.
"They are Manchester City players, top players. They have a lot of quality. They have shown that many times in the past and this season."
Former City defender Danny Mills thinks Guardiola is reaching a crisis point Former City defender Danny Mills thinks Guardiola is reaching a crisis point
One player who has come in for regular criticism is goalkeeper Claudio Bravo, who was brought in by Guardiola to replace England No 1 Joe Hart earlier in the campaign.
The 33-year-old Chilean did not make a single save last week as Everton scored from all four of their shots at Goodison Park, but Guardiola feels he himself must shoulder some of the blame for that.
Guardiola has not settled on a regular defensive line this term, making numerous changes in terms of both personnel and formation.
Guardiola says his side must stick together after their poor run of results Guardiola says his side must stick together after their poor run of results
Asked if this may have been an issue, Guardiola said: "Maybe, maybe. Yes, maybe. Yes, [I take] all the responsibility as a manager.
"I never in my life - never - say the reason why we lost is because of Claudio Bravo. It's one of the reasons why, but there are many many other reasons why.
"Maybe the reason why is because we changed the defence - maybe - but we will never know that."
One of the surprising moments on the Jack Daniel Distillery tour in Lynchburg, Tenn. was seeing the thing that killed the famous whiskey founder.
Jasper Newton “Jack” Daniel ran away from home when he was seven, some time in the 1850s, and moved in with Reverend Dan Call and helped him with his whiskey business.
Call later adopted Jack and eventually sold him his whiskey business.
“Church people started talking about how the minister was working for God on Sunday and then making liquor on Monday.
In order to keep the church family happy the Minister sold the business to Jack for $US25,” said distillery guide Jesse James.
Decades later Daniel came into work early one morning before anyone else had arrived at the distillery.
He wanted to complete some paperwork and needed to open the safe. He had trouble remembering the combination, however, and grew so frustrated that he kicked the safe with his left foot.
Tour guides joke that Daniel could have saved himself by dipping his toe in whiskey.
Instead, the blow to his big toe gave him a nasty infection and his foot had to be amputated.
The gangrene continued to spread throughout his system and he eventually lost his left leg due to poor blood circulation.
Daniel, who never married and had no children, began turning more of the company's operations over to his favourite nephew Lem Motlow and eventually gave him the business.
He died due to complications from the gangrene infection on Oct. 9, 1911 at the age of 61.
The company was sold in 1956 to the Brown-Forman Corp., but the Motlow family is still the majority owner and continues to operate and manage the company.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Vizcaya sometime between 1893 and 1898 History Spain Name: Vizcaya Namesake: Vizcaya, a Spanish province. Builder: Bilbao, Spain Laid down: 1889 Launched: 8 July 1891 Completed: 1893 Fate: Sunk 3 July 1898 General characteristics Class and type: Infanta Maria Teresa-class armored cruiser Displacement: 6,890 tons Length: 364 ft 0 in (110.95 m) Beam: 65 ft 2 in (19.86 m) Draft: 21 ft 6 in (6.55 m) maximum Installed power: 13,700 ihp (10,200 kW) Propulsion: 2-shaft vertical triple expansion Speed: 20.2 kn (37.4 km/h; 23.2 mph) (forced draft) Endurance: 1,050 tons of coal (normal) Complement: 484 officers and enlisted Armament: 2 × 11 in (279 mm) guns
10 × 5.5-inch (140 mm) guns
8 × 12 pdr quick-firing guns
10 × 3 pdr Hotchkiss revolvers
8 × Nordenfeld machine guns,
2 × Maxim machine guns
8 × torpedo tubes (2 submerged) Armor: Belt: 12–10 in (305–254 mm);
Barbettes: 9 in (229 mm)
Conning tower: 12 in (305 mm)
Deck: 2–3 in (51–76 mm)
Vizcaya was an Infanta Maria Teresa-class armored cruiser of the Spanish Navy that fought at the Battle of Santiago de Cuba during the Spanish–American War.
Technical characteristics [ edit ]
Vizcaya with her appearance in 1898 Profile ofwith her appearance in 1898
Vizcaya after the Battle of Santiago de Cuba. The wreck ofafter the Battle of Santiago de Cuba.
Vizcaya′s 11-inch (279-mm) gun turrets in a photograph taken aboard her wreck after the Battle of Santiago de Cuba. One of′s 11-inch (279-mm) gun turrets in a photograph taken aboard her wreck after the Battle of Santiago de Cuba.
Vizcaya was built at Bilbao, Spain. She was laid down in 1889, launched on 8 July 1891, and completed in 1893.[1] She had two funnels and was fast and well armed. Her main armament was mounted on the center line in single barbettes fore and aft. Her armor was poor: her 11-inch (279 mm) guns had only lightly armored hoods, her 5.5-inch (140 mm) guns were mounted in the open on the upper deck, her armor belt was thin and protected only two-thirds of her length, and she had a high, unprotected freeboard that took much damage during the Battle of Santiago de Cuba. Like other nineteenth-century warships, she was heavily furnished and decorated with wood, which the Spanish failed to remove prior to combat and which would feed fires during the battle.[2]
Operational history [ edit ]
Vizcaya was visiting New York City on a friendly visit to reciprocate for the visit of battleship USS Maine to Havana, Cuba, when Maine exploded and sank at Havana on 15 February 1898. Vizcaya then steamed to Havana, where she rendezvoused with her sister ship Almirante Oquendo. Ordered back across the Atlantic as war approached, both ships was assigned to the Spanish Navy's 1st Squadron, which was concentrating at São Vicente in Portugal's Cape Verde Islands under Vice Admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete. They arrived at São Vicente on 19 April 1898. It was noted that Vizcaya badly needed drydocking because of a badly fouled bottom, her 5.5-inch guns had defective breech mechanisms and had been supplied with defective ammunition, and the fleet had a shortage of stokers.[citation needed]
The Spanish–American War began while Vizcaya was at São Vicente. Ordered by neutral Portugal in accordance with international law to leave São Vicente within 24 hours of the declaration of war, Vizcaya and the rest of Cervera's squadron departed on 29 April 1898, bound for San Juan, Puerto Rico. Cervera's ships reached French-owned Martinique in the Lesser Antilles on 10 May 1898. While Vizcaya and the other large ships loitered in international waters, two Spanish destroyers went into Fort-de-France to ask for coal. France was neutral and would not supply coal, so the Spanish squadron departed on 12 May 1898 for Dutch-owned Curaçao, where Cervera expected to meet a collier. Cervera arrived at Willemstad on 14 May, but the Netherlands also was neutral, and strictly enforced its neutrality by allowing only Vizcaya and her sister ship Infanta Maria Teresa to enter port and permitting them to load only 600 tons of coal. On 15 May, Cervera's ships departed, no longer bound for San Juan, which by now was under a U.S. Navy blockade, but for as-yet unblockaded Santiago de Cuba on the southeastern coast of Cuba, arriving there on 19 May 1898. Cervera hoped to refit his ships there before he could be trapped. His squadron was still in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba when an American squadron arrived on 27 May 1898 and began a blockade which would drag on for 37 days.
Some action occurred during the blockade. On 3 June 1898, the U.S. Navy steamed the collier USS Merrimac into the entrance channel to the harbor, hoping to scuttle her so as to block the channel and trap the Spanish ships inside. Spanish shore batteries already had disabled Merrimac when she drifted up the channel to a point where the Spanish ships could fire on her as well. Vizcaya, the unprotected cruiser Reina Mercedes, and the destroyer Pluton all opened fire, and Merrimac quickly sank in a position that did not block the entrance. Vizcaya hit the bridge of Merrimac with several 5.5-inch rounds.[3]
The blockade wore on, with Vizcaya and the others enduring occasional American naval bombardments of the harbor. Vizcaya still had two 5.5-inch guns out of commission, 80 percent of the 5.5-inch ammunition was defective, and nothing could be done under the circumstances about her terribly fouled bottom. Some of her men joined others from the fleet in a Naval Brigade to fight against a U.S. Army overland drive toward Santiago de Cuba.
By the beginning of July 1898, that drive threatened to capture Santiago de Cuba, and Cervera decided that his squadron's only hope was to try to escape into the open sea by running the blockade. The decision was made on 1 July 1898, with the break-out set for 3 July 1898. The crew of Vizcaya spent 2 July 1898 returning from Naval Brigade service and preparing for action. Vizcaya was to be the second ship in line during the escape, following Cervera's flagship Infanta Maria Teresa; while Infanta Maria Teresa was sacrificed by attacking the fastest American ship, the armored cruiser USS Brooklyn, Vizcaya and the others were to put on all the speed they could and run westward for the open sea.
At about 0845 hours on 3 July 1898, the Spanish ships got underway. The U.S. squadron sighted the Spanish ships in the channel at about 0935, and the Battle of Santiago de Cuba began.
While their squadron mates turned to starboard and put on steam for a run to the west behind them, Vizcaya followed Infanta Maria Teresa closely as she charged Brooklyn as if to ram. When Brooklyn turned away to the east, Vizcaya and Infanta Maria Teresa turned west, brushing past the last obstacle in their path, the armed yacht USS Vixen.
Vizcaya now found herself back in the line-ahead formation the squadron had formed when it left its anchorage, in second place behind Infanta Maria Teresa and ahead of armored cruiser Cristóbal Colón and Almirante Oquendo. At 1035, the sinking Infanta Maria Teresa was driven ashore with heavy damage and fires, and Almirante Oquendo soon suffered the same fate, running aground nearly abreast of Vizcaya. Further inshore, the two Spanish destroyers also succumbed. By 1050, Vizcaya and Cristóbal Colón were the only Spanish ships left.
Brooklyn now focused on Vizcaya, closing to a range of 950 yards (870 m) and pounding Vizcaya with numerous 8-inch (203 mm) and 5-inch (127 mm) shell hits, while battleships USS Texas, Iowa, Oregon, and Indiana also scored hits. Vizcaya managed to score two 5.5-inch hits on Brooklyn, killing the lone American sailor who died in the battle. But at about 1100, Brooklyn scored two 8-inch hits on Vizcaya; one detonated a torpedo in her forward tube and blew a large part of her bow off, and the other knocked down her bridge and set her decorative woodwork and wooden furnishings on fire. When the fire began to cause ready ammunition for the secondary battery to explode, the end was clearly at hand for Vizcaya. At 1106, she turned toward the shore, struck her battle ensign, and ran herself up on the beach.
Some of her sailors made it ashore, although they had to beware of Cuban insurgents, who began to shoot the survivors of the wrecked Spanish ships. Others were rescued by American sailors who brought small boats alongside the wrecks to take off survivors. One of those rescued was the commanding officer of Vizcaya, Captain Don Antonio Eulate, who, when brought aboard Iowa, looked at the burning wreck of his ship, raised his hand in salute, and called out "Adios, Vizcaya!" Immediately, as if on cue, the cruiser's forward magazines exploded.
Postwar, a U.S. Navy survey team evaluating Spanish wrecks for their potential for being raised and put in American service concluded that Vizcaya was beyond salvage.
Commemoration [ edit ]
Two of Vizcaya's 140-mm (5.5-inch) naval guns were salvaged from her wreck and is on permanent display at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland.
Another of Vizcaya's 140-mm guns is in Grant Park in Galena, Illinois.
and one at Historic Fort Wayne in Detroit Michigan,
Video gallery [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Chesneau, Roger, and Eugene M. Kolesnik, Eds. Conway's All The World's Fighting Ships 1860–1905 . New York, New York: Mayflower Books Inc., 1979. ISBN 0-8317-0302-4.
. New York, New York: Mayflower Books Inc., 1979. ISBN 0-8317-0302-4. Nofi, Albert A. The Spanish–American War, 1898. Conshohocken, Pennsylvania: Combined Books, Inc., 1996. ISBN 0-938289-57-8.
Coordinates:
The Houston Dynamo have signed forward Chandler Hoffman, the club announced today. Per club and league policy, terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
The Dynamo selected Hoffman in Stage Two of the MLS Re-Entry draft on Dec. 18. The 24-year-old scored a team-best 14 goals in 19 appearances last season while on loan to LA Galaxy II of USL Pro. Hoffman also made eight appearances with the Galaxy last season.
"We are pleased to add Chandler Hoffman to our roster,” said Dynamo vice president/general manager Matt Jordan. “He's a promising, young, intelligent soccer player that provides flexibility within our attack. After a strong 2014 USL Pro season, we look forward to seeing him grow within our group."
Hoffman was acquired by the Galaxy in a trade with the Philadelphia Union in March 2013. A native of Birmingham, Alabama, Hoffman played three years at UCLA and was named a MAC Hermann Trophy semifinalist after scoring 18 goals in 2011.
CHANDLER HOFFMAN
Full Name: Jon Chandler Hoffman
Position: Forward
Height: 6'0” Weight: 160 lbs.
Date of Birth: August 18, 1990
Birthplace: Birmingham, Alabama
Citizenship: USA
Last Club: LA Galaxy
How Acquired: Signed on Dec. 26, 2014 after he was selected by the Dynamo in Stage Two of the MLS Re-Entry Draft on Dec. 18, 2014
Follow @Chandala
Officials in Madagascar said late on Friday that a cyclone that wreaked havoc on the island earlier this week had killed 38 people, a sharp increase from the death toll of five that had been previously reported.
Some of the victims had been killed by landslides caused by the heavy rainfall, according to the country's disaster response agency.
Cyclone Enawo injured 180 others and forced 53,000 from their homes and into temporary shelters. It hit Madagascar's northeastern coast on Tuesday morning, causing widespread destruction across the vanilla-producing region.
More than 116,000 people were displaced or had their property damaged in what the national weather service called the worst storm to hit the country in years. In 2012, two bad storms rocked the island and claimed more than 100 lives.
The Red Cross announced that it had deployed about 500 volunteers to help the victims. Damage caused by the storm is likely to compound problems Madagascar has already been grappling with, including severe drought and food shortages since 2015.
es/se (AFP, Reuters)
(Picture: Anete Lusina)
Telling someone you've just started dating that you suffer with a mental illness can be terrifying.
It is an incredibly brave thing to do and no matter when you decide to share this part of yourself with someone else, you should be tremendously proud.
A company is paying for two people to travel the world... But they need to be strangers
We've written previously on what you should know before you date someone with depression, we've written about the reality of dating someone with depression and we've shared 10 things you should know if you're dating someone who has bipolar disorder.
But how and when is the right time to drop the depression bomb?
I very recently started very casually dating someone and was having an ‘off' day. We had plans to meet up that night but the thought of having to pretend everything was fine when it wasn't made me want to be sick. It felt too soon and too not serious to share this kind of information.
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is obviously not a picture of us walking through the park. (Picture: Pavel Badrtdinov)
But I took a chance. Rather than confuse things with the old hokey pokey (is she in? is she out? Does she shake it all about?), I messaged Mr. Very Recent and said straight up, ‘The truth is I suffer from depression and I'm having a bad day.'
I was lucky. This guy got it straight away and appreciated that I was up front. We hung out and he brought me my favorite cookie. It was a nice night.
In the past reactions have been very mixed. One guy I opened up to said, ‘Ew, gross.'
Yes, really.
I've come to a point now where I believe if they can't deal that's their problem, not mine. It doesn't make it any less scary being so vulnerable.
Ellen has also received mixed reactions.
‘I'm never sure when to come out about having mental health issues,' she explained.
‘It's not that I want to keep it a secret, but it feels incredibly personal, and it's not the kind of thing that feels like it needs to be said on the first date. I'm always worried about giving someone the power to react to it. If I don't know them well, once they know they'll have power to say something offensive about it, which feels risky. There's also the genuine fear that they might just not want to date anymore once they know what I'm dealing with.'
(Picture:: Deirdre Spain for Metro.co.uk)
‘Either they won't want to date me, or they'll react in a bad way and I won't want to date them, or they now know a very personal thing that makes me vulnerable. I usually try to drop it in once I've known the person a month or so and can trust they won't be a dick about it. I also do tend to put out feelers by talking about mental health issues in general to see if they're going to say anything stupid.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
It's something we all struggle with.
Tamsin Embleton is a psychotherapist working in the NHS and in private practice in London. She shared some tips with Metro.co.uk on when and how is the best way and time to let someone you are dating know you have depression.
1.Understand your underlying motivation
‘What are the aims of the conversation for you?' Tasmin asks.
‘What are you hoping the disclosure will lead to: a deeper understanding? Support? Improved communication? Space? This may help you to decide how to describe what you are struggling with and consider how the conversation may help you understand each other.
2. Ask yourself if you really feel comfortable
‘Being open about how you feel can be cathartic in itself, but consider where you are in your relationship and what you are comfortable in sharing. If your relationship is in its early stages, what might be too much, too soon?
‘Go at your own speed; it doesn't need to feel like a confession and you don't need to offer your whole life story. Consider what might leave you feeling vulnerable.'
3. Practice
‘Have a dry-run of the conversation. You could ask a trusted confidante, family member or your therapist to be your sounding board ahead of time.'
(Picture: Alex Jodoin)
4. Give your partner time to process
‘Try not to overwhelm your partner with too much information; the conversation could affect them in various ways and they may not have a ready-response.
‘Give them time to adjust and space to process what you are saying.'
Advertisement
5. Consider your expectations towards their response
‘Remember, they are your partner and not your therapist, it may be hard for them to comprehend what you are going through and the expectation should not be that they are then able to then provide you with advice or guidance. If they or someone close to them have struggled with mental health issues it may also stir up difficult feelings for them.'
6. Respect their response
Your partner may wish to support you, so think about what might work best for you ahead of time.
7. Remember, mental illness doesn't define you
‘Labels like depression are an umbrella term – a word that encompasses a multiplicity of experiences which can present themselves differently from person to person.
‘What matters within the context of your relationship and your recovery is what you as an individual are struggling with. The word depression can be both vague and limiting, preventing in-depth exploration of what you as an individual are struggling with. Try not to feel defined by it. If you feel able, think about what you personally are dealing with and how this may affect your interactions or relationship with your partner.'
(Picture: Sebastian Pichler)
It's never going to be easy, but the more we are brave enough to talk about our experiences with mental illness, the more common place these sorts of discussions will become and the more understanding people will be.
MORE: The reality of dating someone with depression
MORE: There's now a dating app for people who wear glasses
Advertisement Advertisement
A Chula Vista woman who tried to end a relationship was strangled by her ex-boyfriend alongside her two children.
Officers discovered Mary Catherine Alvarez, 41 and her children Hamid, 11, and Angelica, 12, Wednesday inside a townhome at 1746 Currant Way, in a complex located south of Olympic Parkway and east of State Route 125.
Chula Vista police say a man whose body was found below a Spring Valley bridge early Wednesday strangled Alvarez, his girlfriend, and her two children before jumping to his death.
Investigators said the mother and daughter also both suffered some sort of blow to the head. They have not identified a motive.
Boyfriend Strangled Mom, 2 Kids
Investigators say a Chula Vista woman who tried to end a relationship was strangled by her ex alongside her two children. (Published Thursday, June 2, 2011)
Friends of Alvarez said Thursday that Mary Catherine had been trying to separate herself from her boyfriend. They say the special education teacher moved into a new apartment with her children about three weeks ago.
A CHP officer found the man's body in a ravine near state Route 125 northbound, just south of Route 54 at about 5:35 a.m.
An abandoned 2001 Hyundai Elantra was parked near the ravine, said Ken Jackman of the CHP.
Though the man carried no identification, police conducted a registration check of the car. They traced the vehicle's owner to a Chula Vista apartment complex, but found that the owner had moved.
After speaking with the manager of the building, officials attained the address of the owner, Mary Catherine Alvarez.
It was after performing a welfare check at Alvarez' home that officers discovered the family. Alvarez was lying in a pool of blood, Jackman said.
Mother, Kids Found Dead Inside South Bay Townhome
Family and friends gather outside the Chula Vista townhome where a mother and two children were discovered dead Wednesday, sad but also angry - wanting to know why the family was killed. Mari Payton reports. (Published Thursday, June 2, 2011)
“It's a sad day when children are involved,” Jackman said.
A next-door neighbor said she heard a strange noise Monday around 5 a.m.
“It woke me up because it was really loud it was like a really loud scream,” said Patricia Manjarrez.
Mother, Kids Found Dead Inside Townhome: Images
Friends said the man who committed suicide is Mary Catherine Alvarez's boyfriend. The couple had been together for about 5 years. He was not the father of the children.
Through tears, Diane Vega, 12, remembered Angelica, a cheerleader and 6th grader at Corky McMillin Elementary.
“We were best friends," she said. " We were best friends she was always there for me.”
Mary Catherine Alvarez worked in the special education department at San Ysidro High School for the past five years.
School principal Hector Espinoza said, “Her passion was working with kids and it was noticeable in the classroom. Tragic its as simple as that it's a waste, such a tragic waste.”
Thursday was graduation day at San Ysidro High School. Administrators will hold a moment of silence at tonight's ceremony for Alvarez.
At Corky McMillan school, where 11-year-old Hamid was a fifth grader, the principal sent home a letter to parents notifying them of the situation. Crisis counselors were on campus Thursday to talk to kids.
The family has setup a fund for donations at Chase Bank under "Alvarez Family Memorial Fund". They say the money will help pay for the three funerals and any money leftover will be donated to a charity for victims of domestic violence.
Snoopy was to try again on Sunday 7th January 2018, just before High Tide. But see First 2018 Seaside Trip Page . In brief: surf was much higher than predicted, so Snoopy chickened out :-)
Meanwhile, we work with friends around the World on relevant technology. e.g. alternative SatComs, Radio, and GSM communications; low cost GPS-Tracker-Camera products; Dick checked out a PocketCam GPS-Tracker-Camera near Portsmouth.
See Woodstock's tests on Horseshoe lake, including new technology.
In 2017 Snoopy had 10 days of 24/7 test on Bray Lake. Then we spent weeks diagnosing problems of EMC radio interference with his GPS units - easily fixed. It was that FM Transmitter bug ! Then diagnosing "zig-zag sailing" that had plagued us for years: understeering - also easily fixed. We've made one recent Brief Attempt in December that lasted minutes ! :-)
See "2.2 The Atlantic Attempt itself" below, for details such as where Snoopy will sail from. We await that "Weather Window" and our Team-Joker launch team availability. See Blog7 for later news, and details of preperation for the next Atlantic Attempt. See BlogX for supporting experimental work, for use in this and later robot boats. Click on pictures to enlarge or play.
You may like that 16th August video above, with Peter and the Australian MicroMite. Team-Joker now has Horseshoe Lake as an alternative to Bray Lake for tests.
Here are some videos of testing Team-Joker's "Woodstock" on Horseshoe lake, starting with the Woodstock Team Briefing ...
Woodstock on Bray Lake, starting with a radio control test. Woodstock Tacking Tests including with Snoopy. Meanwhile, Boat 11 relaxes at home ;-)
Fun and games with Team-Joker, Woodstock , and Snoopy on Bray Lake on 13th and 17th January, then Saturday 9th February 2019. Click on pictures to play video or enlarge.
2.1. Tests before an Atlantic Attempt - taken from end of Blog6 ...
See "BlogX", describing background experimental work from 2008 until now. See the Recce, Compass , Software , and many Blog pages, for details of the vast ammount of experiments and testing, done over the years. Yes, there is a lot there, and you need a wide screen to scroll through it. I wish I'd written the blogs tidier, but they are better than nothing, and my time is precious.
Play the video to see how well Snoopy's 2014 boat 10 did against the smaller experimental boat 6 on 11th July 2014. The speech from the autopilot of Boat6 implies it was using experimental compass-based steering. i.e. "ahead, ahead, left, ahead", etc. Boat 10 used our old, trusted, GPS-Only steering. Why did Boat6 win ? Much less weight: see the Blog for Boats 11 and 12 having a race with identical autopilots on Thursday 6th July 2017, three years later. We can learn a lot from what we did in earlier years, if we write it down - or better still, film it :-)
2.2 The Atlantic Attempt itself ...
Every boat starts with weeks, or even months, of testing on Bray Lake. Each year we wait for a suitable "Weather Window", with FLAT surf, an offshore breeze from the North, and a minimum of three for our launch team, avoiding holidays, etc. We watch MagicSeaweed for FLAT surf, an off-shore wind, and no rain. We also watch Winds Expected. Live wind data for Calshot Spit is on www.rock7.com/wind/. Snoopy needs a day with suitable conditions for launch, to sail south to about 15 miles off the coast, before heading west, along the English Channel, and into the Atlantic. Ideally, we want close to a week of following wind, from the East or North, rather than from West or South. These wind conditions occur when a LOW pressure area passes to the South, rather than the North of the UK.
While Snoopy's Boat waits for the "launch window", we can still experiment with the Boat(s) for next year, or things like even smaller boats, better autopilots, or live monitoring of Snoopy's position relative to shipping. Checkout the new Boat 12 page, showing Eric's 1 metre long boat smashing the Bray Lake Test record. If you have the stamina, you can see the BlogX "Experimental Blog" page :-)
We now launch Snoopy from west of Boscombe Pier. You can click on Snoopy's SPOT Map or the picture on the right, to see where Snoopy is now. The detail of Snoopy's preperation for each attempt, including repairs, modifications, and testing, is in the current Blog6. e.g. plans for next boat; day by day progress on construction and tests.
For those interested, see "Summary of design used in 2012, 2013 and 2014 boats ...", near the front of the Design page. The Q&A page discusses the effect of a strong tidal flow on robot sailing boats. We have a Tide Page, as an aid to understanding the best launch time, on a particular day. e.g. three hours ahead of Portsmouth High Water.
A different launch spot, such as near Sandbanks Beach Cafe , might get around a problem with wind direction, but what if the waves are big ? To appreciate our problem, if we don't have those FLAT surf conditions, simply look at our March 2013 Atlantic Attempts page, and play the March 2013 video. Volunteers are welcome, if you are not putting anyone's lives at risk: we don't mind you getting wet :-)
Snoopy's SPOT Map will show where Snoopy is now. This might be at Bray Lake, at home in Sunninghill, on the way down to the coast - or at sea, on his way to the USA. Click on the map on the left, to see the detail.
Before making an Atlantic attempt, Snoopy has several weeks of "24/7 tests", to ensure all the boat is reliable. Snoopy sailed over 5,000 miles on Bray Lake in 2012, and has sailed a lot further since then ! If the wind drops to below about 1mph - as often happens at night - Snoopy "goes for a Wonder". If he gets stuck near the shore, Robin goes over to push Snoopy out again.
Play the 1 minute Video of Snoopy's Cat' (catamaran). Next year's boat ? That's Snoopy on the right, watching Telly, sat on his Windmill Boat :-)
The one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombing hasn't been short on retrospectives, with nearly every media outlet taking time to reflect on one of the worst tragedies in the city's history.
David Ortiz — in many ways the face of Boston sports — chose to offer his own look back this week in a first-person essay for Sports Illustrated.
“The bombing at the Boston Marathon was the worst kind of unbelievable,” Ortiz wrote. “I was out of town that day, on an injury rehab assignment in the minor leagues, and when I saw what went down, I was in shock. Something like that should never happen anywhere. But especially not at the Marathon, which represents so much that is good about sports, about this city and about this country.
“One thing that has happened isn't unbelievable to me, though: the way people in Boston and around the country came together in such a dark time. On the day of the bombing I can't say I knew how the city would react. I had never thought about how we'd handle something like that because I never dreamed we'd have to. But when I saw how people helped one another and stayed positive, I wasn't surprised. … Seeing Boston regroup the way it has over the last 12 months has been awesome.”
The Boston Red Sox slugger went on to describe the emotions behind his unplanned but now iconic Fenway Park speech (“I felt the same way everyone else did”) and said that while there's no way he'd ever have the endurance to run a marathon himself, he plans to be down on Boylston Street when the runners cross the finish line next Monday.
“I'll be there this year for sure,” Ortiz wrote. “Maybe I'll try to take selfies with as many people as I can while I'm there — that will be my marathon.”
Check out the full article right here.
By Jay Syrmopoulos
William Binney is a 30-year National Security Agency veteran, who served as the global Technical Director for geopolitical analysis at the NSA and was an architect of its surveillance program before becoming a famed whistleblower upon resigning in 2001.
Binney was persecuted for attempting to expose lies and distortions of intelligence by the George W. Bush administration used to justify systematic, massive, and all-encompassing surveillance into all Americans' private electronic communications.
In regards to Russiagate, Binney has been a strong proponent of the idea that the Democratic National Committee was not hacked by Russians, and in a November 15 interview, published on the Washingtonsblog news-site, titled “How to Instantly Prove (Or Disprove) Russian Hacking of US Election”, he provides a technical analysis that exposes how the Democratic party allegations of “Russian hacking” are a part of an operation of intentional deception backed by the military-intelligence-industrial complex.
The former NSA tech guru says the agency he worked at for decades has evidence of exactly who hacked… or instead, proves that the emails were leaked by a Democratic party insider.
Binney stressed:
If the idiots in the intelligence community expect us to believe them after all the crap they have told us (like WMD's in Iraq and ‘no we don't collect data on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans') then they need to give clear proof of what they say. So far, they have failed to prove anything.
This highly suggests there is no evidence of a substantial Russian hack, but rather an operation by the military-intelligence-industrial complex (MIC) looks to expand the influence and hegemony of the United States under the auspices of a second Cold War.
As former CIA, State Department, and House Intelligence Committee security expert Fred Fleitz notes:
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets Only two intelligence entities – the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) – have weighed in on this issue, not 17 intelligence agencies [as Hillary Clinton had claimed]. And what they said was ambiguous about Russian involvement. An unclassified October 7, 2016 joint DNI-DHS statement on this issue said the hacks ‘. . . are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow — the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europa and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there. We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities.' Saying we think the hacks ‘are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts' is far short of saying we have evidence that Russia has been responsible for the hacks. Maybe high-level officials would have authorized them if Russian hackers were responsible, but the DNI and DHS statement did NOT say there was evidence Russia was responsible.
Binney believes the intelligence community is politicizing intelligence to promote a false narrative surrounding Russia. He claims they know that what they are saying is false, because if it weren't false, then they could provide, to the public, evidence proving their claims, and do it without revealing any legitimate US national-security information.
Tellingly, Binney, who is widely regarded as a “legend” within the agency and the NSA's best-ever analyst and code-breaker, believes the public is being lied to as the truth would destroy the entire popularized-Russian election interference narrative.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample “That's why I originally said if the FBI wanted Hillary's email, all they have to do is ask NSA for them,” Binney said. Interestingly, the whole of corporate state media largely refuses to give Binney any airtime to reveal the damning information that refutes the Russiagate conspiracy theory, and instead continues to promote a false narrative created by the military-intelligence-industrial complex and promoted by the corporate state media apparatus. Instead of anyone standing up and challenging Binney's analysis, the mass media in the U.S. has effectively censored his message by ignoring him—and potentially the biggest story of 2017—and, instead, running with Russian-meddling in US elections propaganda. Make no mistake that this situation is the modern-day equivalent of ‘Saddam's Weapons of Mass Destruction' politicized intelligence debacle that led to the invasion of Iraq and millions dead as a quasi ‘response' to the 9/11 attacks—but with potentially much more grave consequences. Jay Syrmopoulos is a geopolitical analyst, freethinker, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at the University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs and holds a BA in International Relations. Jay's writing has been featured on both mainstream and independent media – and has been viewed tens of millions of times. You can follow him on Twitter @SirMetropolis and on Facebook at SirMetropolis. This article first appeared at The Free Thought Project.
Louisville City FC is considering building its planned stadium in New Albany, Ind., with government officials there actively courting club leaders for the $20 million to $30 million project.
Chairman John Neace said that the club had narrowed the potential locations for a stadium to two — down from four — and though he wouldn't talk specifics, IL has learned that New Albany is in the running, at least as a fallback option.
“We desperately need a stadium, or quite honestly, the team will probably have to go elsewhere,” Neace told IL in an interview in the club's downtown offices.
Without revenue from sponsorships and concessions, the club is unlikely to be able to sustain itself and to keep growing, he said.
New Albany officials said they would welcome the investment of a new stadium and would consider some public support to lure the venue to Indiana.
New Albany Mayor Jeff Gahan told IL that city leaders had held “preliminary discussions” with Neace and proposed a couple of sites.
Gahan and New Albany City Council President Patrick McLaughlin said that the soccer stadium could address the city's need for a large venue, which city leaders have identified as a catalyst for growth.
New Albany is seeing a lot of public and private sector investments, Gahan said. Floyd County voters in November approved $87 million in construction renovations that will include the rebuilding of two elementary schools. A $16 million, high-end housing development, with nearly 200 apartments downtown is expected to welcome its first tenants any day. And a new hotel is planned for State Street.
The city is improving roads and minimizing traffic by eliminating one-way streets, and entrepreneurs have added lots of retail and dining options, including breweries, a winery and a new steakhouse, said Gahan, who became mayor five years ago after serving eight years on the council.
“I think New Albany has some momentum,” Gahan said. “I think we have the right atmosphere that would lend itself to developing a great soccer audience.”
A sports venue also could foster additional growth, with hotels, bars and restaurants, and would benefit people across the whole county, he said.
“A soccer stadium would be very exciting,” the mayor said.
McLaughlin, the city council president, said he understands soccer's growing audience and its potential as an economic driver. McLaughlin said he played the sport growing up, as did his sons.
The president of a local LouCity FC fan club said he viewed the possibility of a stadium across the river with mixed emotions.
“I would prefer downtown Louisville, but I also understand the reality of the finances. I would rather have a club in New Albany than no club at all,” said Ken Luther, president of The Coopers.
However, Luther said that over the long haul, building the stadium in New Albany would be “shortsighted” and would hurt growth and attendance.
“Playing in New Albany would likely deter casual fans and limit attendance, especially with bridge tolls, lack of public transportation, etc.,” he said via email.
Neace said that a stadium in New Albany would be only a short drive away and would not deter fans, especially in the right venue. With growth in Louisville, Jeffersonville, Clarksville and New Albany, the entire metro area is going to look a lot different three to five years from now, he said.
Financing the stadium remains a major challenge. While generally supportive of the club, Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer has said that “a significant portion” of the stadium funding would have to come from the private sector.
And if the club builds its stadium in Indiana, Louisville Metro Government will not participate, said Jeff Mosley, deputy chief of Louisville Forward, the city's economic development arm.
The club played its first two seasons at Slugger Field, home of the Louisville Bats, to great athletic success, twice reaching the Eastern Conference Final, losing last year in a penalty shootout to eventual United Soccer League champion New York Red Bulls II. LouCity's fan support ranked third out of 29 teams in the third-division USL.
However, the club lost $1 million last year, and Neace said that while finances are improving and the loss will be smaller this year, the club may continue to incur losses unless it builds a soccer-specific stadium.
Neace pegged the cost of the venue between $20 million and $30 million.
A stadium would increase the club's revenue stream because of naming rights, other advertising and concession sales, luxury seating and revenue generated by hosting other events, such as concerts, Neace said.
The importance of a soccer-specific stadium also is increasing because the USL has said that it wants every team to play in its own 10,000-seat stadium, he said.
Slugger Field eventually will not suffice for a USL club, Neace said, because the pitch is too small and uneven, in that it contains a mix of artificial and natural surfaces.
“You need to play soccer in a soccer stadium,” he said.
And if LouCity wants to play in the first division Major League Soccer — an eventual goal the owners have identified — it needs a 20,000-seat stadium.
It makes no sense to build a smaller stadium first only to build a bigger one later, Neace said, so the local owners want to build a 10,000-seat stadium that eventually could be expanded to 20,000 seats.
“The owners do understand that and are committed to getting there,” he said.
Neace in September succeeded Wayne Estopinal, a local architect and driving force behind the club who had gotten Neace involved in LouCity FC. The appointment of Neace, a local venture capitalist, reflected a sense of urgency in the club's pursuit of a stadium.
Neace said that LouCity FC is working with two companies that are preparing renderings and financing options for a stadium in two Louisville-area locations, which he declined to identify. A $75,000 Louisville Metro-financed study had identified four possible sites that the city kept secret to prevent land speculation.
Neace said that he expects the stadium and the club's planned soccer academy to be built in two locations, because of space constraints. That means, for example, the academy could be in downtown Louisville, with a stadium in New Albany, or vice versa. Or either venue could be at the east or west ends of Louisville.
Public-private partnership
Neace said that the club owners, of which there are about 30 (though Estopinal is no longer among them), would have to raise millions of dollars to get the project started, with a bond to be paid back with revenue generated by the venue.
The chairman acknowledged that it's unlikely the club will be able to persuade any municipality to commit tens of millions of dollars “for a playground for millionaires,” but he said a public-private partnership makes a lot of sense because the venue could bring lots of people downtown and even attract talent from other areas.
That would address one of the area's big economic development challenges: Some employers have said that even with wages that are twice the federal minimum wage they're struggling to attract good employees.
To lure the stadium, a municipality could, for example, create a tax increment financing district, which would direct property taxes collected from growth in the district — hotel, restaurants, bars — to be used to help pay off the stadium bond. But that approach, too, bears some financial risks, as Louisville Metro government's experience with the Yum! Center has shown.
Neace said he approached the club's other owners recently and shared with them LouCity FC's financial situation, how much they need to raise to continue to operate the club and how much they would need on top of that for the stadium.
He said he asked them whether they were in or out.
“Most of the people are still in,” he said.
Neace, whose venture capital firm is based in New Albany, said that he got involved with the club initially for family and financial reasons and still believes that LouCity FC will be a good investment eventually.
Neace has followed soccer for years because his two adult sons played through high school. He traveled with them to Brazil in 2014 to watch some World Cup matches.
He initially viewed his involvement with LouCity FC as a continuation of the family's love for soccer, giving him and his sons more opportunities to spend time together. But the businessman in him also sees the soccer club as a financial opportunity.
“I really think that over time … it will be a very good investment for my children,” he said.
Neace said the owners know what they need, and he has a “pretty good degree of confidence” that a local soccer stadium can be built.
Both New Albany officials told IL that while the club has not asked them for specific means to support for the stadium, the city has economic development tools, such as TIFs, to be able to make a good case for hosting the stadium construction.
Construction plan
Neace said that within the next 45 to 60 days, the club will get the renderings and details on stadium costs and financing options, at which point he will seek feedback from fans and owners. He said he hopes to announce the project before the end of the first quarter and begin demolition in the second quarter. If all goes as planned, the club could begin hosting games at its new home in summer or fall of 2019.
Whatever happens with the stadium, the club will make at least one move next year: The lease on its offices, 127 6th Street, is running out in October. The building is owned by Estopinal and previously served as the headquarters of his architectural firm, TEG Architects, which is now based in Jeffersonville.
Neace said the club is looking for a new office location and plans to keep its offices in downtown Louisville.
Clarification: One sentence in this post was changed to eliminate potential confusion about whether the city of New Albany is one of the two finalists the club is considering for a stadium.
The House of Representatives passed a bundle of abortion restrictions Tuesday that would dramatically reduce the number of health insurance plans that cover the procedure. The vote was 227 to 188, with one lawmaker voting present
The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act (H.R. 7), sponsored by Rep. Chris Smith (R-N.J.), would prohibit insurance plans sold in the new health care exchanges from covering abortion, and it would eliminate tax benefits for small businesses that purchase insurance plans covering abortion. The bill would also prevent the District of Columbia from using its own locally raised funds to subsidize abortion care for low-income women.
Currently, more than 80 percent of private health insurance plans include abortion coverage, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health research group.
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said after the vote, "This President promised that ‘under our plan, no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions.' We know now that was a lie, and this bill corrects his broken promise. We should not be taxing Americans and forcing them to fund a violation of their religious freedom. The passage of this bill today is one more step toward restoring respect for the sanctity of human life.”
In fact, the bill would not actually prevent federal taxpayer dollars from funding abortion because the Hyde Amendment has already done that for more than three decades.
Earlier this month, Democratic women lawmakers protested the bill in the hallway outside its House Judiciary Committee hearing. They pointed out that it would raise health care costs for women, drive insurance companies to drop a previously noncontroversial medical benefit and financially penalize small businesses. They also took issue with the fact that an all-male group of Republicans was pushing the bill through the legislative process with very little input from women.
“H.R. 7 is a reflection of a majority that is out of touch with the American people and struggling to understand fundamental truths about reproductive health -- and we really mean struggle,” Rep. Louise Slaughter (D-N.Y.) said on the floor of the House. “This extreme legislation was originally sponsored by a man, originated from a subcommittee composed of 13 men, and was passed out of the Judiciary Committee with the votes of 21 Republican men. This has been the problem for a long time -- men in blue suits and red ties determining what women can and should do when it comes to their own health.”
The bill is unlikely to go anywhere in the Democrat-controlled Senate, and the White House said Monday that President Barack Obama would veto it if it ever came to his desk.
Pakistan among 10 countries accounting for over 95% of all new HIV infections
Islamabad :Pakistan, China, and India and are among 10 countries in the Asia-Pacific region which account for more than 95 per cent of all new HIV infections. Pakistan is at a crucial stage where HIV is growing, but the capacity to reverse it also exists. Cognizant of the epidemic trends, the country must check the spread of HIV on war footings by rolling out plans to close gaps in prevention, testing and treatment services.
Views to this effect echoed at the launch of the ‘Integrated Biological and Behavioural Surveillance in Pakistan 2016-17' here Tuesday. Joint Secretary of the Ministry of National Health Muazzam Ali Shah was the chief guest on the occasion. Also present were Neil Buhne, Resident Coordinator of the United Nations, Dr. Mamadou Sakho, Country Director of UNAIDS in Pakistan, and Dr. Baseer Khan Achakzai, National Manager of the AIDS Control Programme.
Addressing the gathering, Muazzam Ali Shah said the world has made significant progress in terms of alleviating the high morbidity and mortality associated with HIV and AIDS. Life-saving HIV treatment has been pivotal in reducing the number of new infections, improving the quality of life of People Living with HIV and virtually eliminating mother-to-child transmission.
Muazzam said, the Ministry of Health is fully cognizant of the epidemic trends in the country and the need to check the spread of the epidemic on war footings. “Pakistan is committed to ending HIV by 2030 in line with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and has increased its investments to implement a high-impact intervention scenario with a targeted approach to scale up testing in key populations and increase treatment uptake,” he assured.
Neil Buhne said Pakistan, as evident in the IBBS, is at a crucial stage where HIV is growing but the capacity to reverse it also exists. He said, Pakistan can build on the results of the survey and the experiences of regional countries with high prevalence to scale up its response.
Dr. Mamadou Sakho quoted the UNAIDS 2016 report to point out that India, China and Pakistan are among the 10 countries which account for more than 95 percent of all new HIV infections. The Philippines, Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia are amongst others.
Dr. Mamadou Sakho said, while the number of new HIV infections has declined globally over the past decade, Pakistan remains one of the few regional countries to witness an increasing number of cases. “Identified by UNAIDS as one of 35 fast-track countries needing intensified efforts to fight HIV/AIDS, the government must roll out plans to close gaps in prevention, testing and treatment services. The global estimation in Pakistan is around 130,000 PLWH who are suffering from this deadly virus; 50% are in Punjab, 43% in Sindh, 5% in KPK and 2% in Baluchistan,” he stated.
Dr. Baseer Achakzai said, the National Programme is primarily mandated to coordinate the National Response to HIV/AIDS. NACP is the Principal Recipient (PR) for the Global Fund (NFM) HIV/AIDS grant for Pakistan and is working closely with the Provincial AIDS Control Programmes (PACPs) to provide care, support and treatment services to infected and affected populations. In addition, NACP also collaborates and coordinates with multilateral and bilateral partners to control and prevent the spread of HIV and AIDS in Pakistan.
The HIV epidemic in Pakistan continues to grow among key populations with an estimated 133,529 People living with HIV in the country. Although HIV prevalence in the general population remains less than 1%, but an increase in prevalence has been noted in all key populations with a risk of spread to the general population through sexual networks.
NACP has been implementing several Global Fund grants such as GFATM SSF grant (2013-16 worth US $9.8 million), GFATM NFM grant (2016-17 worth US $9.02 million) and has secured funding of US $17.5 million for 2018-20 to implement the high impact intervention scenario in line with the SDGs and national strategy targets to curb and control the AIDS epidemic by 2030. Dr. Achakzai also shared the salient features of the National Response.
Ikea plans to use packaging made with mushrooms as an eco-friendly replacement for polystyrene, the Swedish retail giant has revealed.
The flat-pack furniture retailer is looking at using the biodegradable "fungi packaging" as part of its efforts to reduce waste and increase recycling, Joanna Yarrow, head of sustainability for Ikea in the UK said.
"We are looking for innovative alternatives to materials, such as replacing our polystyrene packaging with mycelium - fungi packaging," she said.
Mycelium is the part of a fungus that grows in a mass of branched fibres, attaching to the soil or whatever it is growing on – in effect, mushroom roots .
US firm Ecovative developed the product, which it calls Mushroom Packaging , by letting the mycelium grow around clean agricultural waste, such as corn stalks or husks.
Over the space of a few days the fungus fibres bind the waste together, forming a solid shape, which is then dried to stop it growing any further.
Ms Yarrow told the Telegraph that Ikea was looking at introducing mycelium packaging because "a lot of products come in polystyrene, traditionally, which can't be - or is very difficult to – recycle".
While polystyrene takes thousands of years to decompose, mycelium packaging can be disposed of simply by throwing it in the garden where it will biodegrade naturally within a few weeks.
Speaking at an Aldersgate Group sustainability event in London this week, Ms Yarrow added: "The great thing about mycelium is you can grow it into a mould that then fits exactly. You can create bespoke packaging."
An Ikea spokesman confirmed it was looking at working with Ecovative, adding: "We always look for new and innovative processes and sustainable materials that can contribute to our commitment.
Photo: Ikea
"Mycelium is one of the materials IKEA is looking into, but it is currently not used in production."
Ecovative, whose founders invented the mushroom-based material in 2006, currently manufactures its packaging in New York. Customers include computer giant Dell, which uses it to cushion large computer servers.
A handful of companies are believed to use the product in the UK.
Ikea's green drive has already seen it launch vegetarian meatballs as a more eco-friendly alternative to the Swedish meatballs served in its cafes, because of concerns about the greenhouse gas emissions from beef and pork.
A spokesman for the retailer said: "IKEA wants to have a positive impact on people and planet, which includes taking a lead in turning waste into resources, developing reverse material flows for waste materials and ensuring key parts of our range are easily recycled.
“IKEA has committed to take a lead in reducing its use of fossil –based materials while increasing its use of renewable and recycled materials.”
How the Mushroom Packaging is made
Agricultural waste such as corn husks is cleaned. Mycelium is added, and the mixture is left for a few days. Mycelium grows fibres as it reaches out to digest the agricultural waste. Mixture is broken up into loose particles. Particles are put into shaped mould for a few days. Mycelium grows and forms a solid shape. Solid shape is removed and dried to stop growth and prevent production of mushrooms or spores.
Source: Ecovative
Last year, the average number of prime-time viewers age 12 to 34 fell 23 percent, to 834,000, compared with the same period a year earlier, according to Nielsen. (Jason Rzepka, senior vice president for brand communications and public affairs at MTV, pointed out that online streaming had affected nightly ratings, but that the channel remained the most watched basic cable channel among viewers 12 to 24.)
The new study, called “Young Millennials Will Keep Calm & Carry On,” comes at a turning point for MTV. “Jersey Shore,” the channel's highest rated series ever, ended in December after six seasons. Around the same time, the channel began to notice shifts in behavior and tastes among younger viewers.
“Catfish: The TV Show,” a documentary series about online dating that had its premiere last year, emerged as a surprise hit with an average of 3.2 million viewers an episode and was the highest-rated premiere for at 11 p.m. series. MTV has attributed the show's popularity, in part, to this younger demographic.
Alison Hillhouse, the vice president of MTV Insights who oversaw the study, said 14- to 17-year-olds were even more comfortable with social media and technology than their older siblings. She calls them “digital latchkey kids” because their hands-off Generation X parents have largely left them alone to navigate the Web.
Unlike the “Yes We Can” optimistic older millennials, this younger group of teenagers has a raised awareness of economic problems, MTV says.
“At age 13 they know they won't find their dream job right away,” Ms. Hillhouse said. More than three-quarters of 14- to 17-year-olds interviewed said, “I worry about the negative impact that today's economy will have on me or my future.”
Viacom, the parent company of MTV, is known for its in-depth audience research and for matching that research with marketers' needs. MTV will take its latest findings to advertisers like Procter & Gamble, Unilever and Pepsi to help inform them about what type of ads will work on this more pragmatic group of teenagers.
Builder
Get Builder 3.30
About Builder A tool to help you write and contribute to great GNOME-based applications.
Global search Search for files, classes, and functions with lightning fast fuzzy search.
Auto-Completion Explore APIs used by your project with auto-completion for C/C++, Python, Rust, and Vala. For languages without native support, ctags integration is provided.
Mini Map Never lose your place in large code bases thanks to Builder's source code map.
Documentation at your fingertips Quickly reference documentation where you need it without losing focus.
Edit side by side Have as many editors as you need. Side-by-side, one atop another, or whatever combination you're comfortable with.
Starting a new project is a snap Feeling adventurous or just want to learn? Try creating a new project and push your creative boundaries!
Git Integration Already have a project for which you want to contribute? Simply enter the URL of the git repository and you're on your way.
Application Profiling Keep your application running fast with Builder's integrated profiler, powered by Sysprof.
Application Debugger Builder includes a modest debugger to help you track down those troubled logic errors.
Take Control with the Command Bar Command line interfaces are great so Builder bakes one right in. A lot of Builder's features can be alternatively accessed via the command bar, and it even has tab completion!
Tweak all the things! We know you're as creative with your preferences as you are with your code so Builder makes tweaking things quick and easy. You can search across application preferences and plugins with just a couple of key strokes.
Getting Builder
Builder is available for download through most popular distributions' software centers. Source code can be obtained from Builder's git repository. Builder can also be installed and run via Flatpak: $ flatpak install --from https://flathub.org/repo/appstream/org.gnome.Builder.flatpakref $ flatpak run org.gnome.Builder
If you're missing something or have trouble with installing or running Builder, check our Documentation (you'll most likely find help in the Installation and Troubleshooting section) or get in touch with the development team (see below).
Getting in Touch
Questions regarding use and development of Builder are welcome though Builder's IRC channel ( #gnome-builder at irc.gnome.org ).
Filing a bug
If you found a problem or have a feature suggestion, feel free to file a bug at GNOME's bug tracker.
CategoryIde
DEPUTY mayor Kerryn Phelps will champion the introduction of compulsory licences and registration for cyclists despite the opposition of her boss — Lord Mayor Clover Moore.
Details of Cr Phelps' scheme, revealed exclusively to Central Sydney, would require all cyclists to sit a compulsory test, carry a licence and have insurance.
“People don't know what the rules are a lot of the time because they don't have to pass any test to get on a bike — and this means there are no consequences,” Cr Phelps said.
The NSW Government abandoned a similar plan, which had been opposed by the Lord Mayor, as recently as December 2016.
media_camera Kerryn Phelps insists cyclists need to be more accountable. Picture: Danny Aarons
When contacted by Central this week, Cr Moore reiterated her personal steadfast opposition and the position of the council.
“Making bike riders do an exam and forcing them to carry ID risks discouraging riding,” she said.
“I want to encourage people to get on a bike, not put more red tape in their way. All Australian states have ruled out bike registration and licencing because it would reduce the number of people riding.”
media_camera Clover Moore said licences mean more “red tape”. Picture: Carly Earl
Cycling body Bicycle NSW, which is also opposed to plans that force cyclists to carry ID, has expressed concern about the falling number of cyclists in the city.
It blamed police crackdowns on cyclists and the removal or delay of bike paths as reasons for cycle numbers returning to 2014 levels.
On Monday a targeted police operation handed tickets to 95 cyclists who breached road rules — with offences including not wearing helmets, riding on footpaths and disobeying traffic controls.
media_camera Police undertaking Operation Pedro at Pyrmont to crackdown on irresponsible cycling behaviour.
“We have to find a way of everyone knowing under what rules they are operating and having some way to enforce these,” Cr Phelps said. “(At the moment) cyclists are the only road users who don't have to pass some sort of test.”
Cr Phelps said she was yet to hear an argument against the scheme that would outweigh the benefits.
ARSON SUSPECT SETS FIRE TO OWN FOOT
AU SA: Arson Suspect Sets Fire to Own Foot in South Australia February 13 0:55 South Australia Police released footage of an arson suspect setting his own foot alight while carrying out an attack in the early hours of February 13. The incident occurred in the Adelaide suburb of Old Reynella at a group of shops. The video shows the suspect pouring accelerant onto the ground and igniting it, causing a large explosion that set fire to the suspect's leg and foot. Credit: SA Police via Storyful AU SA: Arson Suspect Sets Fire to Own Foot in South Australia February 13
“There are civil libertarians who say ‘poor cyclists, why do they have to pay a fee like cars' — but they are vehicles who use the road and I think that if we expect drivers of buses, trucks and cars to have registration and to carry ID and in terms of incidents of recklessness, I just don't see the logic (of the argument),” she said.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERS AND NEWS ALERTS
Blue Bridge Financial, LLC will establish its headquarters in the historic Electric Tower overlooking Roosevelt Plaza. Blue Bridge Financial will retain 12 jobs in Western New York while creating 71 new jobs over a five year period. After an extensive search including suburban and city locations, both in and out of the state, New York State's incentive proposal made the company's move into an initial space of 5,500 square feet in the iconic Electric Tower possible.
Blue Bridge Financial, LLC, a direct lender, is a leading provider of equipment financing solutions to equipment manufacturers and distributors as well as directly to small business borrowers on a national basis. The company is headquartered in Buffalo, with offices in Tampa and San Francisco.
“Blue Bridge Financial's decision to expand their operations in Buffalo after considering out of state alternatives is a testament to the advantages that Western New York offers to growing businesses,” Governor Cuomo said. “From the region's highly-qualified workforce to its competitively priced office space, Western New York is a tremendous place for companies that are looking to increase their output and pursue new opportunities. I am pleased that the State was able to play a role in convincing Blue Bridge Financial to take a second look at Buffalo, and look forward to the company's continued growth in the region.”
“We are excited to announce the relocation of our corporate headquarters to the historic Electric Tower Building in the Buffalo business corridor,” said Blue Bridge Financial CEO Mark DeBacker. “This move has been made possible by the generous support of Empire State Development which shares our vision of significant high quality job growth as Blue Bridge Financial continues its rapid expansion within the specialty finance industry. I am excited about our company being a part of the exciting economic revival which is occurring in downtown Buffalo and the contribution of our company to further regional growth within the financial services industry.”
The company qualified for up to $586,173 in performance-based Excelsior Jobs Program tax credits from Empire State Development, the state's economic development agency, in return for its proposed investment and job creation commitments. Significant contributors to the incentive package and the relocation included the Buffalo Niagara Enterprise and the CBRE|Buffalo Office brokerage team.
Blue Bridge Financial President Brian Gallo added, “The high quality Class A office space of the historic Electric Tower, combined with the job growth incentives provided by New York State, uniquely position us for continued significant growth and expansion of our product offerings into complementary financial service products. We intend to aggressively recruit business development, credit and other financial service professionals immediately to add to our team.”
Electric Tower is owned by Iskalo Development Corp.
After ignoring the most politically influential religious group in Washington for decades, the Washington Post is going big with the revelation that randy Republicans Mark Sanford and John Ensign both sought spiritual solace in the C Street House of the Family, aka the Fellowship. I happen to have written a book about The Family, so the Post called me: I didn't get back to them in time, but I did speak to reporters from a few other papers. Mainly, the whole thing makes me sad — show the media documentation of the Family's role as accessories to murderous regimes such as those of Siad Barre in Somalia and Suharto in Indonesia, and you get a big eye roll; but consensual sex between adults — that's news!
Especially if it's a chance to give Republicans a couple of black eyes. I'm no fan of Republicans, myself, but it sounds to me like Sanford was in love (and Ensign was already separated from his wife). More than that, we don't really know. Their hypocrisy is ugly, true; but their heterosexist, anti-poor people, pro-empire politics are a lot uglier. That, unfortunately, wasn't on the table for discussion.
Maybe it would have had I made the Rachel Maddow Show, as scheduled. I've spoken to Maddow several times before, and I think she's smart — she's doing mass media, so there's not too much subtlety allowed, but she reveals the complexity of issues better than any other political TV host. Still, I was conflicted about going on the show to talk about Sanford. Why pile on when the man is already down? Sanford's done — the question is do we gloat over his hypocrisy, and in doing so reinforce the very puritanical ideas about sex and love of which he was a champion? Or do we welcome Sanford into the human race? You know, the one where the heart wants what it wants and that's not always a simple thing, even when it's a true thing.
I don't think I would have been able to do that on the Maddow show, so thank god for Michael Jackson. I imagine Mark Sanford is saying much the same thing. Jackson's death has bumped his affair and that little to-do in Iran from the top of the news.
I was buying a new pair of shoes when I heard. I'm traveling at the moment, and when I got the invite to the Maddow show, I had only flip flops with me. That seemed too casual for 30 Rock, and besides, I needed a new pair of shoes. I tried Shoe Mania, in Union Square. The store was abuzz: He's dead! Who? Michael Jackson! Michael Jackson is dead. I was stunned. In my grief, I bought a pair of shoes Michael might have liked, flashier than any I'd ever worn.
I walked out onto Broadway wearing my new shoes, thinking about Michael Jackson. As it happens, I've been listening to the deluxe edition of Off the Wall lately, and marveling at the early versions of songs like “Don't Stop Til You Get Enough” that Michael recorded with his brothers and sisters in their basement studio. He was a genius. I don't use the term casually — Michael Jackson was a genius, and his decline and death is an American tragedy. So why the hell was I going on TV to talk about the lovestruck governor of South Carolina?
Well, I wasn't. I wasn't a block away from the store when a call came. I'd been bumped. For a moment, I mourned my lost book sales — the Maddow show would have really helped The Family, which is just out in paperback. But then I thought, at what cost? Exploiting the personal woes of Mark Sanford?
Meanwhile, my feet hurt. My new shoes lacked enough padding. Every step I took banged my soles. So I turned around and headed back up Broadway. Cars opened their windows and jacked up their radios, early Jackson, “Rock With You” amidst the honk and roar of Broadway at rush hour. “Thank you, Michael Jackson,” I thought, “for bumping me from Rachel Maddow.” Even in death, the King of Pop had saved my soul.
I immediately squandered my spiritual gain. When the store refused my request to return the shoes, I asked to speak to the manager. The clerk said no. No? Gimme a break — get the manager. The manager arrives. “No returns on sale items,” he says. But this is Shoe Mania — everything is always on sale. “No returns,” he says. Outside, I hear Michael's falsetto, calling to me. “Just beat it, Jeff,” he's saying. Don't be an asshole. But do I listen? I do not. I demand my refund. I declare the manager a dishonest businessman. I stomp my flip-flopped foot.
In the end, I got my money back — and a pound of flesh, too. The manager slid the blame over to the clerk who'd said I couldn't speak to him. “Why would you tell a customer that?” he snapped. She looked close to tears. Oh, shit, I thought — her job for my shoes. “Look,” I tried to say, “don't blame her, she was fine”–but the manager waved me off, my receipt for my refunded 30 pieces of silver in hand, and then turned back to the cashier.
The manager happened to be an Israeli, I believe, and I found myself thinking as I left, “fucking Israelis.” I'm Jewish, so I can get away with that in the privacy of my own head, or in a blog post in which I'm confessing my tendency to blame the rudeness of some Israelis on Israel. It's not anti-Semitism. Politics aside — and that's a lot to put aside — I've resented Israel ever since I learned that early Israelis loathed Yiddish so much they's smash up Yiddish movie theaters. Yiddish encapsulates everything I love about Jewishness. Also, everything anti-Semites hate about Jewishness. In fact, the reason I really started this shaggy dog of a blog was Cathy Grossman's report in USA Today on new Nixon tapes revealing Billy Graham, at it again with the anti-Semitism. You may remember Billy got busted back in 2002 for tapes of him telling Nixon that while the Jews think he's their friend, “They don't know how I really feel about what they're doing to this country.”
The new tapes reveal that he wasn't too fond of their doings in Israel, either. Was Billy a champion of the Palestinians? Not at all. No, he was touting a conspiracy theory that held that Israel was going to expel Christians. “Fucking Israelis,” he told Nixon, only he was more eloquent — he called them “the synagogue of Satan.”
Billy's defenders say that Billy was never an anti-Semite, that you have to understand these remarks in context. I completely agree. After all, I cited context — the context of me being a Jew — in my defense. What's Billy's? The “synagogue of Satan” is a reference to the Book of Revelation, “which says in verse 3:9 that there are those who claim to be Jews who are liars, and that they belong to a ‘synagogue of Satan.'”
Oh, well, that's cool then. Just to bring this full circle, that happens to be similar to rhetoric used by the Family, with which Billy first began working in the late 50s (the Family's 600 boxes of archives are stored at the Billy Graham Center). The Family's founders and its current leaders decided that God had told them that the Jews had broken their covenant with God and thus no longer enjoyed special status. Instead, the Family itself represents what they call the “New Chosen.” You know, guys like Mark Sanford and John Ensign. They're the new Jews! Or so the Family believes. Which makes them, technically-speaking — I say this with no malice, as a Jew who believes we should all be a lot freer about sex — fucking Jews.
Nothing wrong with that. Let's rise above prudish politics of the Right and the gloating of liberals and the stealth anti-Semitism of America's preacher. John Ensign, Mark Sanford, I salute you — don't stop til you get enough. Just stop trying to stop everybody else from getting some, too.
Last summer, a man named Matthew Chapman did what researchers, reporters, lawyers and others do thousands of times a year: He filed a public disclosure request with the City of Seattle. He wanted records of emails sent and received by employees of the city, but not necessarily the emails themselves.
An employee at the city's Department of Information Technology sent a routine acknowledgment of the request. But somewhere between when the request came in and the information went out, something went very wrong. Instead of the surface-level records to map the movement of emails, Chapman received the first 255 characters of every city email, as well as the subjects and headers, over a two-month period, totaling over 32 gigabytes of information. (Based on standard Lexis Nexis calculations, that size of release would be expected to contain more than 3 million full-length emails.)
The mistake came at a time when the integration of city tech functions into the sprawling Information Technology department was already under severe question from other parts of city government, over whether it was well led or even able to handle the needs of other departments. This summer, city Chief Technology Officer Michael Mattmiller, the department's director, acknowledged to Crosscut that a survey among employees citywide showed significant dissatisfaction but promised that good results in the transition to a single department for technology would soon become apparent. The integration of tech services under the department was a signature cause of recently resigned Mayor Ed Murray.
Of the email release, the city's Chief Privacy Officer Ginger Armbruster has only characterized the issue as “human error,” and she said that she didn't have more information than that. One employee who spoke to Crosscut on the condition of anonymity said the story going around is someone went on vacation and whoever filled in made the mistake; Armbruster said she didn't know about any such personnel changes.
Regardless, none of the information went through the standard redaction process typical of email releases, all but guaranteeing that some confidential information or other communications normally protected under public records laws was provided to Chapman. “If you had cops talking about polygraph results, if you had HR investigations, or even complaints against Mattmiller, that's all in there,” said the employee. Attorney-client privilege, a sacrosanct concept in the legal world, was almost inevitably put into jeopardy, since the dump of emails included not just the police and city attorney's offices but also any employees working on issues that may involve litigation.
In something of a best-case scenario for the city, Chapman apparently noticed something was off when he received the release and, rather than exploiting the unexpected data in some way, notified the IT department. A city employee reportedly then tipped KIRO 7 news.
Nevertheless, the disclosure sent a whole team of lawyers within the City Attorney's Office, with the help of outside counsel, scrambling to lay a boom around the leak, including getting the requester to sign an affidavit swearing he would destroy the emails' contents.
A spokesperson from the office said, “The Seattle City Attorney's Office played a vital role in minimizing the potential impact of the inadvertent email release. The incident has been the top priority for the City Attorney's Office public records team since the incident was discovered on Sept. 1, 2017."
That work continues today, as lawyers coach the IT department in better development of "training and protocols around public records disclosure to minimize the risk of reoccurrence.”
Privacy Officer Armbruster could not say what the department is doing, exactly, to change its policies. “We haven't had a chance to really delve into it, we just know that somebody did it,” she said. In a statement, the IT department said, “The City is also reviewing its procedures and protocols for responding to public disclosure requests, and making changes to those policies and procedures to reduce the likelihood that this situation happens again.”
As those efforts go on, several employees of the IT department, who spoke to Crosscut on the condition of anonymity, say they are not comforted. Amid the rampant dissatisfaction among employees, the incident — despite the assurances that it was a onetime event — is interpreted by employees as a microcosm of IT's larger issues and not helping Mattmiller's efforts at a course correction.
While they understand that the release of the emails may have been the result of human error, some wonder how it could have ever gotten to that point and what training and protocols were in place to begin with.
To underline their point, employees were quick to offer other security issues not directly related to the release, but, when combined with the most recent mistake, further the impression for them that important issues are not being taken seriously: One employee said, for at least a year, both the Seattle Police Department and the City Attorney's Office have raised concerns about the security of their communications and have asked for better means to transfer sensitive information, without any apparent luck. And two employees told Crosscut the department is not archiving emails properly, which means many years of communications are sitting in people's inboxes. That can make searching for specific records time-consuming and expensive and also leave large amounts of information exposed in the event of a breach.
All of this comes on the heels of an executive order, issued by Bruce Harrell during his five days as interim mayor, directing Chief Technology Officer Mattmiller to “assess the risks related to the management, sharing and protection of data under the control of or supported by the Seattle Information Technology Department on behalf of the City,” including “how data in response to public records is provided.” The report is due Nov. 15. Harrell issued the order before any word of the email disclosure.
The Seattle IT department is a new spinoff of the old Department of Information and Technology (DOIT). Its purpose is to consolidate all of the city's IT functions, moving employees and infrastructure out of the individual departments and into one space, under one director in Mattmiller. The consolidation, which has grown the department from around 200 to around 600 employees, is about halfway through its three-year timeline.
The goal is to reduce inefficiencies and improve communication in the city's IT departments. But the transition has never been smooth. From the beginning, the consolidation was met with skepticism. The police department, in particular, was very hesitant, according to one former police department employee. The reticence is reflected in extensive back and forth negotiations between SPD leadership and the IT department over which employees SPD could keep and who they had to turn over to IT, played out in emails obtained through a public records request. The emails show great concern about whether there was a proper plan in place.
“Don't know if they thought thru the issue of the talent they are going to lose when some of our IT employees find out they are no longer SPD employees,” former Chief Operating Office Mike Wagers wrote in an August 2015 email to Chief Kathleen O'Toole. “Some, not all, came to work for the SPD because of the purpose and mission, like sworn [officers] do. This is not an inconsequential point. … What if we started reassigning officers to another city department, like Fire. Said hey, it's still public safety and this is about best practices, creating efficiencies, creating standards, improving service delivery, etc.”
Police leadership continues to have concerns, with some officials recently speaking openly near reporters in a courtroom about how difficult IT has been to work with.
Since Crosscut published its article on dissatisfaction in the department, IT's leadership team set up occasional “lunch and learns” where employees are invited to eat lunch and communicate to management questions and concerns. Following publication, one employee said, “It took a while but it feels like the article has had some positive impact.”
But if there's been progress among employee morale, it's not evident in the wake of the leak. "I have no explanation for the level of batshit crazy in this place," said one employee, when asked about the breach. "Nobody at the top knows what they are doing."
“This is the perfect example, again,” said another employee. “Instead of focusing on what the issue is … it's being deflected.”
And yet another suspected the department is “woefully underplaying the significance of the potential privacy breach.”
Both the city and the state pride themselves on their transparency and willingness to provide records. Although response time often drags, the content of public records subject to requests is liberal, at least compared to some states.
But there are exemptions to what is subject to disclosure, including information about ongoing law enforcement investigations, personal contact information, communications between client and attorney, and many more. When someone requests emails that include an outside third party — like a private vendor or contractor, for example — the city notifies that person and offers them an opportunity to contest the release of the emails. At least one vendor has taken the city to federal court to prevent information about its product from being released, arguing the information was proprietary.
A spokesperson for the IT department said that, in the wake of the email release, they've set up a hotline for people to call in with concerns, and so far no one has.
However, one employee told Crosscut there were likely several emails detailing an internal complaint against Mattmiller, one of which would have almost certainly been withheld during a normal release of records.
The buffer against potential legal and administrative chaos in this scenario is only that Chapman has turned out to be, as Armbruster described him, a "good Samaritan." Efforts to track down Chapman were not successful; Crosscut contacted several Matthew Chapmans who denied being the requester. But Chapman has been willing to work with the city in the damage-containment effort spearheaded by the City Attorney's Office.
"Our attorneys and outside counsel worked with the requester to obtain a signed affidavit attesting to the destruction of all records thereby decreasing the risk of further disclosure of any sensitive records, or the potential for waiver of attorney-client privilege," the statement from the City Attorney's spokesperson said. "We are continuing to advise City departments regarding compliance with any other federal regulatory requirements and contractual obligations related to the incident. Finally, our public records staff continues to be engaged in developing training and protocols around public records disclosure to minimize the risk of reoccurrence.”
So far, no elected officials have commented on the email release.
HARRISON, NJ (April 23, 2012) –The 2012 Trophée des Champions, the French soccer Super Cup, is coming to the United States for the first time ever, pitting the French League 1 winner against the French Cup Champion at Red Bull Arena on Saturday, July 28 at 3 p.m. Tickets will go on sale on Wednesday, April 25 at 10 a.m. exclusively through TDC-NYC.com.
The match is the annual kickoff to the French soccer season, and the fourth consecutive year that the match will be contested outside of France, but the first time the match will be played in a country that is not French speaking.
New York Red Bulls Season Ticket Holders will get an exclusive pre-sale window to secure their seats which will include a 25% discount on tickets.
The match is organized each year by the French Soccer League, the LFP (Ligue de Football Professionnel), who runs the 2 top divisions in France, Ligue 1 and 2. Ligue 1 has 79 broadcasters in the world, and covers more than 150 countries. Among the clubs of Ligue 1 the most famous are Olympique de Marseille, Paris Saint Germain, Olympique Lyonnais and LOSC (Lille).
“We are very proud to organize the 2012 Trophée des Champions in the USA, especially here in New-York”, said LFP President Frédéric Thiriez. “Soccer becomes bigger and bigger in North America and we expect to promote our championship in the USA. I remember last season's game in the city of Tangiers, Morocco. Olympique Marseille has won Trophée des Champions 5-4 against LOSC after a tremendous game. In 2012, I am sure that both clubs will do their best to offer a magic moment in the beautiful Red Bull Arena because Trophée des Champions is not a friendly game : it's the first official match of the season and one of the 4 trophies a club can win in France. Aside the game, we are very proud and confident to have such a great partner as ComCast-Spectator, that will allow us the best promotion and implementation we could dream of”.
Comcast-Spectacor, the Philadelphia-based sports and entertainment firm, today announced through a partnership with its subsidiary Front Row Marketing Services, that the company is bringing the 2012 Trophée des Champions to the United States for the first time ever.
“We are very excited to partner with the LFP to bring one of the world's elite professional club championships to the United States for the first time, in a metropolitan area that is one of the most eclectic and sports savvy anywhere,” said Comcast-Spectacor President Peter Luukko. “This event will be a great next step as we continue our worldwide expansion in marketing some of the most unique events in sport.”
Comcast-Spectacor is a total entertainment provider, offering facility management through its subsidiary Global Spectrum, specializing in food and beverage and catering services through its subsidiary Ovations Food Services, and selling tickets through Paciolan, a ticketing software company, and New Era Tickets, a full-service ticketing division. Comcast-Spectacor also owns the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League.
Front Row Marketing Services will manage and market all the logistics of the event, from ticketing and sponsorship sales to digital and television distribution. There will be a number of special events on the east coast in advance of the event, as well as other fan-friendly marketing activation platforms in and around the stadium, all promoting the partnership and celebrating the first-time event on American soil for an international mix of soccer fans. Television and brand partnerships for the event will be announced in the coming weeks.
“This match by any definition is a prestigious signature event in the European Football season and it displays the opportunity that Front Row Marketing Services and Front Row Analytics can have in the global sports community - We have been building tremendous momentum across many fronts and the LFP's trust in our organization is further evidence of the synergy that we can offer when we integrate the entire Comcast-Spectacor family of companies and talented executives. Finally, the game is also very fortunate to have the tremendous staff and venue of Red Bull Arena” said Front Row Marketing Services President Chris Lencheski.
“It was a logical move for me to introduce Ligue 1 to Comcast Spectacor. Front Row Marketing's capabilities will certainly deliver the results the French League is expecting as they introduce their brand in the United States. This partnership will be a great fit moving forward,” said match consultant Joe Fraga.
“We are very excited to host the 2012 Trophée des Champions – a prestigious match with an illustrious history of fantastic soccer,” said New York Red Bulls President, Business Operations Chris Heck. “Red Bull Arena is the top soccer stadium in North America and we are proud to welcome two fantastic French teams to the United States for the first time in the competition's history.”
Pyre: Successor to Bastion and Transistor
The newest game brought to us by Supergiant Games, the creators of Bastion and Transistor, is Pyre. The upcoming game is launching on the 25th of July on the PS4 and PC.
While not out yet, the game is available for pre-order on the PlayStation Network and Steam in North America. That said, Supergiant also stated recently on their twitter that a UK buy should be available as of next week. As of right now the game has been reduced by 10 percent for any pre – orders.
The game focuses on a small caravan of exiles trying to make their way back home, all by performing a series of competitive rituals that seem like a weird game off fantasy soccer.
Check out the upcoming game in the trailer below.
Please take a second to give us a follow on our Twitter @TheSaveSpot1 or our instagram thesavespot. We're a little gaming website that is trying to be like the little engine that could, but we can't without your support.
In an exclusive interview with Sen. Marco Rubio, Scott Keyes of Think Progress, spoke to the senator about discrimination in the workplace. And, boy howdy, did Rubio step in it. If this guy wants to be taken seriously as a presidential hopeful, he needs to get his ducks in a much more centrist row. Here's a transcript of the exchange:
KEYES: The Senate this summer is going to be taking up the Employment Non-Discrimination Act which makes it illegal to fire someone for being gay. Do you know if you'll be supporting that? RUBIO: I haven't read the legislation. By and large I think all Americans should be protected but I'm not for any special protections based on orientation. KEYES: What about on race or gender? RUBIO: Well that's established law. KEYES: But not for sexual orientation?
But he's not a bigot, he says. Oh, please. The only reason to discriminate against another American, someone protected by the same Constitution as you, is because you don't like something about them. Whether it's their gender, their skin, their religion or their sexual orientation, hating on someone for no reason other than intolerance is the very definition of a bigot:
bigot- noun – a person who holds blindly and intolerantly to a particular creed, opinion, etc.
To expect an American to live as a second-class citizen because you don't like something about them is not the sort of behavior that qualifies one to run for President of the United States. LGBT Americans are not asking for special protections, they just want the same protections that everyone else has. The protections that are given us by our Constitution.
Discrimination against LGBT workers stands at two-in-five against openly gay or bisexual employees and that number grows when transgender individuals are included. Despite most Americans believing otherwise, it is still legal in 21 states to discriminate against LGBT employees. Apparently, that number is fine by Rubio.
Something else that's perfectly fine by Sen. Rubio is discriminating against LGBT immigrants. Talking about Sen. Patrick Leahy's amendment that would allow gay Americans to petition for a same-sex spouse to obtain a green card, he told Fox's Andrea Tantaros:
“If this bill has in it something that gives gay couples immigration rights and so forth, it kills the bill. I'm done. I'm off it, and I've said that repeatedly. I don't think that's going to happen and it shouldn't happen. This is already a difficult enough issue as it is.”
Nice to know that Rubio's bigotry extends to all aspects of life. His reputation as a “centrist” on LGBT issues is undeserved. A bigot is a bigot: Rubio is one and his actions speak louder than his words. We will be watching you, Rubio, and marking well your vote on the Employment Non-Discrimination Act.
Here's the (thankfully brief) video:
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kl1k9nYs2kQ?feature=player_embedded&w=640&h=360]
Story highlights U.S. officials have acknowledged that the training of rebels has fallen short
Monitoring group says at least 75 fighters are now north of Aleppo
(CNN) At least 75 fighters trained by U.S., British and Turkish forces have entered northern Syria, a monitoring group said.
The fighters crossed over from Turkey on Friday and Saturday and are now located in areas north of the city of Aleppo, said the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
Their arrival comes shortly after U.S. officials acknowledged that the Pentagon's program to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels to help fight ISIS had fallen far short of its original aims.
A top U.S. general told the Senate last week that of the thousands of fighters the U.S. military was supposed to train in the first year, only four or five remained in place on the battlefield.
In light of the stark shortcomings, the Pentagon is expected to carry out a major overhaul of the training program for the rebels.
Read More
Russia's International Information Agency Rossiya Segodnya and Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) signed an agreement Sunday on creation of common information space and promotion of objective coverage of the two countries in the world media field.
© Sputnik / Damir Bulatov Rossiya Segodnya Launches Photo Contest in Memory of Andrei Stenin
TEHRAN, January 4 (Sputnik) — Russia's International Information Agency Rossiya Segodnya and Iran's Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA) signed an agreement Sunday on the increase of cooperation between the two agencies.
"Iran and Russia are natural allies in building a multi-polar, multistructural, multi-colored world… We have mostly a common understanding with the leadership of IRNA of the situation in the international information space and the purpose of our work," Rossiya Segodnya's General Director Dmitry Kiselev said at the signing of the agreement with IRNA's Head Mohammad Khoddadi.
© Sputnik / Ramil Sitdikov International Media Seminar for Young Journalists Opens at Rossiya Segodnya
According to the signed memorandum, the sides will develop bilateral cooperation between Russia and Iran. Joint projects of the two agencies will focus on creation of common information space and promotion of objective coverage of the two countries in the world media field.
"Relations between the two countries are at a high level. It is necessary to fill the gap in the information sphere. In our work, we have to rely on first-hand information rather than sources of third countries," Khoddadi said in his turn.
Islamic Republic News Agency is the official state news agency of Iran. Founded in 1934, the agency now has 60 news bureaus around the country and 30 worldwide.
We here at iFixit are big fans of Graphite, but sometimes I want to plot data that hasn't made its way into Graphite yet. For instance, today I wanted to see how our CSRF failures have changed over time.
Since we log every failure, we can pull out instances pretty easily with grep :
[$]> grep CSRF php_debug.log | head -n 5 Oct 1 01:16:39 10.250.0.0 php: ◼|>>> [0.0.0.0] Unknown user, invalid CSRF. Found: klFWI Expected: TdWnO Array Oct 1 01:16:39 10.250.0.0 php: ◼|>>> [0.0.0.0] Unknown user, invalid CSRF. Found: klFWI Expected: TdWnO Array Oct 1 01:16:40 10.250.0.0 php: ◼|>>> [0.0.0.0] Unknown user, invalid CSRF. Found: b1B35 Expected: 5PDl2 Array Oct 1 01:16:40 10.250.0.0 php: ◼|>>> [0.0.0.0] Unknown user, invalid CSRF. Found: b1B35 Expected: 5PDl2 Array Oct 1 01:16:42 10.250.0.0 php: ◼|>>> [0.0.0.0] Unknown user, invalid CSRF. Found: MTXff Expected: CQgPQ Array [$]> grep CSRF php_debug.log > csrf_failures.log
Grouping and counting these entries by date is easy with awk and sort :
[$]> awk '{print $1, $2}' csrf_failures.log | uniq -c 148275 Oct 1 120430 Oct 2 91808 Oct 3 85287 Oct 4 82859 Oct 5 81987 Oct 6 87585 Oct 7 88378 Oct 8 87490 Oct 9 82574 Oct 10 77563 Oct 11 80779 Oct 12 88841 Oct 13 91723 Oct 14 97711 Oct 15 92099 Oct 16 89417 Oct 17 69037 Oct 18 3683 Oct 19 4958 Oct 20 4308 Oct 21 6540 Oct 22 5514 Oct 23 3561 Oct 24 4818 Oct 25 22023 Oct 26 3915 Oct 27 4487 Oct 28 4657 Oct 29 4833 Oct 30 1804 Oct 31
By the way, if you're still scared of awk, go read Why you should learn just a little Awk - it gives you the basics you need to do really useful things without requiring you to learn all the intricacies of the tool.
Now, that's an interesting set of data, but it's a bit hard to visualize. Gnuplot is the standard solution for this problem, but its syntax is... a bit difficult to wrangle. Thankfully, Christian Wolf created eplot, a tool that takes stdin and munges it to be gnuplot-consumable. For terminal use, you'll want to apply this patch:
--- eplot.orig 2012-10-12 17:07:35.000000000 -0700 +++ eplot 2012-10-12 17:09:06.000000000 -0700 @@ -377,6 +377,7 @@ # ---- print the options com="echo '
"+getStyleString+@oc["MiscOptions"] com=com+"set multiplot;
" if doMultiPlot + com=com+"set terminal dumb;
" com=com+"plot "+@oc["Range"]+comString+"
'| gnuplot -persist" printAndRun(com) # ---- convert to PDF
Now, run our previous command through eplot and... tada!
Instant Reaction: CCC (Open)
#2 North Carolina takes home the CCC title with a thrilling 17-15 victory over #20 Florida State. Get our quick take on UNC's success, Central Florida's struggles, and the strength of the Southeast in our Instant Reaction.
ATLANTA — The 21st annual Classic City Classic just wrapped up in Athens, Georgia, and featured some outstanding late fall competition. Although all four pool #1 seeds made the semifinals, the tournament results were far from predictable. From Central Florida's struggles to some impressive performances from some surprising teams, there is a lot to talk about heading into the fall.
Here is an instant reaction on the weekend.
– UNC is the real deal and consistently looked like the best team at the tournament. Their offense is very impressive for this early in the year, getting contributions from everyone on the line and meshing very well with a new offensive line handler in Jon Nethercutt. Christian Johnson has got to be on the early Callahan watch lists after a dominating performance, roasting defenders deep, under, and with solid break throws.
They withstood three great performances this weekend — on Saturday from Florida and on Sunday from Georgia and Florida State in the semis and finals, respectively. The UNC defense picked up where it left off from last season, using amplifying pressure and in-game adjustments to ratchet up the intensity in the second half and earn breaks. Both Georgia and Florida State had strong offensive performances but couldn't hold off UNC late in the game.
UNC also played from behind for the first time this year and didn't blink. They trailed by three to Florida State midway through the second half before slowly chipping away at the lead. It was a statement tournament win for UNC who finishes the fall undefeated and, with Central Florida's struggles, will enter the Spring as the nation's #1 team.
– The Southeast Region is going to be a battle this year.
If CCC is any indication of what we can expect come late Spring, there are going to be more than a handful of teams in the mix for a spot at Nationals. Central Florida, Florida State, Georgia, Florida, and Tulane are all going to be very good teams.
FSU has a big crop of rookies, but they were impressive in the finals, managing to gum up UNC's offense occasionally and showing glimpses of some very good offense. They withered under intense UNC reset pressure late in the game, throwing away a few centering swing passes, but, with time, they will be better prepared for the level of these games.
Despite losing a major offensive piece in Max Leonard, Georgia looks like they have taken a big step up from last season. The team got contributions from up and down the roster, running mostly open lines, and took UNC down to the wire in their semifinal matchup (the better of the two semis). Captain Elliot Erickson played a lot of points against UNC and UCF and was clearly an on-field leader, but the offense wasn't predicated on him. Sam Little had a huge game in the semifinals and connected frequently with Erickson with both goals and assists.
Florida needs to develop some depth behind Bobby Ley, but they have great potential. Ley was virtually unstoppable this weekend and single-handedly — playing almost every point — kept them close against UNC.
Tulane may have lost 15-10 to UCF, but the game felt closer than that. They were generating a lot of chances defensively but weren't playing smart in the second half, perhpas due to fatigue or just a lack of big game experience. There were frequent drives where their defensive line offense would reach the red zone before throwing away a hammer.
But Tulane has a lot to feel confident about. They played a great first half against UCF and their offense, using lots of quick lateral disc movement, looked very good when it was working. Their defense did not struggle to generate turnovers. With more polish, they can be a challenger in the region.
– What's going on with Central Florida? After setting a goal of “destroying” the competition this weekend, they were instead listless and wholly average on the field in Athens.
Part of that is due to a number of missing starters, including Mischa Freystaetter (who didn't travel with the team), Jeremy Langdon (ankle), and Tommy Hankin. But some of their best players — including John Best and Mike Ogren — just didn't come up with big performances when the team needed them most.
You certainly can't pin blame on any one player or moment. There just seemed to be a lack of fire in the team this weekend, and they ended up coming home with three losses (Virginia Tech, Florida State, and Georgia).
After their loss to Virginia Tech, coach Andrew Roca talked about the team having an early season identity crisis like they did last year at CCC. What is clear is that the team did not look championship caliber. Had they managed to beat FSU in semis, they would have been thumped by UNC in the finals.
It's way too early — and the team has too much talent — to sound the alarm about UCF's chances in the spring. But this will be a big wake-up call.
Photo Credit: Courtesy
{Originally posted to the author's blog, Inspiration of Zion}
I envision a day when the Encyclopedia Britannica and even basic printed dictionaries will become banned material.
Advertisement
People will hide them in their basements, in their attics. A family secret, the children will see them for the first time by flashlight. Maybe the windows will have to be blackened, so the neighbors will not accidentally see the family engaged in illicit activity.
My stomach clenches in agony when I see Encyclopedias piled up next to the garbage bin. No one seems to want them anymore. Why take up so much space on a shelf? If you need to look something up, today we can just ask Google
I cringe when I see kids copy-paste text from Wikipedia for their homework. Do they know that the information posted there is fluid? Anyone can sign up to be a contributor. Usually, the material will be fairly accurate, the knowledge of the masses is significant and new contributors will correct mistakes in submissions by previous contributors.
But what happens when the subject is controversial? Who decides when the information is correct?
Facts cannot remain solid when it is “narrative” that rules.
The cyberwar for Reality is being overlooked but this is what will define our understanding of the world. It is no longer the individual's desire for knowledge that defines how much or what quality of information is consumed. Our information is controlled, as is the access to it, and what comes up in our search is what we conclude about any given subject.
Entries on Israel, Jerusalem, Palestine, the Temple Mount etc. are constantly being changed by Wikipedia warriors, trying to solidify their “narrative” and, eventually, influence the answer to the “question of the Jewish people”.
Google algorithms are designed to bring up the “best” the most “correct” or “beneficial” search results. But who defines what is the most correct?
Recently I got a message saying: do a Google image search for the term “White couple”, you will be stunned by the results. I was certain the message was a hoax but I did the search anyway. The results that came up DID stun me.
Most of the images were of mixed race couples. Obviously, the results would have been reasonable, had I searched for an image of “a couple”. That search could reasonably include any combination of race, ethnicity or even gender but here I asked Google for one thing and what I received was something else, the result Google deemed “best”.
Interestingly it seems that Google has also tweaked the results for the term “American Inventor” in order to highlight African-American inventors. This seems like an excellent idea. We should know about these people and their contributions to society. The question is, what happens when the search results are tweaked in a way we consider negative, for example, discriminating against other people or ideas?
Facebook is one of, if not the largest media curator today. Facebook algorithms are designed to keep users on Facebook. This means that the algorithms ensure that users will see material that they like – which is exactly how the echo-chamber is created. Unless the user initiates specific actions to see information unlike that of which they have previously liked, they will only see material that reinforces the opinions and views they already hold. All other information will simply not appear in the Facebook feed.
Unlike Google, Facebook has publicly discussed their attempts to control information in ways that are beneficial to the user. “Community Guidelines” have been instated to keep harmful or abusive material from the public forum. Users who come across offensive, abusive or inciting material can report it to Facebook and, supposedly, it will be removed, for the good of all.
Here again, we return to the question of who is controlling the information? Who decides what is compatible with “Community Standards”?
As an individual user, it seems to me that Facebook has some pretty strange ideas about community. According to the results I have received after reporting offensive and hateful material, Facebook seems to think that Holocaust denial and inciteful hate speech against Jews, particularly Israelis, is normal “community” behavior. I don't think any of the posts I have reported have been removed. The fact that incitement on Facebook has recently been the deciding factor in driving many terrorists to murder Israelis does not seem to register on the Facebook radar or conscience.
Our Wikipedia world is dangerous. Facts slide away in the update of a Wiki page. Information is curated by faceless people or organizations deciding what to present to us. How is it possible to hold on to the truth when it is other people who define for us what is true? Or tell us that there is no truth, or that everything is true, depending on what “narrative” you are basing your truth on.
The only answer I know is to do things the Jewish way. With books that don't change. With memory and oral tradition. With parents pro-actively teaching children what they know to be true because they saw it, because their parents saw it, lived it. Holding on to the truth, even while others slide into the abyss of whatever is “politically correct” at the time.
The task before us is enormous. Who even knows what to do in order to begin?
I have made my own attempt to re-teach definitions of a few keystone concepts: Zionism, Palestinian, narrative, West Bank, Wailing Wall, feminism. All of these terms have been perverted to mean something other than their original intention. Pull them out of the lies and the false empires built around them will crumble. There are more such concepts, of course, but these seem to be a good place to start.
In a Wikipedia world, in a world where my outlet to discuss the injustice of Facebook is – Facebook – is there any hope of building a solid truth based, fact-based, reality?
I shudder to imagine the world that will be created if we do not try.
(Courtesy of eBay)
Unstaffed digital stores that track your every move.
EBay, in partnership with Westfield Labs, has introduced touchscreen storefronts this month. Consumers can learn about products and make purchases, which are then delivered to them. Retailers have the chance to gain a larger presence in malls without building an additional store. Malls can find a use for blank walls. Toms, Sony and Rebecca Minkoff are taking advantage of the new technology.
“It really changes what does it mean to be a retailer. We want to be the change agent for how people shop. This is the future of shopping being created by us,” said Steve Yankovich, vice president of innovation and new ventures at eBay.
The storefronts use infrared technology to track how many customers walk by and how engaged they are. The sensors are smart enough to distinguish between a person who merely walks by, a person who walks by and turns his head, and one who stops and faces the glass. That data can be shared with the stores to modify the experience to better appeal to customers.
The goal is a seamless, frictionless buying experience. Currently customers enter their phone number on the glass screen to complete the purchasing process to their smartphones, for security purposes. Yankovich says one of eBay's next steps is finding a way to glean customers' cellphone numbers, so that the buying process is even easier for them.
The days of a cashier asking you for your e-mail address or phone number may be numbered.
Get your kicks.
Apps that reward you for walking into a store, and guide you toward purchases.
Shopkick is essentially a digital layer to enhance the traditional brick-and-mortar experience. At participating retailers, the app will give you reward points, called kicks, when you walk inside. Kicks can be redeemed for gift cards. The app will also recommend items within the store for you.
“Stores are anything but dead, but it is clear consumers can have a better experience,” said Shopkick CEO Cyriac Roeding.
The app relies on your smartphone's microphone picking up an ultrasound signal emitted from small sensors in the store. Bluetooth low energy technology, which is on newer smartphones, appears poised to take apps such as Shopkick to the next level. Shopkick has begun a trial at Macy's stores in San Francisco and New York that uses Apple's iBeacon technology, which relies on Bluetooth low energy.
Roeding calls the ultrasound-Bluetooth combination “the killer solution.” Bluetooth solves a current Shopkick shortcoming, the app must be turned on before you enter the store. The Bluetooth technology can wake the app up, leaving users with one less thing to do.
Swirl is also looking to shake up the retail space, including targeting promotions to the exact type of merchandise you're standing in front of.
Some things are hard to find. That's where The Hunt comes in.
Enlist strangers to find exactly what you want.
The Hunt is an app that helps you find the clothes you want. Users post photos of things they're interested in or help other users find exactly what they're looking for.
Stop battling the crowds. Or even worrying about picking your own clothes.
On Stitchfix you fill out a style profile and have its experts mail clothes to you. They will account for your price range as well. Keep what you like and send back the rest. The service costs $20, and you receive 25 percent back if you keep the entire order.
We're still in the early stages of technology changing retail. We've seen online retailers such as Amazon chip away at traditional retailers, but the use of smartphones to enhance in-person and online purchasing is just beginning.
(Disclosure: Amazon's chief executive Jeff Bezos owns The Washington Post)
The continuing controversy surrounding America's reliance on lethal injection for capital punishment was vividly on display in the four executions Arkansas carried out last week. Two of those executions were marked by serious problems. Last Monday, it took almost an hour to find a vein and complete the execution of Jack Jones. And a witness to Thursday night's execution of Kenneth Williams said the condemned man was “coughing, convulsing, lurching, (and) jerking” after the administration of midazolam, which was supposed to make him unconscious and insensate.
But most commentary about those specific mishaps has ignored the fact that the difficulties with lethal injection can neither be attributed solely to the use or misuse of a single drug nor solved by any combination of drugs. Those problems are variations of the same problems that have beset every execution method that, over the last century and more, America has tried in the hopes of putting people to death in a safe, reliable, and humane manner.
Since the earliest recorded execution in the United States in 1608, our country has put to death approximately 16,000 men and women. Throughout most of that time, we relied on hanging to carry out executions. However, from the end of the nineteenth century to the present day, the U.S. has sought new ways to impose death without unnecessary pain. The continuing search for an execution method that would prove unfailingly humane and civilized has successfully assuaged the sensibilities of the American public, but utterly failed to set capital punishment apart from the heinous crimes it is used to punish.
Through successive changes in methods of execution—from hanging to electrocution, gas chamber to lethal injection—the U.S. has struggled to make the practice of capital punishment appear peaceful and precise and transform execution from dramatic spectacle to a cool, bureaucratic operation. But this struggle has never borne fruit. In recent research, I and my collaborators examined all American executions from 1890-2010. We found that 3 percent of those executions were botched in one way or another.
I thought that maybe the corny ass 90′s intro thing we saw last week was a one time thing. Not only is it here to stay, it gets updated with new cast mates that show up. JJ looks like he's on the cast of a TGIF show like Step by Step:
And Mikey T has to be my favorite so far;
Line starts here ladies.
The question is why. This seems like the kind of behavior of a franchise that is looking to expand upon it's brand. You expect this with someone like MTV who plasters people's faces all over the place for the real world because those same people stick around for years doing The challenge (we all know the real world is just a feeder into the far superior show). We know the Johnny Bananas and the Paula's and the Wes's because MTV markets them. That is their bread and butter. Survivor doesn't do cast intro's anymore. Most of them are one and done so why bother. Is ABC really trying to make these people household names? Speaking of Survivor, I want to watch Joe on a show like that. His manipulation this episode was phenomenal. Guy is the biggest dick ever and still has grown men crying and apologizing to him. I'm going to borrow one of JJ's metaphors and say that Joe is playing chess while everyone else is playing tic-tac-toe. I want to see this guy go up against other people that are trying to manipulate him as well. Maybe next summer we will get Surivor: Bachelor Rejects. I mean, the opening montage is already set.
By the way, here is a clip of 90′s shows introductions to make you feel as old as shit Clare:
The first hour and a half of Sunday's episode was boring as fuck. No one likes watching 2 people have casual conversation or Ashley's sister complain and cry. Luckily we don't have to put up with the latter for much longer because the sister is leaving. After new arrival Josh casts her aside for Tenley, Lauren has had enough. This happens right after she brags about being a mistress to a guy that isn't married. I think that's called being a side piece. Anyway, Ashley's sidekick leaves, no one cares. JJ then makes a bunch of forced analogies that no one asked for. He needs to chill it on those. One time JJ was asked what an analogy was and he said it was like a thought with another thought's hat on.
So Josh picked out Tenley for his date and there is yet another guy that starts the long walk down to the beach to join the cast:
Joe steps into the ring and seems to be a bit out of it. He has apparently been hyped up quite a bit by his castmates and does everything in his power to show why he shouldn't have been. He sits around and stares awkwardly, gives one word answers, mumbles his way through his date card. At one point everyone thinks he asked Julia on date. Then he starts asking her if they are going on a date. Was really weird. This was all after he called our Clare for being old and on the show again. Clare runs away and cries while the producers do that trick where they cut in an animal to make it look like she's talking to one. I'm not sure why they decided to go in the direction that makes Clare look like Dr. Doolittle, but it's played out at this point. Meanwhile, Josh heads off with way out of his league Tenley. She can't stop talking about how she likes guys with big wieners hands. They dance and make out. JJ isn't worried though because *insert stupid JJ analogy here*. Tenley is glowing from her date and Ashley S comments how she has never seen her so happy. In the whole couple of weeks you've known her you've never seen her so happy?
Everyone is lounging around at the pool and Josh starts talking about some wild partying he's done back in the day. It sounds like he had a Hangover like experience when he was in Vegas and ended up doing Molly:
I meant Moly (the drug). Ashley I's virgin ears hear this and you would have thought that Josh said he killed Chris Harrison. She ends up treating him like you would a one-man wolf pack that wears a fannie pack and drugs his friends. Joe is off on his date with Julia and he does and says all the right things in order to get her rose. Joe is there for Samantha (who looks like she arrives next week). Joe needs that rose to get there. Joe is a scumbag and is perfect for this kind of setting.
Jared and Clare are busy sitting around the camp fire and we have a date card arrive. Jared looks over and asks Clare to go with him and this sets off a chain of events that even Rube Goldberg himself would have been proud of. Ashley runs off and cries her eyes out and Mikey T is ready to fight. Back home I can imagine Mikey getting into a fight and his boys are their to back him up and he tells them all to take off their shirts before the fight begins:
Joe is off having a heart to fart with one of the producers about Julia. Producer asks him about what he's doing with her and responds by ripping one in front of her. Joe clearly ran out of fucks to give a long time ago.
Jared sets sail and is off on a date with his mom Clare. Clare strips down and shows that she still gots it. They go bungie jumping and she tells Jared how she hasn't been fucked since Juan Pablo took it to her on his season.
Michael G shows up and he is there for Tenley and only Tenley. They have dinner at some water gazebo type thing. Mexicans played music for them. They danced.
After the date the game of musical chairs begins. Mikey awkwardly tries to kiss Julia because he has no shot with anyone else. Joe ends up forcing Mikey to apologize and shoves his face in his shit like you do to a dog that just dumped in your house. Joe wasn't done there however. He sets his sights on Jonathan and makes him apologize to Julia and isn't happy until the guy runs off to the bathroom in tears. See, Jonathan tried to warn Julia about guys like Joe. Joe is diabolical. I would probably watch a show of Joe being mean to people and breaking their will.
Jared had fun with Clare on the date, but doesn't see anything long term as he tells her she is 8 years older. She was 8 years older before you took her on the date, Jared. You know how older people go to the doctors office to get some test results and get disappointed when the doc says your blood pressure if good for your age? Jared just told Clare that she is hot…..for her age.
Before the rose ceremony Clare makes some sort of passionate speech about how this year's cast sucks and isn't there to find love. Jade doesn't take too kindly to this and has a rebuttal for her. Tensions are high. Roses are being passed out. The obvious one's go first. We get to Tenley and I think she's going for newcomer Michael G. We get a fakeout and she sticks with Josh. I felt like this wasn't highlighted enough. What is it about Josh? It's Clare's turn to rose and she pauses and runs off. One of the duties of Chris Harrison is to express concern. We end with a to be continued.
Sunday episode sucked, Monday more than made up for it. Next week looks to be great as well. Sam looked smokin hot in those previews by the way.
See ya next week
- Nick
Zana Ramadani is a former member of Femen, and one of the activists who founded of Femen in Germany. She was born in Germany of Albanian stock — her parents were from Macedonia, and her mother was a believing Muslim.
Many thanks to Nash Montana for translating this interview with Zana Ramadani published in Tages Anzeiger:
I am only against one very particular brand of feminists. Those who speak of solidarity among women but don't live it. Those that think the only evil in this world is the white Western male, and he can be criticized without limit, unimpeded, while they automatically call you a racist if you criticize men from foreign cultures that are extremely misogynistic. Feminism is about human rights: one should be able to criticize anything and everything that abuses women's rights, even Muslims. So when feminists call me a racist when I do that, I have a problem with their understanding of what feminism is.
If I were a German woman, they would call me a Nazi-slut and a racist; we know these accusations always come up first. But because I am a Muslim woman, it makes it harder and therefore worse. That I as a woman express myself critically against Islam is the worst of all. And so I am simply called mentally ill and traumatized. But they also fear me more, because I know very well what it is I am speaking of. Whenever possible, my opponents always avoid sitting across from me in talk shows.
It would be absurd to say no, I'm not afraid. It weighs on me, yes, but I try to not let it take over.
Well, you can find pretty much anything there. They call me a whore, they threaten me with rape, murder, and since I am pregnant now, they threaten to kick my child out of my body.
The gender-feminists. They ridicule my education, call me a single incident and relativize. The conservative Muslims, on the other hand, don't criticize; they only threaten me.
That's a lot more difficult to get than one might imagine. I have filed numerous reports with the police, but because the threats, especially on social media, are almost all anonymous, the police can't do very much. I therefore applied for a gun license last year.
You tangle with everybody in your book: with politics, especially the Left, with feminists, conservative Islam, Muslim machos and their enabling mothers. Do you need police protection?
That was one of the reasons. Femen always had attracted these gender-feminists. It went so far that they wanted to burn a German flag at the Holocaust memorial to protest Fifa, and one wrote on her breasts “Bomber-Harris, do it again” because of Pegida in Dresden. That is unacceptable to me. [Translator's note: Here's a link about Bomber Harris in which he said he'd destroy Dresden again.]
Your family fled from Macedonia to Germany when you were seven years old. While your father was progressive and eager to start a new life, your mother became more traditional. Why?a
I was very lucky that my father was so educated. He came from a liberal family; not one of the women wore a hijab. When we arrived in Germany, he avoided contact with other Albanians, and instead became active in village life. He immediately learned German and told us over and over just how important it is to speak the language and that we have to work hard to speak it.
And your mother?
She couldn't find connections. She was on the phone every week, for hours and hours, with her family at home and so she remained imprisoned in that world. The values and morals from there, which my father never liked, the narrow=mindedness and the parochialism against which he had always defended himself, became more and more important to her. Because the Germans were seen as the unbelievers, and German women were sluts, she had — the older I got — an ever-increasing need to control me. Because I could defile the family honor and then no Albanian man would want to marry me anymore. And it would be seen as her fault.
The women continue doing that under which you used to suffer as well?
The women are the biggest oppressors of their daughters. That's why it would be important to concentrate on the women with integration efforts, and to show them the achievements of the Western world, because in the Muslim world women are the ones that are responsible for the preservation of family honor, not the men. The sons can sell drugs, be violent, that's all no problem for the mothers, because the family honor will not be harmed by that. But the virginity of the daughter has to be protected at any price. And when that's not the case, then it's the mother who has failed, and has brought shame over the family. That's why at some point my mother ordered her brothers to come to Germany. I fled on that very same evening to the women's shelter, because I was rightfully afraid that I would be taken to Macedonia to be married off.
Muslim mothers in general get a bad rap in your book: You write of a fatal “cub-cult”.
Because the boys are being raised to be princes. They are coddled, spoiled, waited on hand and foot, and last but not least they're raised to be losers. They fail in life, because the West is a meritocracy. It's an achievement-oriented society. But in their homes they are being taught something entirely different. They don't know that there are expectations of them, that they have to work hard, make efforts, and endeavor. And therefore they fail. And of course it's always someone else's fault first: The female teacher — that kuffar slut — has no business telling a son what to do. Or just generally all Westerners; they are all racists and don't give Muslims a chance.
You write that you avoid certain areas in Berlin, for instance Neukölln, that you would be looked at and treated as fair game. Is that not a bit exaggerated?
No. In Neukölln, Wedding and Kreuzberg there are streets where you cannot go as a woman, and especially not during the summer. It's like you're running the gauntlet, you get massively harassed. Just recently I parked my car in Neukölln, and a young Muslim man yelled at me: “Hey slut, get lost, I want that parking space.” I only felt safe there once: last year when I wore a hijab for a report — for the first time the men didn't look at me. It just can't be that I, as a woman in a German city, only receive respect when I am veiled.
Is this the reason you fight back so vehemently against the hijab?
The hijab stands for gender apartheid. Wherever political Islam marches in, the veiling of the women takes place as well. In the beginning the hijab was merely meant to be able to tell honorable women from slaves that were free to be used. Yes, used, that's what it says. And this is the thought-basis for the hijab, and it still exists: one differentiates moral women from immoral women. Therefore Western women are sluts and whores who can be touched.
Is that what third generation Muslims think who live in the West?
Wow, you should hear just how many of them speak of Westerners and what they speak about. That's like Pegida in Turkish. Or Albanian or Arabic.
Still: Religious Muslim women who wear the hijab insist on their right of self-determination.
That self-determination is a joke. Millions of women in Muslim countries do not have a choice whether they want to wear the hijab. In Iran they even shave their heads because of it. And here they speak of freedom? I wish there were a hijab ban, especially in schools; at least there the Muslim girls should be free. For minor girls the hijab should be banned anyway: When you put a hijab on a 12-year-old, it sexualizes her, but they are still children! it really enrages me that from all of that understanding that some profess to have, they can't comprehensively connect the simplest dots.
You are making exactly this understanding responsible for radical Islam. It's a bold thesis.
No. Politics has courted conservative Islam for years, with their representatives and proxies being invited to talk show after talk show. All the while it is never about spirituality for them, but only about politics. At the same time nobody hears or listens to progressive Muslims, because they aren't as loud. And they don't have as much money either. Therefore even those Muslims who never even visited a mosque pre-millennially — I'm speaking of the majority of them — suddenly they get the impression that being Muslim is like its own identity. And that they are being discriminated against by “the others”, the Germans and the Swiss, and that they have to therefore defend their Muslim identity. And because of sheer Western uber-tolerance, the more tolerant Muslims are thrown to the mercy of the conservative Muslims.
You are going one step further: You are making Islam responsible for Islamism.
No other religion brings forth so many murderers as Islam. With that in mind, one cannot just say then that one has nothing to do with the other. Of course it does. You don't have to go search for apologies or justifications or find any excuses. Muslims would rather see themselves as victims instead of practicing self criticism. But this is exactly what backward Islam deprives them of, this ability for self-criticism, because it is fixated on the afterlife and not on the present. It is not about progress or about asking questions. For instance this one: Why is hate being preached in a mosque, a holy place, a place of spirituality? The fact that you will never ever get an answer to this question says it all.
Culture
Escape From East Germany
Three siblings, trapped in communist Germany, risked their lives and took on the Berlin Wall one by one. The amazing story of how the crafty band of brothers escaped to freedom in the West.
1 / 4 The two ultralight aircraft buzzed through the dawn sky, following the Berlin Wall, just 250 metres below. Left of the floodlit “death strip” was the West, where the planes, little more than deck chairs attached to wings made of tubes and fabric, had taken off just a few minutes before. To the right of the Wall was the East, the danger zone they intended to enter. At the controls of the leading plane, Ingo Bethke was as tense as on his own escape from the German Democratic Republic (GDR), but he grinned with satisfaction. There was no sign of activity from border guards. Their rules prevented them from firing at aircraft without permission. To confuse border guards even more, big Soviet-style red stars were glued to the camouflage pattern of the ten-metre wings. Both pilots – Ingo and his brother Holger – wore army coats with red stars on their helmets. “Hello, Eagle Two,” Ingo said to his brother by walkie-talkie. “I bet the phones down there are starting to ring!” The third brother, Egbert, hid in bushes, waiting for them to land. The three brothers grew up in southeast Berlin, as close and loyal friends. Loud and boisterous, they were always getting into scrapes. Their parents were both high-ranking police officers and hard-line communists. Ingo, the eldest by a year, was seven when the Wall went up. His ambition was to see the world, but it could never happen as long as he was trapped in the East. Signing on for military service, he joined a regiment guarding the border along 80 kilometres of the Elbe River north of Berlin. He got to know the area and made his plan carefully, keeping it secret from his fellow soldiers. In May 1975, now 21 and working as a street cleaner, Ingo managed to get a rental car for a weekend, after waiting four months. Telling nobody of his plan, he drove with a friend to the “green” border along the Elbe where he had patrolled. There was no wall, but the death strip was full of hazards. First there was a wide strip of carefully raked sand. Next was a strong metal fence capped with barbed wire and a tripwire that activated floodlights when touched. Behind that was a strip with mines. They managed to get through, and lying low at the water's edge, they blew up air mattresses and silently paddled 150 metres to the other side. A West German border police van was parked up the road. “It's a cold night for swimming,” the officer told Ingo when he tapped on the window. “Not when you're swimming out of the East,” Ingo grinned. Next: How a bow-and-arrow helped Holger
join his brother in the West.
2 / 4 The escape put a lot of pressure on the family left behind. Ingo's parents lost their jobs. His youngest brother, Holger, was followed everywhere, but in March 1983, on the night of his 30th birthday, he made his move. He had one last drink and said an emotional goodbye to Egbert, the only person other than Ingo who knew of his plan. For weeks, he and a friend had practised archery and made dry runs in the forest. Holger had spotted a street near Treptow Park where the death strip was narrow, with tall houses on either side. Now, he sneaked up to an attic and reached a small window in the roof. With a powerful bow, he shot an arrow that flew 40 metres over the border and beyond the house opposite. It trailed a nylon line unravelling from a champagne bottle. With the nylon line, Ingo pulled a wire high across the border. Holger knotted his end around a chimney; Ingo tied his to the bumper of his car and drove a few metres to pull the rope taut. Now came the dangerous part: Holger had made a metal pulley enclosed in a frame with two hand holds attached and a strap to hold his wrist. He snapped it over the rope, gripped the handles and launched himself into space. With a soft whirring noise, he travelled high over the border and managed to reach the top-floor balcony of the house opposite. Now two brothers were in the West. Ingo and Holger, who ran a pub in Cologne called Al Capone, racked their brains about how they could help their middle brother. Egbert was given a hard time by the Stasi. They even offered him a free ticket to the West, but he turned it down, knowing it was a test. “I like the GDR and I'm staying,” he said. It was a picture of a baby helicopter in Playboy that caught Ingo's eye. He went to see it at a fair in Hanover but it was only a prototype. By chance, however, he and Holger met two French pilots who told them about a tiny aircraft called the “ultralight.” They went to France to try one out. “This is it,” Ingo said. “Now we can pluck Egbert out of the East.” The planes, with ten-metre wing-spans, lacked any protection for pilot and passengers – each one just a pair of seats side by side, with tiny wheels and a small engine. They could be taken apart and transported by trailer. Preparations took four years. In May 1989 Ingo and Holger drove to Berlin and sent a coded message to Egbert: “Ulrike is doing well.” It was the signal for Egbert to be ready. Next: The two brothers set off on a final rescue
mission – their riskiest one yet.
3 / 4 At midnight on May 25 the weather conditions looked fair. On a sports field in a park, Britzer Garten, the two ultralights were assembled. In case one crashed, they would try to get off the ground with all three of them in the other one. But Egbert and Ingo weren't sure that would be possible. Ingo checked that the control wires were the right way around. At 4:15 a.m. in East Berlin, Egbert took up position under the bushes in Treptow Park. Minutes later, the two pilots turned their planes into the wind and started the engines. In five minutes the huge expanse of Treptow Park was in sight. Ingo descended while Holger circled above, ready to come down if Ingo got into trouble. “Okay, land now,” Holger said. Egbert ran out of his hiding place, sprinted to the plane as it turned and jumped into the empty seat. Ingo hadn't seen him for 14 years, but there was no time to talk. There was a quick flash of recognition as they looked each other in the eyes. Ingo handed Egbert a helmet and gunned the engine. With an extra man on board, the plane got to full speed slowly. It lifted off the ground and only just cleared the trees. Ingo turned towards the Wall again, following it north. In five minutes, on the west side of the Wall, he saw the distinctive bulk of the Reichstag looming ahead. The big lawn in front of it became their runway. The two little planes rumbled to a stop and the three brothers leaped out, shouting with joy. Waiting friends took them out for a beer. “It was the best drink of my life,” says Egbert. “I thought I'd never see my brothers again, but they came out of the sky like angels and took me to paradise.” The brothers back at the Berlin Wall in 2010. Photo: Jordis Antonia Schlösser. Bonus: Five More Amazing Escapes
In the mid-to-late 1990s and early 2000s, the vibrant house movement in France, later identified as “the French touch,” crossed into the mainstream when the electronic duo Daft Punk released Homework and Discovery, and turned club hits like “One More Time” into international dance sensations. But there could only be one Daft Punk—or maybe two, if Air counts—which left others in the more nebulous position of being part of a popular movement without ever breaking out of the niche. One such DJ was Sven Hansen-Løve, brother of the wildly talented director Mia Hansen-Løve (Father Of My Children, Goodbye First Love), and his experiences are the foundation of her new film Eden, which reflects the difficulties of following a passion that never quite coalesces into success—or even viability. It's easier to tell the story of a smashing success or an utter failure, because there's drama inherent to either scenario, but what Hansen-Løve accomplishes with Eden is trickier, a feeling of being adrift in a scene where people are already invited to lose themselves to dance. What awaits on the other side?
There are built-in frustrations to Eden that are difficult to shake off, but worth the effort. The first is that Sven's alter-ego Paul (Félix de Givry) sublimates his passions for music and production in a coolness that often scans as passivity. Delving first into the rave scene of the early '90s, Paul and his buddy Stan (Hugo Conzelmann) eventually latch onto a specific house subgenre called “garage,” so named for the post-disco that came out of Larry Levan's Paradise Garage in New York City. Paul finds some measure of success on the scene, running a label and doing a bit of traveling, too, but garage is a niche-within-a-niche, and once its popularity starts to deflate, all that's left for him are mounting debts, a runaway drug habit, and a whole lot of writing on the wall.
Just as Hansen-Løve's last film, Goodbye First Love, examined adolescent romance from the intensity of its initial flowering to the ache of the years that followed, Eden makes time a primary dramatic catalyst. Only here it's vague and almost sinister in its mutability: Paul follows this dream, time passes, and in a blink it's gone, like some unaccountable trip down the rabbit hole. Hansen-Love is almost perversely disinclined to dramatize the key relationships in the film, no matter their significance. An American girlfriend (Greta Gerwig) comes in and out of the scene, but it's not until much later that the weight of their romance really registers; so, too, the friendship between Paul and a poster artist swamped by depression. This is all by design, but it's sometimes hard to take the long view of Hansen-Løve's vision when the short one is so full of frustrating elisions.
What ultimately gives Eden its strength and continuity is the music, a wonderfully eclectic sampling of recognizable club hits (including four tracks by Daft Punk) and the sorts of soul-infused obscurities that Paul champions on the scene. Hansen-Løve lets whole years pass without emphatic markers, but the beats function as a tonal bridge, connecting the pieces of a narrative that would be rudderless without them. Eden captures the sensation of being swept up in a wave and deposited on the shore along with all the other cultural detritus; by looking at “French touch” through the eyes of a marginal figure, Hansen-Løve gets a more common view of its seductions and the fates of those who weren't Daft Punk. It's pop history by way of a footnote.
Of all the headlines around India's historic blackout, none summed up the truth more than The Onion: "300 million without electricity after restoration of the power grid."
In fact, when asking Indian colleagues about the blackout most acknowledged it as simply par for the course. That's because India's over-reliance on a centralized grid powered largely by coal has always been a failure - one that most Indians accept as a fact of daily life considering the prolonged power cuts they routinely face, not to mention the 300 million people who don't even have access to it. The only thing unique about this blackout was the duration and size, which exposed just how epic this failure has become. As the analysis rolls in the fundamental lesson is clear: coal, and the centralized grid it powers, is the problem, not the solution to India's energy woes.
As my colleague Gordon pointed out in a post last week, India is currently learning the most important lesson about its over-dependence on outdated, centralized coal-fired power: It is simply not flexible enough to accommodate India's real problem - peak demand (the kind that happens when 20 million Delhi inhabitants turn on their air conditioners or fans all at once). Instead, coal chugs along at a steady rate unable to keep up with the flexible demands of daily life, which regularly leads to blackouts.
Two months after tons of fish died on beaches along the central coast of Vietnam in April, protests are still living. The government hasn't said why so many creatures died over those 11 days. Instead it has squelched public protesters bent on demanding more transparency and attention to the environment after three decades of breakneck industrialization.
But without answers about the 80 tons of dead fish, a threat to food safety and tourism, anger is expected to resurface in public, frustrating the Southeast Asian government hoping for 6.7% economic growth this year based mainly on export manufacturing. The answer may implicate water pollution and with it some of that manufacturing. Lack of an answer risks more protests, a hit to that social stability that delights Vietnam's foreign investors.
The country known for cheap labor and pro-investment policies is on a fast course to be the next export manufacturing whale of Asia, diverting business from its historic rival China.
The April 4-15 pileup of large deep-sea fish on Vietnam's central coast beaches, possibly the result of a red tide algae or water pollution from a Taiwan-invested steel mill, evidently jolted the Communist government. It was used to satisfying big investors such as Intel and Samsung as well as local workers wary of being underpaid.
It was less accustomed to culling support across a social media-connected society. In analyzing anger over the fish deaths, some point to a nascent environmental movement, unusual for a relatively poor country where a lot of people still depend on natural resources. Protest-minded Vietnamese also want more guarantees of food safety, assurances that beach tourism will continue on the vast central coast and honest answers about why the fish died.
“The ongoing protests in Vietnam have taught the government that without transparency and accountability, trust among its citizens starts lacking, provoking social upheaval and a business environment that is less prone to economic growth,” says Oscar Mussons, international business advisory associate with Dezan Shira & Associates in Vietnam. “I believe the protests will go on until (an) independent review brings back its results to the cause of the deaths or until the government brings to justice those responsible."
It's easy to understand the government's focus on industry. Manufacturing makes up about 30% of the economy compared to farming at 17% and fishing at just 2.4%. People's fixation on the fish represents more of an “environmental concern, not a macro economic issue,” says Irvin Seah, senior economist with DBS Bank in Singapore.
Now, to protect that industry by keeping social order, officials in Hanoi are racing to keep up with anger that only grown since the fish deaths.
Protests took place on three Sundays in May and this past Sunday, says Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director with New York-based advocacy group Human Rights Watch. In some cases just a few people gathered; in others several hundred, he says, and police quelled all but one action on May 1. Access to normally unregulated social media has been spotty as well. Police were out in so much force in Ho Chi Minh City on Sunday that it was impossible to organize a march.
The protests could easily resurface.
“The protesters appear to be the tip of a larger iceberg of Vietnam society's concerns about this situation, and social media, especially Facebook , has been alive with virulent criticism of the government's lack of transparency in investigating what caused these fish deaths, and failure to demand accountability from those responsible,” Robertson says.
The government has pleaded at least for patience.
Vietnam's Natural Resources and Environment Minister Tran Hong Ha says government agencies will do their best to identify causes “with a sense of justice and in a scientific manner,” a local news outlet reported.
The minister “admitted shortcomings and limitations,” the April 29 report by the news website VietnamNet Bridge says. He called the fish deaths “a very big and serious environmental disaster that has occurred in Vietnam for the first time, resulting in slow response by relevant ministries and agencies,” VietnamNet Bridge reports.
Austin Barnes is one of the prospects that was acquired by the Dodgers in the Dee Gordon-for-Andrew Heaney-for-Howie Kendrick swap with the Marlins and Angels, and like the other players acquired by the Dodgers in the deal (Chris Hatcher, Enrique Hernandez), he's a legitimate asset.
Barnes was a ninth-round selection of the Marlins back in 2011. As college player out of Arizona State, Barnes signed for a mere $95,000. A converted second baseman, he's gone on to spend his time on the diamond primarily behind the plate as a catcher, but also has a lot of experience at second base, and even played some third base in 2014.
—–
The newly 25-year-old Barnes has always been at about the league-average age, which is a bit old for highly touted prospects (at Joc Pederson‘s age, Barnes was in A-ball). Nevertheless, he's put together solid lines at A- (.288/.369/.361/.730), A (.318/.401/.481/.882), and A+ (.279/.373/.368/.741). Barnes hasn't always shown the power, nor the raw tools, to generate fanfare, but he's been productive via a combination of plate discipline and consistent hard contact. Despite his age, it's his performance at AA that gives some hope that he could still have potential as a regular. In 422 plate appearances at the level, he's produced a .303/.413/.503/.916 line, with a K/BB ratio of 46/66, 39 extra-base hits, and eight stolen bases without being thrown out, for good measure. Furthermore, against prospects within an organization's top 20, Barnes has hit .305 with 17 XBH, and 25 BB to 32 K in 196 PA from 2013 to 2014.
—–
Barnes accomplished his production against advanced competition by taking an all-fields approach with his compact swing. Barnes has the bat control to consistently square up pitches and hit the ball with authority even when the result isn't necessarily a line drive. Rarely will he give away plate appearances, and he fits into the scrappy cliche at the plate. As a result of both his swing and approach, power numbers should decrease rather than progress as he moves up levels. And that prediction is bolstered by fringy raw power.
As you can see, most of Barnes' pop is dead pull, but his other hits are sprayed all over the park.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Barnes isn't a fast runner, but like most other aspects of his game, he knows what he's doing and will take advantage of situations. Defensively, he's thrown out 36% of would-be basestealers in his MILB career, most of that coming through superior quickness and athleticism more than arm strength. Barnes is also a solid receiver and handles balls in the dirt well. As an infielder, Barnes can handle both second and third proficiently enough, which opens up further opportunity for him to make the Dodgers should he not end up settling as a regular at one position.
Vince Lara-Cinisomo of Baseball America had this to say about Barnes:
Officials in and out of the organization laud Barnes' bat, makeup and leadership skills. He makes a lot of hard contact thanks to a gap-to-gap approach, barrel awareness and excellent hand-eye coordination. He has below-average power and speed. Defensively, Barnes fits best as a catcher, where he's an average receiver and thrower whose instincts and accuracy helped him throw out 37 percent of basestealers in 2014. At the very least, thanks to his second base play, Barnes should enjoy a role as a solid utility player.
Based on his age and lack of outstanding tools, the most realistic expectation would be to peg him as a super-utility type player on an MLB roster. However, there's potential for him to develop into a regular behind the plate (or at least a backup), and given the non-existent depth in the Dodgers minors at the position, Barnes counts as a very intriguing and very welcome addition to the organization.
Hot on the heels of a leak claiming that he had been killed in one of the many, many US drone strikes earlier this month, the Tehreek-e Taliban Pakistan (TTP) is reported that spokesman and high ranking official Qari Hussain Ahmad Mehsud is still alive and well.
The rumors had previously said that Qari had been slain in the October 4 drone strike in which eight German citizens were killed. At the time officials insisted the eight were involved in the “plot” that spawned US travel warnings against the entire continent of Europe. The seriousness of that plot has been thrown into serious doubt, however, as officials concede how little evidence they actually have that anything had ever been planned.
If confirmed this will be the fourth “confirmed” assassination that Qari will have survived, the previous one being a January drone strike which had also been said to kill TTP leader Hakimullah Mehsud. Qari still has a way to go in catching up to Hakimullah, however, as that assassination was Hakimullah's sixth and he has since been assassinated a seventh time, only to emerge shortly after, seemingly unharmed.
The Obama Administration continues to maintain that the drone strikes are wildly successful, despite having killed over a thousand completely anonymous (and likely totally innocent) tribesmen and having managed only a few dozen “confirmed” kills, a large portion of which are later retracted when the slain militant reemerges a few months later in a press release.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
It's been almost two years since Apple first introduced its app Handoff feature for OS X — letting users pass active apps between mobile and desktop — and Microsoft is now testing a similar feature for Windows 10. Codenamed Project Rome, the software giant first started publicly discussing its app handoff plans at Build last month. Microsoft is planning to allow Windows 10 apps to connect to other devices through Bluetooth and the cloud and "continue experiences."
It's not clear exactly how this will work in reality, but Microsoft is testing apps based on its Xbox SmartGlass technology. Apps will be able to share information with each other through the cloud, and it's possible that Cortana could play a role in helping assist sharing data to specific apps. Microsoft's plans aren't limited to Windows, meaning iOS and Android apps will be able to share data with Windows PCs.
Some Windows 10 testers have discovered settings to enable the new handoff feature in the latest builds of the Anniversary Update, but it's not fully implemented yet. Microsoft has been releasing regular test versions of the Windows 10 Anniversary Update ahead of its release this summer, so testers should be able to access the new feature soon. Microsoft is also planning to allow Android phone users to bring their notifications over to Windows 10 PCs. Missed calls, messages, and other notifications from an Android phone will appear on a PC, and users will be able to reply direct from their desktop as part of a similar handoff feature.
A question I've pondered over recent years, has been why men in so many cultures gave up the right and tradition to have multiple wives? Historically, polygyny has been one of the most common and prevalent forms of , worldwide. But, in modern Western culture, men with multiple wives are seen as sinners and lawbreakers.
This flies in the face of increasing evidence that for many men (though not all), there are genetic, biological and psychological factors that dispose them to not be monogamous. As my colleague Eric Anderson argues in his new well-researched book, The Monogamy Gap, there is increasing evidence that monogamy is not a natural state for males, a dilemma which contributes to high rates of use, , and marital difficulties. Anderson makes a clever point, suggesting that infidelity actually is a "part" of monogamy, asserting that for such men, sexual infidelity is a way to stay monogamous to a single partner. Remember that monogamy as a term does not describe sexual fidelity, but merely the act of marriage to a single person. In our current usage, we blur the concepts though, especially in the world we live in, where sexual fidelity is seen as the ultimate expression of and commitment.
So, as I've seen this rising evidence that demanding sexual fidelity of men is challenging, to say the least, I've wondered why and how it is that societies came to adopt monogamy (meaning sexual fidelity to a single person, and men having only one wife). If Western culture and American society really have been dominated by patriarchal control (I'm not so sure this as true as we think; Baumeister's book Is There Anything Good About Men is a delightful challenge to this assumption), why would these men in charge give up the right to have multiple wives?
And now, here's the answer. In "The puzzle of monogamous marriage" (see, I wasn't the only one puzzled by this) by Henrich, Boyd and Richerson, the authors present evidence that monogamy actually has significant social benefits. In polygyny, powerful men gather the most desirable women for themselves. And less powerful men "go hungry," wifeless. In fact, throughout human history, while 80% of women have reproduced, only 40% of men have. Those men who couldn't compete, didn't get to have even a single wife, and thus didn't have children. So, what did those men do with their time? According to Henrich, Boyd and Richerson, it appears they got into lots of trouble. Societies where polygyny has been (and still is) practiced, have higher rates of violent , poverty, and other types of crime such as fraud. Apparently, if you can't get a wife, what's the point of following the rules?
In fact, other research shows that polygynous cultures also end up with men caring less about the needs of their children, contributing less overall to family subsistence needs, and placing higher value on male .
So, through a (probably ) social process, societies have gravitated towards emphasis and requirement of monogamous marriages, because it smoothes out some significant social problems. By "sharing" out the women amongst a society's men, and allowing all men a democratic chance to get married, men spend more time worrying about looking like good potential mates, and have less time and energy to break the rules and get in trouble.
But just because those men in charge of societies "decided" to give up the right to have multiple wives, they clearly didn't give up their interest in having with multiple women. The sex lives of leaders like Mao Zedong, Jack Kennedy, and Newt Gingrich, show that while these men may have imposed monogamy on other men (under Mao, infidelity was a punishable crime), they haven't been all that interested in following these rules themselves. It sounds like a case of "Do as I say, not as I do."
Thousands of elderly people, including Holocaust survivors, collected some 100,000 shekels for the purchase of equipment and food for IDF troops currently stationed in the Gaza Strip and for those who were wounded in action and have been hospitalized.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The donors, who live in Amigour sheltered housing facilities and live off allowance provided by Bituach Leumi (The National Insurance Institute) emphasized that "each of the soldiers could be our grandson".
'It's the least we can do', donors say.
Frieda Plerdman (90) from Ashkelon, donated NIS 40 in hopes that she will "make the lives of soldiers easier and give them as much love and warmth as I can." She tied between her deed and the time she donated blood during World War II in a military hospital in Tbilisi, adding that "now we must contribute to soldiers that are protecting us. My husband was a pilot, he fought for four years during the war and was seriously wounded. For me, donating is not a mitzva but rather a duty."
Photo: Courtesy of Amigour
Seventy-three-year old Liza Rosenberg, who was born in a ghetto in Ukraine, donated NIS 150 to the soldiers, "to feel like I gave a part of myself, something small towards advancing and bringing peace." Rosenberg, a grandmother of three grandchildren, said that during World War II "we were housed in filthy shacks, without mattresses, so we slept on the floor. It was very cold and we were always hungry.
"My mother told me that all the adults helped her save me from death and shared their food and drink. Today, I feel the need to give at least a small part of myself to society and to the soldiers that are fighting for us in Gaza."
"Each of the soldiers are my grandchildren, no matter what language they speak or what color skin they have. Every one of them is dear and beloved."
"I know what it's like being a mother of a combat soldier," said 76-year-old Sonia Balkin from Amigour's Orot Sheltered Home in Be'er Sheva. She donated NIS 100 "to be part of this campaign," explaining that her 40-year-old son served in the Nahal Brigade on the border of Lebanon. "He was called up for reserve duty every year and served in Gaza during Operation Cast Lead. I want to give strength to all the mothers. It's very important to donate to soldiers, so that they feel the love from the nation."
Photo: Courtesy of Amigour
Boris Kinzborski (76) from Be'er Sheva, donated NIS 40 "to give the soldiers the feeling that the people of Israel are thinking about them. I served as an officer and a military doctor in the Red Army in the Soviet Union. It's the least we can do in this difficult atmosphere of war. As long as there's a continued threat to Israel's existence, we must all pitch in order to protect it."
CEO of “Amigour” Yuval Frankel noted that "every half an hour, I get a message from a different senior center telling me of a collection of money. From Nahariya in the north to Be'er Sheva in the south, the elderly people are generously donating from their meager savings to support the soliders."
[pulseaudio-discuss] [ANNOUNCE] PulseAudio 8.0 is out!
Hello, I'm pleased to announce the availability of PulseAudio 8.0. A short summary of the changes in this release: * Automatic routing more likely to change profile * OS X and NetBSD support improvements * Systemd journal logging for clients * New LFE balance programming interface * Module-dbus-protocol improvements * More flexible configuration file handling * pulsecore-8.0.so moved to a private directory * New script for measuring memory consumption * Various bug fixes and small improvements Of note to packages is the availability of a more flexible configuration for distribution-specific config, and the change in installation path of the libpulsecore. A more detailed changelog is up at: http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/PulseAudio/Notes/8.0/ The release is at the usual place: http://www.freedesktop.org/software/pulseaudio/releases/pulseaudio-8.0.tar.xz MD5: 8678442ba0bb4b4c33ac6f62542962df SHA1: 1399a2f6288ad743184b6c2192129fef033343ac To all 31 contributors in the git logs, and everyone else who's been actively helping on IRC and Bugzilla -- thank you! Cheers and a good weekend, Arun
It's shaped like a rocket. You put it in your mouth and, after a few minutes of sucking, something creamy oozes out from the center. Sound familiar?
The new fruity-flavored X-Pop promises just that. The phallic-looking popsicle is currently being marketed in Sweden and offers a sweet sherbet center that “pops” in your mouth when bitten into. The end of the popsicle looks strikingly similar to the tip of a penis. More specifically, a penis suffering from a mad outbreak of genital warts.
GB Glace, Sweden's largest ice-cream maker and creator of the X-Pop, maintains that it doesn't see any similarities between the X-Pop and a disease-ridden penis. And that whole creamy center thing? Quit reading so much into it. It's just a popsicle, for chrissake.
“In several interviews they continue to claim that they have no idea what people are talking about,” Swedish journalist Erik Carlsson told Daily Dot in an email. “They just see it as a normal popsicle.”
But consumers beg to differ.
“They have made an ice-cream dildo!” one person wrote on the company's Facebook wall.
“It's a little bit kinky to eat the top of the ice cream because it ‘pops' in your mouth,” another reviewer said.
Whatever the case, one thing is certain: The X-Pop serves as a great practice tool for blossoming, young homosexuals. And the warty tip is a good reminder to always practice safe-sex. Educational and delicious. Now that's something we could wrap our lips around!
The performance, entitled "Death as Metamorphosis," was to take place next week in a small theatre in the Spandau district of Berlin. Accompanied by funeral music and a gong, the artist was going to strangle two puppies with cable ties after a brief meditation.
According to a report in the Berliner Morgenpost newspaper, the provocative piece was meant to highlight the plight of sled dogs in Alaska and hunting dogs in Spain, which are said to be killed in the same way once they can no longer work.
The artist's planned performance was influenced by "traditional Thai art forms," the Express newspaper reported.
The Berlin administrative court stopped the show from going ahead on Friday, saying that animal protection laws forbid an animal from being harmed in any way in a show. The artist had argued that Germany's constitution "unconditionally guarantees artistic freedom."
The report appeared in the same week as a controversial project by two art students at Berlin's University of the Arts (UdK). Students Iman Rezai and Rouven Materne are threatening to guillotine a sheep on camera, depending on the results of an online vote.
The experiment is meant to stimulate debate on humanity and democracy. Materne said the guillotine was chosen because "it represents a society that wants to give its cruelties the appearance of humanity."
According to a report in Berlin's Tagesspiegel newspaper, the website registered 190,000 "No" votes and 120,000 "Yes" votes in six days.
"The anonymity of the internet lures the perversity out of some people," the 23-year-old explained. The artists are planning to ignore the protests and reveal the results of the vote in an exhibition in mid-May.
The Local/bk
A mob of up to 300 armed men in eastern Afghanistan's Nuristan province reportedly “lynched” a young couple. The mob allegedly forced police officers, who had arrested the married woman and her lover for eloping, to surrender the accused adulterers over to the angry horde.
“People said to the police, ‘Hand them over to us or we will raid the offices and break off relations with the government,'” warned Saeedullah Payendazai Kamparwal, the chairman of the Nuristan provincial council in Afghanistan, reports the New York Times (NYT).
The Taliban controls part of the eastern province of Nuristan, which sits on Afghanistan's border with Pakistan, notes NYT.
Saheb Dad Hamdard, the head of the Nuristan Journalists' Shura (council), “suggested that the authorities had acquiesced in turning the couple over to the families,” points out the Times.
However, Nuristan Governor Hafiz Abdul Qayoom claimed, “the police had no option but to surrender the couple to the mob,” reports the Times.
“If police had fired bullets at the people, a massacre could have happened,” declared Qayoom.
“We asked for additional police, but the road to the district was closed due to snow,” added Enayatullah, governor of the Nuristan district where the incident took place. “If the police had resisted more, a disaster would have taken place.”
Salam Khan, 22, a witness, told NYT that the female victim's brothers killed the married woman, identified as 18-year-old Fatiha.
Khan also revealed that Fatiha's unidentified husband executed the young man with whom the woman had eloped. The incident took place over the weekend.
Many Afghans only use one name. News outlets have identified the murdered young man as Hedayatullah, believed to be in his 20s.
The mob reportedly included various members of the Fatiha's family. Fatiha claimed she eloped with Hedayatullah after her family forced her to marry against her will.
“It is common in many parts of rural Afghanistan for fathers to marry off their daughters without the daughter's consent, even though both Afghan civil law and Islamic Shariah law require such consent,” reports NYT.
“The authorities, however, often side with the families, and honor killings in cases where the girl refuses the marriage are common, although rarely publicized,” it adds.
As of Monday, no one had been charged or arrested in connection with the couple's murders in Nuristan and the three police officers wounded during the incident.
The mob reportedly outnumbered the police officers.
NYT reports, “The authorities said there were only 30 police officers at the station facing a mob of 250 to 300 heavily armed men.”
The armed crowd reportedly injured at least three police officers, one of them seriously.
Local police had arrested the couple on suspicion of adultery.
“Within hours an armed mob formed at the police station, led by [the young woman] Fatiha's husband and his family, but also including her brothers and cousins,” the Times reports, citing local officials and witnesses.
Khaama Press (KP) described the deadly incident as a “lynching,” reporting that “a young man was lynched together with a married woman by the local residents… for eloping and taking shelter in a government shelter house.”
Nuristan Governor Qayoom noted that the angry attackers killed the couple after a savagely beating them, adding that the circumstances surrounding the so-called honor killing are under investigation
The recent incident is a testament to the dramatic rise in the rate of violence against women that continues to plague war-ravaged Afghanistan, particularly domestic violence, honor killings, and execution of women by the anti-government groups such as the Taliban.
Quote:
FLASH AND RELOCK YOUR DEVICE
After downloading the image for your device:
Unzip the image.
Put your device in fastboot mode.
NOTE: You must use the Motorola fastboot utility to flash (included in the Darwin/, Linux/ or Windows/ directory). Please do NOT use the Android fastboot utility
Follow the flashing steps in the .xml file that was included in the package.
A typical flashing sequence includes all these partitions, but might vary depending on your product - so please use the sequence in the .xml file in your package:
$ fastboot flash partition gpt.bin
$ fastboot flash motoboot motoboot.img
$ fastboot flash logo logo.bin
$ fastboot flash boot boot.img
$ fastboot flash recovery recovery.img
$ fastboot flash system system.img
$ fastboot erase modemst1
$ fastboot erase modemst2
$ fastboot flash fsg fsg.mbn
$ fastboot reboot
You also have the option to erase all the data on your device with
$ fastboot erase userdata
$ fastboot erase cache
After performing this sequence, you can relock your device with
$ fastboot oem lock
Migrants from sub-Saharan Africa wait at a detention center on May 17, 2015, in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, after they were arrested before they could board boats in an attempt to reach Europe. (Mahmud Turkia/AFP/Getty Images)
The European Union on Monday approved the use of military force to take on migrant smugglers in the Mediterranean, significantly escalating Europe's response to a crisis that has left at least 1,800 people dead this year.
The decision allows European governments to move ahead with plans for a naval operation that has been taking shape for weeks and that officials say is crucial to any attempt to confront the burgeoning tide of smuggler vessels ferrying migrants from North ­Africa to Europe.
The ultimate aim of the mission is to destroy smuggler vessels before they take on their human cargo. But that will require authorization from the U.N. Security Council, which has begun to consider the matter since E.U. officials made their case in New York last week.
Approval is far from certain, especially after Russian officials expressed misgivings about a mission that could involve European warships operating in Libyan territorial waters.
[A global surge in refugees leaves Europe struggling to cope]
Libya itself is divided, anarchic and at war, with rival governments in the eastern and western parts of the country. Much of the smuggler traffic originates in the west, where Islamist militias have shown deep hostility toward proposals for European operations in the areas they control. The internationally recognized government in the east has expressed its own reservations about the idea.
Rights groups, meanwhile, have warned that the militarization of the crisis could put migrants who already face grave dangers and limited options in an even more perilous position. U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has said that there is no military solution to the problem, and he has urged European leaders to take a holistic approach that focuses on the root causes of the unprecedented migrant surge.
Nonetheless, E.U. foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini expressed optimism Monday that the E.U.'s decision to approve the military operation will help spur the United Nations into action and allow European forces to go after smuggler vessels at a time when attempted crossings are expected to rise with the summer heat.
“I think that after we take the decision today, it is more likely for the Security Council to take a resolution,” Mogherini said Monday before the E.U. had finished its work.
After European foreign and defense ministers approved the operation, Mogherini said she was hopeful that Europe can win cooperation from Libyan authorities on both sides of the country. “We are looking for partnership in this,” she said.
E.U. officials have said that the operation will not involve European “boots on the ground,” but Mogherini said Monday that Europe will ask for Libyan cooperation in combating smuggler networks both on land and at sea.
[3 reasons Europe is being held responsible for migrant deaths in the Mediterranean]
As the diplomatic negotiations continue, Europe will proceed with the first phase of the operation, which includes gathering intelligence and lining up the ships, planes and other military resources likely to be needed for any serious attempt to thwart the smugglers. The E.U. has no military force of its own, so member states will be asked to pledge contributions, a process that has delayed previous operations.
Mogherini said that the operation could begin within weeks and that it would be commanded by naval officers in Rome. The cost is estimated at $13 million for a two-month start-up phase, with the expectation that the operation will continue for at least a year.
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Monday that the alliance stands “ready to help if there is a request.” The migrant crisis, Stoltenberg said, has become a security issue, with the potential for would-be terrorists to smuggle themselves into Europe with the refugees. “One of the problems is that there might be foreign fighters, there might be terrorists, also trying to hide, to blend in,” he said.
Europe has been inundated this year with migrants. About 50,000 have made the perilous journey from the North African coast to Italy, Greece, Malta and other countries along the E.U.'s southern periphery. About 1,800 have died while trying to cross — about 20 times the number who had died at the same point last year. A combination of conflict, poverty and repression is driving the exodus.
The death of at least 850 migrants when a single boat sank last month spurred Europe to take emergency measures to improve a response that had been widely seen as lacking.
Late last month, Europe tripled funding for a maritime patrol mission after a search-and-rescue operation that had been credited with saving more than 100,000 lives was discontinued at the end of last year.
[Map: Hundreds presumed lost at sea]
The European Commission also has pushed for a new system for distributing refugees that would more evenly split the burden across the E.U.'s 28 member states. But a number of nations, including Britain and France, have objected to the idea, saying they will not be bound by quotas.
Europe's focus on a military response to the smuggler networks has been criticized by rights groups, which have argued that destroying ships will do nothing to ease the surging demand for illegal entry into Europe — and may force migrants to take even greater risks. Migrants could also become unintended victims of any attempts to destroy smuggler vessels, the groups say.
The International Organization for Migration last week highlighted the “inherent risk that military actions, however laudable, could further endanger migrant lives.”
Amnesty International has warned that “the measures could lead to thousands of migrants and refugees being trapped in a conflict zone.” The group has called for Egypt and Tunisia to open their borders to migrants fleeing abuse and violence in ­Libya.
Read more:
Facing questions on migrants, Italy's Renzi points to Libyan turmoil
Amid flood of refugees to Europe, Italy opens a back door
154 SHARES Share Tweet
Sanibel's “World Ocean's Day Beach Cleanup”
You're Invited!
In observance of World Ocean's Day, some locals on Sanibel have decided to organize a local event to show their support. Thursday, June 8th is officially World Ocean's Day, and it just so happens that is when the event will take place. From 7:00 AM until 9:00 AM, the shell museum employees have organized a beach clean up located just off island.
This event will take place at Bunche Beach, located at 18201 John Morris Rd. Everyone is invited to attend.
This picture the to the right shows just how much litter is cleaned up on beaches. There is quite a lot of wildlife at Bunche Beach that is directly affected by the litter, especially plastic products.
How Do I Help?
If you would like to help clean up Bunche Beach, contact Stefanie Wolf at swolf@shellmuseum.org.
To register for the beach clean up, contact Stefanie Wolf at swolf@shellmuseum.org. Parking at Bunche Beach is $2 per hour. Thursday, June 8th from 7:00 AM until 9:00 A.M.
For more information on World Ocean's Day click the link below.
https://oceanconservancy.org/trash-free-seas/
A new variant of the premier Samsung phablet, i.e., the Galaxy Note 4 S-LTE (SM-N916) is all set to launch in South Korea mid-January, which is roughly 20 days from now. We've leaked info about this device previously; if you remember, it'll have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 SoC to go with the large 5.7-inch display. The phablet will now offer a downlink of up to 300Mbps on this new variant (450Mbps in theory), and will be made available for major Korean carriers SK Telecom (SM-N916S) and Olleh (SM-N916K).
This will mark the launch of the Galaxy Note 4's third processor variant; the phablet is already available in Exynos (7 Octa) and Snapdragon (805) flavours. Besides high-speed network goodness, this variant will also bring to the table 64-bit computing for the Galaxy Note series. What this also means is that the Note 4 S-LTE will be the world's first commercial device to adopt the SoC. The release, however, is expected to be Korea-only for now.
Update: A new leak has revealed that the Galaxy Note 4 S-LTE is powered by an Exynos 5433 processor with the Shannon 333 modem, and not the Snapdragon 810 as earlier thought.
Source
Update: The X89 Kindow will cost $85.99 as per Banggood's listing using coupon cafd9b. Thanks Mr J for the info.
Teclast has announced a new 7.5″ inch tablet The X89 Kindow (Kindow is a word play on Kindle?). It's got a Samsung 1440 x 1080 screen which a has a decent 240 PPI, and odd resolution that's 4:3 ratio. And it's using last years Z3735F Bay Trail, 2GB of RAM and a 32GB eMMC.
There is also a MicroSD card slot and HDMI out as well as Wireless N. The tablet has Android 5.1 and Windows 10 and is marketed more as an eBook reader by the looks of the official site.
It's 8.9 mm thin and weighs 318 gram with very small bezels, at least in these press photos below.
by Matt Allen / in Uncategorized
Dr. Charles Corry on Domestic Violence Against Men
Dr. Charles Corry is one of the nation's leading researchers on domestic violence against men and president of the Equal Justice Foundation.
Corry discussed with the Men's Rights website his research on domestic violence against men, primary aggressor laws that unfairly target men and myths about domestic violence.
Men's Rights: Would you talk about primary aggressor laws, explain them and why these laws are viewed as being unfair toward men?
Charles Corry: Back before they passed these draconian domestic violence laws, what happened was police would go to a domestic call and find that the couple was fighting and they either would arrest whichever party was at fault or worst yet from the radical feminist standpoint, they would arrest both of them, the man and the woman.
Well the feminists didn't like that. They think since the man is the bigger one that he should be arrested because women, in their dogma, only hit in self-defense. That's nonsense of course.
But feminists were able to get primary aggressor laws passed to try and ensure the police only arrested men in these domestic situations.
The criteria they set up typically don't favor arresting the female. In most cases they are unfair to men.
Men's Rights: You mentioned this myth that women only hit men in self-defense. What are other common reasons you have found in your research about why women hit men?
Charles Corry: Usually there are some mental health problems involved. Borderline personality disorder is a very common one. Bipolar is very similar to borderline personality disorder and they can often get in their manic phase and become violent.
Some women are just sociopaths. On average there are as many crazy women as there are crazy men. Women go insane as frequently as men. When that happens you are going to have violence in many cases.
When its mutual combat, the studies show 60% of the time it is the woman who initiates the violence.
Men's Rights: When a woman is initiating the violence, I assume the man is in this catch-22 situation. So when a man is being hit, what are his options?
Charles Corry: What we advise is leave if they can. What typically happens though is the woman will block the door so he can't leave and she can keep fighting. If the man pushes the woman out of the way, he is considered the violent one.
Now in the reverse situation, if he won't let her go because he wants to continue the argument, the man will frequently be charged with false imprisonment.
You're certainly entitled to self-defense though that can be hard to prove. Nonetheless if she's got a weapon, or if she continues hitting you and you're trying to escape or she started hitting you while you were asleep – which is common since women like to use surprise when they attack men to offset the size difference – it is much easier to prove self-defense.
Men's Rights: What are some of the more surprising findings you have come across in your research? Or what myths have you come across about domestic violence against men that your research has debunked?
Charles Corry: With the passage of these biased domestic violence laws, the biggest change we have been able to measure is men are not calling 911 as much over domestic disturbances.
Time after time people will say, “I'm not going to call 911 again for any reason after what happened to me.” Unfortunately, it's probably the people who need help the most that won't call.
The other thing that we reduced here locally in Colorado is the number of people taking the plea bargain. In a span of eight years, the number of people taking a plea bargain in domestic violence cases dropped 32%.
This is because if you plead not guilty and demand a jury trial, there's about a 95% chance that the case will be dismissed, at least here in Colorado. If the case does reach a jury trial and you have a competent criminal defense attorney then the chances of you being convicted are very little.
Men's Rights: How did you get involved in researching domestic violence against men?
Charles Corry: About 15 years ago, my then-wife went violently insane and I had to deal with a lot of nonsense. After a jury trial over a domestic dispute I was acquitted. About six hours after the verdict was read, the sheriff's deputies were back on my doorstep with a restraining order that I also had to get that dismissed. She eventually moved to another part of the state and got another restraining order that was dismissed.
So I finally sued her for abuse of process, outrageous conduct due to her stalking of me, malicious prosecution and breach of fiduciary duty.
This woke me up to the problems of the family law justice system. I spent $160,000 in legal fees, which actually isn't that uncommon. Now, you routinely hear from men who spend hundreds of thousands of dollars defending themselves.
Once I got through that and my post-traumatic stress disorder settled down – which by the way, many people who go through this suffer some level from PTSD – then I started writing about my experiences.
A lot of people contacted me and I realized that domestic violence against men happens a lot more than the general public is led to believe.
For more information, watch an interview on DadsDivorce.com discussing PTSD and male domestic violence victims. The divorce attorneys for men at Cordell & Cordell fight for men's rights so if you are the victim of domestic violence, contact a Cordell & Cordell office nearest you.
Reserved Seating – $15
Adult General Admission – $12
Child General Admission – $7
Loge Seats – $30
Courtside Seats – $40
Reserved Seating – $10
Adult General Admission – $7
Child General Admission – $4
Students – FREE with valid Gator1 ID
First Round Matches | Thursday, Nov. 30 Match 1 (College of Charleston vs. Miami) – 4:30 p.m. Match 2 (Alabama State vs. Florida) – 7 p.m.
Second Round Match | Friday, Dec. 1, 7 p.m. (winners of Match 1 & Match 2)
Florida is 8-1 this season against the 2017 NCAA Tournament field
Florida's 28 all-time NCAA Tournament ties Arizona and UC Santa Barbara for the 10th-most in Division I history, trailing Penn State (37) Stanford (37), Hawaii (36), Nebraska (36), Southern California (35), UCLA (35), Texas (34), BYU (30), Colorado State (29)
The Gators have made 23 Regional Semifinals and 15 Regional Championships in program history
Florida is seeking its eighth all-time NCAA Semifinals appearance and its first since 2003, when it played in the NCAA Championship match
Florida head coach Mary Wise boasts a 65-26 (.714) all-time record in the NCAA Tournament, with all her postseason appearances coming with the Gators
boasts a 65-26 (.714) all-time record in the NCAA Tournament, with all her postseason appearances coming with the Gators carry a 66-27 (.710) all-time record in NCAA Tournament play
The Gators are 51-7 (.864) when hosting NCAA Tournament matches in Gainesville
Florida leads: 2-0 (2-0 under Mary Wise )
) 3-set: 2-0 | 4-set: 0-0 | 5-set: 0-0
Home: 2-0 | Away: 0-0 | Neutral: 0-0
NCAA Tournament series: Florida leads, 2-0
Last Time Out: 2016 NCAA Tournament First Round in Gainesville --> W, 3-0 (25-15, 25-13, 25-19)
Notable: SWAC Tournament champions; won 20-plus matches each of the past five seasons; third NCAA Tournament appearance since 2014
Top Player: Briana Dorsey, senior, middle blocker – ranks 14th nationally in hitting percentage (.409)
GAINESVILLE, Fla. – Florida, which is the No. 2 overall seed for this year's NCAA Tournament and won a share of the program's 23rd Southeastern Conference title last week, begins postseason play Thursday night against Alabama State.Florida advanced to the NCAA Semifinals four of the previous six times it was an overall top-four seed, including in 2003, when it reached the NCAA Championship.In a rematch of last year's NCAA First Round matchup, Florida faces repeat Southwestern Athletic Conference Tournament champion Alabama State. On paper, the matchup will be a defensive struggle, as both teams rank inside the top 10 nationally in opponent hitting percentage.The winner of Thursday's 7 p.m. match will face the winner of the College of Charleston-Miami match, which is scheduled for 4:30 p.m.Thursday, Nov. 30 vs. Alabama State | 7 p.m. ETSEC Network + (via Watch ESPN) [Tom Collett, Missy Whittemore] | Audio Stream [Ryan Urquhart, Josh Crow] (also available via ESPN Gainesville 98.1 FM / 850 AM) | Live Stats Tickets for the NCAA First & Second Rounds are available online ( follow this link for purchasing ) and at the Gator Ticket Office , located between Gates 1 & 2 of Ben Hill Griffin Stadium. Tickets will also be available at the ticket office outside Gate 1 of Exactech Arena at Stephen C. O'Connell Center 90 minutes prior to the day's first match.All-Session TicketsSingle-Match TicketsMedia Contact: ZachD@gators.ufl.edu ) | Media Services/Credentialing Information (PDF)CREDENTIALING NOTE:Alabama State | 28-10 overall, 18-0 Southwestern Athletic Conference Mary Wise Coach on Twitter | Coach Mary Wise on Instagram
Building the trail was easy but getting permission and some budget was very difficult. Thanks to the Province of BC, SORCA, Anthill, and of course Red Bull, the first step of Full Nelson has been realized. I look forward to riding the new trail with everyone May 5th. - track builder Ted Tempany
About Strength in Numbers
What:
Who:
Where:
When:
Schedule:
About SORCA
Mountain bikers are invited to join us on Saturday, May 5th for the Full Nelson bike trail opening in Squamish. Ride your bike and meet the pro's on Full Nelson's Opening Day, a mountain bike community project. All proceeds will be donated to SORCA Built by Ted Tempany and a number of volunteers, including Danny Frey, Lindsay Gosnell, Wayne Goss, Leah Orosco and Chelsea Hurford, Brandon Semenuk, and Anthill Films, the extension is just over a kilometre long. The trail is a golden dirt snake run that rolls, swerves, dips, and dives down the 1-km extension to Half Nelson. Originally, Ted Tempany flagged the line over ten years ago and it has taken a great deal of time to get the permits in place to build this trail. They began the construction of the trail in September 2011 and since then have worked long days all winter to get the trail ready for the upcoming opening on May 5th. All levels of gravity riders (beginner, intermediate, and advanced) will be able to enjoy the Full Nelson.There will be a BBQ during the day for all riders and spectators, bike suppliers on site with a demos from Giant, Rocky Mountain and Devinci, shuttle services provided a chance to meet and ride with the pros. Keep a watch out for riders including Brandon Semenuk, Stevie Smith, Thomas Vanderham , Andrew Shandro and more. Following the ride day, there will be a Strength in Numbers viewing at Quest University. All proceeds of the day will be donated to SORCA - the Squamish Off-Road Cycling Association.Strength in Numbers is an action sports film that explores mountain bike culture through the experiences of the world's best riders. Anthill Films, in co-production with Red Bull Media House, have created a film, which will change the way the world sees mountain biking, both on and off the screen. Ultimately, the film's mission is to inspire and show how we are all part of a global community who love to ride.Strength in Numbers combines progressive action and beautiful cinematography with compelling stories to show how the many different sides of mountain biking are all connected. The movie features a diverse selection of riders with some of the biggest names in the sport, including Brandon Semenuk (Squamish, BC).Join us for the Full Nelson Bike Trail Opening Day, a mountain bike community project. Ride your bike, meet the pro's, and join us for a BBQ. All proceeds will be donated to SORCA.Full Nelson Bike Trail Opening DayBrandon Semenuk, Ted Tempany and the Squamish mountain bike communityCoast Mountains of Squamish, BC | Meeting point is at lower parking lot on Ring Creek Road, behind Quest University.Saturday, May 5, 201210am – 4pm: Ride Day11am – 2pm: BBQ open to the public8:00pm: Strength in Numbers Viewing at Quest UniversityThe Squamish Off-Road Cycling Association ( www.sorca.ca ) is a mountain bike club with a focus on creating fun events for their members including social rides, Toonie, downhill Rides, trail advocacy, and maintenance. The members directly contribute to the maintenance and growth of the incredible mountain bike trail network. A big part of Squamish's community wealth is due to the trails and dedicated volunteers make this a world-class mountain biking destination.
Introduction
The forced migration of Africans to the thirteen original British colonies and the United States during the time of slavery involved an estimated 472,000 people who left the African continent. Of them, more than 83,000 never made it to these shores: almost 18 percent died on the notorious Middle Passage. As a result, approximately 388,000 Africans arrived in the United States between the mid-seventeenth century and 1860.
It is likely that more landed in this country because some Africans who first arrived in the Caribbean and later were moved to North America (as on the ships that Olaudah Equiano worked in the 1760s for his “Quaker” master, Robert King) are not included in these figures. After the official abolition of the slave trade in 1808, even more Africans were smuggled in, but not in substantial numbers. Overall, there is good reason to assume that the general patterns described here are reasonably accurate, only that the absolute numbers of people would have been somewhat higher.
These estimates provide a good idea of the relative scale of the forced migration to the United States. As a whole, the transatlantic slave trade displaced an estimated 12.5 million people, with about 10,650,000 surviving the Atlantic crossing. Thus, even though a substantial number of Africans actually reached the United States, they were only a small proportion, about 3.6 percent, of the total number of Africans who were brought to the Americas. More Africans went to Barbados (435,000), while almost three times as many went to Jamaica (1,020,000). The number of African arriving in North America was considerably less than those who were taken to Brazil (4,810,000).
This is my most ambitious piece yet and I was really driven to make this piece happen.
This has been a long way coming, I have finally done a competition piece for Games Day and made up my mind to fly over to England and submit this.
With the Emperor's grace, I have been rewarded for this effort. I won the competition.
I must say that was one of the proudest moments of my life, being able to share my works and crafts with the artists that has inspired my all these years. Meeting your heroes and seeing them appreciating your efforts meant alot to me. It was a very rewarding and fruitful trip indeed.
Do hope you enjoy this piece as much as I had while working on it. I would like to thank all the folks that has given me great support to see this through, you lend me strength to continue striving.
Done in Photoshop.
THE EMPEROR PROTECTS.
- Warriors coach Steve Kerr won Coach of the Year.
Kerr has won 85.4 percent of his career games, which is the best in NBA history, according to Fox Sports.
WATCH the news conference live here at 1:30 p.m.
Kerr is the third coach in Warriors history to earn the honor, joining Don Nelson (1991-92) and Alex Hannum (1963-64).
According to the Warriors, a six-time NBA champion as a player and coach, Kerr holds an overall regular-season record of 140-24 (.854) in two seasons with Golden State.
Kerr received 64 first-place votes for the Coach of the Year Award and 381 total points from a panel of 130 sportswriters and broadcasters throughout the United States and Canada.
Meanwhile, the Warriors are making their playoff run without the help of Steph Curry.
Curry will likely be out for several weeks with a sprained knee.
According to a tweet sent out by the Warriors, Steph Curry underwent an MRI Monday morning, which revealed he has a Grade 1 MCL sprain in his right knee. He will be re-evaluated in two weeks.
Curry was injured in Sunday's game at Houston. He had returned after missing two games with a sprained right ankle, but did not play in the second half after spraining his right knee on the final play of the second quarter.
Read more about his injury here.
YORK, Pa. (AP) -- Police say a Pennsylvania shoplifting suspect is in custody on charges that he briefly stole a police car.
Springettsbury Township police say the bizarre chain of events began shortly before 1 p.m. Monday.
That's when police responded to call that 21-year-old Marlo Harvard Jr., of Baltimore, had left a Wal-Mart with some stolen merchandise.
Police spotted Harvard near a bus stop and gave chase, and when one officer left his car to join in, Harvard circled back and hopped inside the still-running car and took off.
Police say Harvard abandoned the cruiser near a bank and ran into a restaurant and then outside into a trash container.
Police say Harvard denied wrongdoing saying, "I hang out in Dumpsters all the time."
Online court records don't list an attorney for Harvard.
About this title: Obama enabled maximally prominent Neo-Cons to represent and govern the USA. When I asked Silicon Valley cognoscenti what it meant for a supposedly “democratic” presidency to nominate maximally prominent neofascists, I was told: “They represent the HIDDEN government of the USA.”
For years it was incorrect to point out that emperor Obama had no clothes, that all he had was playing with his brown skin. That observation was called racist. Yet, it has been made recently, loud and clear, by leftists of renown: president Obama has been incompetent, and a sell-out. As Thomas Frank puts it in Salon:
“Right-wing obstruction could have been fought: An ineffective and gutless presidency's legacy is failure.
Yes, we know, the crazy House. But we were promised hope and change on big issues. We got no vision and less action.”
Within days of Obama's accession to power, banks were given public money without any counterparts. This was an outrageous theft of public money. I advocated it was “Time for RICO“. I may as well have told the mafia to summon the police.
Just as Reagan-Bush 25 years ago, and Sweden later, after 2007, the UK and Germany nationalized giant banks such as Northern Rock, RBS, Hypo Real Estate, when they had to give them hundreds of billions to save them. Instead in the USA, the banks were given trillions, without so much as a change of management; the fact the banks were given money was hidden by the simple device of TARP, then giving plenty more to banks through Quantitative Easing, to reimburse TARP…
To the great applause of conscientious, politically correct “liberals”, such as drummer boy Krugman.
This has world consequences: it made American financiers rule the world, more than ever; GE, saved by Obama's $60 billion, just bought a French giant competitor, Alsthom. This is the Faustian deal of the USA: its plutocrats may rule the USA, but they also rule the world, and that increasing empire profits average Americans.
The dying Roman Republic went through a similar Faustian bargain with its increasing militarization: the resulting empire profited the Populus Romanus, while killing the Republic. The most insidious corruption corrupts the souls.
[Profitable presidency: Obama spent at least 400 day raising billions from the richest plutocrats.]
Then, unbelievably, Obama kept on saying he could not do a thing without Republican's approval (never mind that he had 60% of the votes in the Senate, and a strong majority in Congress). It was, Obama explained disingenuously, a new way of doing politics by consensus. The savages opposing him rejected it, Obama's fanatics informed us, thus making him a failure.
In truth, Obama had such strong control of all the government and the legislative, he could easily have imposed “Medicare For All“.
I have said all of this in the past, but, from another pen, my point of view comes out stronger. Thomas Frank again:
“America should have changed but didn't… [how] to explain an age when every aspect of societal breakdown was out in the open and the old platitudes could no longer paper it over—when the meritocracy was clearly corrupt, when the financial system had devolved into organized thievery, when everyone knew that the politicians were bought and the worst criminals went unprosecuted and the middle class was in a state of collapse and the newspaper pundits were like street performers… for an audience that had lost its taste for mime and seriousness both. It was a time when every thinking person could see that the reigning ideology had failed, that an epoch had ended, that the shitty consensus ideas of the 1980s had finally caved in—and when an unlikely champion arose from the mean streets of Chicago to keep the whole thing propped up nevertheless.”
As early as 2009, it dawned on me that Obama was neither incompetent nor a sellout. I said so on some leftist sites, and was promptly thrown out, as a “troll” and a “Neo-Con”. Obama was a Neo-Conservative from the start and was chosen for that, by the higher-ups of the “democratic” party: they gave him a keynote speech, and their top master operative.
Obama practiced Dick Morris and Bill Clinton's theory of triangulation — basically the democrats do the republicans' work for them: democrats deregulated, balanced the budget, and unleashed the financial markets of the USA, while allowing huge corporations to pay no taxes. Clinton declared that the “era of big government is over.” Big banks, small government.
All of this covered by noises to the contrary while the notorious weasel, Dick Morris, chuckled. Weasels are somewhat below apes in the evolution of evolution. Not to worry, French judges never heard of Dick Morris, and he is white, in any case.
Nearly all American leftists, including myself, did not see early enough that Obama was a Neo-Con with Martin Luther King's mien. We got manipulated by his speeches and rhetoric. His King-style voice rhythms sucked all back to the nostalgia of the progressive 1960s.
We were blinded by political correctness. I recovered quickly, in the first few weeks of Obama's administration: it was clear Obama was all in rhetoric, and no action.
Obama claimed he could not do a thing, because the “Republicans” blocked him. In truth, fifth generation plutocrats such as Max Baucus, a major democratic senator, were the excuse Obama evoked, in democratic circles, to say he could not a thing. (That Max Baucus lather authored “Obamacare”, is pretty telling.)
I wrote, on this site, about the commonality between Obama's behavior and that of the “boys” who used to serve white masters in Kenya. Some in my family wrote to me I had trampled on their hearts, and had no common decency. I replied my decency was uncommon. (No doubt it made their stays at Camp David less comfy, so they have hated me ever since.)
Obama is a far more competent Neo-Con than Bush Jr., or even Reagan, ever were. Those had opponents. Obama got collaborators, all over. No banana peel shaking for him. No need for French judges.
The two Bushes generated a backlash and really could only rule in secret, or though devious means. Obama instead pushed the agenda of Wall Street Banks, USA corporations, and the CIA/NSA much further than Bush ever dreamed of, by going public about it while carefully misrepresenting the truth.
For example, Obama officially clashed with Netanyahu. However, below that surface of enmity, extensive cooperation developed, say on anti-missile systems (the fact I like those systems is irrelevant). Such systems were crucial to allow Israel to not negotiate with the Palestinians.
Clinton was the best president the republicans ever had. Under him Franklin D. Roosevelt's revolutionary reforms of finance and banks were completely undone; Rubin, that is Goldman Sachs and their followers were solidly in command. Clinton, while officially at war with Newt Gingrich, was actually doing the work the Republicans could never have done, had Bush Senior still been president.
As the Republicans got all they wanted, the debate switched further to the right. When the democrats acquired control of Congress in 2006, they went right. Pelosi and company accepted to give all the money banks and shadow banks wanted in 2008. Without any counterparts. Obama became the best president the Neo-Cons could dream of.
Obama once convoked all the top bankers to the White House. He announced, triumphal, that the Obama team was “the only thing between you and the pitchforks”. He delivered. Thanks to political correctness, nobody important dared say that the emperor had no clothes. That, would, indeed, have deemed to be racist. Still is. But not for long.
The picture that will stick with Obama is the one I observed six years ago: a black boy, serving the white masters. and not for brains: under Obama, the share of scientific publications by the USA has collapsed. Why? Under Obama, plutocratization has jumped (as I said, because of the treatment of finance). So it has in academia. But money has deleterious effects on research (if nothing else, it creates the wrong mood and obsession).
Obama ran his first campaign as “change you can believe in”. Yes, none at all. Obama, at best consolidated Bush's Neo-Con rule. At worst he is still the engulfing lie that appearance is all what reality is about.
Patrice Ayme'
Share this: Please do share, ideas are made to spread and enlighten! Print
Facebook
Google
Email
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Pocket
Pinterest
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: Bill Clinton, Bush, FDR, Neo-Con, Obama, Political Correctness, Reagan, Triangulation
Narcissus
An Echo haunted flower grows more curious by the hour.
Twice as lucky
Five times strong
Here two seconds
The next one, gone
When I was very young other kids were mean. Not all of them, but it was bad enough. Everything is bigger when you're a child, but I never really would've felt small if not for them. I was scared. God knows what I could have been scared of now. But as a kid it must have felt like the sky was falling. Before recess one day, I created a poem in my head about somebody who could help, a Hero (I like to think I've always had a way with words, but I'm biased of course). As the bullies approached me I recited this poem for the first time out loud, and suddenly they were all running away from me. I wondered if my newfound confidence had stunned them, then I turned around and saw My Hero. My Hero wrapped me in a hug and took me away from my tormentors. I laughed as I was whisked away from them. When you're a kid, these things don't tend to scare you. You just think that's how the world works.
Twice as helpful
Five times high
Twice as loving
Once as shy
My Hero's lair looked quite nice; it felt homey, like somebody's grandmother lived there. I spent many recesses there and we played until I had to go back to class. The others were frightened by My Hero. I could hardly see why. My Hero never did anything but ask about itself, a positive narcissist. My Hero was constantly concerned with what others thought and was appreciative for any description anybody said or wrote, delighting in the most redundant of descriptions and the most delightful or fearful of written notes. My Hero soon became My Friend. We spoke in a language that could have only been my native one but was somehow more than that. We spoke as if without words, interacted without a need for meaning. Saying goodbye made us both very sad, but I knew I only need to call out to meet again.
Twice as hopeful
Five times glad
Twice as wand'ring
Once as sad
We both had problems. We didn't like talking about that. We would rather share the joyful moments in both our lives, like being able to talk to each other. I never knew what My Friend did when I was gone. Perhaps I should have. When we were away, my life might as well have repeated every day. Even if it became redundant, I enjoyed learning in school. I loved learning things that were true and things that weren't. I especially liked fiction and mythology. All I wanted was to be smarter. I figured that the older you got, the more you should know. Looking back, I can see how wrong I was. You're much more certain when you're younger. I was smarter as a child than I ever have been as an adult.
Twice forgotten
Five times left
Twice as lonely
Once bereft
Soon, though, nobody would acknowledge My Friend. My parents would tell me that my imaginary friend wasn't real. They would gasp in horror at my "dark" pictures depicting our many happy moments. They all thought I was strange. I supposed I was, but I couldn't let on that I agreed. I stopped calling My Friend. Then one day I read a story that I thought helped me understand (though I now see it only led to more confusion). The story was of a nymph whose only crime was repeating words, and a man whose vanity consumed him. I thought myself Echo while My Friend was Narcissus. All of our discussions were me repeating what I saw and what I knew. With a thought like this and a jury of my peers in denial, I soon became bitter and denied My Friend's existence.
I stopped looking for the strange and supernatural; it began finding me anyway. I rejected it at first, but I couldn't deny my fascination. When most would be frightened, I remained merely curious. There were others like me. An entire Foundation. They made an offer I couldn't refuse, and with their help, I didn't just see more of the abnormal. I learned to understand it, interact with it, and, eventually, contain it.
I haven't thought about most of this in a long time.
But I'm certain of one thing. As an adult, the more I learn, the more I don't know. I know there are some things I could never begin to understand, I know there are things nobody ever will understand, I know there are things nobody should have to understand. Every new answer brings more questions. Working at a Foundation like this one only proves how little we know. But I'm becoming more certain of things that I was aware of as a child. I know now that My Friend was not imaginary, not any more than I am. And I do know things now that I didn't before. I know why the others thought me strange. I know that this emptiness I've felt since childhood was guilt of abandoning My Friend. And I know that the Foundation, if they found out, would do all in their power to contain My Friend.
Echo loved Narcissus
But he left her all alone
She vanished as the river bed
Became Narcissus' home
I know that Narcissus treated Echo too harshly. But I still wonder why Narcissus rejected Echo. Did he dislike her? What had she ever done to him but love him? Why did I reject My Friend? Perhaps, if we had been less proud, Narcissus might have loved Echo and I might have still seen My Friend. But what might have been and what is are two different things. For now, Narcissus is only a flower, and Echo is merely a second voice when you're alone. I wanted to rewrite the ending, prevent my heart from breaking. I guess I never understood the point of the myth anyway. How much damage did I cause because of this? Will My Friend forgive me? I guess I'll find out soon. It only takes a stroke of the pen, or even just a whisper.
In case I don't come back this time, I'll leave one suggestion for the documentation.
Blog Archive February 2019 (13) January 2019 (10) December 2018 (10) November 2018 (9) October 2018 (9) September 2018 (11) August 2018 (18) July 2018 (18) June 2018 (15) May 2018 (15) April 2018 (15) March 2018 (20) February 2018 (14) January 2018 (17) December 2017 (13) November 2017 (15) October 2017 (18) September 2017 (16) August 2017 (21) July 2017 (17) June 2017 (16) May 2017 (20) April 2017 (17) March 2017 (21) February 2017 (18) January 2017 (22) December 2016 (17) November 2016 (20) October 2016 (17) September 2016 (17) August 2016 (21) July 2016 (19) June 2016 (16) May 2016 (20) April 2016 (19) March 2016 (23) February 2016 (19) January 2016 (20) December 2015 (23) November 2015 (20) October 2015 (19) September 2015 (18) August 2015 (18) July 2015 (20) June 2015 (19) May 2015 (20) April 2015 (23) March 2015 (20) February 2015 (26) January 2015 (19) December 2014 (24) November 2014 (22) October 2014 (25) September 2014 (22) August 2014 (25) July 2014 (28) June 2014 (25) May 2014 (24) April 2014 (25) March 2014 (24) February 2014 (23) January 2014 (28) December 2013 (23) November 2013 (24) October 2013 (23) September 2013 (22) August 2013 (20) July 2013 (24) June 2013 (24) May 2013 (24) April 2013 (28) March 2013 (23) February 2013 (23) January 2013 (28) December 2012 (25) November 2012 (25) October 2012 (26) September 2012 (20) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (28) June 2012 (22) May 2012 (22) April 2012 (24) March 2012 (24) February 2012 (28) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (15) November 2011 (22) October 2011 (25) September 2011 (25) August 2011 (31) July 2011 (29) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (44) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (38) February 2011 (42) January 2011 (33) December 2010 (49) November 2010 (33) October 2010 (32) September 2010 (43) August 2010 (41) July 2010 (46) June 2010 (64) May 2010 (60) April 2010 (66) March 2010 (31) February 2010 (21) January 2010 (24) December 2009 (24) November 2009 (26) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (27) August 2009 (22) July 2009 (29) June 2009 (28) May 2009 (28) April 2009 (31) March 2009 (24) February 2009 (30) January 2009 (29) December 2008 (28) November 2008 (27) October 2008 (36) September 2008 (26) August 2008 (36) July 2008 (61) June 2008 (56) May 2008 (50) April 2008 (49) March 2008 (54) February 2008 (59) January 2008 (55) December 2007 (31) November 2007 (47) October 2007 (67) September 2007 (44) August 2007 (41) July 2007 (51) June 2007 (45) May 2007 (44) April 2007 (30) March 2007 (30) February 2007 (22) January 2007 (38) December 2006 (38) November 2006 (41) October 2006 (65) September 2006 (39) August 2006 (45) July 2006 (39) June 2006 (31) May 2006 (40) April 2006 (25) March 2006 (46) February 2006 (30) January 2006 (34) December 2005 (29) November 2005 (37) October 2005 (27) September 2005 (32) August 2005 (28) July 2005 (27) June 2005 (28) May 2005 (39) April 2005 (41) March 2005 (51) February 2005 (36) January 2005 (35) December 2004 (40) November 2004 (38) October 2004 (49) September 2004 (57) August 2004 (52) July 2004 (46) June 2004 (49) May 2004 (53) April 2004 (51) March 2004 (29) February 2004 (48) January 2004 (57) December 2003 (82) November 2003 (52) October 2003 (54) September 2003 (42) August 2003 (26) July 2003 (55) June 2003 (47) May 2003 (69) April 2003 (83) March 2003 (38)
A large team of scientists led by Vanderbilt University geneticist John Capra has found surprising correlations between Neanderthal-derived DNA and disease states in humans.
Previous studies have suggested that when populations of anatomically modern humans migrated out of Africa, they interbred with Neanderthals (Homo neanderthalensis).
More recently, genetic researchers have identified parts of the human genome carrying Neanderthal genetic variants, but they still don't fully understand how Neanderthal-derived variants influence modern human traits.
Now, by comparing a genome-wide map of Neanderthal gene groups with health records of 28,000 adults of European ancestry, Dr. Capra and co-authors have documented the lingering effects of Neanderthal-derived versions of genes.
The data came from the Electronic Medical Records and Genomics Network (eMERGE), which links digitized records from Vanderbilt University Medical Center's BioVU databank and eight other hospitals around the United States.
“Our main finding is that Neanderthal DNA does influence clinical traits in modern humans,” said Dr. Capra, who is the senior author on a study published in the journal Science.
“We discovered associations between Neanderthal DNA and a wide range of traits, including immunological, dermatological, neurological, psychiatric and reproductive diseases.”
The team first defined about 135,000 high-confidence Neanderthal genetic variations in modern humans.
Next, they looked at the relationships between these genetic variations and conditions Neanderthal-derived alleles are thought to influence, ultimately finding that Neanderthal alleles were significantly correlated with the risk for 12 traits, including depression, myocardial infarction, and blood disorders.
For example, the team found that a specific bit of Neanderthal DNA significantly increases risk for nicotine addiction.
They also found a number of variants that influence the risk for depression: some positively and some negatively. In fact, a surprising number of snippets of Neanderthal DNA were associated with psychiatric and neurological effects.
“The pattern of associations that we discovered suggest that today's population retains Neanderthal DNA that may have provided modern humans with adaptive advantages 40,000 years ago as they migrated into new non-African environments with different pathogens and levels of sun exposure,” the scientists said.
“However, many of these traits may no longer be advantageous in modern environments.”
_____
Corinne N. Simonti et al. 2016. The phenotypic legacy of admixture between modern humans and Neandertals. Science, vol. 351, no. 6274, pp. 737-741; doi: 10.1126/science.aad2149
The 1991–92 San Jose Sharks season was the Sharks' inaugural season. They finished in sixth place in the Smythe Division with a record of 17 wins, 58 losses, and 5 ties for 39 points. Goaltender Jeff Hackett was named team MVP.
Offseason [ edit ]
Connection to Minnesota [ edit ]
The Gund family had been partners in the Oakland Seals franchise which was moved to Cleveland to become the NHL Cleveland Barons. This franchise was merged with the North Stars franchise and the Gunds became partners in the North Stars' franchise. The Gund family had long wanted to bring hockey back to the Bay Area, and asked the NHL for permission to move the North Stars there in the late 1980s, but were vetoed by the league. Meanwhile, a group led by former Hartford Whalers owner Howard Baldwin was pushing the NHL to bring a team to San Jose, where a new arena was being built. Eventually a compromise was struck by the league, where the Gunds would sell their share of the North Stars to Baldwin's group, with the Gunds receiving an expansion team in the Bay Area to begin play in the 1991–92 NHL season.[1] In return, the North Stars would be allowed to participate as an equal partner in an expansion draft with the new Bay Area team. Neither team retains the history of the Seals/Barons franchise.
On May 5, 1990, the Gunds officially sold their share of the North Stars to Baldwin and were awarded a new team in the Bay Area, based in San Jose. Over 5000 potential names were submitted by mail for the new team. While the first-place finisher was "Blades", the Gunds were concerned about the name's negative connotations (weapons, etc.) and went with the runner-up, "Sharks". The name was said to have been inspired by the large number of sharks living in the Pacific Ocean. Seven different varieties live there, and one area of water near the Bay Area is known as the "red triangle" because of its shark population. The team's first marketing head, Matt Levine, said of the new name, "Sharks are relentless, determined, swift, agile, bright and fearless. We plan to build an organization that has all those qualities."[2]
Drafting [ edit ]
On top of the normal expansion process, the Sharks participated in a draft to select players from the North Stars. The Sharks and Stars then participated in an expansion draft. Both teams selected in the NHL Entry Draft. The Sharks selected second-overall in the first round, and then first-overall in the following rounds. The Sharks selected Pat Falloon with their first pick, regarded widely as a draft bust.
Captain [ edit ]
Defenceman Doug Wilson is acquired from the Chicago Blackhawks. He's named the franchise's first team captain.
Regular season [ edit ]
The Sharks played their first ever game on October 4, 1991, against the Vancouver Canucks at Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia, losing 4–3 to the Canucks. Craig Coxe scored the first goal in team history. The next night, on October 5, the Sharks played their first ever home game at the Cow Palace, losing 5–2 to Vancouver. The club earned their first victory during their third game, on October 8, as Kelly Kisio scored the game-winning goal at 16:45 of the third period, leading the Sharks to a 4–3 win over the Calgary Flames. Goaltender Brian Hayward made 36 saves to earn the victory.
After recording their first win, the Sharks lost their next 13 games, falling to 1–15–0, before putting together back-to-back wins over the Edmonton Oilers and New York Islanders. The team earned their first ever tie against the Detroit Red Wings on November 14, as the teams skated to a 3–3 score. On November 29, after losing their first 13 road games, the Sharks earned their first ever point on the road, as San Jose tied the Edmonton Oilers, 4–4, at Northlands Coliseum in Edmonton, Alberta. The next night, on November 30, the Sharks held off the Calgary Flames for a 2–1 victory at the Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta, earning their first ever road victory.
Throughout the season, the Sharks allowed 10 or more goals in a game three times, which included a club-record 11 goals allowed against the Detroit Red Wings on February 15, 1992, as Detroit defeated the Sharks, 11–1. The team did not earn any shutouts during the season. The most goals San Jose scored in a game was on February 26, as the Sharks defeated the Quebec Nordiques, 7–4. The team was shut out nine times, the first one being on October 23, losing 3–0 to the Hartford Whalers.
Overall, San Jose finished the season with a 17–58–5 record, earning 39 points, and sixth place in the Smythe Division, 35 points behind the fifth-place Calgary Flames, and 42 points behind the Winnipeg Jets for the final playoff position in the division.
Rookie Pat Falloon led the club with 25 goals, 34 assists and 59 points in 79 games. David Bruce was the only other Shark to score 20 or more goals, as he had 22 goals and 38 points in 60 games. Brian Mullen scored 18 goals and 46 points in 72 games. On defence, Doug Wilson had nine goals and 28 points in an injury-shortened 44 games to lead the blueline. Link Gaetz provided the team toughness, earning 326 penalty minutes in only 48 games, while chipping in with six goals and 12 points.
In goal, Jeff Hackett earned the most playing time, going 11–27–1 with a 3.82 GAA and .892 save percentage in 42 games.
The Sharks finished the season 22nd in both scoring (219 goals for) and goaltending (359 goals against).[3]
Season standings [ edit ]
Divisions: NRS – Norris, SMY – Smythe
bold – Qualified for playoffs
Schedule and results [ edit ]
[6]
Player statistics [ edit ]
Forwards [ edit ]
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points
Defencemen [ edit ]
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points
Goaltending [ edit ]
Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against
Player GP MIN W L T SO GAA Wade Flaherty 3 645 0 3 0 0 4.38 Jeff Hackett 42 2314 11 27 1 0 3.84 Brian Hayward 7 305 1 4 0 0 4.92 Artūrs Irbe 13 645 2 6 3 0 4.47 Jarmo Myllys 27 1374 3 18 1 0 5.02
Transactions [ edit ]
All Season Transactions [ edit ]
Draft picks [ edit ]
NHL Entry Draft [ edit ]
NHL Supplemental Draft [ edit ]
Dispersal Draft Results [ edit ]
The Sharks selected 24 players from the North Stars.
Expansion Draft Results [ edit ]
Roster [ edit ]
They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, but nuts to that - we want our favourite shows back on the telly box, and we want them back now!
Happily then, this week's Tube Talk Q&A is stuffed to the gills with tasty telly teasers, scoop and all the latest UK air dates for your US favourites.
Utopia series 2 air date? First series was the best original TV in ages.
Dave M. Benett
"It's very much under wraps," protested Utopia series two (and Game of Thrones) star Rose Leslie when we quizzed her about an air date at the Battersea Power Station first annual party last night. So, because we didn't want to get expelled from a fancy shindig by interrogating a well-known actress, we're gonna have to stick with that loose mid-2014 date Channel 4 gave us a while ago.
Rose did throw us a few juicy Utopia bones, though, promising that the new series "will be darker" than last time, and that we won't have "really seen anything like [it] on British TV before". Expect a bit of a time-travelling narrative as well, as Rose told us: "There is a flashback in the first episode of season two and I happen to be involved in that flashback." Ooh, Rose, you tease!
Any idea why the new season of The Middle has disappeared from Comedy Central, and when it's coming back? Cheers dudes!
Both our boy Steve Knight and Ric_91 were enquiring about the fate of the Heck clan a couple of weeks back, and we finally have a concrete answers for you guys!
A quick refresher - Comedy Central UK aired 12 new episodes of The Middle before putting the show on hiatus and airing repeats on Tuesdays at 9pm instead.
Goodness knows why, but we're assured that the second half of season 5 - comprising another 12 new episodes - will air in the summer.
I see there's a trailer out for season four of Falling Skies - when are we getting it in the UK?
FOX UK has confirmed that Noah Wyle will be back on our screens "looking beardy and sexy" - their words, not ours - from Tuesday, July 15. Season four of Falling Skies gets its US premiere on Sunday, June 22, so we'll be a little under three weeks behind our Yank cousins, which ain't all that bad.
The new season brings a new showrunner - David Eick, the former exec producer of Battlestar Galactica - plus new aliens, the return of Cochise (Doug Jones) and the Volm and a violent assault that force the 2nd Mass to scatter. Exciting!
Cannot believe More4 have dropped Scandal - any chance either Amazon or Netflix will bring the third series to the UK?
Yes, when the news broke that Scandal will no longer air on More4, UK Gladiators were all of a flutter - would the third season end up online? Would another channel pick it up?
Turns out another channel already had - it wasn't so much a case of 'dropped by More4' as 'pinched by Sky' for Kerry Washington's sexy, soapy drama, which will air new episodes on Sky Living this summer.
Oh, and if you're a Scandal rookie, then you can catch up on the first two seasons right now via On Demand with Sky or NOW TV - so what are you waiting for?
When will new seasons of Wentworth Prison be on Channel 5?
It's not long now until visiting time at Wentworth Prison. The Prisoner Cell Block H reboot will return for its second series in late summer/autumn, Channel 5 told us in between crossing 'T's and dotting 'I's on their £450m Viacom deal.
Season two picks up with Bea (Danielle Cormack) being let out of the slot to discover that there's a new top dog, and at some point we'll be reintroduced to iconic Cell Block H character Joan 'The Freak' Ferguson, the sadistic, lesbian prison officer that used to get our nan all riled up. Sounds brilliant!
Do you have any questions for the Tube Talk Q&A? Post them in the comments below!
Kinder Morgan has been granted an injunction against protesters who have been blocking crews from doing work in the Burnaby Mountain Conservation Area.​
The company said the protesters have been interfering with survey and drilling work it needs to complete for its submission to the National Energy Board on the proposed Trans Mountain pipeline expansion.
On Friday, just before 10:30 a.m. PT, a B.C. Supreme Court judge's ruling was released, giving protesters until 4 p.m. on Monday, Nov. 17, to dismantle their campsites and barricades, and to clear out of Kinder Morgan's survey work areas.
Associate Chief Justice Austin Cullen said in his judgment that one major consideration he had to balance is the interest of legitimate protest involving freedom of expression against potential unlawful activity, which would include assault and intimidation.
"There is no doubt that the plaintiff has the express lawful authority to access those parts of the land from which its representatives have been impeded and to conduct activities in respect of which its representatives have been prevented," he wrote.
"A court could conclude that the torts of assault and intimidation are made out, given the misuse of the bullhorns, when coupled with the aggressive and threatening language, and the general and specific efforts to physically block the plaintiff's representatives from accessing their work sites."
MORE | Burnaby Mountain Kinder Morgan pipeline protester chains himself under SUV
Cullen said the question of irreparable harm caused by granting or not granting the injunction came down in favour of Kinder Morgan, which stands to lose money through delays to its survey work.
"I am satisfied that as much as the right of public dissent must be carefully protected, what is at issue in the present case goes beyond that and engages a strong prima facie case of liability for tortious behaviour," he wrote.
Cullen also said he wasn't convinced that the company's survey work has caused or will cause irreparable harm to public land. That opinion is "bolstered by the fact that the City of Burnaby which is the occupier and ultimate custodian of the lands has not yet brought an application for a stay to suspend the balance of Trans Mountain's investigations," he said.
Cullen said he did consider the protesters' assertion that by seeking the injunction, Kinder Morgan is carving out proprietorial rights to occupy certain parts of the park and conservation area—rights that go beyond what was granted by the National Energy Board.
But, he concluded "that what is sought by the plaintiff is not in the nature of a proprietorial right rather that it is a limited and temporary right to enforce the authorization which they have been given to complete the required investigation."
Civil suit pending
The company has also filed a multi-million dollar civil suit against some of the protesters, seeking damages from lost revenue due to the delays.
SFU English professor Stephen Collis is shown near the Burnaby Mountain protest site on Oct. 29, 2014. (CBC)
Stephen Collis, one of three Simon Fraser University professors named in the civil suit, calls it a bullying tactic.
"It's really a SLAPP suit—a suit that's not a serious suit at all, but it's intended to shut up activists and stop them from participating in the process by gumming them up in courts and making them accrue excessive court costs and lawyer fees."
The $5.4-billion Trans Mountain pipeline expansion project would almost triple the current petroleum product throughput capacity between the Edmonton area and B.C.'s South Coast, from 300,000 barrels a day to almost 900,000.
Kinder Morgan has said it would prefer to bore its new pipeline through Burnaby Mountain rather than follow the existing pipeline route through residential and business areas.
The City of Burnaby has said it opposes the expansion.
Top officials at the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have taken tax deductions on travel-related expenses they were not entitled to under the law, according to the IRS's watchdog agency.
In a new report (pdf) by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, many IRS executives had improperly classified their travel as something other than “long-term taxable travel” (LTTT).
LTTT is used when employees travel to another city for more than one year, or work away from their “official station” for an indefinite amount of time. This classification means they are required to pay taxes on any travel-related reimbursements they receive.
The audit discovered that nine out of 31 IRS senior executives did not use LTTT to avoid paying taxes in 2011 and 2012.
Three other employees were faulted for not submitting their records on time.
The average travel reimbursement for the 31 executives was $51,420.
The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration said the IRS needs to do a better job of ensuring compliance by workers when doing their taxes.
“The IRS has established adequate guidance defining when travel is taxable and employees' and managers' responsibility to make that determination,” the auditors wrote. “However, the guidance was not consistently followed.”
A previous inspector general report (pdf), released last July, showed that the IRS spent $9 million on executive travel in 2011 and 2012 combined, and that a small percentage of IRS officials had very high travel expenses compared to others. That report was produced during congressional inquiries into extravagant IRS spending on training conferences and comic video productions.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
IRS Senior Execs Took Improper Tax Deductions (by Eric Katz, Government Executive)
IRS Executives Incorrectly Classified Their Travel as Nontaxable (by Michael Cohn, Accounting Today)
Internal Revenue Service's Executive Long-Term Taxable Travel (Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration) (pdf)
IRS Contractors Owe $589 Million in Back Taxes (by Matt Bewig, AllGov)
Eyevine
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
ANOTHER debate to do with Iraq and Afghanistan is building in America, one that could have important consequences for the West. This debate is being conducted in the Pentagon—and it has to do with the future shape of America's armed forces. With its far-flung alliances and commitments, the superpower rightly wants a “full spectrum” of military capabilities to deal with everything from an all-out war to a small policing action. But precisely what the mix should be is increasingly contentious—and could prove expensive.
If the biggest threat comes from rising powers, such as a belligerent Russia or a pushy China, America and its allies will need to invest in aircraft, ships and advanced weapons to cope. If the greatest challenge is the fight against militants and insurgents around the world—seen by some as a new and different “fourth generation” of warfare (see article)—then they will need more boots on the ground and, crucially, different sorts of soldiers wearing them. Sadly for taxpayers everywhere, the emerging answer from America is that a modern power needs to prepare for both challenges. But there has been a clear swing towards manpower from technology.
The troops, they are a changin'
The change has been striking. The “transformation” advocated by Donald Rumsfeld, George Bush's first defence secretary, envisaged that the armed forces would be slimmed down and money invested in “smart” weapons, reconnaissance systems and data links. Speed, stealth, accuracy and networks would substitute for massed forces. The army's idea of its “future warrior” was a kind of cyborg, helmet stuffed with electronic wizardry and a computer display on his visor, all wirelessly linked to sensors, weapons and comrades. New clothing would have in-built heating and cooling. Information on the soldier's physical condition would be beamed to medics, and an artificial “exoskeleton” (a sort of personal brace) would strengthen his limbs.
The initial success in toppling first the Taliban in Afghanistan and then Saddam Hussein in Iraq seemed to vindicate such concepts. But the murderous chaos in Iraq, and the growing violence in southern Afghanistan, have shown that America is good at destroying targets, and bad at rebuilding states. Firepower is of little use, and often counter-productive, when the enemy deliberately mingles among civilians.
Robert Gates, Mr Rumsfeld's successor, is thus presiding over something of a counter-revolution. Technological tricks are not being abandoned. But the army is to get a bigger share of the defence budget and has been told to recruit more soldiers with it. Precisely because America is so powerful against conventional armies, Mr Gates expects its enemies to rely on asymmetric warfare. In other words, America must expect to fight protracted, enervating counter-insurgency wars that offer no clear-cut victories and risk the prospect of humiliation.
A new manual on counter-insurgency co-authored by the man now in charge of the war in Iraq, General David Petraeus, overturns the notion that America doesn't “do nation-building”. Counter-insurgency, it says, is “armed social work”. It requires more brain than brawn, more patience than aggression. The model soldier should be less science-fiction Terminator and more intellectual for “the graduate level of war”, preferably a linguist, with a sense of history and anthropology.
The indirect approach
In general, the shift from technology to manpower is welcome. Some sceptics will argue that America's first future priority should be to avoid smallish wars of choice altogether. Even if that were sensible, history suggests it is unlikely to happen: American troops have kept on getting involved in foreign conflicts. The military planners' job is to cope with the likely, not to restrict democratically elected politicians' options.
From that perspective, two doubts come to the fore. The first is whether the Pentagon is right to focus so heavily on creating more combat brigades. With American units serving 15 months in the field and a year at home at best, the army understandably wants more front-line soldiers to ease the strain. But large armies have often found it extremely hard to fight guerrillas in far-away places—ask the French in Algeria, the Russians in Afghanistan and, not least, the Americans themselves in Vietnam. With the possible exception of the British in Malaya, it is hard to think of many insurgencies in modern times that have been crushed by a Western occupying power.
Post-colonial politics, stronger concerns for human rights, the rapid dispersal of news: all these (good) things make today's conflicts even harder to win for occupiers. So it may well be better to step back and work through local allies. Few insurgencies have unseated existing governments. In the “war on terror” most of the important al-Qaeda suspects have been rounded up for America by local allies. Strengthening local forces is the best way of salvaging Iraq and Afghanistan, and may help avoid the need for future interventions.
To be fair, the Pentagon talks about building “partner capacity”, but it may need more radical steps—in particular creating new specialist units to train allies, embed Western soldiers in local forces to improve their performance and be able to call in airstrikes, and help organise civil reconstruction. Generals complain about splitting the army, but they already oversee a myriad of specialist units. It is at least worth trying.
The other lingering concern with the shift in focus from destruction to construction has to do with skimping on conventional weaponry. At the margin, it is certainly worth putting more money into manpower at the expense of some futuristic projects. The prospect of an all-out war with Russia or China is distant for now; the risk of losing in Iraq and Afghanistan is acute. But raiding other defence programmes can only go so far. At 4% of GDP, America's defence spending is low by historical standards: it was 9% during the Vietnam war and 14% during the Korean war. The problem is worse in Europe: many of America's allies spend less than the 2% minimum target set by NATO. If the West wants to build a smarter army of the future, it will have to pay for it.
A gay Muslim man in Toronto who generated criticism from other purported followers of Islam after tweeting the Orlando shooter “doesn't reflect my faith as a Muslim” is speaking out against the online backlash.
Shawn Ahmed tweeted hours after gunman Omar Mateen killed 49 people and injured 53 more in the Pulse nightclub that “I want to tell the LGBT community that the Orlando shooter doesn't reflect my faith as a Muslim.”
The post prompted attacks on Ahmed, from others who said they were Muslim, due to his homosexuality.
“Where in Islamic doctrine does it preach tolerance for LGBT?” one user replied.
The criticism left Ahmed asking why he was being condemned — and not Mateen.
“If all the Muslims in my mentions right now condemning me for being a gay Muslim could condemn the Muslim shooter instead, that'd be great,” he said in a follow-up tweet.
Speaking to Global News, Ahmed said he sent his tweets to help further tolerance of his religion.
“I thought, as someone who is out and open and gay, and Muslim, I should speak and try and promote tolerance and understanding of Islam.”
Instead, he was attacked and even threatened from Twitter users.
“Some of it was every few seconds. Every few minutes,” he said. “Some wished I died in the club. Some wished I would be next. Some said they would stone me to death personally.”
Ahmed said he also received threatening tweets from at least one pro-ISIS account. He said he tried to inform police of the threats, but had trouble getting through to them. The account was then deleted, Ahmad said.
He is questioning what he called the hypocrisy of those Muslims who attacked him for being gay.
“We as a minority cannot ask for tolerance and understanding and acceptance while showing intolerance and prejudice against other minorities. That makes us hypocritical and Islam speaks against hypocrisy.”
New Delhi: The AAP government's move to replace Sanskrit with vocational subjects as the sixth compulsory subject at secondary level has been challenged in the Delhi High Court.
The public interest litigation filed by a society claims that the decision, which would be applicable to government schools, would result in extinction of languages like Urdu, Sanskrit and Punjabi, PTI reported.
It also challenges a CBSE circular which has remodeled the scheme of assessment for Class 10 for schools enrolled under the National Skills Qualifications Framework (NSQF).
In such schools, students have to compulsorily study a sixth subject, which would be a vocational subject, along with the five core subjects of two languages, social science, mathematics and science.
The CBSE offers two streams in Class 10 vocational and academic. Those opting for the academic stream have to study the five subjects and have an option to choose an additional sixth subject. However, those opting for the vocational stream will have to compulsorily study the sixth subject under NSQF, PTI said.
According to the petitioner society, Sanskrit Shikshak Sangh Delhi, the AAP government's decision to substitute languages with vocational subjects went against the National Policy on Education.
The petition, filed through advocates Harsh Ahuja and Kushal Kumar, has contended that the action of the Delhi government would cause irreparable damage to Sanskrit, Punjabi and Urdu languages and Indian culture.
It has claimed that the coming generations would not only not learn Sanskrit or other cultural languages, but they would "hardly have any knowledge of Sanskrit and the rich ancient Indian culture".
(With PTI inputs)
SAN FRANCISCO -- Changes in tree-ring density in the Arctic may be evidence of changes in light intensity during the trees' growth, according to a new study by San Francisco State University researcher Alexander Stine.
The finding has direct implications for the tree-ring "divergence problem," a phenomenon that has received considerable media attention but has been widely misinterpreted, said Stine, an assistant professor of Earth & climate sciences.
Tree rings consist of a low density ring, which forms early in the growing season, and a high density ring that forms late in the growing season. In colder parts of the world, the dense latewood rings tend to be denser during warm years. Temperature records inferred from Arctic tree rings do a good job of tracking temperature up until the 1960s, but subsequent Arctic tree-ring densities did not keep pace with increases in temperature, a discrepancy that is called the divergence problem.
Climate scientists have been aware of the divergence problem for some time, and it was mentioned in the emails from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia, where it became the focus of attention during the 2009 "Climategate" controversy.
The divergence is not a problem for understanding modern climate change in the Arctic, Stine explained, "because we have thermometers and those thermometers tell us it's warming. But it's a problem because if we want to use these tree rings as a proxy for temperatures of the past, we need to make sure that we understand what's happening now."
Stine sees the new findings as the "bright side" of the divergence problem, one which he hopes will lead to a more informed discussion about climate change. "We could learn more about past variations in light intensity at the Earth's surface, and we may be able to deepen our understanding of both trees and climate."
With his colleague Peter Huybers at Harvard University, Stine set out to understand why tree-ring density was declining in the Arctic. One possible explanation, the two thought, might be changes in light intensity that affected the trees' ability to grow. Starting in the 1960s, the amount of sunlight reaching the Earth's surface has declined. Scientists debate the cause of this "global dimming," with many scientists attributing it to pollution particles injected into the atmosphere by human activity that deflect incoming sunlight.
The researchers tested whether global dimming might be responsible for the decline in tree-ring density in the Arctic. This idea had been proposed in the past, but scientists had not been able to test the hypothesis. "It's very hard to distinguish a record that's controlled by temperature from one that's controlled by light, because light and temperature tend to vary together. Sunnier days are usually warmer," Stine added.
To get around this challenge, the researchers took advantage of the fact that there are regional variations in cloud cover and light availability throughout the Arctic, allowing them to compare trees that grew in the brightest and darkest areas but in comparable temperature ranges. They found that divergence was largest in the darkest parts of the Arctic, where changes in light should have the largest effect.
The researchers used changes in tree-ring density following volcanic eruptions to confirm the findings. Major volcanic events such as the 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines also have spewed tons of light-scattering sulfur dioxide particles into the atmosphere, decreasing the amount of sunlight reaching the surface.
Their analysis for seven different tree species suggests variations in light intensity caused by volcanic eruptions and global dimming both affect tree-ring density, and this impact is greatest in the darkest Arctic regions. In the brightest areas, the divergence problem essentially disappears, and tree-ring density is most closely linked to temperature instead.
Stine said the findings could have implications for geoengineering proposals that would pump more aerosol particles into the atmosphere as a way to block sunlight and potentially cool a warming planet. The tree-ring study suggests that Arctic trees might not grow as much -- and thus not soak up as much atmosphere-polluting carbon -- under such a plan.
###
The paper "Arctic tree rings as recorders of variations in light availability" was published in the May 7 issue of Nature Communications.
SF State is the only master's-level public university serving the counties of San Francisco, San Mateo and Marin. The University enrolls nearly 30,000 students each year and offers nationally acclaimed programs in a range of fields -- from creative writing, cinema and biology to history, broadcast and electronic communication arts, theatre arts and ethnic studies. The University's more than 219,000 graduates have contributed to the economic, cultural and civic fabric of San Francisco and beyond.
The First World War offered women the unexpected opportunity to work in fields that had previously been open only to men, proving that they could take on roles other than care-giving. The contributions of women in the early stages of the war were largely confined to the medical sphere and some of the first women to qualify as doctors in Britain worked in field hospitals. The increasing number of casualties meant that trained nurses and doctors were in great demand. The number of women working abroad was bolstered in 1915 by the decision to send Voluntary Aid Detachments (VADs) to the front lines. These women were predominantly un-trained and worked as clerks and drivers attached to hospitals.
The introduction of conscription in 1916 led the government to reconsider the roles women could play at home. The Women's Royal Naval Service (WRNS) was formed to take on roles, such as electricians and engineers, which had been vacated by members of Royal Navy who had taken up active service. In an effort to improve problems of food shortage the Women's Land Army was founded in 1917. The pay was poor and the work was hard, but by the time it was disbanded in 1919 more than 260,000 women had served as Land Girls. There were many other roles open to those who did not wish to join organisations linked to the armed forces: they included working as window cleaners and bus conductors. These roles are represented in the display by a selection of vintage postcards that were produced to encourage more women to contribute to the war effort.
Charitable endeavours also remained a consistent element of women's contribution and funds were established to raise money for items such as socks, Bovril and cigarettes to be sent abroad. During the course of the war the ‘Smokes for Wounded Soldiers and Sailors Society' distributed over 265 million cigarettes.
The display fittingly coincides with the hundredth anniversary of the death of Edith Cavell, who was executed in 1915 for helping Allied soldiers escape from Belgium.
Photographs Collection: Display
© National Portrait Gallery, London
Thousands upon thousands of words have been written about research into parent-child relationships and couples' bonds.
But when it comes to studies involving one of the longest and most significant relationships a human can have — that of adult siblings — research is scant, according to University of Maryland School of Social Work professors Geoffrey Greif and Michael Woolley.
In their new book, "Adult Sibling Relationships," published by Columbia University, Greif, 66, and Woolley, 58, explore the often understudied affection, ambivalence and ambiguity of sibling relationships through the lens of middle-age adults and older. The book, suggested for therapists and siblings looking to better understand or improve these relationships, encourages clear communication, forgiveness and looking to the past to identify sources of conflict to make amends and foster stronger bonds.
"The relationships we have with our siblings are the longest relationships we'll ever have. We have them longer than our parents, our partners, our children and probably longer than our friends in most cases," Greif said. But in the world of social work and therapy, "we don't have a language for siblings who don't get along," said Woolley, who himself has relationships varying in closeness with his five siblings.
Greif, who has studied male friendships, couples and parent-child relationships over a 30-year career, called on Woolley, director of research for the Maryland Longitudinal Data System Center, to co-write the book and help with statistical research.
Their research probes the relationships of 262 people between ages 40 and 90. Each subject has at least one living sibling, a benchmark that allowed the authors to explore the dynamics of more than 700 siblings through in-person interviews, writing prompts and multiple-choice questions.
Upbringing, according to the authors, was a distinct factor in sibling relationships later in life.
"When parents showed favoritism or interfered in sibling conflict, those adult siblings were more likely to tend to conflict, and they were less likely to collaborate in the care of older parents," Woolley said.
Simply put, "if adult children get along better, they'll take care of their parents better," said Greif, who is the youngest of three siblings.
The authors also found that the dynamics of sibling relationships during childhood often transferred into adulthood. A relationship that lacked trust in childhood was likely to have a similar emotional status later in life, Woolley said, while a person who had a positive emphasis on sibling relationships during childhood often found those relationships to be strong in adulthood.
Liz Hergenroeder Pepple, a psychotherapist and participant in the study, is one of 12 siblings and identified with this finding.
From the days of working in her family's deli and bakery in Gardenville, the 68-year-old Towson resident remembers being required to collaborate and work with her four brothers and seven sisters daily. It meant doing almost everything with them.
"We were each other's best friends," said Pepple, recalling the Sundays when she and her siblings would split a bag of Hershey chocolates or divide the seeds of a pomegranate among the 12 after a day's work. Since then, they have all experienced the ups and downs of growing older together, Pepple said, including the devastating deaths of their parents and four of their siblings, three of whom died of cancer.
"It's still incredibly painful. You'd think you have died yourself," Pepple said. "The pain is so excruciating."
The closeness she felt growing up with her brothers and sisters remains, but she has experienced some of the ambiguity Greif and Woolley write about — especially once the lifelong Democrat realized one of her siblings supported presidential candidate Donald Trump.
"I hadn't realized that I had sisters [who] are Republicans. I went, 'What? When did that happen to you?'" she said.
The book embraces the congenial aspects of sibling relationships — and the less loving.
"We all know we should have affection for our siblings, but what if we don't? What if we're a mixed bag?" Woolley said.
According to Greif, most people are "mixed bags" of emotions. Seventy percent of subjects said their relationship with another sibling had waxed and waned.
One minute, we praise our siblings for their undying support, Greif said; the next, we complain. The book's research shows that relationships are often "gray" or ambiguous, fueled by very different experiences and personalities.
"That's one of the things we're trying to do with the book — just telling people that it's OK that they have a wide range of strong feelings about their siblings," Woolley said.
Family therapist Karen Gail Lewis, who practices in Silver Spring, has been helping siblings in their relationships via therapy and weekend retreats for more than 30 years. Used as a source in Greif and Woolley's book, Lewis said that sibling relationships over time resemble an hourglass figure.
"In childhood, siblings tend to be close — that's the bottom of the hourglass. And as the waist ... is getting smaller, this represents the 20s and 30s, when we're less close and we're living our own lives," Lewis said. "Then [the hourglass] moves out again as the kids are growing up and spending more time with their larger families, and siblings now have closer contact with each other. The top of the hourglass is old age, when siblings become more important."
Lewis found that siblings tend to keep in touch the most after the age of 65, which is all the more reason to seek help for sibling conflicts or rivalries now, she said.
Greif and Woolley's book offers suggestions for both mental health practitioners and those interested in improving and exploring the many complexities of their sibling relationships. Drawing upon three theorists, including Argentinian family therapist Salvador Minuchin, Greif and Woolley stressed the importance of setting boundaries, ensuring that parents don't interfere too often or project favoritism, which can cause conflicts between siblings well into adulthood. Subjects Greif and Woolley interviewed also emphasized clear communication and making an effort in the relationship as ways to improve bonds.
"They must be willing to make the initial effort and then a continued commitment to reignite the relationship and keep it alive," Greif and Woolley stated in the book.
Greif and Woolley said their work is not done.
"We had too much fun with this book not to do another," Woolley said.
Do emergency rooms offer ultrasound services? Do emergency rooms have the equipment necessary for ultrasound examination? These are some of the most common questions patients ask in online forums and through emails written to emergency rooms.
An ultrasound scan is a medical test that uses high frequency sounds waves to capture and provide images from inside the body. The technology allows doctors to diagnose problems with various body organs, vessels and tissues without necessarily making incisions.
Ultrasound technology is very prominent in emergency rooms and it has helped doctors diagnose and treat a plethora of infections. Initially, this technology was used solely in the evaluation of trauma patients to determine how serious the injuries were.
Thanks to its efficiency though, ultrasound technology soon started featuring prominently in other areas. Its use was expanded to include a number of both diagnostic and procedural applications. One of the main reason why ultrasound use became very common in emergency rooms was the introduction of triage. Triage fueled ultrasound's use because emergency rooms needed to quickly diagnose patients to determine how serious their infections were.
Ultrasound provides very accurate images and provides live images which makes it very quick. This means that physicians and nurses can be able to quickly get the information they require to asses a patient's medical condition in seconds and provide the necessary medication.
Furthermore, almost every single emergency room physician can be able to safely, quickly and accurately use ultrasound technology and obtain the desired results. This ease of use gives ultrasound technology an edge over the other technologies and it is not surprising that it features so prominently in emergency rooms.
Procedures which proved difficult in the past, were made easier thanks to ultrasound technology. Complex procedures such as pericardiocentesis, paracentesis, thoracostomy and detection of foreign bodies were made easier with ultrasound imaging.
As far as diagnostic screening is concerned, ultrasound technology is used in 4 main areas; Abdominal, pelvic, cardiac and trauma examination. Here is a quick look at how ultrasound is used the named areas;
Abdominal
Abdominal pains are a common reason for which people visit emergency rooms in America. Abdominal pains are indicative of serious illness to major abdominal organs such as the gallbladder, abdominal aorta and the kidney.
Through ultrasounds, emergency room physicians are able to diagnose complications such as kidney stones, gallstones, abdominal aortic aneurysm, aortic dilation, hydronephrosis, obstructive uropathy, calculi and may other abdominal infections.
Ultrasounds are used to not only detect these infections in the abdomen but to rule out the presence of other complications. There is nothing as hard as trying to guess what the problem with a patient is and ultrasounds helps to provide the certainty required.
Pelvic examinations
Another area of interest in emergency rooms is the pelvic region. Pelvic ultrasound is crucial especially in pregnant women. A lot of women complain of pelvic pains and vaginal bleeding in their first trimester of pregnancy and this is where ultrasound is called upon.
With the help of ultrasound technology, emergency room doctors are able to diagnose various pregnancy related complications and provide the medical care required. Pregnancy complications such as ectopic pregnancies, uterine pregnancy and potential miscarriages are diagnosed on time and the appropriate medication offered. Ultrasound is also used to monitor the baby's progress and reveal the unborn baby's gender even before the baby is born.
Cardiac
Heart problems are among the most serious complications reported in emergency rooms. With the help of ultrasound, doctors are able to diagnose the various cardiac problems reported and provide the appropriate treatment.
Cardiac ultrasound helps detect problems such as pericardial tamponade, effusion and vessel dilation on the surface of the heart. Without ultrasound imaging, it would be impossible or very difficult to diagnose these complications and the death toll from heart conditions would tremendously increase.
Trauma examinations
As earlier on mentioned, trauma examination was among the first uses of ultrasound. Ultrasound is crucial when it comes to examining trauma victims and helps identify the affected areas and pinpoint the exact problems.
Through ultrasound screening, doctors can identify cases of hemoperitoneum, hemopericardium and other complications arising from trauma. Ultrasound is preferred when it comes to trauma examination because it doesn't expose victims to radiation or contrast which means that the screening can be carried out repeatedly until the desired results are obtained.
Here at Frontline Emergency Room in White Rock Lake Dallas, TX, ultrasound is part and parcel of our diagnosis and you can expect us to use it when necessary. We offer high quality no wait emergency care services provided by board certified physicians and registered nurses. Day or night, we are always available to serve you and offer the care you need.
If you are in Richmond or Dallas and are looking for an emergency room, look no further than our way. For more information on our services, give us a call today and we will gladly be of service.
Think for a minute about what you work on. In your work life, in your side projects. What are you going to do this upcoming week that is really, really hard? This is not a rhetorical question–it's the kind that shouldn't raise a null reference exception. There should be something.
Because you are a good developer. You're way above the Fizzbuzz level–you read blog posts about programming in your spare time, because you're here. That's top 10% right there, which is purely the admission price of reading this article. If you have gone to a couple of meetups or learned a new language this year, you're top 1%. If you've put 80 hours into a side project this year, you're top .05%.
So why are you writing CRUD apps?
I'll tell you why. Because CRUD is the universal application [1]. CRUD on every platform. CRUD on the web, on iOS, on desktop, in embedded, in Microsoft Access, in Oracle, on Rails, on PHP, CRUD. CRUD at startups. CRUD at enterprises. In a box, with a fox. It's the “Java everywhere” dream Sun failed to achieve. Every time you write a CRUD app, Jonathan Schwartz gets a nickel and Knuth dies a little inside. Take a good, hard look at what you are working on and compute your Levenshtein distance from being a Sun drone.
There are two reasons why you need to put your foot down and stop doing CRUD. The first is because CS, mathematics, engineering, and every discipline need the best and brightest people doing things that actually matter, not cranking out SQL queries. We have genuinely tough battles to fight: the power wall in hardware, computational complexity in CS, user interaction is in the dark ages, self-driving cars, biotech, SOPA and related threats, dozens of others–we're fighting a 100-front war. Your colleagues need you. Your company needs you. Your field needs you. Humanity needs you. Why are you dodging the draft? We have wars to fight, and you are sitting at home typing SELECT in all caps.
From You and Your Research:
Over on the other side of the dining hall was a chemistry table. I had worked with one of the fellows, Dave McCall; furthermore he was courting our secretary at the time. I went over and said, “Do you mind if I join you?” They can't say no, so I started eating with them for a while. And I started asking, “What are the important problems of your field?” And after a week or so, “What important problems are you working on?” And after some more time I came in one day and said, “If what you are doing is not important, and if you don't think it is going to lead to something important, why are you at Bell Labs working on it?” I wasn't welcomed after that; I had to find somebody else to eat with! That was in the spring. In the fall, Dave McCall stopped me in the hall and said, “Hamming, that remark of yours got underneath my skin. I thought about it all summer, i.e. what were the important problems in my field. I haven't changed my research,” he says, “but I think it was well worthwhile.” And I said, “Thank you Dave,” and went on. I noticed a couple of months later he was made the head of the department. I noticed the other day he was a Member of the National Academy of Engineering. I noticed he has succeeded. I have never heard the names of any of the other fellows at that table mentioned in science and scientific circles. They were unable to ask themselves, “What are the important problems in my field?”
We have difficult problems to solve and we need our A-players on the field. When you can play at the super bowl, you don't sit on the bench.
Although it was industry-specific, I was moved by the way Gruber phrased it:
One simple way to look at it is that there are far more people who've never bought an iPhone and who've never bought an iPad, who will in the next five years than all of us who've already bought at least one to this point. And I don't see how anybody can deny that, unless something unbelievable, dramatic changes. That's certainly the way everything is going now. If you think this app store platform is big now, you really haven't seen anything yet. At an event last week, Tim Cook had a line – he said, ‘This is an extraordinary time to be at Apple'. And He is definitely right. But I say to you, ‘This is an extraordinary time to be an Apple developer' .This is the right time and the right place. This is a once in a career opportunity. This is like being a Rock and roll musician in the late sixties. This is like being a filmmaker in the seventies following Scorsese, Coppola, Steven Spielberg, George Lucas (when he was sane). If things go right, if things go the way I think they are going to go, these next five years, we are never going to work harder, we are never going to be under more pressure, we're never going to be more stressed, we are never going to feel like we have to work faster and we are never going to have to solve tougher problems. We're never going to have to move this fast. But the only thing any of us are going to regret is if we don't aim big enough. If you don't feel that you're now in a position to do the best work of your entire career, to look back and say, ‘This was the time, I was there, I did this, I helped make this thing a reality', then you need to find a new position. This chance will never come again. And we are lucky, we're so unbelievably, incredibly lucky that it even came this once.
The other reason is entirely practical–anyone can do CRUD. People working for $10/hour in Outsourceizstan can do CRUD. Maybe not well–but it doesn't need to be done well. It just needs to be done. Cheaply, if at all possible.
So every time you look at a CRUD project, you're competing with people in Outsourceizstan who make 20% what you do. CRUD is, quite quantitatively, a job on the same level as stocking shelves at a grocery store. Unskilled labor is a fine and noble profession, but if you have a highly marketable skill it's probably not the career path for you.
You may say “This is all fine and good, but I'm getting paid big bucks for CRUD.” But you do not get paid big bucks in a vacuum. A company that is willing to pay you US market rates for CRUD is a temporary market aberration. You are one new boss away from being out on the street, exposed for the obscene cost center you are. At which point you will have many years of CRUD on your resume, instead of being the guy who worked in audio compression or graph theory or scalable systems. Ride the gravy train, but make the conscious effort to stay current. Winter's coming.
As a contractor, one of the things I look for to qualify leads is “Is the project hard?” For example, a lot of people use the word “simple” when talking about the app they want to build (“I want to make a simple app that…”) which is really a kind of secret code for “easy” or “cheap”. (They are completely oblivious the fact that practically the whole mantra of Steve Jobs, and of the iPhone, is that simple is hard and expensive, and obliviousness is a very bad trait in clients.) Whenever somebody says “simple”, I know immediately that the project is going to Outsourceizstan. Often the clients do not know this themselves. Time and effort is poured into the sale. Conference rooms are stocked with cupcakes and coffee. Then, all of a sudden, they find some underappreciated undergrad to do it, and stop returning your calls.
Although I am a happy contractor, occasionally I humor job offers. In addition to a full deck of other questions I ask, I inquire “So what are you going to do if you have trouble filling the position?” Usually they look at me like I am crazy and and that they are sure the right person is in the resume pile, or that I are not the only candidate that they are talking to, or some equivalent response. Which is code for “This job is not very hard.” As soon as they say that, the jig is up–they are hiring a warm body to write a for loop or two and go to meetings twice a week, and they can fulfill those requirements a lot more cheaply than by hiring a real professional software developer. Other people can tackle that; you were born to solve real problems.
When I was starting out, I would describe what I do as “writing iPhone apps,” which was both accurate and sufficient. But as the market has matured, I've started to say we “write really hard iPhone apps, that are too hard for other developers to write.” It's not that we've taken on projects that are much harder than what we've always done, but that the bottom of the market has dropped to do the floor, with a lot of things these days being cookie cutter types of code that really anybody can whip together. And the “we do really hard things” positioning turns away all of the cheap people and yields a lot of high-quality referrals from people who really are doing rocket science and as a result need somebody really good.
Of course the supply-side economics for working on hard things is good if you are a developer, because you are a big fish in a small pond. But what about the demand side? There is a limitless demand for CRUD, but only a limited demand for novel research, right?
It's true that the demand is more limited. One thing I've observed, particularly in the business world, is that people seek out incremental improvements to existing tools. CRUD projects get started because it is easy for a manager to imagine how to improve upon Excel. It is a lot harder to imagine a revolution. Can you even think of what the first meeting for the iPhone project must have been like? Perhaps Steve Jobs stood up and said “We're going to make a revolutionary, simple phone.” But what does that even mean? Where are the requirements? Perhaps you can enumerate a few disrequirements–existing phones have bad UIs and are difficult to use. But we are not within 100 miles of a single feature, or even a form factor. It's not exactly the sort of thing you can write a spec for and bid out to ten shops.
But it turns out that the demand for iPhones is enormously huge. You just have to be willing to put in the time and effort and R&D. Which requires buy-in from the people around you; they have to be on board with breaking the chain of incremental improvement and working on the revolution. This may not be the case where you work. One of your biggest constraints for Doing Hard Things is the imaginations of those around you. If your manager is a visionary and your coworkers bank at San Serriffe, then you have a nonzero shot at working on something decent. But otherwise you will spend your days poorly re-implementing Excel. Don't do that. We need you. We need you to push the world forward. Leave the incremental improvements to others. Find a community of bold revolutionaries.
As you are reflecting over your work this past year, think about what you have worked on that is Really Hard. Think about how you have pushed a discipline forward, an industry forward, and your customers forward. Think about how you transformed a company, made a new discovery, developed a novel algorithm, improved the runtime of code by an order of magnitude, written a better malloc, saved someone a million dollars, and added to human knowledge. If you're not playing at this level, get it together. Do Something Hard. Do something so that you will look back a year from now and say “I was here, I did this, I made a difference.” Either that or move to Outsourceizstan.
You don't have to suddenly quit your job and have a mid-life crisis. You can start small. Start reading an academic journal. Start that open-source project you've been meaning to work on. Sketch out the wireframes for that app. Just as one dollar a day through the magic of compound interest makes millions over a lifetime, 20 minutes of time invested per day pays enormous dividends over decades. Breakthroughs are made with far less. You don't have to join a monastery and swear off HN forever. You just have to start.
git commit -a -m "Initial commit"
[1] When I talk about writing CRUD software in this article, I don't mean solving a thorny business problem with an implementation that just so happens to consist of a CRUD application. Nor do I mean an application that is 90% CRUD and 10% quantum mechanics. In either example, there's a lot of non-CRUD value. I don't mean CRUD + [arbitrary hard thing X], I mean actually CRUD.
/ consult for your company / speak at your event? Good news! I'm an iOS developer for hire Contribute to the coffee fund so I can write more like it.
Andrelton Simmons won the Defensive Player of the Month award in our voting for May.
We've done the gushfest on Simmons' defense already a few times in this space, so we're going to keep the synopsis on his month brief and focus on a couple of the runners-up.
Player of the Month
May Ballot (Defense)
Simmons had five Defensive Runs Saved in May, tied for the most among shortstops with Stephen Drew, and ended May with 11 Defensive Runs Saved, second-most for any player at any position behind Diamondbacks outfielder Gerardo Parra's 12.
On the highlight reel for Simmons this month is a couple throws that Braves analyst Joe Simpson unofficially clocked at 97 mph. They're great plays, ones we've gotten used to at this point.
But let's give some props to two newcomers in our balloting, who finished second and third in our poll of 11 ESPN.com contributors.
Roger Bernadina, Nationals OF
Bernadina finished the month with eight Defensive Runs Saved, most among outfielders and one shy of Chase Headley's major-league leading total of nine.
What made Bernadina so good in May was his ability to stretch his range beyond that of a normal outfielder (and he plays all three positions).
AP Photo/John Bazemore
This is how Roger Bernadina catches baseballs.
Bernadina excelled in making what Fangraphs.com charts as "Out of Zone" plays -- plays made in areas of the field in which outfielders are converting less than 50 percent of balls hit into outs.
Bernadina had 14 in only 153 1/3 innings in May, a rate of about one every 11 innings. The average major league outfielder makes one every 15 innings, so from that Bernadina netted about four more balls turned into outs than an average outfielder would.
Bernadina also garnered two Defensive Runs Saved from his throwing arm for plays like throwing out Russell Martin trying to stretch a single into a double, which helped preserve a one-run lead in the ninth inning.
Bernadina has done the game-saving thing before, which might be why the Nationals keep using him, despite paltry offensive numbers. He hasn't made any plays quite like last Aug. 7, the one that won a game against the Astros but we wouldn't be surprised if there are a few more like that in his future.
Nolan Arenado, Rockies 3B
Christina Kahrl wrote about Arenado's start to his major-league career two weeks ago and defense has been integral to that throughout the month.
He led the majors in Web Gems with four in May, and finished with five Defensive Runs Saved.
Getty Images/Christian Petersen
Nolan Arenado has been steady at the hot corner.
It's worth noting on Arenado's value that he was a replacement at a position at which the Rockies needed a better glove. Consider this stat:
Prior to Arenado's arrival on April 28, Rockies pitchers allowed opponents to reach base 51 times on 188 groundballs that were hit in a spot to the left of a straight line placed over the second-base bag. That's a 27 percent reached-base rate.
Since Arenado became the everyday third baseman, that rate dropped to 23 percent, saving the Rockies about nine hits in the process. Whether that value converts to long-term success, we'll see. But one person we talked to is optimistic.
"He's all-out on defense," said one longtime major-league scout. "His first-step quickness and instincts compensate for his lack of speed. He has an above-average arm, footwork and hands. He's improved from being below-average a couple years ago and I think he will settle in as an above-average defender as he learns the league. He reminds me of (former Twins third baseman) Gary Gaetti, possibly better."
Dwindling Middle Class Has Repercussions For Small Towns
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly McEvers/NPR Kelly McEvers/NPR
My parents moved away from Lincoln, Ill., two decades ago, when I was in college. I hardly ever get back there. But my mom still works in Lincoln, and it was to Lincoln I headed to meet her this fall, after returning to the U.S. from the Middle East.
I got off the train from Chicago and immediately saw that the old depot building — where we used to go for fancy dinners before prom — was shuttered. A little monument commemorating the day Abraham Lincoln named the town in 1853 was faded and peeling. There was a man asleep on a bench at the train stop. He looked like he'd been there for days.
Driving around with my mom, I could not help but be struck by the question: What happened to Lincoln? I know this is a pretty common thought when people go back to their hometowns. But really, what happened?
I decided to find out for myself, to spend a week reporting in Lincoln.
It turns out that what's happening in Lincoln is happening in so many towns and communities across the country: As we recover from the Great Recession, jobs are coming back. But they are not middle-wage jobs — they are either high-wage jobs or low-wage jobs. The middle class is in serious decline. And that has all kinds of repercussions.
Fewer Jobs, More Crime
I started with Troy Brown, who went to grade school with my brother and is now a probation officer. He summed it up pretty well.
"The drug use has skyrocketed. The unemployment rate has skyrocketed. And just the general attitude — just no hope," he said. "I don't know really when it changed, but it seemed to be overnight."
Brown has seen that change up close. While the crime rate in Lincoln is steady, it's drug-related offenses that are going up. And the drug of choice these days?
Heroin.
So much heroin, Brown says, there's an overdose every week. And that's in a town of just 14,000 people. A handful of people have even died.
State authorities say in towns like Lincoln, people get addicted to prescription drugs then turn to heroin when they can no longer afford the pills. They say the supply of heroin from Mexico has increased, and that's why it's cheap and available.
Brown says, sadly, heroin is keeping him in business.
"Lincoln has really plummeted to the point where I would love for our office to have cuts because there's no more crime," he said. "But we're so swamped, it's just the exact opposite. I mean, I hate to say it, but I have total job security here."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly McEvers/NPR Kelly McEvers/NPR
Ken Greenslate is the chief of police in Lincoln. He says the town is not all bad.
He shows me the "new" part of town. It's just off Interstate 55, which connects Lincoln to Chicago, just a few hours north. Hotels, fast food restaurants, an assisted living facility and a warehouse for storing documents have all opened in recent years.
Schools asked the voters to pass a referendum imposing a sales tax for school capital programs, and the voters passed the referendum. And Lincoln recently got a grant to refurbish its downtown.
But like in so many towns across the Midwest, the population is shrinking and getting older. Factories have been closing since the '80s and '90s. One of the best government jobs in town, the state-run home for people with mental disabilities, was closed in 2002. Thousands of people lost their jobs.
Then came the Great Recession. Since then, the few factories that have managed to hang on in Lincoln have tended to hire temporary workers at lower wages with no benefits.
There is one new plant in town: a warehouse and distribution center for food products. But the jobs there are mainly stacking boxes or driving trucks. And the starting wages are $16 to $18 an hour — what economists say is barely a living wage.
A Disappearing Middle Class
This is the new reality that economists say is hitting so many communities across the U.S. Jobs are being created. But in Illinois and its neighboring states, the most jobs coming back are low-wage jobs.
In Lincoln, where unemployment is 8.4 percent — a point higher than the national average — the few middle class jobs left are in health care, teaching and prisons.
Police Chief Greenslate says that means some people turn to crime.
"When people don't have work, then they have time on their hands, and when they have time on their hands, there's more opportunity for them to find things they shouldn't be doing," he says.
Before our tour is over, Greenslate gets a call.
Police have stopped two suspects with 15 pounds of marijuana they think came from Mexico. An informant tells police that more suspects are holed up in a migrant-worker motel down the street.
Greenslate barrels his SUV up to the motel and corners the two suspects.
"Do not move," he yells, grabbing his handcuffs and stepping out of the vehicle. "Let me see your hands. Hands! Hands!"
I watch as one suspect tries to get away but then relents. The other looks like he's about to cry.
Turns out the latter was carrying a duffel bag with another five pounds of pot. The intended buyer for these drugs, police later tell me, was a 14-year-old boy — from Lincoln.
The next day I meet Joe Plummer, one of my high school classmates, at the Steak 'n Shake out by the interstate.
Joe and his wife, Josie, have three teenage girls between them. They say they worry about the drugs and the crime in Lincoln.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly McEvers/NPR Kelly McEvers/NPR
I ask them how they try to keep their kids safe.
"We teach 'em how to shoot," Josie said.
"I have 35 guns in my house. Every one of my daughters, and my wife, know how to handle a weapon as well as anybody could handle one," Joe said.
Joe takes me to the firing range where he teaches his girls to shoot rifles like an AR-15 and an AK-47 that he keeps locked in a safe at home — and a handgun he keeps in his bedside table.
Treat It Like A Revolution
Richard Longworth, a fellow at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, wrote a book about the struggling Midwest called Caught in the Middle: America's Heartland in the Age of Globalism. He says America's declining middle class means small towns are starting to have a lot more in common with crime-prone neighborhoods in big cities.
He also says towns like Lincoln need to realize this is not just about the recession. This is about a long, slow decline.
"The earth isn't going to open up and swallow them," he said. "They'll survive, but they'll be backwaters, getting ever more what you saw: shrinking in population, population older, young families not moving in, high school grads like yourself moving away to seek their fortune somewhere else."
Longworth says for communities to survive in this new reality, they'll have to reinvent themselves — try to keep the factory alive, attract people who are willing to work the lower-wage jobs.
Otherwise, what happens to towns like Lincoln will be just another episode in what he says is a major societal upheaval.
"I grew up in a middle-class America where we pretty much knew life was an escalator," he said. "You got on the bottom step, and if you behaved yourself, paid your dues, went to work, worked hard — you'd end up at the top of the escalator. And I think that escalator's broken now. It's a tougher scramble."
How to cover that upheaval, I ask?
"You've covered revolutions before," he said. "Treat it like just another damn revolution."
Sounds like a plan.
Microsoft is continuing to try to find ways to help Windows users figure out how to use Windows 8. Its latest tactic involves adding a Windows home key to the two latest Microsoft mice.
On May 23, Microsoft announced the Sculpt Comfort Mouse and Sculpt Mobile Mouse, both of which include buttons to help users to find their way quickly to the Start screen.
The Sculpt Comfort mouse has a touch-sensitive blue strip running along the side, which Microsoft calls the "Windows touch tab." The Sculpt Mobile Mouse features a similar Windows button.
The Sculpt Comfort model adds support for some additional gestures which Microsoft officials believe may help users better navigate Windows 8.
As described in a new post on the Microsoft Windows Experience blog: "If you swipe up on the blue strip, it cycles through all your open Windows Store apps in Windows 8. And if you swipe down, it will reveal all the open apps (on the left side of your screen) for you to select the one you want."
The Sculpt Comfort Mouse is due out in June for $39.95 (estimated retail price). The Sculpt Model model is going to be available this month for $29.95 (ERP).
The Sculpt Comfort mouse and the Sculpt Mobile mouse both work with Window 7, Windows 8 and Mac OS 10.4 and higher. Neither seems to work with Windows RT, based on the spec information provided by Microsoft.
While on the topic of improving Windows 8, Microsoft earlier this week made available for download a really nice Windows 8 training brochure. It's a multi-page, colorful PDF that includes lots of navigational tips and tricks. I wish this had been in my box with my Surface RT....
NBA superstar LeBron James slam dunked President Trump Saturday morning, branding the commander-in-chief a “bum” for rescinding the White House invitation to Warriors world champ Stephen Curry.
see also Trump rescinds Stephen Curry's invitation to White House NBA star Stephen Curry was dis-invited from the White House...
James tweeted: “U bum @StephenCurry30 already said he ain't going! So therefore ain't no invite. Going to White House was a great honor until you showed up!”
The NFL and its players' union on Saturday also slammed Trump for suggesting that owners fire players who kneel during the national anthem and that fans consider walking out in protest “when somebody disrespects our flag.”
“Divisive comments like these demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL, our great game and all of our players,” the league commissioner, Roger Goodell, said in a statement.
DeMaurice Smith, executive director of the NFL Players Association, tweeted: “We will never back down. We no longer can afford to stick to sports.”
With Post wires
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of Japanese tour operators is to begin cleaning the streets of Paris - because they claim the city is too dirty for their own highly disciplined nationals to visit.
Nine Tokyo-based travel agents will send their Paris reps out with bin bags to remove litter from the around the Eiffel Tower and Trocadero gardens this weekend.
Paris is one of the top destinations for Japanese tourists, with 600,000 visiting the French capital last year.
But numbers have fallen in the wake of the terrorist attacks , and the Tokyo tour operators believe making the city tidier could lure their compatriots back.
Read more:
A Paris city hall spokesman said: “They say they want to make the city cleaner for their own people, who have very high standards.
“But in recent years Paris has actually become one of the cleanest cities in the world.”
(Image: Getty)
The council launched a massive drive to clean the streets four years ago after one council chief claimed the mess on Paris's streets was to blame for the city not winning the 2012 Olympics.
The city's former environment head Yves Contassot said: “By 2001 Paris was the dog poo capital of the world.
“It was such a problem that the Japanese used it as an argument for opposing our candidacy for to host the games.”
Paris is also regularly voted the ‘rudest' city on earth for foreign visitors.
Some Japanese find the locals so hostile that they develop what has been termed Paris Syndrome, when they suffer a full psychiatric breakdown because the city does meet the romantic vision they had imagined from home.
On average, around 12 Japanese tourists a year fall victim to it, mainly women in their 30s with high expectations of what may be their first trip abroad.
The Japanese embassy has a 24-hour hotline for those suffering from severe culture shock, and can help find hospital treatment or repatriation for anyone in need.
Welcome to Shameless Grounds!
We're in South St. Louis City, located at 1901 Withnell, in beautiful and historic Benton Park! Click on the "LOCATION" link above for a map and direction to our new digs.
We're open 6 days a week except for major holidays and we offer free wifi throughout the space.
We have a large menu of breakfast options, salads, and sandwiches so you can enjoy a leisurely meal with friends or grab a quick snack. The full menu is served from 10:00am until one hour before closing.
Have we mentioned our human sexuality lending library, which is open to patrons age 18 and up? It contains a wide array of titles, ranging from biology to history, and from classical literature to raunchy pulp fiction. You can check out items and take them home for two weeks, at no charge.
Here's how it all played out that fateful morning: (via HotAir.com)
AllahPundit's remembrance of 9/11 on Twitter from 2009 is chilling to read.
I wrote this in 2013:
I can tell you where I was on that fateful day. I was unemployed at the time. I had worked for Art MoranGMC in Southfield as a Painter's helper. I had been laid off, due to the slight downturn or recession in the economy. I was out on my front porch, drinking coffee with my Father.
I went in, to get a refill of coffee for my mug, when I went through the door, my Mother told me, that someone had flown a plane into the World Trade Center building in New York. That is when I went downstairs and turned on the TV to CNN, which I always watched back then; and that is when my life and the rest of America's life changed forever.
I can honestly tell you that the only time that I honestly felt scared for my life, is when the report went out over CNN that there was a plane headed for the White House. That plane turned out to be the one that crashed in Shanksville, Pa. What I will tell you is this; I do not ever want to feel that sort of fear, ever again.
While I am not a big fan of Wilsonian foreign policy, I am for catching and/or killing those that stoke that sort of fear. I hope and pray that the trials of those connected to this horrific event are quick and that justice is carried out. The bastards that did this, do not deserve any sort of special treatment at all. May they burn in the devil's hell forever.
One of the ongoing themes of my microprocessor coverage over the past few years has been the relationship between on-chip execution bandwidth and the "memory wall." So I was intrigued to learn of new research from Sandia National Labs that indicates that the severity of the memory wall problem may be much greater than the industry generally anticipates.
In a nutshell, the "memory wall" problem is pretty straightforward, and it's by no means new to the multicore era. The problem arises when the execution bandwidth (i.e., aggregate instructions per second, either per-thread or across multiple threads and programs) available in a single socket is constrained by the amount of memory bandwidth available to that socket. As execution bandwidth increases, either because clockspeeds get faster or because the die contains more cores, memory bandwidth has to increase in order to keep up.
To put this in simple multicore terms, cramming a ton of processor cores onto a single die do you no good if you can't keep those cores fed with code and data.
But memory bandwidth isn't keeping up. Memory bus bandwidth (latency and/or throughput) hasn't increased quickly enough in proportion to Moore's Law, a fact that leaves processors starving for bytes. In this respect, the "memory wall" is a classic producer/consumer problem, and it's the reason that on-die cache sizes have ballooned in recent years. As the memory wall gets higher and higher, it takes more and more cache to get you over it. At this point, it would be fair to say that most modern server processors are really high-speed memories with some processor core stuck on the die, instead of vice versa.
The memory wall is therefore an added barrier to the success of the many-core paradigm. I say "added," because the most famous barrier is the programming model. Massively multithreaded programming isn't just a "hard problem"—rather, it's a generation's worth of Ph.D. dissertations that have yet to be written.
The work from the Sandia team, at least as it's summarized in an IEEE Spectrum article that infuriatingly omits a link to the original research, seems to indicate that 8 cores is the point where the memory wall causes a fall-off in performance on certain types of science and engineering workloads (informatics, to be specific). At the 16-core mark, the performance is the same as it is for dual-core, and it drops off rapidly after that as you approach 64 cores.
The chart included in the report is striking, and I wish I had the appropriate background to interpret it. (Again, the lack of any link, DOI, report title, deck title, or other reference information is unbelievable.) Nonetheless, despite the lack of color from the source, I'm sure the many-core skeptics in the audience—and there are quite a few—will seize on it as further validation that the maximum worthwhile core count is well below 16.
It looks like Sandia is proposing that stacking memory chips on top of the processor is the solution to this bandwidth problem. If that is indeed their proposal, then they're in good company. Both Intel and IBM have touted advances in chip-stacking techniques, and Sun has published research in the area of high-bandwidth memory interconnects that involve placing dice edge-to-edge. But, to my knowledge, these die-stacking schemes are further from down the road than the production of a mass-market processor with greater than 16 cores.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump clearly prides himself in shunning focus-group research. He refuses big campaign donations that he asserts make his opponents beholden to special interests. He seems to target no specific constituency.
Many pollsters remain puzzled by Trump's political appeal. “Republican support for Donald Trump just continues to grow,” said Patrick Murray, director of Monmouth Polling after its August survey, “with no clear sense of who his constituency really is.”
Yet a constituency is emerging. Trump's strongest supporters, roughly a quarter of Republican voters across the polls, are not dissuaded by any increased media scrutiny of their candidate. They have overlooked a series of faux pas that might have tanked other candidates.
It appears, however, to be a constituency with whom he has barely interacted: white working-class voters. Their lives are far from the flight path of Trump's private jet, as he zooms from golf course to grand hotel lobby, television sound stage to penthouse suite.
In fact, Trump, a plutocrat who regularly flaunts his extraordinary wealth, is the candidate whose message most closely aligns with sentiments of Rust Belt voters who have lost manufacturing jobs, lack a university degree or are low-wage earners.
Though historically wary of the rich, white working-class voters without a college degree support Trump far more than any other candidate. In Fox News' most recent poll, 30 percent of the respondents said they back Trump as the GOP nominee, compared to only 21 percent of respondents with a college degree. In CNN's most recent poll, Trump's favorability ratings spiked among Republicans, men, people over 50 years of age, as well as people without a university education.
What is the attraction between these strangest of bedfellows?
It is threefold.
First, white working-class voters have proven increasingly unpredictable and unfaithful to any single party. It should not be surprising that they tend to live in many of the most prominent swing states, including Indiana, Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
This may look fickle, but it is not indecisiveness. Rather the sense that neither party has done much for them over the past 40 years. The Rust Belt population has confronted post-industrial economic collapse and depopulation. It is fed up with Washington, and cynical about politicians who pledge to address its plight.
This sentiment encompasses much of today's Republican base. A mere 16 percent of Republicans feel like they are represented in Washington — even though both houses of Congress are currently controlled by the GOP.
Those who do not feel represented support Trump by a sizeable margin, 24 percent to 13 percent for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, and single digits for the rest of the Republican field, according to CNN's poll from early August.
Trump's bombastic declarations that his rivals have been corrupted by corporations and donors (like himself) validates the belief among white working-class voters that the political system is rigged by the very special interests that abruptly closed American factories, laid off American workers and invested money overseas to circumvent American wages and taxes.
Second, Trump addresses people who have felt silenced and sidelined.
Congressmen who once belonged to the working class made up only 2 percent of Congress in 2012. Between 1984 and 2009, the median net worth of a member of the House of Representatives grew from $280,000 to $725,000 in inflation-adjusted dollars.
While Trump will not counterbalance the wealth of American politicians, he validates the views of many ordinary voters as he channels conspiracy theories and whispers from the streets to the stump.
Many white working-class voters, for example, point to often erroneous stories to help make sense of their disastrous fall from grace. These narratives feature characters like the welfare queen who collects checks while driving a Cadillac — a favorite of President Ronald Reagan, who attracted many blue-collar Democrats to the GOP. They also talk about collusion between corporations and politicians because Congress bailed out major banks and car manufacturers in 2008 — but not homeowners underwater on their mortgages. Trump's off-color remarks about women and minorities, his frustration with “disgusting” people and his baseless assertions about Mexico's deliberate exportation of criminals across the U.S. southern border fit this mold.
The amplification of these ideas renders credibility to a subset of voters who have felt silenced and sidelined.
“There's a silent majority out there,” Trump said last month. “We're tired of being pushed around, kicked around, and … being led by stupid people.”
Third, Trump bluntly acknowledges an acute sense of loss that has been uniquely felt by the white working class.
For white working class people understand loss. The U.S. economy has lost several million manufacturing jobs, which have been replaced by unstable, often contingent work. They lament America's transition from overt to covert world power. They also sense their own loss of social status in the country they once defined. They feel outnumbered and discomforted by the ascendance of minorities, and disfavored by the elite echelons of American society.
Trump, who talks about losses to China, Mexico and Japan, like a tour by the U.S. soccer team, communicates his awareness of this lost status in simple, blunt terms. Shamelessly showboating his own successes, Trump promises to spread his winnings to a town near you.
This unexpected alignment has given Trump a commanding lead, thanks largely to dedicated support from an objectively small, but relatively large plurality of voters. Because he emphasizes the fact that he is an outsider, Republican voters have overlooked his lack of governing credentials, some wishy-washy statements on social policy and his status as a self-aggrandizing plutocrat.
The strength of Trump's connection with this constituency of frustrated, silenced people is not likely to recede, given the inability of his Republican opponents to access the financial and political independence Trump wields.
At the same time, he appears unlikely to win if he can't expand his constituency beyond the white working class, who no longer represent the nation's mainstream electoral majority.
Södertörn district court said it could not prove that the three members of the Swedish Resistance Movement (SMR) had carried out a knife attack in the Stockholm suburb Hökarängen, despite witness testimony from a man they knew.
But the court did find two of the same suspects guilty of racial agitation and rioting at an anti-racism demonstration in another suburb, Kärrtorp, a week later.
The pair were each sentenced to seven months in prison.
News of the demo last December shocked Swedes, as neo-Nazis attacked a crowd that included families with small children.
Four other SMR members were jailed earlier this year for their part in the clashes, which left several people injured.
In the Hökarängen stabbing, the three suspects were charged with attempted murder and assault.
Two people were injured in the attack. One of them was struck by his assailants. The other victim, a visitor from Nigeria, received serious stab wounds.
The prosecutor said his attackers targeted the man because of his skin colour.
When questioned, one of the suspects, an 18-year-old SMR member, said he had used force “in self-defence” but denied taking part in a knife attack.
“You know, that really would be a very strict breach of our rules, to use violence unprovoked,” he told the court.
He said SMR was “absolutely not” a racist group. He agreed they were national socialists but said, “there's a big damn difference”.
The two other suspects denied involvement in the attack.
The Nigerian victim said he was stopped by the men while out walking in Hökarängen.
“So I took out my earphones to listen to them and hear what they had to say. Then I was stabbed here, so deeply, in my stomach,” he told SVT's Uppdrag Granskning, an investigative news programme.
The court said the only evidence tying the suspects to the attack was the testimony of an acquaintance, a man who was also previously a suspect in the case.
Testimony of this kind “has to be treated with special care, and it alone is not sufficient for a guilty verdict,” said Judge Sara Rosén in a statement.
The court said it also took into account the fact that the witness only stepped forward after seeing pictures of himself on the television show, and his testimony could be viewed as an attempt to protect himself.
The court sought to contact him again but was unable to find him.
The three men were also cleared of involvement in an attack on another man on the same night in December 2013.
Surveillance footage showed the suspects following a man and beating him on the platform at the Hökarängen metro station.
The events shown in the video were partially obscure, however, and the men were able to argue they had acted in self-defence after the camera caught the alleged victim striking one of them on the head with a bottle.
Vijay Mallya's flight to England has opened up a veritable can of worms. Every day there are little-known strands coming to light about his business and personal life, from the giant loan defaults to the marquee properties. What is not being discussed as much is his political life and the conflict of interest.
The chairman of the now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines has been a member of the Rajya Sabha since 2002 and is a member of the consultative committee for the ministry of civil aviation and the standing committee on commerce. The committee oversees India's aviation ministry. Its responsibilities include vetting bills drafted by the ministry, and evaluating its demands for grants.
A seat on the panel gives Mallya “access to information, and an unfair advantage to influence policy”, said former rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, calling this “a serious conflict of interest”.
There have, of course, been numerous such instances of conflict of interest in recent years.
Kupendra Reddy, a real estate baron from Karnataka, serves on the select committee on the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2013. Shyama Charan Gupta—who is a member of parliament (MP) from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and beedi baron—was in the news last year when, as a member of a parliamentary committee on subordinate legislation, he said that tobacco use doesn't cause cancer. The committee on public undertakings found itself in a controversy in 2009 following complaints that three of its members—T Subbarami Reddy and Lagadapati Rajagopal of the Congress and Nama Nageswara Rao from the Telugu Desam Party—were using their position to further their business interests.
All of them are good examples of the industrialist-politician, but in the public eye at least, it was Mallya who typified the class.
The preferred route
Thangam Thenarasu, a former education minister in Tamil Nadu, says there has been a shift in how businessmen approach politics. Before liberalisation, he says, India had ministers who were close to industrialists—but thereafter industrialists began “entering politics, mostly through the Rajya Sabha.”
A former Congress MP from Karnataka agrees that the parliament holds a special lure for industrialists. “You can direct policy,” he said. “When a law is drafted, it is the standing committee which vets it. The government system is under its thumb. It can call any bureaucrat. Even as an MP, you have access to the bureaucracy.”
The Rajya Sabha route is preferred by industrialists for several reasons: for one, it avoids the hustle-bustle of electoral politics. It is indeed rare to find businessmen-politicians like Naveen Jindal who contested elections and entered parliament through the Lok Sabha. Most members of the Rajya Sabha are indirectly elected by state legislatures, while the president appoints a few. Every state nominates a fixed number and the legislators in the assemblies usually vote as per party lines.
This system, say current and former MPs, has the tendency to be distorted in states with more than two strong parties.
According to the former Congress MP, the legislative arithmetic in these states creates a market for buying and selling Rajya Sabha seats. A third big party that has some seats but not enough to nominate its own members to the Rajya Sabha can capitalise on its numbers. This is likely, he says, if the small party has been out of power for long—and is cash-strapped.
Ramesh concurred. “This will happen if you have a fractured result—a three-way split. In Rajasthan, you always have a single party dominating the polls. But in Karnataka, in the last 15-30 years, some of the seats have always seen bidding. Jharkhand is another example. In Andhra, the lines between politics and business have blurred so much that it is hard to tell.”
In such a landscape, says the former Congress MP, the Rajya Sabha route to becoming an MP is better than the Lok Sabha one. It is cheaper—numbers mentioned to us hovered around Rs50 crore-Rs60 crore to win support from parties—and less uncertain.
Coming clean
Even as the number of businesspeople entering the Rajya Sabha rises, India's rulers are not doing much to stem the conflicts of interest.
According to Kishore Chandra Deo, former minister of tribal affairs in the United Progressive Alliance-II government, MPs (or their parties) have to inform the speaker about their interests and the parliamentarians are allotted to the standing committees accordingly.
In 2009, a parliamentary committee headed by Deo had noted an “increasing feeling among people that members misuse their position for bettering their interests” and recommended that all MPs declare their interests before being appointed to parliamentary committees. “That would help ensure they are not appointed to committees where they might have a conflict of interest, or to ensure they recuse themselves from meetings where matters pertaining to their industries are being discussed,” Deo said.
The parliamentary committee's suggestion was never implemented.
Composition of legislature
All these are worrying developments. The Rajya Sabha is supposed to represent the states, not to mention bring in those who have provided yeoman service to the country into the legislative process. If the composition of the Upper House, and its parliamentary committees, morphs to disproportionately favour the mercantile, the nature of its legislative interventions could change. If not because of deliberately courted conflicts of interest, then due to the members' ignorance about the desperately poor lives of most Indians.
Unfortunately, this isn't a problem that's troubling political parties.
Take Mallya, for instance. He has been in the Rajya Sabha for two terms. Both times, he was supported by former prime minister HD Deve Gowda's Janata Dal (Secular), or JD(S). And earlier in the month, as the controversy around him became louder, Deve Gowda came out to defend him.
Interestingly, in the last 12 years, all four MPs nominated by the JD(S) for the Rajya Sabha seats have been businessmen—Mallya, MAM Ramaswamy, Rajeev Chandrashekhar and D Kupendra Reddy.
Senior JD(S) leader MS Narayana Rao said the party supported these businesspeople because they had joined and supported it. “If someone says we are selling [Rajya Sabha] seats for a price, that is not correct… They helped the party. If MPs or MLAs (members of legislative assembly) contribute to the party, that is not trading.” He conceded that the JD(S) was going through a financial crunch.
Why does the party only nominate businessmen? “That is because we do not have enough seats. If there are more seats, then we will support different interests as well. But we have limited seats.” In the current assembly, the JD(S) has 40 MLAs, while the Congress has 124 and the BJP has 44. Smaller parties and Independents add up to about 18.
Kupendra Reddy denied paying money to the JD(S). In an email response, Rajeev Chandrashekhar wrote “some business interests do make it to Parliament to both the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha ‎on the back of money power” but added that his second term “was as an unopposed independent!” A questionnaire to Mallya remained unanswered.
This post first appeared on Scroll.in. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
Two North Korean agents have been arrested after sneaking into South Korea disguised as refugees to assassinate an octogenarian former secretary of the North Korean Workers' Party Central Committee who defected to the South in 1997. The agents, from the Reconnaissance Bureau of the North's People's Armed Forces, had orders to kill Hwang Jang-yop (87), prosecutors said Tuesday.
The National Intelligence Service and the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office on Tuesday arrested Maj. Kim Myong-ho (36) and Maj. Tong Myong-kwan (36) on a warrant from the Seoul Central District Court.
According to prosecutors, Kim and Tong arrived in Yanji in Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in the Chinese province of Jilin after crossing the North Korea-China border in November last year. They met up with other North Korean agents and received mobile phones and operational funds at a liaison office of the Reconnaissance Bureau there.
Afterwards, they pretended to defect and traveled all the way to Thailand with the help of local brokers. They were arrested by Thai police and handed over to the South Korean embassy. Deported from Thailand, they arrived in South Korea in January and February and were questioned by the NIS.
But their stories did not check out since both gave false names and places of birth. Under interrogation, they confessed to being spies.
Prosecutors said the two admitted to having orders from Kim Yong-chol, the bureau director, to file a report about Hwang Jang-yop's activities including the location of his home, and to cut off his head.
They were ordered to escape to the North Korean embassy in a third country and await further instructions if they failed to accomplish their mission.
The Reconnaissance Bureau was launched last year, when several agencies dealing with operations against t he South were merged.
Kim and Tong were chosen as special agents in 2004 and received intensive training to infiltrate South Korea and assassinate VIPs, prosecutors said.
The two refused to say what else they had planned, but the NIS is investigating if there are any other North Korean spies already active in the South they were to contact here.
Occupy UC Davis protesters adopt resolution calling for break with Democratic Party
By David Brown
1 December 2011
On Tuesday evening, the general assembly of Occupy UC Davis passed a resolution denouncing the attack on UC Davis students and calling for a break with the Democratic Party and construction of an independent social and political movement of the entire working class.
The resolution, the first of its kind adopted at an Occupy protest, lays out a clear political perspective to counter the growing attacks on protests against inequality in the United States. It comes a week and a half after the brutal pepper spraying of unarmed students protesting against rising tuition and inequality.
The attack on UC Davis students is part of a nationwide crackdown on Occupy demonstrators, organized by both Democrats and Republicans and overseen by the Obama administration. On Wednesday morning, police in Los Angeles and Philadelphia, both controlled by Democratic Party mayors, cleared out encampments. (See “Police attack Occupy camps in Los Angeles and Philadelphia, arresting 350”)
The resolution at UC Davis was adopted by about 70 students participating in the general assembly. It was presented by Eric Lee, a supporter of the International Students for Social Equality and member of a newly-formed committee established to mobilize broader support in the working class.
In addition to calling for a break with the Democratic Party and a turn to the working class, the resolution stresses the international character of the attack on workers and youth and condemns the hypocritical posturing of American imperialism as a defender of democratic rights.
The resolution reads in full:
We, the students of UC Davis, condemn the brutal police assault and pepper spraying of fellow students, who were peacefully protesting on November 18.
This attack is part of a nationwide—in fact global—crackdown on demonstrations against social inequality and the domination of politics by the rich. While the American government invokes “democratic rights” to justify wars abroad, it responds to social protests at home with riot police, tear gas and rubber bullets.
While Chancellor Linda Katehi is directly responsible for the police raid, she was enforcing a nationwide campaign orchestrated by the entire political establishment. Throughout the country, Democratic and Republican politicians—including the Brown and Obama administrations—are dismantling public education, cutting social services, and undermining all our basic social and democratic rights. Some of the most brutal attacks on Occupy demonstrations have been carried out by Democratic Party mayors.
The way forward is clear: No support should be given to either of the two parties! The dictates of the banks and corporations can be countered only through the independent social and political struggle of the entire working class.
We call upon students and working people all over the world to support our struggle against budget cuts. Our fight is your fight! Right now, students and workers in Greece, England and Egypt are engaged in a common struggle.
The global protests that began in 2011 must be expanded to a mass movement of students and workers to defend our rights and finally put an end to the domination by the corporations and super-rich over political and economic life.
At the assembly, the only objection raised was a concern that addressing the wider problems would lead to a lack of focus on the local and immediate role that Chancellor Katehi played in the police assault on students November 18. The general assembly overall felt that the line ascribing direct responsibility to Katehi sufficiently addressed that concern.
“This is an important resolution—I'm glad it passed,” Lee said. “There are many political questions that have to be tackled if the protests against inequality are to be driven forward. There are definite efforts by the trade unions and other political forces to channel mass anger behind the Democratic Party in one form or another. There is a real danger that opposition will be co-opted or will disintegrate into shallow protest politics. This is only the beginning of an effort to fight for a fundamentally different political perspective.”
The United Auto Workers (UAW), which has unionized graduate students at UC Davis and other campuses, has been involved in conference calls with organizers at UC Davis and helped coordinate a protest of the UC Regents meeting on Monday. The protest was turned into a question and answer session with the “student regent” and successfully diffused. The Regents unanimously passed a budget that will lead to sharp tuition hikes.
In the wake of demonstrations on Monday, the Occupy Davis general assembly has focused much of its attention on the occupation of Dutton Hall, an administrative building on campus. The assembly approved a set of three limited demands, including the immediate resignation of Chancellor Katehi, the reform of the campus police, and a halt to fee increases.
These demands have also been supported by UAW Local 2865. The leadership of the local has recently passed into the hands of a “progressive” faction—the Academic Workers for a Democratic Union—but this has not altered its orientation to the Democratic Party. Their reformist coalition, called “Refund California,” asks the Regents and Chancellor Katehi to sign a pledge to support higher education by backing several Democratic Party measures.
In earlier discussions of the general assembly, supporters of the ISSE raised the objection that without political clarification, an occupation of the hall could easily become channeled into a protest directed at the UC administration and the Democratic Party.
The author also recommends:
Unite the working class to defend public education and democratic rights!
Statement of the International Students for Social Equality
[28 November 2011]
As previously reported, Google has acquired social media marketing platform company Wildfire.
Business Insider has brought it to the public's attention that Wildfire just happens to employ Arielle Zuckerberg (pictured), sister of Facebook Founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg. That's pretty interesting, considering that Google and Facebook are direct competitors in a variety of ways.
Arielle has not been shy about criticizing things about Facebook in the past. Here's a blog post from September in which she pointed out some Facebook changes that she liked and some that she did not. No big deal. Just kind of funny.
Arielle is a product manager at Wildfire. She joined last year. She's been pretty active on Facebook, but doesn't appear to have a Google+ account. That is far greater a criticism of Google's social product, I would think, than anything she's had to say about Facebook. It will be interesting to see if that changes.
The company says Wildfire will continue to operate as usual, and there will be no changes to its service or customer support.
Image: Arielle Zuckerberg (Facebook)
A China Spring area man who decided to stake out his shop after a break-in caught a burglar in the act early Wednesday.
The shop owner fired a shot in the direction of the stolen pickup truck the would-be burglar was driving as the suspect fled and then the owner's son got in his vehicle and tried to chase down the suspect.
The truck ended up crashing into a tree and the suspect ran, sending McLennan County deputies on an early-morning search.
The incident happened just after 3 a.m. Wednesday on Utah Street, in China Spring, where a man was guarding a building that was broken into earlier in the week, McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said.
The burglar returned early Wednesday and tried to break in again, but the owner confronted him, and when the burglar got into a pickup truck and fled.
The armed owner fired a shot as the burglar left the property and then the man's son got in his vehicle and gave chase.
Initial reports incorrectly indicated that shots were fired during the chse.
Eventually the suspect lost control of the pickup, which crashed into a tree off China Spring Highway on Markum Ranch Road, McNamara said.
The suspect bailed out of his pickup and ran.
McNamara said several deputies, a helicopter and other units searched for the suspect for a couple of hours but couldn't find him.
“If we'd have had FLIR on that helicopter we'd probably have found him,” McNamara said.
FLIR, or Forward Looking Infrared Radar, was developed by the U.S. Army to aid pilots and gunners in seeing targets even on the darkest nights.
McLennan County has been awarded a FLIR unit to equip its helicopter, but the radar won't be installed until early April, McNamara said.
The suspect still is on the loose, but deputies have recovered the truck and impounded it, hoping to find more clues.
McNamara said deputies verified that the pickup truck was stolen from a Marina in Waco a few days ago.
Investigators say they're confident the Wednesday morning incident is tied to the earlier burglary because they recovered some tools that were stolen in the first break-in from the truck Wednesday morning.
McNamara later said he commends the owner for protecting his property.
(Ke'Sha Lopez contributed to this story)
A reader of Scott Lynch's fantasy novels upbraided him for daring to have a black, middle-aged woman running a pirate crew, calling it a "politically correct cliche" and went on to say "Real sea pirates could not be controlled by women, they were vicous rapits and murderers and I am sorry to say it was a man's world (sic)." Lynch's response was appropriately scathing, and rather wonderful.
You know what? Yeah, Zamira Drakasha, middle-aged pirate mother of two, is a wish-fulfillment fantasy. I realized this as she was evolving on the page, and you know what? I fucking embrace it.
Why shouldn't middle-aged mothers get a wish-fulfillment character, you sad little bigot? Everyone else does. H.L. Mencken once wrote that “Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.” I can't think of anyone to whom that applies more than my own mom, and the mothers on my friends list, with the incredible demands on time and spirit they face in their efforts to raise their kids, preserve their families, and save their own identity/sanity into the bargain.
Shit yes, Zamira Drakasha, leaping across the gap between burning ships with twin sabers in hand to kick in some fucking heads and sail off into the sunset with her toddlers in her arms and a hold full of plundered goods, is a wish-fulfillment fantasy from hell. I offer her up on a silver platter with a fucking bow on top; I hope she amuses and delights. In my fictional world, opportunities for butt-kicking do not cease merely because one isn't a beautiful teenager or a muscle-wrapped font of testosterone. In my fictional universe, the main characters are a fat ugly guy and a skinny forgettable guy, with a supporting cast that includes “SBF, 41, nonsmoker, 2 children, buccaneer of no fixed abode, seeks unescorted merchant for light boarding, heavy plunder.”
You don't like it? Don't buy my books. Get your own fictional universe. Your cabbage-water vision of worldbuilding bores me to tears.
Team Apex Modding has released a new version of their popular FIA GT3 mod for rFactor 2.
Team Apex Modding has released a new version of their popular FIA GT3 mod for rFactor 2.
The new version of the mod introduces a brand-new car to the growing field of GT3 machinery as the Mclaren MP4-12C GT3 has been added to the mod's grid.
Furthermore, the new version introduces plenty of physics improvements, bugfixes and more than listed below:
Changelog
cpm patch on every tyre ,slick and rain on every car
tyres temp and wear are now better ,but you need to stay clean on road and have a good setup..
mp412c gt3 added to the mod
3d,2d,and sounds = yoss
Turbo engine physics and rounds thing : Michael Borda ISI
Reworked thing
– as requested ,new filter system for select only the car of the mod , more easy :
one general filter named AMGT3
and one specific filter if you want choose one one car of the mod for challenge cup :
AMGT3_BMWZ4_GT3
AMGT3_799R_GT3
AMGT3_854GT3
AMGT3_Camaro
AMGT3_MP412C
AMGT3_SLSAMG
AMGT3_Z06RGT3
– updated z4 physics for correct the aleatory game ctd with this car
– new gear box on the 854
– less oversteer on the 799
– every car receveid new from scratch chassis flex file made with the ISI tool
– every car have a new damage file , based on camaro gt3 isi file
– updated cockpit rendering ,external and internal window with the new tone mapper isi
Debug
– zbuffler problem on the sls and z4 on nordcheiffe and silverstone resolved (thanks tosch for the help)
– continious work on stop problem some cars suffer because ISI put invisble Easter egg everywhere (i m joking) thanks Freddy3792 and Gijs van Elderen for the help
– banner problem on the 799 resolved
Let to do
– a lot of things and we correct in the next update the remaining bug you find ,as usuual.yes we know IA are not good but it s a online mod on a multiplayer game .
it s the 0.92 version of the mod , we are far away the end …rf2 game evolve time to time ….and it's FREE modding …
[boxdownload] Download FIA GT3 for rFactor 2 0.92 Here [/boxdownload]
A modern microprocessor is a tremendously complicated entity, and it has taken decades of work by thousands of people to get it where it is today. It's nearly impossible to cover all the bases, but I'm going to try anyway. And get a bucket of popcorn ready—because this is going to be long.
Any modern system works on the basis of good abstractions, i.e. simpler modules on top of which more complex things are built. In my opinion, the modern processor can be broken down into the following very broad layers:
Devices (transistors) Circuits Logic gates Simple logic blocks Processor Software
To begin with, let us start from a "middle ground," one which is neither too complicated to understand nor too far from an actual processor: the logic gate. A logic gate will take some number of inputs, all of which are 0 or 1, and will output one bit which is again 0 or 1 according to some rule. For example, an AND gate will output 1 only if all its inputs are 1.
Advertisement
You might now start questioning me "But what do you mean by 0 and 1? What does that mean in terms of electricity?". The answer is fantastically complicated. It can mean a level of voltage (0 is 0V, 1 is 1V), an electrical pulse (0 is no pulse, 1 is a pulse of 1V for 1 nanosecond, a billionth of a second), a photon (0 is no photon, 1 is 1000 photons), and so on, all depending on how the circuit was designed. This is the power of abstraction. You don't need to know what the 0 and 1 meant in order to design things higher up (but you will make bad decisions higher up if you don't know this, so the abstraction is obviously not perfect).
Now,do these very simple things actually let us do stuff? Let's pretend that you're about to start your own processor company, and you want to make a simple block that adds two numbers using these gates alone.
Advertisement
"But hold on," you say, "What is a number in terms of 0 and 1? I only know numbers like 57 and 42, which are made of digits from 0-9, not only 0 and 1". True, but see, 57 is only a representation of the number underneath, which is really 5*10+7. You can also represent 57 as 1*2^5+1*2^4+1*2^3+0*2^2+0*2^1+1*2^0. Voila! There you have it; 57 is the same as 111001 in this new system. You can convince yourself that any number can be represented in this form.
Now, let's move on to the adder.. First of all, we'll need to build a "half adder," or one that takes in two bits and adds them, ultimately outputting two bits. So, if the two bits are both 0, it will output 00, if only one of them is 1, it will output 01, and if both are 1 it will output 10. Let us think one bit at a time and take the first bit first. After some time, we figure out "Oh! That bit is 1 only if both of the input bits are 1. So that we can get by an AND gate. Awesome!" Now we have half of our work done. Only one bit remaining.
Now we sit down to think again. Hmm, this other bit seems tougher. It is almost like an OR gate, but does not output 1 if both of the inputs are 1. Ok, let us not think about this more and just decide to call it a new type of gate, an Exclusive OR gate.
Advertisement
"Don't worry," I say, "we will hire some super awesome circuits engineers who can design such a gate in their sleep." Now we draw an image of our amazing new circuit: a half adder.
Advertisement
But now you say, "We can add only 1 bit numbers. Our rival company can add numbers over 1 billion. How do we do that?" The answer is—surprise surprise—abstractions. You see, our current design can only add two one bit numbers, and the output is a sum and a "carry", which now needs to be added to the next higher bit. This needs the addition of three bits, which our little guy can't do.
So after another full day of wracking our heads over this, we figure out this will be a good circuit to do this and call it a "full" adder.
Advertisement
Now we have all the adding power of the world in our hands. You see, now we can just chain 32 of these little guys together like the following and we have in our hands a monster that can add numbers more than 1 billion, in the blink of an eye.
And here is the wonderful news: You can just go on making better and better gates, and your circuit will become better and better. That's the power of abstraction.
Advertisement
Of course, as it turns out, our way of adding things is not really that great. You can do better—much better, in fact. But because of our friend abstraction, that can be done independent of the gates. If your newer circuit is two times better than the old one, and you have two times faster gates, you have a four times better circuit!
That's one of the major contributors to how we got thousands of times better in a few decades. We built smaller, faster, less power consuming gates. And we figured out better and better ways of doing the same calculation. And after joining them together, it worked like magic!
We now slog for a year in our garage and build circuits that can multiply, add, subtract, divide, compare, and do all kinds of arithmetic, all within 1 nanosecond. We even make a tiny circuit which can "store" a value, (i.e. its output will depend on what value was written to it earlier). Let's call it a flip-flop.
Advertisement
But, you see, one thing all our circuits have in common is that they just take in inputs and do the same operation over them to give the output. What if I wanted to multiply something, or another time, to add?
In this case, we need to not consider bits as just numbers. Let us try to represent the "actions" themselves in bits. Let us say 0 means "add", 1 means "multiply". Now, let us build a tiny circuit that sees a bit as a "command", and selects between two inputs, I0 and I1, and outputs I0 if the command is 0, and I1 if it is 1. This is a multiplexer.
Advertisement
"Wow," you say, "Now we just need a multiplexer to choose between the outputs of an adder and a multiplier, and we have got our solution! In fact, we can have lots of these multiplexers to choose between so many outputs—then we've got ourselves a truly amazing machine.
But wait—we have another idea. Remember those funny little flip-flops we built earlier? Well, what if we plug in a 1024-1 multiplexer at the output of 1024 flip-flops? Now we have what is called a 1 Kilobit memory. We can give it an "address," and it will give us a bit back, which was the bit stored at that numbered location. What's more, these bits can now be either "numbers" (data) or "commands" (instruction).
Here's the really amazing thing: We have everything that we need to build a processor:
First of all, we have a memory array MEM holding all the "commands" (instructions) and "numbers" (data).
Second, we have a number called the "program counter," one which we use to select which instruction to execute from MEM. It normally just increases by 1 in each step.
Third, we have an arithmetic block with multiplexers.
Fourth, we generate both the inputs to our arithmetic block from MEM.
Finally, there are two types of instructions: data instructions and control instructions. Each data instruction contains four things: two addresses specifying which two numbers to pick from MEM, one command saying what operation to perform, and another location saying where to put the result back. The control instructions simply put another address back into the "program counter."
Advertisement
This thing you've just built is called a Von-Neumann machine (yeah, crazy people like him figured all of this stuff out in 1945). Nowadays, people are beginning to question if this is the best way to build things, but this is the standard way any processor nowadays is built.
Well, when I said earlier that this is how all processors are built, I meant "theoretically," and by "theoretically," I mean "let us consider a cow is a sphere" theoretically. You see, your competitor's CPU can run circles around your basic Von-Neumann CPU. You only have 1000 Kilobits of memory, your competitor can handle as many as billions (Gb) or trillions (Tb) of bits of memory. But now you say, no way in hell those guys can create a billion to one multiplexer and have its data within 1 nanosecond. True. Their secret sauce is something called locality.
Advertisement
What this means is that your program normally only uses a few locations of data and instruction memory at a time. So what you do is have a large memory consisting of GB's of data, then you bring in a small part of it—the part that is being used currently, to a much smaller array (maybe 1 MB) called the cache. Of course, now you can have an even smaller cache below this cache, and so on, till you can get to something that you can read or write to in about the same amount of time you can do an arithmetic calculation.
Another powerful idea that you can do is called out-of-order processing. The concept behind this can be illustrated by the following program which computes X = (A+B)*(C+D).
Add A and B and store it in U Add C and D and store it in V Multiply U and V and store it in X
In the normal way, you will just do it sequentially, going one instruction after another and finishing execution in 3 steps. But, if you have two adders in your system, you can run instructions 1 and 2 in parallel, and then be done in 2 steps. So you execute as much as possible every step and finish your execution faster.
Advertisement
Now, think back to the time when all you knew was a simple AND gate. This thing you built seems so alien from that. But it really is just layers upon layers of blocks, and reusing a simple block to build a more complex block. That's the key idea here: A CPU is built only by patching together parts, which is built by patching together smaller parts. At the end though, if you just stare at the thing, it looks like this:
Of course, these are just the basics. What you say above is the equivalent ofresponding to "How does an F1 car work?" with "It has wheels, and a steering that guides the wheels, and an engine to run the wheels". Truly, designing and building a CPU is one of the miracles of modern technology that involves a huge number of engineering disciplines (including e.g., quantum physics, metallurgy, photonics etc.). So now, let's try to get into a bit more detail.
Advertisement
Fabrication
One of the amazing feats of technology has been the ability to create and connect billions of tiny transistors, each less than 100 nm (yes that's nano, meaning one billionth of a meter) wide, into a precise pattern defined by the circuit designers and the CPU architects—and still make it impossibly cheap. It's clear that creating and connecting such a huge number of transistors one by one is practically impossible by hand or, even by any form of mechanics, really.
To overcome that, we fabricate chips using a method called photolithography, and it's the reason behind the extremely low price of processors compared to their complexity. The idea is similar to how an analog photo used to be "developed" (if anyone remembers those). First I will describe how to create a pattern of silicon oxide on silicon (this is used in gates of transistors). First a layer of silicon oxide is deposited on the silicon. Then a layer of photoresist material is applied on top of it. This material is sensitive to light, but is resistant to "etching". The inverse of the pattern to be created is also made in the form of a "mask" through which UV light is shone onto the photoresist. However, this then begs the question of how the mask was created in the first place.
Advertisement
Here is the magic of photolithography: the mask is actually much larger than the size of the pattern to be etched. The light shone through the mask is simply focused by a lens to be the right size when it falls on the silicon. Once the light changes the photoresist, it is etched away by a blast of plasma, leaving only the desired pattern on silicon oxide.
To create a layer of metal, on the other hand, a similar procedure is followed. However, now the inverse of the pattern is etched onto SiO2, and then metal is deposited on the "furrows" created by the SiO2.
Advertisement
The reason why this is so economical is because once you have the "mask", you can create very large number of chips from it. Thus, although a mask is pretty expensive (few millions of $), its cost is divided up into many chips, which makes each chip very cheap (pun not intended).
Types of Memories
As I said earlier, you can build a memory by connecting flip-flops to multiplexers. However, that is not an especially efficient way of doing things. One flip-flop consumes about 15-20 transistors. However, in practice there are two kinds of memory structures: static RAM (or SRAM in short), which uses 6 transistors per bit, and dynamic RAM (or DRAM in short), which uses only one transistor and one capacitor per bit. A static RAM is essentially two NOT gates connected in a loop like this.
Advertisement
Clearly, there are two possible states for A and B, either A = 1, B = 0, or A = 0, B = 1. The idea is to apply some external voltage to push the loop into one state or the other, which is then the "stored" bit, and then simply read the voltage at A or B to "read" the bit.
On the other hand, dynamic RAM or DRAM, is even more simplistic and looks roughly like this.
Advertisement
In this design, the transistor simply acts as a switch to store charge in the capacitor, in which case it is read as a 1, otherwise a 0. However, the charge in the capacitor leaks out of the transistor every so often. So it needs to be read and re-written at fixed intervals, and that's why it is called dynamic RAM.
The caches in a chip are generally SRAM, since they are faster. However, the main memories in a computer are generally DRAM, since they are much smaller in size, and so a larger amount of memory can fit in a single chip.
Advertisement
[Further reading: Photolithography, Static random-access memory, Dynamic random-access memory, Adder (electronics), Von Neumann architecture, CPU cache, Out-of-order execution, ARK | Intel® Core™ i7-3960X Processor Extreme Edition (15M Cache, up to 3.90 GHz)]
Image: Shutterstock/Volodymyr Krasyuk
How does a computer chip work? originally appeared on Quora. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+.
Advertisement
This answer has been lightly edited for grammar and clarity.
You might have guessed that we're big fans of the new Zelda. Since Friday, Rich has published three features about all the different things he loves about the game (as well as a terrible Sting parody, sorry). I say 'all the things', there's even more on the way.
Of course, not everyone will feel the same. Tonnes of games are held up as the best thing ever by some and hated by others, that's just taste. And there are definitely things about the new Zelda that may not be to your liking. For instance you may not like the non-linear approach to exploring, preferring instead Zelda's traditional structure where the world expands as you gain access to new areas through new gear. You may not like that equipment in the game breaks. Or that you have to cook food to restore your health. Or any other number of things. There are a lot of new systems in this game and, for some, they may not be fun.
However, the negative user reviews for Breath of the Wild on Metacritic make for painful reading. They're not really about the game at all. At times, while going through them, I didn't know whether to laugh or cry:
"It is beautiful, it is breathtaking, it is large. Beyond large. So large it is breathtaking." I'm giving Mooglemagoogle a 1/10 for repetition, see me after school.
Shaoran2, if that is your real name, the average of those numbers is not three. It's seven. Your concept of mathematics is abnormal. I don't even understand what the problem with mountains is, "forcing up downgrade massive"? It's like Google Translate took up reviewing videogames. Badly.
I'm not sharing this next review because of what's written, so much as because of the story behind the review:
I thought, 'How sweet that Skyerlst-Pidar is talking about their boyfriend Mykhail. I wonder if he gets a mention in their other reviews'. Was not disappointed:
Except, wait a second. Who the hell is Misha? And all these reviews are dated March 3rd. Did Skyerlst-Pidar break up with Mykhail and hook up with Misha on the same day? And arrange a pre-wedding party? Is any of this real?
Yep, Metacritic reviews can be a real soap opera. And like those, they're all about extremes. You'd never guess from Metacritic that there are numbers besides 0 and 10:
For Tywin, what is an "Overall, great game" actually deserves a final score of zero because "Zelda really ought to move faster, especially on his snowboard."
We're just going to skip over the part where they call Link Zelda, it could happen to anyone. But tell me, Tywin, y cant metroid crawl?
Now Skilly 225 actually makes a fair stab at a review in their post (if I were a commenter, I would say it doesn't read like a zero) but the thing that struck me is that they've written three separate reviews for the game in 14 hours... What is the deuce? The first rule of review club is, you make your mind up first.
It is quite sweet that they're so surprised to find Zelda characters in a Zelda games.
This may be my favourite review, though:
"Feels empty and unfinished like an Early Access game."
Pinball123, your taste is poor. Any player who calls The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild an early-access game should be condemned to play early-access games.
The Intercollegiate Studies Institute (ISI) is a nonprofit educational organization that promotes conservative thought on college campuses.[1][2] It lists the following six as its core beliefs: limited government, individual liberty, personal responsibility, the rule of law, free-market economics, and traditional Judeo-Christian values.[3]
ISI was founded in 1953 by Frank Chodorov with William F. Buckley Jr. as its first president.[3] The organization sponsors lectures and debates on college campuses, publishes books and journals, provides funding and editorial assistance to a network of conservative and libertarian college newspapers, and finances graduate fellowships.[4]
History [ edit ]
In 1953, Frank Chodorov founded ISI as the Intercollegiate Society of Individualists, with a young Yale University graduate William F. Buckley Jr. as president.[5][6] E. Victor Milione, ISI's next and longest-serving president, established publications, a membership network, a lecture and conference program, and a graduate fellowship program.
ISI has been teaching various forms of intellectual conservatism on college campuses ever since.[7]
Past ISI president and former Reagan administration official T. Kenneth Cribb led the institute from 1989 until 2011, when current president Christopher G. Long took over. Cribb is credited with expanding ISI's revenue from one million dollars that year to $13,636,005 in 2005.[citation needed]
Programs and activities [ edit ]
ISI runs a number of programs on college campuses, including student societies and student papers. The organization also hosts academic-style conferences for undergraduates at various locations across the U.S.
In providing what ISI calls a classically liberal education to its member students, ISI runs other programs as well. It publishes a number of "Student's Guide to..." books, for example A Student's Guide to Liberal Learning, providing a classical introduction into several disciplines.[8][third-party source needed] It also holds other events, such as conferences, that feature prominent conservative speakers and academics, and provides funding for students to attend these conferences. In this funding capacity ISI is affiliated with the Liberty Fund.
In the summer of 2005, ISI Books, the imprint of ISI, published It Takes a Family: Conservatism and the Common Good, by Pennsylvania Republican Senator Rick Santorum, which premiered at #13 on the New York Times Best Seller list. Passages from the book generated controversy during Santorum's 2006 reelection campaign, as well as during his 2012 presidential campaign.[9]
ISI administers the Collegiate Network, which provides editorial and financial outreach to conservative and libertarian student journalists.[10]
In the fall of 2006, ISI published the findings of its survey of the teaching of America's history and institutions in higher education. The Institute reported, as the title suggests, that there is a "coming crisis in citizenship."[11][12][verification needed]
ISI Books [ edit ]
Intercollegiate Studies Institute operates ISI Books, which publishes books on conservative issues and distributes a number of books from other publishers.[13] Focus is largely on the humanities and the foundations of Western culture and its challenge by radical left-wing progressivism.
See also [ edit ]
The Internet played an unprecedented role in rallying voters during this year's election. In the aftermath of the election, Web 2.0 tools are continuing to play a role in other causes, astonishing long-time advocates with the power and speed with which it gets their message out.
The latest example is a series of international protests scheduled for Saturday in opposition to California's Proposition 8, the gay marriage ban that passed on Nov. 4. Join the Impact, a Web site built the morning of Friday, Nov. 7, has rallied hundreds of thousands of people who are gathering this weekend in eight countries, 50 states and 300 cities.
“This is the potential of the Web,” said Ben Elowitz, chief executive of Wetpaint, a company that builds Web sites for individuals and companies and built one for Join the Impact. “When Web 2.0 started, people started talking about giving ordinary people a voice online. This is the pinnacle of giving people a voice online. And people are taking that voice and making it meaningful with a megaphone.”
Amy Balliett, one of the two original organizers of the movement, has organized local demonstrations and fund-raisers in the past the old-fashioned way, with fliers around town and word of mouth. She said she was astonished at the momentum and speed that Join the Impact has picked up from the Web.
She contrasted it with the Stonewall Riot of 1969, which was a turning point in the campaign for gay rights. “Had they had social media, had they had the Internet, we would have been able to accomplish a lot more already, because they would have been able to keep the message alive and keep the community going,” she said.
A week ago, Ms. Balliett, who lives in Seattle, received a call from a friend, Willow Witte, who was trying to organize a local protest against the passage of Prop 8 in Cleveland but was not getting much traction. They decided to form Join the Impact to rally people around the country, and set up a Web site Friday morning. By Sunday night, it was getting 50,000 hits an hour and the server crashed, “which was a bittersweet problem to have,” Ms. Balliett said.
She found a new Web host, Hostdango, which gave Join the Impact a bigger server for free. It crashed the next day, so Hostdango gave them an even bigger one. On Monday morning, Ms. Balliett got a call from Wetpaint, offering to build her a new site where supporters could add their own information about protest locations and times.
Wetpaint lets individuals build Web sites for free and companies build them for a fee. HBO, Dell and T-Mobile have all built sites on the network. In four days, Join the Impact has become Wetpaint's most-visited site, with over 1 million views.
“When I started this company, this is what I wanted to see,” said Mr. Elowitz of Wetpaint. “This generation of 20- and 30-somethings is so plugged in online that they're really learning to use online as a platform for organization and activism.” His work has touched on marriage in the past — he is a co-founder of Blue Nile, the online diamond retailer that specializes in engagement rings, which is now a publicly traded company.
Join the Impact is also on Twitter and Facebook, which are also helping to “drive the masses,” Ms. Balliett said.
After the Saturday protests, the week-old organization will keep harnessing the power of the Web to fight for equality, she said. Next up: they are planning a “day without gays,” when they will encourage gay people to stay home and not contribute to the economy.
LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Social media has emerged as a leading source of news among online users who increasingly access it on their smartphones, a thinktank said on Wednesday, warning that the embrace of free news was becoming a challenge for publishers of quality news.
A logo of Twitter is pictured next to the logo of Facebook in this September 23, 2014 illustration photo in Sarajevo. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
More than half of online users get their news from Facebook and other social media platforms, refusing to pay for news and using ad-blocking, which hurts publishers' revenue, the Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism (RISJ) said.
But although free news distributed through social platforms creates an opportunity to reach more readers, it also makes it more difficult for publishers to get recognized and connect with their audience, the RISJ said in its annual Digital News Report.
“These things are happening because of us,” Rasmus Kleis Nielsen, Reuters Institute director of research, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview.
“We prefer news in the digital form because it's convenient but you get what you pay for. It takes money to do professional journalism.”
Facebook is playing an increasingly significant role in the distribution of online news, with 44 percent of people using it as their source of news, followed by 19 percent of people using YouTube and 10 percent using Twitter, the report said.
Nielsen said that in developing countries, where access to independent and reliable news was limited, there were even more people who relied on social media for news.
“Many people in Asian and African countries are using mobile phones to get their online news and in those regions social media is even more important as source of news,” he said.
Thirty-six percent of people preferred news to be selected for them by algorithms compared with 30 percent who relied on editors or journalists, although some feared missing key information or challenging viewpoints, the report said.
For the first time social media has overtaken television as the main source of news for 18 to 24-year-olds, with 28 percent of them citing social media as their main source of news compared with 24 percent who said they watched news on television.
More than half of the respondents said they were using smartphones to access news, with the highest levels in Sweden (69 percent), Korea (66 percent) and Switzerland (61 percent), the study said.
In Britain and the United States the use of smartphones to access the news has for the first time overtaken computers and laptops.
The survey was carried out online in 26 countries in Europe, Asia, North America and South America.
A close friend — educated in the West but who moved back to Tehran after the revolution and who has spent the last 35 years hoping that things one day might improve to the point where he could sell some assets, recover others, make a couple of business deals and retire in the West with the proceeds — said to me on the day of the announcement of the nuclear deal with the United States and its partners: “Well, I've waited 35 years. Now I can wait a couple more if that's what it'll take to get to normal.”
Yes, normal. That's what Iranians are hoping for, and what they'll be satisfied with. If other constraints on life beyond the financial are lifted as well, as President Hassan Rouhani has promised, I suspect that retirement in the West won't really be in my friend's future.
The deal is certainly good for Iran, if the measure is its popularity among ordinary people. But it is not popular for reasons that some might suggest: that Iran bamboozled the West into a terrible compromise if not appeasement and therefore the nationalistic and prideful people are celebrating victory over the Great Satan. That certainly, however, could be what some Iranian viewers surmised just from having watched the American congressional hearings — broadcast unprecedentedly live on State TV — if they paid close attention to what the detractors of the deal were lecturing Secretary of State John Kerry and Energy Secretary Ernest J. Moniz about. But, no, the Iranian people long ago, depending on their political leanings, resigned themselves to the fact or satisfied themselves that their government, or more precisely the nezam — the Islamic system — would never agree to humiliation by, let alone surrender to, foreign powers, no matter the cost to the nation.
What Iranians were celebrating on the evening of July 14 was their version (and perhaps as significant for them) of the storming of the Bastille — a potential break with an order that included sanctions, isolation, vilification of their country, and, more importantly, their own 36 years of struggle for normalcy. From the congratulatory text messages that Iranians sent to each other, and the anxious wall-to-wall television, radio, Internet and newspaper coverage of the nuclear deal reached in Vienna, to the spontaneous street celebrations in big cities that evening, Iranians were breathing a sigh of relief that maybe, just maybe, things can get better for them economically, socially and politically.
Drinking your way through a blind date just got a lot easier.
East Village sports bar and "Girls" viewing hotspot Professor Thom's (219 Second Ave.) is introducing Tinder Tuesdays.
Every Tuesday, dates who show their bartender or server that they're a Tinder match will receive 2-for-1 drinks for the duration of their date. That's right: the longer you make small talk, the more free booze you earn.
Pete Levin, owner of Professor Thom's, thought of the idea after a year of online dating. "I found that one of the challenges is thinking of where to go and meet up," said Levin of his forays on Tinder and OKCupid.
Considering Tinder's reputation as a hook-up site, rather than the place to search for a long-term partner, Levin says a bar deal wouldn't be a tacky first date. "You never know what to expect with Tinder," he said. "It's about drinks and whatever happens, happens."
Levin has had his own rough experiences with the matchmaker app, like the time he invited a woman to his bar to watch "The Bachelor."
"She showed up with a rose she had made out of colored tissue paper and handed it to me," he said. "I felt bad for her. I was embarrassed for her. It was ridiculous. I was friends with a few people from the bachelor who would be at the bar. It was pretty awful."
Levin's advice for kicking off a Tinder date: Leave the paper flowers at home-- and start with a shot.
Eat it. Drink it. Do it. Tackle the city, with our help. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
"My bar is a good place [for a first date] because the staff is very friendly, comfortable and engaging," he says. "Dull moments and awkward silence happens a lot, but our bartenders are very good at chatting people up."
Tinder Tuesdays start at 6 p.m. and are for first dates only (because they clearly need the most liquid courage).
And though days of meeting strangers at bars without an online precursor may be over, liquid courage still holds strong.
Jawhar Sircar does not take to the journalist's barbs kindly, slams him on Facebook.
Ad
We quote the CEO verbatim:
For quite some time ever since DD (Doordarshan) and AIR (All India Radio) has improved a bit, I find furious agitation in the media because we were taken as dead and gone.
Recently, for instance, I was disappointed to see Rajdeep (Sardesai) swirling a bit too heady. Not good for heath: after all, he's my respected senior, Bhaskar Ghose's jamai. I had to tell him and other well-off media friends that the passionate defence of India's plurality is not a monopoly of some media crusaders. They have made it big and have acquired the comfort of the solvency of several crores, even if its done correctly via the non-farm-house route.
Good for them, but one cannot bracket all in DD or Prasar Bharati or IAS as inefficient cartoons. That would include Rajdeep's father in law as well.
There other poor souls like us who have led a straight but bold life in government and remain very much a part of the struggling middle class. We have no such financial security, but still fight every day against powerful forces, for our non-negotiable values. We may not succeed all the time, but we don't flaunt our so-called ideology around.
Why don't some big mouths, fat wallets and starry statuses in the media take up my job in Prasar Bharati at Rs 59,000 per month, a car and a flat ? Instead of running after multiples of crores?
Try managing 30,000 government employees with unions and sarkari work culture, along with some 20,000 other casual hands ? After all, we have thousands of installations to manage and be responsible for, not one fancy studio.
Try catering to the politics of aggression every day as well as corruption, internal opposition and sabotage?
Try handling some scurrilous rags that defame you morning and evening, instead of lecturing the world about what's wrong with it and giving quotable for banner headlines?
Try it and maybe some would acquire a much-needed virtue of humility. They may then appreciate the other's plight, for pursuing the mistaken ideals, like serving the nation for a pittance compared to media heads or corporate czars.
I refuse to be target practice for their arrows, for the sins of other crafty babus who are wrecking the country. I have said and written about, and fought against this mafia, when many of these whiz kids were in school.
These nefarious babus do so in broad daylight, irrespective of which political party is in power: they can suck up to any. And they are richer than Rajdeeps!
So, please try to earn your living in the media by exposing these rotten elements in government as stay away from the fury of the upright.
The fifth installment of Red Hot Hockey, which takes place on Saturday (Nov. 28) at 8 p.m. at Madison Square Garden, will be streamed live free of charge on Terrier TV, the Boston University Department of Athletics announced today.
The No. 11/12 Boston University men's ice hockey team will be competing with No. 16/15 Cornell for the Kelley-Harkness Cup, which was introduced at the 2013 Red Hot Hockey event.
The video stream will feature the audio from the Terrier Sports Radio Network (TSRN) and Bernie Corbett, who is now in his 31st season as the play-by-play voice of the Terriers. Corbett will be joined in the booth by special guest Jack Parker, as the legendary BU coach will make his debut as a color commentator for Terrier hockey.
The Terriers are undefeated in the four previous Red Hot Hockey games, recording three wins and a tie against the rival Big Red. In 2013, head coach David Quinn and BU held on to post a 3-2 triumph over Cornell.
Tickets to Saturday's game are still available through TicketMaster. For fans unable to make it to Madison Square Garden, the Terrier TV broadcast can be accessed through GoTerriers.com at http://www.goterriers.com/collegesportslive/?media=515376.
Photo: Doug Pensinger/Getty Images.
Tony Abbott's government has thrown its support behind a clinical trial of medical cannabis, with NSW Premier Mike Baird revealing overnight that a deal was struck at last Friday's Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting.
NSW will lead the collaborative trial, with the support of the Commonwealth and other states and territories.
The health ministers discussed the issue of medicinal cannabis at their meeting, but reinforced opposition to the recreational use of cannabis and links to mental illness.
Premier Baird announced last month that the state government had formed a working group to set up the clinical trial, due to report back by the end of 2014.
“A NSW working group is already driving this reform and we welcome the support of the Commonwealth and the states and territories for the conduct of the trial,” he said.
“NSW is playing a leadership role but our historic agreement to work collaboratively on this significant issue means we have a far greater chance of success.”
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
More than 5,000 Iranians have pledged to defend Shiite Muslim holy sites in Iraq against Sunni militants who are fighting the Iraqi government, Agence France-Presse reported Tuesday.
The online campaign was launched by the Popular Headquarters for the Defence of Shiite Shrines on the harimshia.org website. Volunteers can sign up on the website or by SMS message.
“Those who sign up are organized into units … and if the order is given by the supreme leader (Ayatollah Ali Khamenei) they will go to Iraq to defend the sites,” the harimshia.org page said, AFP reported.
The campaign follows a call by top Shiite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani for volunteers to fight against the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), which seeks to establish a caliphate in the Sunni majority regions of Iraq.
Iran is mostly Shiite and it supports the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki. President Hassan Rouhani said Saturday that Iran was ready to assist Iraq if Maliki's government asked, AFP reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Documenting Hate Tracking Hate Crimes and Bias Incidents
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — There was nothing haphazard about the violence that erupted today in this bucolic town in Virginia's heartland. At about 10 a.m. today, at one of countless such confrontations, an angry mob of white supremacists formed a battle line across from a group of counter-protesters, many of them older and gray-haired, who had gathered near a church parking lot. On command from their leader, the young men charged and pummeled their ideological foes with abandon. One woman was hurled to the pavement, and the blood from her bruised head was instantly visible.
A.C. Thompson is covering the rise in hate crimes in America as part of our Documenting Hate project. If you've witnessed or been the victim of a hate crime or bias incident — in Charlottesville or elsewhere — tell us your story.
Standing nearby, an assortment of Virginia State Police troopers and Charlottesville police wearing protective gear watched silently from behind an array of metal barricades — and did nothing.
It was a scene that played out over and over in Charlottesville as law enforcement confronted the largest public gathering of white supremacists in decades. We walked the streets beginning in the early morning hours and repeatedly witnessed instances in which authorities took a largely laissez faire approach, allowing white supremacists and counter-protesters to physically battle.
Officials in Charlottesville had publicly promised to maintain control of the “Unite the Right” rally, which is the latest in a series of chaotic and bloody racist rallies that have roiled this college town, a place deeply proud of its links to Thomas Jefferson and the origins of American Democracy.
But the white supremacists who flooded into the city's Emancipation Park — a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee sits in the center of the park — had spent months openly planning for war. The Daily Stormer, a popular neo-Nazi website, encouraged rally attendees to bring shields, pepper spray, and fascist flags and flagpoles. A prominent racist podcast told its listeners to come carrying guns. “Bring whatever you need, that you feel you need for your self defense. Do what you need to do for security of your own person,” said Mike “Enoch” Peinovich on The Right Stuff podcast.
And the white supremacists who showed up in Charlottesville did indeed come prepared for violence. Many wore helmets and carried clubs, medieval-looking round wooden shields, and rectangular plexiglass shields, similar to those used by riot police.
Clad in a black, Nazi-style helmet, Matthew Heimbach told ProPublica, “We're defending our heritage.” Heimbach, who heads the Traditionalist Workers Party, a self-declared fascist group, said he was willing to die for his cause and would do whatever it took to defend himself. He was surrounded by a brigade of white supremacists, including members of the League of the South and the National Socialist Movement.
By the time Heimbach and his contingent arrived in downtown Charlottesville shortly before 11 a.m., what had started hours earlier with some shoving and a few punches had evolved into a series of wild melees as people attacked one another with fists, feet, and the improvised weapons they'd brought with them to the park. White supremacists and anti-racists began blasting each other with thick orange streams of pepper spray.
The police did little to stop the bloodshed. Several times, a group of assault-rifle-toting militia members from New York State, wearing body armor and desert camo, played a more active role in breaking up fights.
Shortly before noon, authorities shut down the rally and the related demonstrations and marched the white supremacists out of the park and into the streets.
White supremacists and counter-protesters clash at Emancipation Park on Aug. 12. (Samuel Corum/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images)
Charlottesville Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy defended the police tactics. “I'm not in the business of throwing our police department under the bus, because they're doing the best job they can, “ said Bellamy. “I don't think the police officers were just twiddling their thumbs.”
The skirmishes culminated in what appears to have been an act of domestic terrorism, with a driver ramming his car into a crowd of anti-racist activists on a busy downtown street, killing one and injuring 19 according to the latest information from city officials. Charlottesville authorities tonight reported that a 20-year-old Ohio man had been arrested and had been charged with murder.
Two state police officers also died in a helicopter crash.
At a brief press conference this evening, Virginia officials declined to answer questions about the police response, but said they were not taken surprise by the violence or the number of protesters. “This could have been a much worse day,” said Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, “We planned for a long time for today's incidents.”
Charlottesville police Chief Al Thomas said at least 35 people had been injured — many of them from violent encounters between white supremacists and the counter-protesters. He said nobody had been wounded due to confrontations between police and the public.
In the weeks leading up to the protest, city and state officials put together a detailed plan for the rally, mobilizing 1,000 first responders, including 300 state police troopers and members of the National Guard. Judging from how events unfolded today, it appears that the strategy was to avoid direct confrontations with the protesters.
Miriam Krinsky, a former federal prosecutor who has worked on police reform efforts in Los Angeles, said it was too early to assess the law enforcement response in Charlottesville.
But she said a strategy of disengagement generally works to embolden unruly crowds.
“If things start to escalate and there's no response, it can very quickly get out of control,” she said. “Individuals can and will get hurt.”
But an overly forceful response, she said, can also make the situation worse. Krinsky said attempts to seize weapons might have led to more clashes between police and protesters. “Trying to take things away from people is unlikely to be a calming influence,” she told ProPublica.
A good strategy, she said, is to make clashes less likely by separating the two sides physically, with officers forming a barrier between them. “Create a human barrier so the flash points are reduced as quickly as possible,” she said.
Obama is the top recipient of BP PAC and individual money over the past 20 years. | REUTERS Obama biggest recipient of BP cash
While the BP oil geyser pumps millions of gallons of petroleum into the Gulf of Mexico, President Barack Obama and members of Congress may have to answer for the millions in campaign contributions they've taken from the oil and gas giant over the years.
BP and its employees have given more than $3.5 million to federal candidates over the past 20 years, with the largest chunk of their money going to Obama, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Donations come from a mix of employees and the company's political action committees — $2.89 million flowed to campaigns from BP-related PACs and about $638,000 came from individuals.
Story Continued Below
On top of that, the oil giant has spent millions each year on lobbying — including $15.9 million last year alone — as it has tried to influence energy policy.
During his time in the Senate and while running for president, Obama received a total of $77,051 from the oil giant and is the top recipient of BP PAC and individual money over the past 20 years, according to financial disclosure records.
An Obama spokesman rejected the notion that the president took big oil money.
( Also on POLITICO: Obama campaign targets Romney, Big Oil in third TV spot)
“President Obama didn't accept a dime from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists during his presidential campaign,” spokesman Ben LaBolt said. “He raised $750 million from nearly four million Americans. And since he became president, he rolled back tax breaks and giveaways for the oil and gas industry, spearheaded a G20 agreement to phase out fossil fuel subsidies, and made the largest investment in American history in clean energy incentives.”
In Congress, Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.), who last week cautioned that the incident should “not be used inappropriately” to halt Obama's push for expansion of offshore drilling, has been one of the biggest beneficiaries of BP's largesse. Her comments created some blowback, with critics complaining that she is too blasé about the impact of the disaster, even though she was among the first lawmakers to call for a federal investigation into the spill.
As the top congressional recipient in the last cycle and one of the top BP cash recipients of the past two decades, Landrieu banked almost $17,000 from the oil giant in 2008 alone and has lined her war chest with more than $28,000 in BP cash overall.
“Campaign contributions, from energy companies or from environmental groups, have absolutely no impact on Sen. Landrieu's policy agenda or her response to this unprecedented disaster in the Gulf,” said Landrieu spokesman Aaron Saunders. “The senator is proud of the broad coalition she's built since her first day in the Senate to address the energy and environmental challenges in Louisiana and in the nation. This disaster only makes the effort to promote and save Louisiana's coast all that more important.”
Several BP executives have given directly to Landrieu's campaign, including current and previous U.S. operation Presidents Lamar McKay and Robert Malone. Other donors include Margaret Hudson, BP's America vice president, and Benjamin Cannon, federal affairs director for the U.S. branch. Donations ranged from $1,000 to $2,300 during the past campaign cycle.
Environmentalists complain that Landrieu has played down the impact of oil spills.
“I mean, just the gallons are so minuscule compared to the benefits of U.S. strength and security, the benefits of job creation and energy security,” Landrieu said at a hearing last month on offshore drilling. “So while there are risks associated with everything, I think you understand that they are quite, quite minimal.”
‘We've had shootings at churches for forever. This is going to happen again. And so, we need people in terms of professional security or in terms of arming the parishioners or the congregation so that they can respond when something like this happens again.' Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton
That's what Paxton told Fox News on Sunday in the wake of the Sutherland Springs church mass shooting that left 26 dead and several others injured.
Among those murdered were a pregnant woman in her third trimester and the 14-year-old daughter of Pastor Frank Pomeroy, according to family members.
Paxton expounded on his “good guys with guns” stance.
“All I can say is in Texas at least we have the opportunity to concealed carry,” Paxton explained to Fox. “If it's a place where somebody has the ability to carry, there's always the opportunity the gunman can be taken out before he has the opportunity to kill very many people.”
As for stricter gun laws...
“You can't necessarily keep guns out of the hands of people who are going to violate the law,” Paxton said. “If someone is willing to kill someone, they're also going to be willing to violate a gun law.”
Watch the full interview:
Supporters of self-styled godman and rape accused Asaram Bapu gave a harrowing time to passengers on a Jodhpur-Delhi Jet Airways flight on Sunday and to police personnel who brought him to the national capital for a medical check-up, The Economic Times has reported.
The flight which was scheduled to take off at 11:55 am was reportedly delayed by about two hours and no announcement was made as passengers were only getting messages on their phones.
According to the report, around 1:30 pm, a group of policemen came and formed a human barricade, separating other passengers from a pathway through which Asaram was brought in on a wheelchair. He was followed by 10-15 of his devotees, who had booked tickets only to accompany him on the flight to Delhi.
As soon as Asaram Bapu came on a wheelchair with his devotees, boarding was announced.
“Immediately after he came, the boarding started. There was no queue. An air hostess screamed an announcement to board the flight,” Swati Daga, a public relations consultant was quoted as saying.
The flight took off without any of the mandatory safety instructions air hostesses are supposed to give. If that wasn't bad enough, most of the devotees didn't take their seats at the time of take-off. Those who sat down did not bother about seat belts, insisting that God was with them.
“Seat belt ki kya zaroorat jab swayam bhagwaan hamare saath hain? (What is the need of a seat belt when God Himself is travelling with us?),” one passenger said.
Passengers, however, accused Jet Airways of going out of the way to comfort Asaram at their cost. “Many of us had to stand as his supporters surrounded him and did not allow us to pass,” said another passenger.
The aircraft's air-conditioning was not working. A passenger Sahiba Gursahaney, a marketing executive was quoted as saying that “On being asked, a steward said the cooling wouldn't start until all passengers were seated, something none of us had ever heard before.”
The policemen accompanying him failed to pacify Asaram's supporters and when the situation went out of hand, the godman intervened and requested the passengers to settle down.
“A guest travelling with Jet Airways flight from Jodhpur to Delhi, was ferried to the airport terminal as per the judicial procedures stated by the concerned authorities post landing at Delhi Airport,” Jet Airways spokesperson said, adding that the flight was delayed because of technical reasons.
But the onboard ruckus was not all.
Upon landing, Asaram reportedly said that he would not get off the aircraft without his supporters by his side. The police agreed to his demand, the ET report said.
Adding to the troubles of the police, the airport staff too rushed to seek blessings of the tainted godman. However, no case was registered against Asaram by the police in Delhi.
At the India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) police had to deploy additional force on Monday to keep his supporters at bay.
First Published: Sep 20, 2016 16:12 IST
I have three children, the oldest of whom is web literate. She can work a mouse. She can open Chrome. She can type. And she can Google shit, which is terrifying because you never know when Google Image Search will decide to hand you an image of a big hairy penis, even if you're using the default MODERATE SafeSearch setting. Google isn't that smart. It can't stop all the penises from breaking through. I know it's only a matter of time before the kid stumbles upon Goatse and finds her life to be irrevocably altered. Everyone's life can be broken down into pre-Goatse and post-Goatse phases.
Obviously, you can't stop kids from growing up. Since the beginning of time, parents have tried to shield their children from the uglier side of human nature for as long as possible, only to fail much sooner than they expected to. The problem now is that the Internet is able to shatter a child's innocence instantly and severely. There's no gradual introduction into sexuality on the Internet. When I was a kid, you went from SI swimsuit issues to Playboy to scrambled Cinemax to Swank to actual video porn. That progression is over now. When you type "TITTIES" into a search engine, it doesn't ask you if you're prepared to handle what comes next. The single weirdest bit of porn I saw in my youth was when my friend Andrew opened up a Hustler and showed me a picture of "Cissy, the Texas Tunnel," a large woman with a vagina as wide as a rabbit hole. I was in my teens and it kinda fucked me up. Cissy is NOTHING compared to what's available now to a much younger group of people.
Advertisement
In going from a horny single fella to being a married parent, I've gone from adoring pornography to being deathly afraid of it. People like to joke about "2 Girls 1 Cup" and laugh off their need to surf for porn. But that kind of humor is usually a defense mechanism. A lot of this shit is deeply, truly disturbing. There's bestiality on the Internet. There's child porn. There's rape. And even if you install every possible firewall on your home computer and use only the strictest image-search filtering, it's no guarantee that your little ones will be protected, especially once they venture out into the world and check out a friend's computer (or the computer at the Berea public library). What does it do to an 8-year-old to see a woman being fucked by a horse? My guess is that nothing good comes from it.
Many parents aren't as web savvy as their children, so they lack the ability to properly teach their kids about HOW to use the Web. I don't think my public school system has any course for teaching young people about how to use Facebook, how to write on message boards, how to deal with cyberbullying, and a lot of other really important shit that most kids have to figure out on their own. It shouldn't be this way. There should be some basic tips for parents to follow, so that they can protect their kids and, more importantly, teach their kids to make the correct choices when they go online. Here now are a few starting points. Do not consider this list to be all-encompassing.
Advertisement
1. Home computers should be used in open spaces. Putting a PC in Little Johnny's room and giving him full access to it 24 hours a day without you around is really, really fucking stupid. Leaving a child alone with a computer is basically daring him to figure out what RedTube is in record time. Also, if you are a parent and don't know the basic names of large-traffic pornography sites like RedTube, learn them. I'm quite confident that this exploration process will be mildly enjoyable for you. Computers belong in main rooms, with their screens easily visible to all. Because who doesn't love having a parent look over his shoulder? If your kids scoff at this, that's fine. Fuck their whining.
2. No iPhones. A kid doesn't need an iPhone. The main reason to give kids a cell phone is so they can contact you in case of an emergency. A piece of shit free phone that comes with a basic calling plan is good enough to handle that task and allow kids to text friends. They don't need a web-enabled phone. They'll just break the fucking thing anyway. If your kids want an iPhone, they can pay for it themselves, data plan included. Also, depriving your child of an iPhone is sweet justice. I didn't get on-the-go porn when I was a kid. No way my offspring will get to enjoy it. Fuck that.
3. Children should know the difference between the public internet and the private internet. Like most politicians, kids don't know that a Twitter account is visible to the entire world. You should teach them the difference between closed internet systems like a webmail account or a Facebook profile (though a Facebook account is not exactly closed off), where using your real name on any correspondence makes sense, and the rest of the Internet, which is open and searchable. If your kid wants to hop onto a One Direction message board to tell fans of The Wanted them to eat a fat dick, he better damn well know to troll people using an alias.
Advertisement
You can get your point across and start whatever flame war you want without bringing your real name into it. Ditto using real names of other people or obvious identifiers as to where you live. Using your real name on Twitter or in a blog's comment section is fucking stupid. You don't want the first Google result of your name to be some comment you made on HuffPo when you were 8 years old. And tell your kids they should only post and send pictures of themselves if they're OK with 6 billion other assholes seeing them. Your kid needs to know that, even if he trusts the people on the other end of an email, those people may forward the email to someone they trust, and so on and so on until some random guy winds up in possession of that photo of your kid licking a bus aisle and decides to send it to The Daily What. And then your kid is the Dirty Bus Licker FOR ALL TIME. Not good.
4. Children should realize that not everything they say online will be received warmly. They should know about trolls. And they should know that anything they say online invites a rebuttal that can be both highly personal and utterly withering. When you're a kid and you're passionate about something, it seems almost inconceivable that people would think and feel differently from you. But the Internet shatters that illusion quickly. Kids need to be prepared for that. They need to be told that there's a tidal wave of assholery coming their way, and that it doesn't mean anything.
5. Know what they browse. Know which browser they use. If you have seven different browsers on your desktop, it's altogether possible your kid is using the one you aren't, and using it to search for "PUPPY FUCKING." Limit your computer to one or two browsers at the most. Check their history. Disable private browsing if at all possible (I've looked around for tips on this and it's not all that easy, probably because no parent wants to deprive himself of the option). Being present and having your kid aware that you're staying vigilant is often a good deterrent. One time, my dad discovered that I had been dialing phone sex. The second he confronted me with it, I wanted to fucking die. You can make your kids want to die, too! It's fun!
Advertisement
And, most important, TALK to your kids about what they saw or read on the Web that day. Is anyone annoying them online? What did they write about today? Did they see something they wish they shouldn't have seen? Don't be judgmental about what they did. Just be open about it. Give them the support they need, so that they don't get emotionally crushed from a troll attack.
6. Get a decent security system. Your computer has the East Poland MegaStuxnet Worm, and your moron kid is likely the reason why. Pony up for Kaspersky or some other decent security suite that alerts you when the system has been HAXXORED. And teach your kid about malware and worms and Trojan horse viruses, and teach them to look for the telltale signs that they're on a dicey website: multiple cascading pop-up windows, banner ads featuring men with giant penises, a warning from Google Chrome, etc. Kids happily ignore those "THIS WEBSITE MAY HARM YOUR COMPUTER" warnings. Smack them in the head and teach them that those warnings actually mean something.
7. Teach them about the sites they visit. Explain who owns YouTube. Explain how it works. Show them other sites that are like it. Do your best to surf the Web WITH your kids, so that they know what they're looking at and why it's been posted there. Even if the info goes over their heads, it's still important to give them as much of it as possible.
Advertisement
8. Teach your kid never to burn bridges online. Patiently explain to them that telling a person off via email or a Facebook message is always, without fail, a lousy idea. Not only is there a chance that the person they tell off will exact revenge on them by shitting all over them online, but they can also access that email your kid sent at any future point and be hurt by it all over again. Please note that telling off Peter King or LeBron James online is an acceptable exception.
9. Do not ever give them a credit card number to use online. If you do, you're a fucking idiot. You deserve to pay $5,000 for a monthly subscription to RapidLibrary.
10. Your kids should never arrange to hang out with strangers they met online. That seems obvious, but kids are breathtakingly stupid. They need to know that there are any number of Sanduskys out there online dangling kiddie bait. Do not let them get into an intense email relationship with ticklemonster56@aol.com.
Advertisement
11. I'd tell you what to do about Facebook, but I have no fucking idea. Facebook's privacy settings are such a fucking train wreck, even I barely understand them. I suppose I'd best learn, because that's the best way to protect your kids when they decide to go online. You should always try and know the Web as well as your children know it. Otherwise you'll whiff on the last rule ...
12. No Fuck Lists.
“Everyone brings their crumb of information to the table,” she said. “If they are not at the table, we don't benefit from their crumb.”
With so many subjects represented — most everything has an article on Wikipedia — the gender disparity often shows up in terms of emphasis. A topic generally restricted to teenage girls, like friendship bracelets, can seem short at four paragraphs when compared with lengthy articles on something boys might favor, like, toy soldiers or baseball cards, whose voluminous entry includes a detailed chronological history of the subject.
Even the most famous fashion designers — Manolo Blahnik or Jimmy Choo — get but a handful of paragraphs. And consider the disparity between two popular series on HBO: The entry on “Sex and the City” includes only a brief summary of every episode, sometimes two or three sentences; the one on “The Sopranos” includes lengthy, detailed articles on each episode.
Is a category with five Mexican feminist writers impressive, or embarrassing when compared with the 45 articles on characters in “The Simpsons”?
The notion that a collaborative, written project open to all is so skewed to men may be surprising. After all, there is no male-dominated executive team favoring men over women, as there can be in the corporate world; Wikipedia is not a software project, but more a writing experiment — an “exquisite corpse,” or game where each player adds to a larger work.
But because of its early contributors Wikipedia shares many characteristics with the hard-driving hacker crowd, says Joseph Reagle, a fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard. This includes an ideology that resists any efforts to impose rules or even goals like diversity, as well as a culture that may discourage women.
“It is ironic,” he said, “because I like these things — freedom, openness, egalitarian ideas — but I think to some extent they are compounding and hiding problems you might find in the real world.”
Photo
Adopting openness means being “open to very difficult, high-conflict people, even misogynists,” he said, “so you have to have a huge argument about whether there is the problem.” Mr. Reagle is also the author of “Good Faith Collaboration: The Culture of Wikipedia.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Gardner, citing an example that resonates with her personally, pointed to the Wikipedia entry for one of her favorite authors, Pat Barker, which was a mere three paragraphs when she came across it. Ms. Barker is an acclaimed writer of psychologically nuanced novels, many set during World War I. She is 67 and lives in England.
By contrast, Niko Bellic had an article about five times as long as Ms. Barker's at the time. It's a question of demographics: Mr. Bellic is a character in the video game Grand Theft Auto IV; he is 30 and a former soldier.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The public is increasingly going to Wikipedia as a research source: According to a recent Pew survey, the percentage of all American adults who use the site to look for information increased to 42 percent in May 2010, from 25 percent in February 2007. This translates to 53 percent of adults who regularly use the Internet.
Jane Margolis, co-author of a book on sexism in computer science, “Unlocking the Clubhouse,” argues that Wikipedia is experiencing the same problems of the offline world, where women are less willing to assert their opinions in public. “In almost every space, who are the authorities, the politicians, writers for op-ed pages?” said Ms. Margolis, a senior researcher at the Institute for Democracy, Education and Access at the University of California, Los Angeles.
According to the OpEd Project, an organization based in New York that monitors the gender breakdown of contributors to “public thought-leadership forums,” a participation rate of roughly 85-to-15 percent, men to women, is common — whether members of Congress, or writers on The New York Times and Washington Post Op-Ed pages.
It would seem to be an irony that Wikipedia, where the amateur contributor is celebrated, is experiencing the same problem as forums that require expertise. But Catherine Orenstein, the founder and director of the OpEd Project, said many women lacked the confidence to put forth their views. “When you are a minority voice, you begin to doubt your own competencies,” she said.
She said her group had persuaded women to express themselves by urging them to shift the focus “away from oneself — ‘do I know enough, am I bragging?' — and turn the focus outward, thinking about the value of your knowledge.”
Ms. Margolis said she was an advocate of recruiting women as a group to fields or forums where they are under-represented. That way, a solitary woman does not face the burden alone.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Gardner said that for now she was trying to use subtle persuasion and outreach through her foundation to welcome all newcomers to Wikipedia, rather than advocate for women-specific remedies like recruitment or quotas.
“Gender is a huge hot-button issue for lots of people who feel strongly about it,” she said. “I am not interested in triggering those strong feelings.”
Kat Walsh, a policy analyst and longtime Wikipedia contributor who was elected to the Wikimedia board, agreed that indirect initiatives would cause less unease in the Wikipedia community than more overt efforts.
But she acknowledged the hurdles: “The big problem is that the current Wikipedia community is what came about by letting things develop naturally — trying to influence it in another direction is no longer the easiest path, and requires conscious effort to change.”
Sometimes, conscious effort works. After seeing the short entry on Ms. Barker, Ms. Gardner added a substantial amount of background. During the same time, Niko Bellic's page has grown by only a few sentences.
While some San Francisco 49ers are upset about a tape where a New Orleans Saints' coach allegedly calls for his players to injure their opponents, one prominent 49er is defending Gregg Williams.
Cornerback Carlos Rogers played for the suspended former New Orleans' defensive coordinator, who gave a fiery speech the night before his team played the 49ers in the playoffs this year.
Rogers took to San Francisco sports radio station KNBR to defend his former coach from his days with the Washington Redskins.
The recently resigned corner said the idea of Williams running a bouny system are being taken out of context.
"It wasn't a bounty system," he said. "I'm close to Gregg, and I'm not trying to be biased. He's one of the coaches I admire and would always love to play for. But, it wasn't a bounty system."
Instead Rogers said players in Washington would encourage each other to get a legal hit on an opponent or wager on who would get an interception.
"It all started, when you'd be in the (defensive backs) room, just making wagers," he said. "Every DB put $100 in the pot. There'd probably be 10 of us in the room, that week, somebody gets an interception, they'd get that $1,000. That's basically what it was. You make a big hit, you put some money in the pot. It wasn't about all these guys putting money in the pot for you to intentionally hurt somebody."
Rogers said Williams would be involved with some of the money being thrown around but not in the form of a bounty system.
"What Gregg do, is if you be late, I think it was like $1,900 fine by the league," he said. "If you miss a meeting, I think it's $9,600 or somewhere up in that area. What he'd do, you don't have to pay that (to the league), you'd pay $2,000 or something, but he'd just keep it in the room, you'd just keep it in the pot, and the guys that do perform, ‘OK, $1,000 if you get an interception. You get an interception return for a touchdown, you get $1,500.' Stuff like that."
Rogers said the 49ers and most NFL teams talk about taking particular players out but not in the sense of illegally injuring them.
Death of Stevie Ray Vaughan A Bell 206B similar to the accident aircraft Date August 27, 1990 ; 28 years ago ( ) Location Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin Coordinates Coordinates: Cause Exsanguination due to transection of aorta, contributed to by blunt trauma Burial August 31, 1990, at Laurel Land Cemetery, Dallas, Texas Inquest October 24, 1990 in Elkhorn, Wisconsin Coroner John T. Griebel Verdict Death by misadventure
On Monday, August 27, 1990, American musician Stevie Ray Vaughan was killed in a helicopter crash near East Troy, Wisconsin at age 35. He was one of the most influential blues guitarists of the 1980s, described by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as "the second coming of the blues".
Vaughan spent much of his last days performing with his band Double Trouble as the opening act for Eric Clapton at Alpine Valley Music Theatre. After the concert concluded, he and three members of Clapton's tour entourage boarded a helicopter that crashed into the side of a nearby ski hill shortly after takeoff. The Civil Air Patrol was notified of the crash at 4:30 a.m., and authorities were called to locate the scene of the accident. All five people were pronounced dead on arrival. The autopsy concluded that Vaughan suffered multiple internal injuries and died of exsanguination due to blunt trauma. At the inquest, the coroner found no evidence of drug or alcohol use and recorded death by misadventure. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) concluded that the pilot failed to gain sufficient altitude to avoid rising terrain.
Vaughan was buried at Laurel Land Cemetery in Dallas, Texas on August 31, 1990. In 1992, his family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Omniflight Helicopters that was settled for an undisclosed amount in 1995.
Crash [ edit ]
The day before his death, Vaughan told his band and crew members about a nightmare that he had in which he was at his own funeral and saw thousands of mourners. He felt "terrified, yet almost peaceful."[1] Backstage after the show that evening, the musicians talked about playing together again, particularly with Eric Clapton for a series of dates at London's Royal Albert Hall in February and March 1991 as a tribute to Jimi Hendrix.[2] Moments later, Clapton's tour manager Peter Jackson said that the weather was getting worse and they had to leave soon.[3] Vaughan's last words to drummer Chris Layton were, "I love ya."[4][5]
Four helicopters were waiting to transport concert group members to Chicago. Vaughan was with his brother Jimmie Vaughan and Jimmie's wife Connie as they went to board their reserved Bell 206B Jet Ranger helicopter piloted by Jeff Brown.[5][6] Eric Clapton's tour manager Peter Jackson had told Vaughan that seats were reserved for all three of them,[2][7] but they discovered that their seats had been taken by Clapton's agent Bobby Brooks, bodyguard Nigel Browne, and assistant tour manager Colin Smythe.[2][5][8] Vaughan asked Jimmie and Connie if he could take the last seat saying, "I really need to get back."[2][5] They obliged and caught the next flight in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin with manager Mark Proct.[2]
They departed aboard the third helicopter in dense fog at 1 a.m.[9] Jeff Brown piloted Vaughan's helicopter off the golf course, remaining at a high speed and slightly lower altitude than the others.[6][10] It banked sharply[8] to the left[6] and crashed into the side of a 300-foot ski slope,[11] about 0.6 miles (1 km) from takeoff.[6] All on board were killed instantly.[12] There was no fire or explosion, and the bodies and debris were scattered over 200 feet (60 m).[7][10][11] Nobody was aware of the crash until the helicopter failed to arrive at its destination the next morning.
A Wisconsin Civil Air Patrol[13][14] search airplane found the wreckage at 7 a.m. 50 feet (15 m) below the summit of the hill.[6][10] Shortly after, Clapton and Jimmie Vaughan were called to the morgue to identify the bodies.[11] According to an autopsy report, Vaughan had suffered many unsurvivable injuries such as transection and dissection of the aorta and multiple depressed skull fractures, along with ruptured spleen and liver and fractures of the right thigh bone and ribs.[15] An investigation found that no drugs or alcohol were involved, and all victims had worn seatbelts. No mechanical failures or malfunctions were found with the helicopter.[6] Pilot Jeff Brown was instrument-rated and had many hours of experience operating the Bell 206B at night. According to the National Transportation Safety Board, the cause of the accident was deemed controlled flight into terrain, as Brown could not see the hill due to low visibility.[10]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Vaughan's death triggered an outpouring of grief and shock around the world. The album Family Style, the only collaboration recorded with his brother Jimmie, was released in September 1990 and became Stevie Ray Vaughan's best-selling non-Double Trouble album. On August 30, 1990, Vaughan was buried at Laurel Land Memorial Park in Dallas. Funeral services were held, with over 1,500 people attending and 3,000 more outside the chapel. His fiancée, Janna Lapidus, Jimmie and Martha Vaughan were in attendance. Among the other mourners were Stevie Wonder, Buddy Guy, Dr. John, ZZ Top, Eric Clapton, Bonnie Raitt, Jackson Browne and Nile Rodgers.[16]
Omniflight, the company that owned and operated the helicopter, was sued for negligence by Martha and Jimmie Vaughan. They claimed that Pilot Jeff Brown operated the helicopter recklessly under visual flight rules while in instrument meteorological conditions. The lawsuit ended in a settlement. [17] The widows of Clapton's bodyguard, Nigel Browne, and assistant tour manager, Colin Smythe, received more than $2 million in settlements.[18]
Memorials and tributes [ edit ]
Jimmie Vaughan later co-wrote and recorded a song in tribute to his brother and other deceased blues guitarists titled "Six Strings Down". Bonnie Raitt's 1991 album Luck of the Draw was dedicated to him. Many other artists recorded songs in remembrance of Vaughan, including Eric Johnson, Tommy Emmanuel, Buddy Guy, Steve Vai, Ezra Charles and Wayne Perkins. Stevie Wonder, whose "Superstition" Vaughan covered, honored him with "Stevie Ray Blues" on his 1995 live album Natural Wonder. Musicians such as Joe Bonamassa,[19] John Mayer,[19] Robert Randolph,[20] Kenny Wayne Shepherd,[21] Mark Tremonti,[22] Chris Duarte,[23] Colin James,[24] Los Lonely Boys,[19][25] Mike McCready, Eric Johnson,[26] Orianthi,[27] John Petrucci,[28] and Doyle Bramhall II[29] have cited Vaughan as an influence.
An annual motorcycle ride and concert in Dallas, Texas benefits the Stevie Ray Vaughan Memorial Scholarship Fund.[30] The city of Austin, Texas erected the Stevie Ray Vaughan Memorial Statue at Auditorium Shores on Lady Bird Lake, the site of a number of his concerts. It has become one of the city's most popular tourist attractions.[31] Since 1998, St. Louis, Missouri has hosted an annual Stevie Ray Vaughan Tribute Concert around Thanksgiving featuring local musicians.[32] In 2000, Vaughan was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame. He also became eligible for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008.[33] In 2008, residents voted to rename Industrial Boulevard in Dallas, with Vaughan's name being one of the finalists alongside Stanley Marcus, Eddie Bernice Johnson, and César Chávez. [34] In the end, it was renamed to Riverfront Boulevard. Stevie Ray Vaughan was eventually inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2015 by John Mayer.
Notes [ edit ]
CLOSE Kurt Russell and Chris Pratt talk about playing an estranged father and son in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' and bonding in real life. USA TODAY
Kurt Russell, 66, and Chris Pratt, 37, star as father and son in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' (Photo11: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
Correction & clarifications: An earlier version of this report misidentified the location of Pinewood Studios. It is south of Atlanta.
FAYETTEVILLE, Ga. — Chris Pratt has the most awesome space dad ever.
On this sunny afternoon at Pinewood Studios just south of Atlanta, Kurt Russell is holding court on the set of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (in theaters Thursday night), telling stories over a campfire. Not tales from Big Trouble in Little China or Escape From New York, though — Russell is in cosmic character as Ego, a living planet who's just met his long-lost son, Peter Quill, aka Star-Lord (Pratt).
Yes, you read that right: Russell plays an all-powerful living planet and that's not even the craziest aspect of the Guardians' corner of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. A talking raccoon, a sentient alien tree with a three-word vocabulary ("I am Groot") and the rest of this misfit accidental family took the world by storm with the 2014 runaway summer hitGuardians of the Galaxy. The sequel — which is on track to open with $150 million domestically — doubles down on the eye-popping new worlds, over-the-top personalities and family drama.
CLOSE Baby Groot steals the show in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' USA TODAY NETWORK
"Guardians has gone from being an untested, little-known risky Marvel side project with an unusual cast and offbeat sensibility, to a premier brand worthy of its ascension to the coveted opening summer weekend slot," says Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst for comScore.
The biggest asset at the heart of this sci-fi space opera? A crew of “damaged souls who are looking for some form of love or redemption and haven't really ever experienced either of those things,” says returning writer/director James Gunn.
Rocket Raccoon (voice of Bradley Cooper, left) and Baby Groot (voice of Vin Diesel) are friends till the end. (Photo11: Marvel)
“The reason why so many people love this movie and feel so connected to these characters is because they're utterly outcasts and oddballs and strange," Gunn says. "They're not the Avengers, they're not the pitch-perfect group of guys who have everything going on. They're losers often, and even though they have some extraordinary abilities, they're no better or worse than we are.”
The Guardians — the rogueish Star-Lord, assassin Gamora (Zoe Saldana), overly literal warrior Drax (Dave Bautista), sarcastic yet damaged Rocket (voiced by Bradley Cooper) and adorably precocious Baby Groot (voiced by Vin Diesel) — have already saved the universe, though Peter is still in search of his real father after having been raised from childhood by space outlaw Yondu (Michael Rooker).
The sequel has them on the run from the conceited aliens known as the Sovereign, and after having saved the heroes from certain doom, Ego is enjoying a meal with his son on the forest planet Berhart, though Peter is curious why Dad never came back for him when his mother died and instead hired Yondu to pick him up.
Ego (Kurt Russell, center) reconnects with his son Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) over a campfire meal while Gamora (Zoe Saldana) looks on with distrust. (Photo11: Marvel)
“I would have done so myself, but I was in the midst of an outlandish adventure battling demonic forces to save this dimension or some such nonsense. I don't even recall. It all bleeds together after a while,” Ego explains. He wonders aloud why Yondu kept Peter instead of returning him, leaving Ego searching for his boy ever since.
“Because I was a skinny kid who would squeeze into places adults couldn't and it made thieving easier,” says Quill, clad in a shirt sporting an alien candy logo.
Yet there's as much humor as serious stuff in a Guardians film, and Drax is the first to break the tension. “I thought Yondu was your father,” he says, leading everyone to look at the muscular warrior like he's nuts.
“Wait. After all this time hanging out together, you thought Yondu was my blood relative?” Quill says in exasperation, leading Drax to deadpan, “You look exactly alike.”
Yondu (Michael Rooker, center) is ousted from his role as leader of the Ravagers. (Photo11: Marvel)
Rocket chimes in “One's blue!” — though Cooper hasn't yet added the furry guy's vocals. Gunn's brother Sean (who also returns as Yondu's Ravager buddy Kraglin) does Rocket's motion-capture performance and line reading with co-stars.
James Gunn has put together a close-knit clan of friends and actual family on his Guardians films, and it's reflected in the sequel's story of "fathers, sons, stepfathers, sons who have never seen their father, fathers who have lost their son,” Russell says. “And when they finally get back together, everybody's got to get used to each other. They're not quite the way you had made them out to be in your imagination.”
Adds Gunn: “It's a father/son story that could take place if your father's a living planet in another galaxy or if your father's a Wall Street broker."
Director James Gunn (left) goes over a scene with Zoe Saldana and Chris Pratt on the Atlanta set of 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' (Photo11: Marvel)
Pratt is effusive with praise for his legendary co-star Russell. “It's a dream. I've been a huge fan of his for ages. There's nothing disappointing about working with him,” says the actor, who enjoyed Russell's frequent stories from his heroic roles in such movies as Tombstone and Tango & Cash.
So how does an icon like Russell play a planet? He leans into the machismo and quirks of those old parts. “There's a lot of baggage that's right for this in terms of the kinds of things I can bring as an actor to the table,” he says. “And some of the things we created years ago have an element of connection to this character.”
Gamora is skeptical of Ego's extreme interest in Peter, though she's also dealing with her adoptive sister and frenemy Nebula (Karen Gillan), a villain from the first film whom the Guardians have taken captive. Nebula is looking extremely irked while handcuffed as everybody else is gobbling Ego's blue space chow. (It's not very good, Russell reports. “It's prop Jell-O. We never ask questions, we just eat it.”)
Nebula (Karen Gillan) returns with a bone to pick with her sister in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' (Photo11: Chuck Zlotnick)
But everybody needs and seeks a sense of belonging, even Nebula. “She's been raised to be a killing machine and not have any empathy or emotion,” Gillan says. “However, she has these natural feelings toward her sister that she's trying to suppress but can't.”
Saldana is just glad to have more women around — not just Gillan but also new cast member Pom Klementieff, who plays the Guardians' insect-like telepathic ally Mantis. “The older I get, the more I realize that it's pretty lonely being the only female in the cast,” Saldana says. “You're going to be surrounded by a whole bunch of dudes talking about their (manhood) and bodybuilding and eating healthy.”
She loves her dudes, though, and there's a connection between the stars of that original Guardians. Saldana is proud of how Pratt lost weight and got fit for the first movie while “still remaining this super-humble and sweet and charming individual,” and she's continually wowed by Bautista's gentleness and subtlety.
Drax (Dave Bautista, left) and Gamora (Zoe Saldana) launch into a new mission to save the universe in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' (Photo11: Marvel)
“He doesn't believe that he's funny,” Saldana says. “I hope that day doesn't come where Dave goes, ‘You know what, you're (messing) up my take here.' ”
More than anyone, the success of the original Guardians has been career-making for Bautista, a former pro wrestler who parlayed Drax into a high-profile role as the villainous Mr. Hinx in the 2015 James Bond movie Spectre.
His Marvel character looks like “a powerhouse who'll rip your head off and then he says something completely ridiculous,” says Bautista, though as emotionally scarred as he is, “there's definitely a sense of innocence about him.” Drax also has a body full of tattoos, and Bautista had a sauna outside of his trailer to soak off all the makeup and prosthetics daily. “You'd think I'm like a diva with a sauna. But no.”
Drax (Dave Bautista) and Mantis (Pom Klementieff) enjoy a laugh in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' (Photo11: Marvel)
Drax meets his quirky match in Klementieff's Mantis, and the French actress is impressed that Gunn is so good at casting. “Everybody he chose has a big heart and I think it shows on screen.”
The director wears his fandom on his sleeve, with pop-culture references aplenty and scads of Easter eggs and cameos born from a lifetime of reading comic books. "Anybody can delve into comic history and pull out obscure characters,” says Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige. “Not everybody can turn them into emotionally resonant and relatable characters that audiences can fall in love with.”
Gunn says the emotion he feels for his family and friends is “a bigger inspiration than even the comic-book characters.” He dedicated the movie to his parents in the audience at Vol. 2's Hollywood premiere, and Gunn looks out for those closest to him.
Sean Gunn plays Kraglin the Ravager in 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' and also provides the motion-capture performance for Rocket Raccoon. (Photo11: Chuck Zlotnick)
The filmmaker went to bat for his close friend Rooker when it came to casting Yondu. “I don't think I was Marvel's first choice. I'm sure there are many other stars and actors that would have brought in more money,” Rooker says. “I wasn't in the room when he was convincing them, but I would bet you my right arm that he had my back in a big way.”
And Sean Gunn embraces his status as “the utility infielder of the Guardians cast” with pride. Watching his older brother's rise has been “probably more fun and gratifying for me than just about anyone. I feel like I've had a front-row seat to his success.”
Taserface (Chris Sullivan, right) and the Ravagers take Rocket and Groot prisoner in the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' sequel. (Photo11: Marvel)
James Gunn has already started writing Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 to complete his trilogy, discussing the story with Pratt and having “some pretty intense conversations” with Saldana about a significant role in the threequel. The only travels Gunn has on his docket in the near future, though, are relaxing ones to “get my head on straight after three years of waking up and going to sleep and thinking about a talking raccoon.”
In the Marvel galaxy, there's room for more than one awesome space dad.
“I love these characters,” Gunn says. “Including my father and my dog, my mother had eight kids, and I have all these Guardians. They're my kids.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2pnJz4G
When the UK voted to leave the EU, many assumed that Scotland would soon vote to leave the UK. In contrast to the rest of Britain, Scots backed Remain by 62 per cent to 38 per cent. On the day following the referendum, Nicola Sturgeon warned: "It is a significant and material change in circumstances - and it is therefore a statement of the obvious that the option of a second referendum must be on the table. And it is on the table."
But six months later, the SNP leader is striking a notably different tone. She told the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme that she was prepared to "put aside" her "preferred option of independence" if a "hard Brexit" could be avoided. "Am I going to stop arguing for independence or believing in independence? Am I going to stop believing that Scotland is on a journey to independence?
"No, but we're talking here about the particular context and timescale of Brexit - and I'm putting these proposals forward in good faith. I'm deliberately saying, 'put my preferred option to one side' and asking people if we can find a consensus and compromise option."
What's Sturgeon's game? It's unsurprising that the First Minister isn't rushing towards a second referendum. Contrary to expectations, polls have shown no rise in support for independence since the Brexit vote. A BMG/Herald survey last week put the Yes side on 45.5 per cent, almost identical to the 2014 result. As long as the polls remain static, the SNP will not stage a second vote. Party strategists believe that that they would need a 20-point lead to be confident of victory (owing to the likelihood of a Unionist swingback). Mindful of the fate of Quebec's secessionists, the nationalists will not re-run the battle under current conditions.
But if Stugeon is not ruling a referendum in, she is also not ruling one out. As the First Minister well knows, a "soft Brexit" of the kind she seeks is unlikely. Theresa May has consistently vowed to achieve control over immigration, a demand that would force the UK to leave the single market. The EU 27 have long made it clear that they regard the "four freedoms" (of goods, people, services and capital) as indivisible.
The rise of nationalists such as Marine Le Pen, Alternative für Deutschland and the Dutch Partij voor de Vrijheid (Party for Freedom) has made the EU less, rather than more, amenable to British demands. In this hazardous climate, the UK cannot be seen to enjoy a cost-free Brexit.
For Sturgeon, then, the reasonable demand for a "soft" withdrawal is a tactical ploy. Its likely rejection offers her a new chance to maximise nationalist support. If Sturgeon has taken one step back, it is only, like Lenin, in order to take two steps forward.
Rich and elderly bank customers are particularly at risk, prosecutors say, when tellers and other retail-branch employees tap into accounts to wire funds without authorization, make fake debit cards to withdraw money from A.T.M.s and sell off personal information to other criminals. Accounts with high balances and those with direct deposits of government funds, like Social Security payments, are especially coveted.
“It's a rampant problem,” said Brenda Fischer, chief of the Cybercrime and Identity Theft Bureau for the Manhattan district attorney's office. The Manhattan prosecutor's office estimates it brings at least one case against a teller per month.
Last year, a teller in White Plains was sentenced for her role in an identity theft ring that pilfered $850,000 from bank accounts. Wiretaps revealed that the defendants spoke in code about potential bank targets, referring to TD Bank as “touchdown” and JPMorgan Chase as “Yase.” A former teller at a Capital One branch in Maryland was sentenced in 2014 for gaining access to seven accounts and passing customer information to a co-conspirator who drew checks on the accounts.
Across the country last year, cases included a former Pennsylvania teller sentenced for withdrawing money from accounts; a former Manhattan teller sentenced for using information to receive tax refunds that he routed to himself; a former Connecticut teller who took cellphone photos of account information, and used that to cash fraudulent checks; and a former Virginia credit-union teller who took out loans from the union in customers' names. The money she stole ultimately led to the credit union's collapse.
Other lower-level employees who work at bank branches may have too much access to customer information, prosecutors say: In December, prosecutors in Brooklyn obtained indictments against two bankers who worked at retail locations of JPMorgan Chase in the borough, saying they withdrew roughly $400,000 from accounts through fake A.T.M. cards and in-person withdrawals.
July is a tough month for videogames. Summer vacations are in full swing, and the year's biggest games are still waiting in the wings.
Historically, it's been one of the softest months for retail game sales in the U.S., according to the NPD Group. But thanks to the absence of an NCAA Football videogame from EA, July 2014 was an especially bad one, the NPD said on Thursday.
Including games for consoles (e.g. the Xbox One and PlayStation 4), portables (the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation Vita) and PCs, retail software sales totaled $186 million last month. That's a 17 percent decline from July 2013, and a new all-time monthly low for the metric for modern systems. The NPD attributed the drop to both no football game (under legal pressure, the NCAA declined to renew its contact with EA last year) and the continued inability of next-gen software sales to offset declines in last-gen software.
It's worth noting, of course, that the NPD's numbers do not include used game sales or purchases made through digital storefronts like Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network. However, a May report, also from the NPD Group, said 74 percent of game consumers would prefer buying a physical disc over an equally priced digital game download.
The hardware winner, once again, was Sony's PlayStation 4, now in its seventh straight month of outselling Microsoft's Xbox One, even though the Xbox got a $100 price cut in June. In an emailed statement, PlayStation brand marketing SVP Guy Longworth said the PS4 also “accounted for more than half of total next generation software sales.”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Today House Republicans successfully blocked a bill from passing that would have encouraged states to hold verifiable elections by converting to a paper ballot voting system, offer emergency paper ballots, and conduct hand-counted audits. The bill titled the Emergency Assistance for Secure Elections Act of 2008 fell short of the 2/3 needed for passage. The vote was 239-178 in favor.
The bill's sponsor Rep. Rush Holt (D-NJ) didn't understand why Republicans chose to make this a partisan issue. “There is no reason why this should be a partisan issue but the Republicans evidently have chosen to make it so. The White House issued a statement opposing the bill and 176 of 203 Republicans voted that way. What everyone should want is a national standard that would help ensure verifiable elections. We made this an even more modest bill to gain bipartisan support and pass quickly. It merely offers reimbursement to states that chose the option of auditable and audited elections; there is no mandate. Republicans are evidently unwilling to accept even this modest attempt to bring about verifiable elections.”
Republicans claimed that they opposed the bill because it was too expensive. The worst case scenario would have cost the federal government $685 million, but Holt pointed out that Republicans have no problem with paying for verifiable elections in other countries. “I'd like to ask the opponents how much spending is too much to have verifiable elections in the United States. I note that many people who opposed this legislation supported spending almost $330 million in recent years to provide election assistance in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. I would have hoped those who supported efforts to export democracy abroad would be equally committed to strengthening democracy here at home.”
Why don't Republicans want American voters to have the same rights as those in Iraq and Afghanistan? Could it be because several Republican congressmen have financial interests in the electronic voting machine manufacturers? Maybe it is because the GOP seems to win every election that has ballot issues?
This is one of those petty election year moves that make the Republicans look like they don't want fair elections. Votes such as this one only serve to fuel the imaginations of all the conspiracy theorists. Sadly, this isn't a conspiracy. The House Republicans really are that callous towards the rights of American voters.
Statement from Rep. Holt:
http://www.house.gov/apps/list/press/nj12_holt/041508.html
With a victor named Goodluck and the appearance of fair and decisive voting in Nigeria, last year's presidential elections seemed to bring about a bit of hope. But things quickly unraveled.
Within days, there were chants and curses, killings and chaos. The voting, and the ensuing violence, cleaved to ethnic and religious lines. Goodluck Jonathan, a Christian from the economically advantaged south, defeated Muhammadu Buhari, a Muslim and former major general from the north, and when Mr. Buhari failed to concede, his supporters broke into a rhythm of riots and disorder.
Benedicte Kurzen, a French photographer who has been based in Johannesburg since 2005, came to Nigeria last year with a Pulitzer Center grant and a sense of the roiling tensions there: long-seeded resentments, rooted in the breathtaking disparity of wealth, widespread corruption and a pervasive, implacable fear.
“I was not expecting to be caught by the news so fast. We wanted to start by being introduced to the different dynamics,” said Ms. Kurzen, who originally conceived of the project as an exploration of religion in the area. The project, which she calls “Nigeria, a Nation Lost to the Gods,” will be shown at the Visa Pour L'Image festival in Perpignan, France, beginning Sept. 1.
Skeptical of the easy binaries of “north vs. south,” “Islam vs. Christianity,” rich and poor — as the conflict is conventionally presented in many news outlets — Ms. Kurzen, on several trips to Nigeria beginning in April 2011, sought to reveal an intricate underlying set of circumstances. “It's a convenient divide — it makes things a bit more readable,” said Ms. Kurzen, 32, “but the reality is that it's way more complex than this. We should keep in mind that it's more complex than just ‘northern Muslim impoverished uneducated forgotten north' versus the ‘oil-rich, educated and entrepreneurial south.' ”
“The differences are very striking,” she said, “but from a political, ethnic, and social point of view, things are more intricate and codependent.”
Benedicte Kurzen
So intricate and codependent that documenting the situation in a way that supplied context or insight proved to have its limits for Ms. Kurzen. At its outset, the violence seemed politically motivated, though it soon fell along religious lines, and as it intensified, its causes became harder to discern. The resurgence of Boko Haram, an Islamist group that haunts the north, has added a confounding element. Mysterious and unflinchingly brutal, they conduct frequent bombings in Maiduguri and elsewhere, and they continue to terrorize and are difficult to track down.
Corruption, abuses of power and efforts by interested parties — the government, the military, Boko Haram — to present different realities mean that nothing could be taken for what it seemed. Regular bombardment against Christians raised the question of whether it was caused by Boko Haram or just thugs; violent reprisals against Muslims further obscured clarity. The local police, and the government, on some levels, sometimes projected ambivalence in dealing with Boko Haram's influence and destructive ways. Often, it wasn't even clear who was more afraid of whom.
“This is also the limits of photography in that sense; it only goes so far in understanding what's in front of you,” Ms. Kurzen said. “I'm only photographing the symptoms of phenomena, of dynamics: symptoms translated through the daily life of the people. But I don't think I'll ever really know or really understand what's cooking underground.”
Benedicte Kurzen
In an image of four boys swimming, for instance, the relatively peaceful scene belies an acute and longstanding strife. The Kaduna River (which means “crocodile,” from kada in the Hausa language) separates the Christian and Muslim neighborhoods, which have been essentially in continual conflict since the institution of Shariah law in Kaduna State in 2001. The riots in the decade that followed killed thousands. “There's always like a little twist to every picture,” Ms. Kurzen said. “Even if it looks like a quiet moment, there is always something that is underneath the surface.”
Indeed, the inclination is strong to hark back to easy definitions when seeking answers to grim, gauzy questions.
Ms. Kurzen — who has lived on the continent since 2005, when she moved from the West Bank — acknowledged the difficulty for some, in Africa and abroad, of seeing past preconceptions of Africa's myriad and intricate problems. For instance, many in Lagos, with its bustle and business, seemed oblivious to the conditions of living in the north, she said. And she acknowledged these challenges in herself as well.
“In some instances, I just say, ‘I don't understand.' I'm not really upset with people who don't really know Africa and who haven't been here to challenge simplistic misconceptions, but that's what [journalists] are here for. To raise questions can be more important than to find answers.”
Benedicte Kurzen
YPG fighters who take part in the Operation Wrath of the Euphrates spoke to ANF about the 5th anniversary of the Rojava Revolution and founding of the YPG.
THE FORMER UPRISING FORCES TURNED FOR PERSONAL PROFITS
ANF spoke to Orkeş Serdem, a YPG fighter who witnessed the rise of the YPG as a member from the outset. Serdem unfolded his thoughts with a short recollection of the first state of affairs of the war, and told the following:
"The Syrian Revolution against the Assad regime took its beginning in 2012. It started in Deraa. The revolution passed after that into to Homs, Idlib and many other cities. The first forces which rose up against the regime were called Jaysh Hur. But then some other groups emerged which bore all the name of Islam, but which were not at all formed to bring about freedom to the people. They were chiefly focused on personal profits. When they started in Deraa for example, they really sought after the freedom of the people, but it stopped with their presence in Hama. When Ikhwan groups turned up in Hama, they had only in mind to take revenge for the massacres of Hafez Assad. And they also intended to establish a force bearing the name of Islam in Idlib in the north, but propagating for a very strict kind of Islam. The regime on its side stepped up with massacres and shoved the people into jails as the war intensified. They wanted to create a force in Northern Syria, or to say it exactly, in the heart of Rojava from Qamishlo to Dêrik and Efrîn, which would not serve the protection of the people. Some of them demanded a system shaped after their interpretation of Islam, while some eyed for the chair of the state's presidency. They were not at all interested in building up fraternity among peoples.
THE YOUTHS UNION YXK STARTED TRAINING AND MOBILIZATION
The YXK (Association of Students from Kurdistan) which was formed from within the society was a smithery of the society itself. I mean it evolved from within the people. The people had at that time just a vague imagination of what a true revolution would look like. They called out for freedom but still were unable to understand it fully. The force was largely formed by Kurdish youths. These youths received training to be able to protect their villages and cities. They were prepared for the task to protect their community. Those other forces didn't have any intentions to drive out the regime nor to free the people because they were formed in the name of religion or shallow pledges for democracy. All of them were operating just for their own interests. Their only worry was to capture as many towns as possible and to attain oil fields in Syria. They wanted to grow on such premise.
THE YPG WAS FOUNDED TO PROTECT ALL THE PEOPLES OF ROJAVA AND SYRIA
The YPG was founded around the same time when Jaysh Hur crossed into Serêkaniyê in 2012. From the very outset of the foundation of YPG out of the YXK, the goal was never infringed to the protection of the Kurdish people alone but set out for all the peoples in Rojava and Syria. Youths of the Kurdish, Arabic, Christian, Circassian and more people were part of the YPG as the people's defense units. All the elements in Rojava and Northern Syria strived henceforth to lead the revolution with a democratic and free mentailty to victory.
YPG'S TRUTH WAS ACKNOWLEDGED AFTER THE BATTLE IN SERÊKANIYÊ
When the People's Defense Units were formed, many forces within Syria didn't wait long to oppose it. To prevent the YPG to succeed, they spread propaganda a lot in a hope to sully the name of the new force. But after the battles of Serêkaniyê took place, the truth of the YPG was unfolded to everyone. It was that time that the people came to know the truth and philosophy behind that force, namely fraternity of the peoples in Syria. But those hostile forces didn't let it be and planned many times to carry out massacres against the peoples in Northern Syria. Because that region, with its diversity of peoples, is very different from the rest of Syria. There are peoples as Arab, Turkmen, Circassian, Syriac, Kurds and many more. But these plans to dissolve the YPG failed because of the mounted resistance and struggle. We have seen many times people deserting those hostile forces to join the YPG after they saw the truth with their own eyes. When the people from different elements joined our ranks, what did they realize then? They realized at first that our force is vibrant of an unquenchable source of willpower. To fight the other forces which keep killing civilians, ravage their homes and drive them to emigration. The YPG is bound to history and came for the protection of the people, while again on the other hand the society developed within its ranks.
There was no fraternity of peoples in Syria before. Everyone was forced to be as the Ba'ath regime enacted it, even though all these peoples here had lived together for thousands of years. What the YPG aimed to realize in Rojava was that anyone could live according to their own culture and history.
INTENSE ATTACKS ON ROJAVA'S SOIL DUE TO ITS RICHNESS
Rojava was subject to many destructive attacks during the Syrian Revolution, because its soil is rich in all aspects. Just mentioning petrol and water, its whole sources of economy are vast. The forces which attacked Rojava didn't do it to topple the regime but to get hands on the wealth of the land. The YPG prevented them from doing that and to sully the land of Rojava with their filthy mentality.
THEY ATTACKED WITH ALL THEIR MIGHT BUT WERE STILL DEFEATED IN KOBANÊ
The People's Defense Units followed its vow to protect all peoples of Syria and the land of the country, and liberated the whole stretch of land from Serêkaniyê to Shedê. Gang's attacks were after that not directed to Cizîrê Canton, but concentrated on the city of Kobanê. They attacked Kobanê with all their might but were defeated. They suffered a defeat which already went down in history.
ISIS HAS NO POWER AND WILL LEFT
Today we are in Raqqa, conducting an operation for its liberation. The YPG crossed to Raqqa after it grew and developed itself out of its own labour. All our fighters requested to be sent to Raqqa. All the international powers are watching Raqqa as all their political bargains involve the city. But after its liberation a system will be established which the people yearn for, however we need at first to free the people of the city from the gangs' rule of oppression completely.
When we first headed towards Raqqa we started to approach Mishlib, which was rather easy because the gangs totally lacked morale and strength. ISIS is totally defeated. Their power is broken, their will shattered. We approach slowly into the city to prevent civilians being harmed. That is why we prefer not to haste. We try to keep the civilians out of harms way because the gangs use them as human shields. It goes very well and the gangs suffer immense losses. Their bodies are in our possessions.
Our comrades launched this campaign with revolutionary spirit and have already surrounded whole of Raqqa. What only remains is the city center, which we will cleanse gradually to prevent damage on civilians."
WE HAD ONLY RIFLES WHEN WE STARTED
Another YPG fighter named Salar stressed the conditions under which the YPG had to lead the struggle, and started to tell of the first battles with rifles:
"I was also there at the beginning of the Rojava Revolution and still am. It was for me very meaningful to take part in such a revolution.
When we started we had only very few means. We had no weapons. There were very few. First, we drove the regime out of Dirbêsiyê. The battles were fought with rifles then which weren't enough at all. Just some kalashnikovs which belonged to some families. They provided us with those guns and we fought with those.
THE PEOPLE JOINED US AFTER THEY CAME TO KNOW US
After that we fought in Serêkaniyê where Jaysh Hur was a major force. We drove them away from of our city after which our possibilities grew slowly. We confiscated their weapons, cars and dushkas and went ahead until we reached where we are standing now. After Serêkaniyê we reached Til Xelef, Mamburka, Girê Spî (Tal Abyad), then Manbij and after that we fought for Kobanê. We created possibilities by our own but it was still not enough. The people still didn't know us and our truth well enough, most of whom were Arabs. The only option was nonetheless to go on and we did, whereafter also those Arabs came to know us and realized that the Ba'ath regime brainwashed the people because they were really afraid of us before it. But they later understood that we defy and fight against oppression they slowly approached the Rojava revolution and started to take part in it. Now, they are a majority.
We gradually drew near to the freedom we went for, but we were never granted rest. We have been put on an embargo. Sêmalka was closed. We weren't able to cross our wounded out of Rojava to have them treated.
Today, we fight together with our Arab comrades in the phase of Raqqa's liberation. We fight together, get trained in the same Training Cycle, and many come to us receive our special training.
ISIS HAS NO POWER LEFT TO SURVIVE
ISIS has no more the force they used to have. They resort to attacks with bomb-laden cars to damage the psychology of the people, but more ISIS can't do anymore. Their strength is depleted.
We didn't even believe at first that we could reach this level. Why didn't we? Because we had neither any means nor any support from the vast communities. Nonetheless we were labelled as terrorists. The Turkish state and Southern Kurdistan still call us terrorists.
But we foiled all their hostile efforts with our struggle and resistance. Up to this day, the major force which resists and fights ISIS is the YPG and YPJ forces.
WE'LL FIGHT UNTIL ISIS IS FINISHED
I want to add, that we are resolute to continue our fight against ISIS until their total defeat. We will march and resist on the path of the philosophy of Leader Apo until the end. And I express my condolences to the families of martyrs and repeat for them our vow to march on the martyrs' path."
DESPITE ALL OBSTACLES IT'S A JOY BE PART OF IT
Rûken Qamişlo, a YPJ fighter who also fights in the ranks of the YPG and YPJ since 2011 referred to that time as follows:
"That time was a very crucial one. Especially one filled with hardship. We not only had difficulties getting new members, but had to struggle also with an immense lack in armory.
At the time of the YXK we managed everything in a covert manner. We organised ourselves and held meetings in secret. The fighting skills which the YXK trained itself in was only restricted to the fields. We didn't have any experience. We didn't have any military training. We gained our experience during the war. We endured many a time without any food or ammunition. But in the face of all difficulties and troubles, the successes we had and the atmosphere of friendship really made up for all of it.
WHEN WE SHOT OUR FIRST BULLET WE FELT LIKE HAVING FREED KURDISTAN
We joined many operations. We joined the liberation operations of Til Hemîs, Til Berek and many other campaigns. I'd say that the spirit of comradery was spurred at that time with a different intensity. When we shot our first bullet we felt like having liberated Kurdistan. We felt in battle like being invited to a celebration. Our sufferings today are nothing compared to back then. Our comrades were guided by a feeling and motivation which cannot be put into words these days. Because they joined the battles which would decide on everyone's life or death when battling the ISIS groups. But how is it today? ISIS has no strength anymore as they did before. They are finished. The only active ones of them are practically just their snipers. They use bomb-laden cars and lay mines. They can't battle for real anymore which - I believe - is in Raqqa obvious. But we will not hold back.
We as the YPJ are here to avenge all women of the world and especially the women of Shengal who got killed and sold by thousands. We are here to prove us as the women's defense forces."
Dijwar Qamişlo, another YPG fighter, told us also of the beginning from his own experience when they had to operate in secrecy and without any means or logistics. Dijwar stressed then that they made up for all the deficiencies by their sheer number and perseverance, and went on as follows:
"At first al-Nusra groups were present in Serêkaniyê. Our comrades arranged all preparations and we headed to our city. Some of that group were joining us but betrayed us afterwards in the morning of the holy day. We never trusted or believed anything of them because we understood they were just some gangs.
We launched our operations and fought until we liberated Serêkaniyê. The front line was opened up by that. So we started to advance towards Til Hemîs, Til Temir and Til Berek. The gangs were claiming that nobody could ever cross Til Temîs, the biggest city in that line. But we did, liberated it and continued until we reached Shaddadi.
When the YPG was founded we received only from then onwards training as a real battalion. The growth of the People's Defense Units continued with each gain we made.
We fought in many operations. We fought in campaigns for the liberation of Shaddadi, Kobanê, Shengal and Jazaa. After that, Hesekê city followed. The moment we secured the border we went for the liberation of Manbij.
And the most recent is Raqqa, which we have entered with very high morale. Everybody claimed Raqqa would be the worst, but we didn't encounter any special difficulties. Yes, we are now in Raqqa and lead everything also here to a victory."
Probably due to the (“secondary”) role it has been historically assigned within the IPv6 universe, DHCPv6 is a protocol which is very different from its IPv4 counterpart. Some of the differences and similarities have been discussed recently (e.g. see Scott Hogg‘s article on “High Availability DHCPv6“). This post aims at covering a fundamental, yet widely unknown or misunderstood difference, that is the properties of DHCPv6 addresses and their behavior on the local-link.
Let's assume that an organization wants to use DHCPv6 in a way mostly consistent with their IPv4 networks and the associated operations model. Hence, besides providing some technical background and explanation, the main question of this post can be formulated as follows: how can one implement DHCPv6 in a way that leads to network behavior (=> network operations model, incl. troubleshooting) similar to that in IPv4 networks?
In IPv4 once a node (say, “Alice”) wants to communicate with another node (“Bob”), the first node will use its subnet mask (like a kind-of glasses) to find out if the other node is a neighbor (read: within the same subnet) and in case it is, the initiator will perform an ARP broadcast (“who has?”) to determine the destination's MAC address.
In contrast, in very short, IPv6 does not have a concept of a “subnet mask” for that (or any other) purpose, but the so-called “on-link” flag of an address/prefix is used for this determination. In the RFC 5942 IPv6 Subnet Model: The Relationship between Links and Subnet Prefixes, which is the most important RFC for our discussion, it is stated:
“IPv4 implementations typically associate a netmask with an address when an IPv4 address is assigned to an interface. That netmask together with the IPv4 address designates an on-link prefix.
[…]
The behavior of IPv6 as specified in Neighbor Discovery (ND) [RFC4861] is quite different. The on-link determination is separate from the address assignment. A host can have IPv6 addresses without any related on-link prefixes or can have on-link prefixes that are not related to any IPv6 addresses that are assigned to the host. Any assigned address on an interface should initially be considered as having no internal structure as shown in [RFC4291].
In IPv6, by default, a host treats only the link-local prefix as on-link.
The reception of a Prefix Information Option (PIO) with the L-bit set [RFC4861] and a non-zero valid lifetime creates (or updates) an entry in the Prefix List. All prefixes on a host's Prefix List (i.e., those prefixes that have not yet timed out) are considered to be on-link by that host.”
Let's perform some experiments to find out what this means in practice, why it is so crucial (e.g. for troubleshooting) and how all this can potentially be adjusted/fine-tuned.
We start with a very simple network including a (here Cisco-based) router and two nodes (one running Windows & the other one running Linux, but that's not really important for the overall behavior => the overall purpose & message of this post), all sitting on the same local-link. The relevant part of the router's config looks like this:
interface Vlan100
no ip address
ipv6 address FE80::1 link-local
ipv6 address 2001:DB8:5:5::1/64
ipv6 enable
Please note that, for illustration purposes, we use a minimal IPv6 config on the VLAN interface here (as opposed to a typical production config which usually includes all types of ND related stuff like “IPv6 nd router-preference high”; more on this in another post).
In our lab, the above config leads to the following configuration of the two adjacent nodes:
Windows:
IPv6 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 2001:db8:5:5:f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6
Link-local IPv6 Address . . . . . : fe80::f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6%13
Default Gateway . . . . . . . . . : fe80::1%13
Linux:
enno@mobile32:~$ ip -6 addr sh
eth0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qlen 1000
inet6 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926/64 scope global dynamic
valid_lft 2591863sec preferred_lft 604663sec
inet6 fe80::3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926/64 scope link
valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
Quickly checking they can communicate with each other:
D:\>ping 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926
Pinging 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926 with 32 bytes of data:
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time=1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
Now let's bring (“managed” variant) DHCPv6 into the picture/game. To keep things simple we use the Cisco device as a DHCPv6 server (which is not necessarily a good idea for a production environment given the Cisco “built-in” DHCPv6 server lacks quite some configuration knobs and logging capabilities compared with e.g. ISC dhcpd) but serves well for illustration purposes.
We will first use a prefix different from the SLAAC provided one, which – of course – is not a brilliant network design 😉 but will help to clarify things:
Router(config)#ipv6 dhcp pool Clients
Router(config-dhcpv6)#add prefix 2001:db8:6:6::/64
Router(config-dhcpv6)#exi
Router(config)#int vlan100
Router(config-if)#ipv6 dhcp server Clients
Router(config-if)#ipv6 nd managed-config-flag
Router(config-if)#exi
Here's the situation/configuration this creates on the nodes within that subnet:
Windows:
IPv6 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 2001:db8:5:5:f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6
IPv6 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 2001:db8:6:6:40f5:46c0:f0ed:4168
Link-local IPv6 Address . . . . . : fe80::f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6%13
Default Gateway . . . . . . . . . : fe80::1%13
Linux:
eth0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qlen 1000
inet6 2001:db8:6:6:c56c:aade:e363:ad79/64 scope global
valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
inet6 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926/64 scope global dynamic
valid_lft 2591873sec preferred_lft 604673sec
inet6 fe80::3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926/64 scope link
valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
Somebody with an IPv4-centric mindset might be surprised here that on both systems there are SLAAC generated and DHCPv6 assigned addresses at the same time. Suffice to say that having multiple addresses, from potentially different sources, is fully ok in the IPv6 world (and even foreseen for a number of scenarios). So for those readers with an IPv4 background here's a quick first take-away: just because a system gets a DHCPv6 provided address, usually does NOT mean that no other addresses (from other sources) can exist in parallel. On some OSs (e.g. Windows) even static addresses, SLAAC generated ones and DHCPv6 provided ones can happily co-exist at the same time. We will get back to this later.
So far so good, now let the fun begin.
What if Alice (the Windows system) just pings Bob (Linux) as above, just now pinging his DHCPv6 provided address instead of the SLAAC address? Thinking in terms of IPv4 this should easily be doable (Bob sits in the same subnet as Alice, so just ARP/perform ND for his address and so on), right?
Here's what actually happens:
D:\>ping 2001:db8:6:6:c56c:aade:e363:ad79
Pinging 2001:db8:6:6:c56c:aade:e363:ad79 with 32 bytes of data:
Destination net unreachable.
Destination net unreachable.
Destination net unreachable.
Destination net unreachable.
What the … is this?
Maybe we mistyped the destination IPv6 address? => double-checked, it's ok [well, I copy+pasted from above].
Maybe Bob's link is down or sth? Let's check if Alice can still ping Bob's SLAAC address.
D:\>ping 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926
Pinging 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926 with 32 bytes of data:
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:5:5:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926: time<1ms
In German there's a saying (from the realm of football) that goes like “die Wahrheit liegt auf dem Platz” which can be roughly translated to “the truth lies on the [football] ground”. As a networking guy let me adapt this to “the truth is in the packets”. In other words: what does Wireshark display as for the situation? Let's take a look:
So, apparently
– Alice chooses her SLAAC provided address as source address for the outgoing ping.
– Alice sends the packet to the router (take a careful look at the destination MAC address of the first packet!). at the same time she does NOT perform ND for Bob's address.
– the router sends back an ICMPv6 packet type 1 (“Destination unreachable”).
The following questions come to mind:
a) why does Alice choose her SLAAC address as the source address?
Readers thinking in terms of IPv4 (and even some with a basic understanding of RFC 6724 Default Address Selection for Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6)) might have expected that she takes an address from the 2001:db8:6:6::/64 to reach another address with the same prefix.
b) why does this stuff happen in this way at all?
c) and, of course, how can all this be “cured” in the sense of our overall guiding question “we just want DHCPv6 to behave like DHCPv4”?
Let me try to answer those one by one.
First, please remember that a DHCP provided address is NOT considered to be on-link. RFC 5942 states, with this regard, in section 4 on “Host Rules”:
“A correctly implemented IPv6 host MUST adhere to the following rules:
1. The assignment of an IPv6 address — whether through IPv6
stateless address autoconfiguration [RFC4862], DHCPv6 [RFC3315],
or manual configuration — MUST NOT implicitly cause a prefix
derived from that address to be treated as on-link and added to
the Prefix List. A host considers a prefix to be on-link only
through explicit means, such as those specified in the on-link
definition in the Terminology section of [RFC4861] (as modified
by this document) or via manual configuration.”
[still, please keep in mind, that the reception of a router advertisement with prefix information “usually” – more on this below – will lead to the SLAAC address being considered on-link; see the RFC 5942 quote at the beginning of this post]
Hence the Windows system considers the (DHCP provided) 2001:db8:6:6::/64 prefix/network to be one “without any neighbors” (like in a dial-up network), so the destination addresses within that one can only be reached through a router.
As for the source address selection – probably (actually I don't have any better explanation) – rule 5.5 of RFC 6724 (it's a Win Server 2012 system which follows RFC 6724, in contrast to, for example, Server 2008 which follows RFC 3484) kicks in, which in turn states:
“Rule 5.5: Prefer addresses in a prefix advertised by the next-hop.
If SA or SA's prefix is assigned by the selected next-hop that will
be used to send to D and SB or SB's prefix is assigned by a different
next-hop, then prefer SA.”
For the same reason the system sends the ICMP echo request to the router. I mean, what else, considering there's no perceived neighbors, due to the missing on-link flag.
The router (serving as DHCPv6 server at the same time) has no interface configured with an address from the 2001:db8:6:6::/64 prefix and subsequently no route to that destination/prefix exists (in the present lab setting the router does not have an IPv6 default route) that's why it sends back an ICMP unreachable (“Dear sender, I have no idea how to get to that destination”).
Now some of of you might argue: “well, that setting with a router having an interface within 2001:db8:5:5::/64 and DHCPv6 addresses being distributed from 2001:db8:6:6::/64 is an unrealistic one (in real-life)” and of course you're right. Let's change this then to a “more proper setting” and move the router's node-facing interface to the 2001:db8:6:6::/64 prefix/network:
Router(config)#int vlan100
Router(config-if)#no ipv6 add 2001:db8:5:5::1/64
Router(config-if)#ipv6 add 2001:db8:6:6::1/64
Router(config-if)#exi
After an interface down/up both on the Windows and the Linux systems this gives:
Windows
IPv6 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 2001:db8:6:6:40f5:46c0:f0ed:4168
IPv6 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 2001:db8:6:6:f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6
Default Gateway . . . . . . . . . : fe80::1%13
Linux
eth0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qlen 1000
inet6 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4/64 scope global
valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
inet6 2001:db8:6:6:3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926/64 scope global dynamic
valid_lft 2591970sec preferred_lft 604770sec
inet6 fe80::3aea:a7ff:fe85:c926/64 scope link
valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
So both systems now have two addresses with the same prefix, a SLAAC generated one and a DHCPv6 provided one. Looking closer on the Windows box shows:
D:\>netsh int ipv6 sh add
Interface 13: Ethernet
Addr Type DAD State Valid Life Pref. Life Address
——— ———– ———- ———- ————————
Dhcp Preferred 1d23h32m40s 23h32m40s 2001:db8:6:6:40f5:46c0:f0ed:4168
Public Preferred 29d23h59m25s 6d23h59m25s 2001:db8:6:6:f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6
Other Preferred infinite infinite fe80::f9ca:18b6:7015:cca6%13
What happens now once Alice pings Bob via his DHCP address?
D:\>ping 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4
Pinging 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4 with 32 bytes of data:
Reply from 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4: time=1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4: time<1ms
Reply from 2001:db8:6:6:94e:e384:7d17:4ed4: time<1ms
So, this works and the Windows system even uses its own DHCPv6 provided address for the task:
Mission accomplished then?
Well, unfortunately, no. Alas not even close, as we'll see.
First we now have -two- global IPv6 addresses on both systems with only one of them being provided from a “centrally managed mechanism” (DHCPv6) which is probably not a desired state from a network & security management perspective.
Furthermore this can lead to decision problems (source address selection!) with the associated “solution space” (RFCs 3484/6724 and their actual stack implementations) being quite immature/unreliable as from our experience in various networks.
To make matters worse, for non-local communication the SLAAC generated address is chosen:
which then leads directly into troubleshooting hell for the poor sods responsible for diagnosing client-related connection problems.
So we're not yet there. We have to get rid of the SLAAC generated address, in order to have “a clean state with only one global IPv6 address on the clients, and ideally that one being the DHCPv6 provided one”.
How to achieve this will be covered in the second part of this post to follow very soon.
For today I hope to have shed light on some subtle but important differences between DHCPv6 and DHCPv4. We're happy to receive any comments from your real-life DHCPv6 deployment,
best
Enno
I tweeted this stat this morning and people lost their minds. Some thought it HAD to be wrong, as if I had pulled the numbers out of thin air. Others were furious that I would ignore the obvious, that the Giants lead in the one category that truly matters over that stretch.
But most were just flat-out floored. So for your consumption (and please, do not shoot the messenger) ...
Rex Ryan is 36-31 in the regular season since taking over at Jets head coach.
Tom Coughlin over that span? 36-31.
Look it up. Do the math. For all the controversy swirling around Ryan and the speculation that he has to make the playoffs to save his job, he has the exact same record as a head coach who will probably get his bust in Canton in a few years.
The disclaimer before Giants fans start lighting the torches: Yes, Tom Coughlin has one Super Bowl title over that stretch, and that is the ultimate trump card. The Giants got hot at the end of the 2011 season and won the Super Bowl, their second one under Coughlin.
But it should be noted: Those are the only four playoff wins that Coughlin has over the last five years. Ryan has the same number of wins in the postseason over that stretch, too.
And now I'll duck while you discuss this amongst yourselves.
Yes, that is weird.
She needs friends of herself and her own age, not yours.
It sounds like your mother is very lonely and that she doesn't have a lot of people to talk to. I think that when you ask her about her loneliness and how she can try and fix her loneliness, you will broach the subject with love and compassion. And when she is capable to listen to you and actually do something about it, there should be no need to be harsh.
But if she can't or won't open up about this or try to fix her own loneliness, I think you are going to have to be harsh. First step is to tell your mother to stop it. If she doesn't stop, the next step is to not introduce your mother to your friends anymore. If I were in your place, I'd include in step 1 that I will go to step 2 if she doesn't stop, to make perfectly clear what the consequences are of what she does. Explain that she creates a situation that makes you uncomfortable and that you are going to stop mixing friends and family if she doesn't stop making you uncomfortable. It may very well be that she doesn't realize, by the way, that this makes you uncomfortable (or your friends).
Guga is 39 today!
Gustavo “Guga” Kuerten is 39 today! He is the first South American to finish the year (2000) as world No. 1 in the history of the rankings (since 1973) and Kuerten broke an eight-year hold of players from the U.S. on the year-end No. 1 position.
He is the only player to defeat Pete Sampras and Andre Agassi in the same major tournament (Tennis Masters Cup in Lisboa, 2000), furthermore he completed it on indoor hard court!
He claimed 3 Roland Garros titles, each of them in classy way!
In 1997, he played 15 sets, three consecutive 5setter matches en route to the final (beating 2 former French Opens champions Muster and Kafelnikov as well Medveded, finalist in 1999), and in the final he defeated the 2 time champion Sergi Bruguera in 3 straight sets.
In 2000, Guga won his second French Open title by defeating Magnus Norman on his 11th match point!
Following year, Kuerten saved a match point against Michael Russell in the fourth round and Coria, Corretja, Kafelnikov and Ferrero were among his vanquished opponents.
Winning at Roland Garros three times in Open-era (1997, 2000-01), the popular Brasil has joined the elite group of Bjorn Borg, Ivan Lendl and Mats Wilander. Only Bjorn Borg, and Rafael Nadal, has won more titles in Paris since 1968.
Kuerten was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2012.
Feliz aniversário Guga!
In the first part of this tutorial we have explored what evolutionary computation is, and why it works. The rest of this tutorial will show how to set up a practical example and how to use evolution to solve a real problem. In our case, the problem is teaching a bipedal creature how to keep balance and how to walk effectively. Rather than evolving the body of the creature, we are interested in finding a strategy to make it walk as fast as possible.
The Body
The first step is to design the creature we will use. It is important to remember that evolution is a rather slow process. Starting with a human-like ragdoll might take way too long to reach a consistent and effective walking strategy. If we want to test out evolutionary software, we need to start with something easier.
The subject of our experiment is that very simple bipedal creature. It has two legs, L and R, which are hinged onto its body. They are able to rotate, thanks to two springs. When the springs extend and contracts, they pull and push the legs, causing them to rotate. The creature has no direct knowledge on how to rotate its legs, but it controls the length of the springs feeding them a value between (contracted) and (extended).
Note: Moving complex bodies is a challenging task. For the final project, I have replaced Unity's SpringJoint2D with DistanceJoint2D, since they are more predictable. I will keep calling them springs, nonetheless. For the more complex ragdoll shown in the animation, limbs will be rotated directly by code.
The Brain
Walking is not just a matter of finding the right angles for L and R. Is a continuous task that requires equally continuous movements of the legs. If we want to walk, we need a way to provide the creature with a compact and meaningful way to move its legs. The list of choices here is endless. For the sake of simplicity, the relaxation and contraction of the springs is controlled by two sinusoidal waves.
The evolutionary process is going to fit the L and R sinusoids that make our creature walk. You can see an example in the animation on the side; the green and red sinusoid controls the L and R legs, respectively.
The springs are the entities that the creature controls, and will be the target of our evolutionary computation. Each sinusoid has period , ranges from to and is shifted on the X axis by . This means that the target of evolution is to find the two sets for these fours parameters which results in the best walking strategy.
The Controller
In our current setup, we already have several entities: the legs, the springs and the waves. To simplify the way we approach the problem, let's create a class LegController that allows to control the contraction of the spring with a value from to :
We perform the rotation of the leg by changing the distance of the spring in FixedUpdate. This forces the joint to pull or push the leg until it reaches the desired destination.
public class LegController : MonoBehaviour { public DistanceJoint2D spring; private float contracted; private float relaxed; [Range(-1, +1)] public float position = +1; void Start () { float distance = spring.distance; relaxed = distance * 1.5f; contracted = distance / 2f; } void FixedUpdate () { spring.distance = linearInterpolation(-1, +1, contracted, relaxed, position); } public static float linearInterpolation(float x0, float x1, float y0, float y1, float x) { float d = x1 - x0; if (d == 0) return (y0 + y1) / 2; return y0 + (x - x0) * (y1 - y0) / d; } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 public class LegController : MonoBehaviour { public DistanceJoint2D spring ; private float contracted ; private float relaxed ; [ Range ( - 1 , + 1 ) ] public float position = + 1 ; void Start ( ) { float distance = spring . distance ; relaxed = distance * 1.5f ; contracted = distance / 2f ; } void FixedUpdate ( ) { spring . distance = linearInterpolation ( - 1 , + 1 , contracted , relaxed , position ) ; } public static float linearInterpolation ( float x0 , float x1 , float y0 , float y1 , float x ) { float d = x1 - x0 ; if ( d == 0 ) return ( y0 + y1 ) / 2 ; return y0 + ( x - x0 ) * ( y1 - y0 ) / d ; } }
The two leg controllers are constantly updated by the Creature class:
public class Creature { public LegController left; public LegController right; public void Update () { left.position = // ... right.position = // ... } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 public class Creature { public LegController left ; public LegController right ; public void Update ( ) { left . position = // ... right . position = // ... } }
We will see in the next part of this tutorial how the Creature class evolves to incorporate also the genome of the creature.
The Fitness Score
Evolution requires evaluating the fitness of a creature. This step, which sounds trivial, is actually incredibly challenging. The reason is that the score we assign to each creature at the end of the simulation has to correctly capture what we want to learn. Failure to do so will inevitable yield poor results, keeping evolution stuck in local maxima.
My first attempt has been to evaluate the fitness of a creature depending on how far it travelled from its initial position:
private Vector3 initialPosition; public void Start () { initialPosition = transform.position; } public float GetScore () { return position.x - initialPosition.x; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 private Vector3 initialPosition ; public void Start ( ) { initialPosition = transform . position ; } public float GetScore ( ) { return position . x - initialPosition . x ; }
This converges to the walking strategy that requires less effort: dragging yourself on the floor:
I was rather unhappy with that solution, because it failed to capture one of the most important aspect of walking: keeping balance. As a second attempt, I gave a very strong bonus to all the creatures who managed to stay up on their feet:
public float GetScore () { // Walking score float walkingScore = position.x - initialPosition.x; // Balancing score bool headUp = head.transform.eulerAngles.z < 0+30 || head.transform.eulerAngles.z > 360-30; bool headDown = head.transform.eulerAngles.z > 180-45 && head.transform.eulerAngles.z < 180+45; return walkingScore * (headUp ? 2f : 1f) // Double score if UP * (headDown ? 0.5f : 1f) // Half score if DOWN ; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 public float GetScore ( ) { // Walking score float walkingScore = position . x - initialPosition . x ; // Balancing score bool headUp = head . transform . eulerAngles . z < 0 + 30 || head . transform . eulerAngles . z > 360 - 30 ; bool headDown = head . transform . eulerAngles . z > 180 - 45 && head . transform . eulerAngles . z < 180 + 45 ; return walkingScore * ( headUp ? 2f : 1f ) // Double score if UP * ( headDown ? 0.5f : 1f ) // Half score if DOWN ; }
Since falling is incredibly easy, that fitness function promoted creatures which are able to keep a good balance. However, it doesn't really encourage them to walk. Failing is judged too severely, and evolution doesn't feel brave enough to risk it.
To compensate for this, I tried to give an incentive for staying balanced that was independent of the walking score.
return walkingScore * (headDown ? 0.5f : 1f) + (headUp ? 2f : 0f) ; 1 2 3 4 5 return walkingScore * ( headDown ? 0.5f : 1f ) + ( headUp ? 2f : 0f ) ;
In all my attempts, creatures converged towards a sloppy, yet very functional solution:
Conclusion
This post introduces the body of the creature we are going to use for our simulation. As long as you're sensible with your design choices, evolution will work regardless of the body type. It's worth noticing that my first attempt used a much more sophisticated body, which used four interconnected springs. That did not work very well, since evolution exploited Box2D's constraint instabilities to make the creature fly at high speed. Yes, evolution likes to cheat. A lot.
The third part of this tutorial will focus on how to correctly represent and mutate the genome of our creature. Using a form that is amenable to evolutionary computations is at the heart of this technique.
Other resources
I thought it would be cool to add some ships or something to give the death star some scale.
So i thought i would look for the biggest ship in the star wars films and i think it was the superstar destroyer, the one they released the lego version of. The lego one handily had a little data plaque on it that gave a size of 19km long.
In my research i found the size of the first death star to be loads of different sizes, but one number that kept coming up was 160 km in diameter.
So with a size of 160,000,000 mm for the death star and the length 19,000,000 mm for the star destroyer.
the globe i got was around 105 mm long. So with some quick maths i worked out that it is at a scale of (roughly) 1 : 1,500,000 (it comes out to scale to the size of 106.666667 mm)
so the star destroyer of 19,000,000 at the scale of 1:1,500,000 makes the scaled version come out at 12.666667 mm so i rounded it up to 13mm and made a little , well tiny, card model of the superstar destroyer. i attached the star destroyer to the death star with a small length of fibre optic strand, i just glued it to the destroyer and drilled a small hole in the death star.
Make sure that the length isn't either long make sure it wont hit the upright of the magnet frame.
I also used some lengths of Fibre optic strands to make the laser firing, (i forgot to take a photo of this stage but you will see it in the final images.) i sanded the fibre optics lengths a little and then stained them with some green ink. i then glued them into the holes in the laser "eye" with the 8 strands converging onto the central one which extends longer than the rest.
Make sure that the laser isn't either long make sure it doesn't hit the magnet frame. (same as the star destroyer.
Dressed to kill: Gaudy tombstones of Russian gangsters depict them wearing designer suits with flash cars
The gangsters are sculpted standing in designer suits and leather jackets
They used to spend their days collecting protection money, kneecapping those who would not pay up and planting explosives in the cars of their rivals.
But now the only reminders of the gangsters that made up the Russian mobs in the 1990s are their tombstones with gaudy sketches of them etched into the granite.
The men, who are casualties of the Russian business world and were relatively young when they were killed, are sculpted standing in designer suits and leather jackets.
Ostentatious: Now the only reminders of the brawn of the Russian mobs are their gravestones where gaudy sketches of them are etched into the granite of tombstones
Flashy: The cemeteries in the mafia city of Ekaterinburg are littered with brash, life-size memorials carved out of hugely expensive imported marble
Gangster: They stare back at the onlooker, smiling or stern, as proud in death as when they were alive
They stare back at the onlooker, smiling or stern, as proud in death as when they were alive.
Their graves are marked by life size headstones, where their images are expertly engraved into imported marble.
On the edge of the Russian city of Yekaterinburg lies the Shirokorechenskoye cemetery.
This is the final resting place for mobster, Miklhail Kuchin, boss of the notorious Centralnaya gang who was gunned down aged 35 as he left his home.
Work of art: Their graves are marked by life size headstones, where their images are expertly engraved into imported marble
Showing off from the grave: Many of the etchings feature cars as reminder to onlookers that the gangsters have enjoyed wealth when they were alive
His gravestone shows him as thick-necked, dressed in a double breasted suit. and he is depicted clutching the keys to his beloved Mercedes 600.
This, in a country where buying a Lada is beyond millions of people's pockets, working or not.
Nearby are the graves of father and son gangsters Nikolai and Andrei Kravtsov, shot by contract killers as they drove in their Volvo in 1996. They were cut down at the ages of 44 and 22.
Hefty gravestones commemorate the two men and between them a separate stone is dedicated to their precious car.
Money-making: Criminal gangs made fortunes following the collapse of communism by ruthlessly exploiting the newly-privatised heavy industries
Hard graft: The drawings are very detailed and intricate taking an engravers hours to put together
Fallen: The gangsters who fell in the 'metal wars' of the 1990s are sculpted standing in designer suits and leather jackets
On their tombs, some are depicted with their tattoos, or smoking cigarettes.
Others are buried with their mobile phones so they can be kept up to date with the daily round of gangland shootings and beatings.
In an enormous tomb-Oleg Vagin is buried alongside his three armed bodyguards, who couldn't draw their guns fast enough to save him when they were all massacred in 1992.
Engravings: On their tombs, some are depicted with their tattoos, or smoking cigarettes
Image: Most of the gangsters are depicted in smart suits and look formal - often with a cigarette in hand
Grand display: The burial ceremonies for those caught up in armed business disputes are magnificent occasions
Crowd drawer: At a funeral for a gangster it was usually packed with well-wishers
Shiny display: Many of the tombs are surrounded by black highly-polished stone
Vagin owned the lucrative local gravestone factory which had become embroiled in a dispute between rival gangs.
Next to the grave of Khakimzhan Burma, leader of the Viz mafia gang, a huge summerhouse has been thoughtfully erected for mourners.
Ekaterinburg has been long infamous for its slayings.
The burial ceremonies for those caught up in armed business disputes are magnificent occasions.
'There's always a lot of people,' gravedigger Alexei Yurkov told the BBC.
I came away from the recently concluded Aquaculture America conference feeling discouraged about the prospects for further growth of US aquaculture. It's not any single event or policy has led me to that view but a conclusion drawn from hearing the same complaints and concerns year after year without any change on the ground.
The stagnation of US aquaculture is obvious at many levels. The largest aquaculture sector in the country, catfish farming, peaked in 2002 and has not yet come close to recovering 15 years later. As a result, the country is no longer a top-10 global producer. Trout production has barely budged in decades. Salmon farming in net pens in Maine and Washington, never fully developed, peaked around 2000. Shellfish production, one of the brighter lights of US aquaculture, grows modestly but faces ongoing challenges from competing users of coastal areas, climate change, and food safety. University research programs in aquaculture have been scaled back and, in some cases, done away with altogether.
So, what are the reasons for this stagnation? One big reason is that domestically produced “whitefish” are not able to compete with imports of tilapia and pangasius and haven't for about two decades. The regulatory environment in the US is more restrictive than enabling. There is no doubt that the multilayered rules of the game are difficult and frustrating for existing and potential producers. Permits for aquaculture take too long.
The media, ever eager to stoke controversy, have embraced negative narratives about aquaculture, and these have sown confusion in the minds of consumers and increased their hesitancy to buy fish. Some of these narratives originated from groups claiming to speak on behalf of the public interest but in reality they are speaking on behalf of the donors to foundations that support those groups. Skewed perspectives about aquaculture are now common among Americans.
I would argue that another important factor has contributed to the stagnation of US aquaculture: we are not a fish-eating people. Other than along the US coastlines, there is no culture of eating seafood. The US does not have a culinary tradition that embraces seafood in the same way as it does in most Asian and Mediterranean countries. The annual per capita consumption of fish in the US has increased only modestly from about 10 pounds in 1960 to about 15-16 pounds today (compared to a global average of more than 40 pounds), a level essentially unchanged since 1990. Over the same period, the annual per capita consumption of poultry has increased from 34 pounds to more than 100 pounds. Seafood has yet to be competitive with poultry, beef and pork in the American diet. Partly this is a matter of price; seafood tends to be a higher-cost protein than terrestrial livestock. But partly this is a characteristic of American consumers, who have limited experience eating seafood and demand convenience. It's difficult to imagine an America where eating seafood is an everyday thing, rather than something special when eating out.
Despite the relatively modest per capita consumption, the US is a populous and relatively wealthy country and represents one of the world's biggest seafood market. There is talk of trying to address the “seafood deficit” in the country, but I can't help but feel pessimistic about prospects of solving this problem. Of course, this deficit is often used to provide justification for developing US aquaculture to meet that market demand. However, there are several reasons why this has become such a difficult challenge. First, every successful aquaculture producing country is pressing its own natural advantages, whether it's a year-round growing season, natural resource endowments, infrastructure, geographic position, low labor costs, or a relatively permissive regulatory environment.
Americans consume about 4 pounds of shrimp per capita per year. Why can't we grow those shrimp in the US? Beyond the regulatory hurdles alluded to previously, there are only a few places in the country (south Florida, south Texas, Hawaii) with a favorable climate for year-round production in ponds. Farms have been built in these places, but no true industry has developed. The same can be said for indoor shrimp culture.
For salmon, the US has essentially ceded the market to Canada, Norway and Chile. Again, other than Alaska (a story unto itself), the US has limited potential only along the far northern coasts. Even the warmwater areas of the US impose distinct seasonality on production of tilapia and catfish. Although the main production area in China is also characterized by seasonal production, other farms operate continuously using big net pens in tropical reservoirs. Where are the resources like this in the US and how could US producers compete given their disadvantaged position relative to low-cost producers? Will US producers be left to cater primarily to niche markets only?
Culture also plays a role in public attitudes toward aquaculture. In countries with a traditional marine focus (and a tradition of eating fish), public attitudes toward aquaculture are favorable. Likewise, in developing countries with food security concerns and a high dependency on fish protein, objections to aquaculture are few. In the US, the public doesn't quite know what to think because messages have been mixed and the diversity of aquaculture gets lost when broad allegations about the problems of aquaculture are made.
I don't want to leave the impression that there is no future for US aquaculture, only to lament that it has not come close to realizing its potential and that global growth has not been mirrored domestically. The US is likely to be better known in the future as a producer of aquaculture information and technology than as a producer of fish. The plenary session of Aquaculture America was focused on the future, especially the role of the Millennial generation. Despite my rather dark view of the present, the willingness of Millennials to take on the challenges of continuing to develop US aquaculture inspires some optimism.
A major challenge for web archivists is the low visibility that downstream archiving has on upstream web content creation. And, yet, deliberate and inadvertent architectural decisions made by web content creators strongly impact the ease or difficulty with which their websites can be captured and faithfully re-presented. A non-trivial byproduct of webmasters helping to ensure their content is archived for their own later use is that the Web itself becomes more archivable, to everyone's benefit.
Recognizing the importance and dearth of practical guidance on the topic, we have just published an extensive set of recommendations for web builders to improve the archivability of their content. The documentation is intended to improve the efficacy of our own and collective web preservation efforts, foster awareness of archivability as a web design best practice, and tout the usability and performance benefits of archivable websites. It builds upon previous notable work by the Portuguese Web Archive, Vangelis Banos, and others.
As is ever the case with web archiving, we will (have to) continue to update the documentation based on the changing web and evolving best practices. In the meantime, we welcome your feedback and questions regarding the guidance or web archivability generally. We are especially interested in working with content creators whose websites we are collecting; if you receive a notification of our intent to archive your website or are the manager of a website affiliated with Stanford University, please don't hesitate to contact us about improving the archivability of your site.
When a suspected criminal does not want to be taken alive and acts in a threatening and erratic manner in order to be killed by the police, it is referred to as “Suicide by cop.” Maybe a new term needs to be coined for what is being done to Chelsea Manning: “Murder by prison.”
Though the whistleblower is scheduled to be locked up for nearly another three decades, it certainly appears as if the authorities would not stand in the way of Manning speeding things up by taking her own life. There is really no other logical explanation for why she was sentenced to solitary confinement late last month following an unsuccessful suicide attempt.
Manning, who is transgender, is serving her sentence in the all-male United States Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Try to imagine what that is like for somebody transitioning to live as a woman. If you have trouble doing that, then just look at the facts, which show how vulnerable Manning is: More than 40% of transgender people have attempted suicide — a rate that is almost nine times higher than the national average.
But that is not the only risk factor. As WhoWhatWhy has reported, an average of 20 veterans are killing themselves every single day. It would seem that, in light of these known facts, prison administrators would have taken special care to protect Manning from harming herself.
Unfortunately, it appears that they are doing the opposite by pushing her toward suicide instead. After Manning attempted to take her own life a month ago, she was sentenced to two weeks of solitary confinement.
WhoWhatWhy has covered the devastating effects of solitary confinement and psychologists believe that is the last thing that should be done to a person who is a suicide risk.
“It is pretty well established that solitary confinement has a very detrimental effect on a person's mental health, and for people with pre-existing mental vulnerabilities it can be close to torturous,” Ron Hornberg of the National Alliance on Mental Illness told The Guardian. “It's a sure-fire way to worsen symptoms.”
This must be known to prison officials in Kansas, so what could be the reason for placing an inmate in solitary confinement who attempted to take her own life and belongs to two high-risk groups for suicide? Could it be that they are rooting for Chelsea Manning to take matters into her own hands by killing herself and serving as a deterrent for others who think about blowing the whistle on government misdeeds?
The way Manning is being treated is shameful. One measure of the greatness of a country is how it treats regime critics, especially those who point out legitimate shortcomings. In this regard, the United States is not just failing Chelsea Manning, it is failing us all.
The cartoon above was created by DonkeyHotey for WhoWhatWhy from these images: body (SenshiStock / DeviantArt – CC BY 3.0) and Army boot (Master Sgt. Michel Sauret / US Army).
Related front page panorama photo credit: Adopted by WhoWhatWhy from flag (Ian Buck / Flickr – CC BY 2.0) and Chelsea Manning portrait by Alicia Neal (ChelseaManning.org)
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
In 2015, DC Comics is making every month a theme month for variant covers. The March 2015 titles, which are being announced today, will feature variant covers based on Warner Bros. movie posters, from Harry Potter to The Fugitive and Super Fly. Below, we debut four of the new movie-themed variant DC Comics covers, along with the full list of upcoming covers, and their respective inspirations and artists.
Update: We've got a lot more covers from other sites that also featured images today.
The gallery below contains the following four covers:
BATMAN & ROBIN #40 inspired by HARRY POTTER, with cover art by Tommy Lee Edwards
BATMAN/SUPERMAN #20 inspired by THE FUGITIVE, with cover art by Tony Harris
SUPERMAN #40 inspired by SUPER FLY, with cover art by Dave Johnson
WONDER WOMAN #40 inspired by 300, with cover art by Bill Sienkiewicz
These four covers are just a handful of the titles that will get variant movie-themed covers in March. The full list is below. I really want to see the Flash cover based on North by Northwest that Bill Sienkiewicz is doing. (One assumes it will use the image of Cary Grant fleeing the crop-duster as inspiration.) Sienkiewicz is also doing an Center the Dragon riff for Grayson, which could be fun, and I've also got to see that Magic Mike cover for Justice League, by Emanuela Lupacchino.
ACTION COMICS #40 inspired by BILL & TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE, with cover art by Joe Quinones
AQUAMAN #40 inspired by FREE WILLY, with cover art by Richard Horie
BATGIRL #40 inspired by PURPLE RAIN, with cover art by Cliff Chiang
BATMAN #40 inspired by THE MASK, with cover art by Dave Johnson
BATMAN & ROBIN #40 inspired by HARRY POTTER, with cover art by Tommy Lee Edwards
BATMAN/SUPERMAN #20 inspired by THE FUGITIVE, with cover art by Tony Harris
CATWOMAN #40 inspired by BULLITT, with cover art by Dave Johnson
DETECTIVE COMICS #40 inspired by THE MATRIX, with cover art by Brian Stelfreeze
FLASH #40 inspired by NORTH BY NORTHWEST, with cover art by Bill Sienkiewicz
HARLEY QUINN #16 inspired by JAILHOUSE ROCK, with cover art by Dave Johnson
GRAYSON #8 inspired by ENTER THE DRAGON, with cover art by Bill Sienkiewicz
GREEN LANTERN #40 inspired by 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, with cover art by Tony Harris
GREEN LANTERN CORPS #40 inspired by FORBIDDEN PLANET, with cover cover art by Tony Harris
JUSTICE LEAGUE UNITED #10 inspired by MARS ATTACKS, with cover art by Marco D'Alphonso
JUSTICE LEAGUE #40 inspired by MAGIC MIKE, with cover art by Emanuela Lupacchino
JUSTICE LEAGUE DARK #40 inspired by BEETLEJUICE, with cover art by Joe Quinones
TEEN TITANS #8 inspired by THE LOST BOYS, with cover art by Alex Garner
SINESTRO #11 inspired by WESTWORLD, with cover art by Dave Johnson
SUPERGIRL #40 inspired by WIZARD OF OZ, with cover art by Marco D'Alphonso
SUPERMAN #40 inspired by SUPER FLY, with cover art by Dave Johnson
SUPERMAN/WONDER WOMAN #17 inspired cover by GONE WITH THE WIND, with art by Gene Ha
WONDER WOMAN #40 inspired by 300, with cover art by Bill Sienkiewicz
Update: Here are 18 more covers, from DC, Screenrant, IGN, HitFix and Buzzfeed.
Here it is: the final battle between Tujiro and Grendel. Tujiro expected Christine, even though he couldn't sense her. Brian Li Sung is, obviously, terrified. But not Christine.
“I'm patient. I'm directed. I'm Grendel.”
Christine has completely absorbed the mythos of Grendel. It's a part of her, right down to the cunning. While Tujiro balks and brags, Christine lets him in on her secret: she's rigged his tour buses to explode, thus destroying his entire slaving operation. And while he's reeling from that, she has another ace up her sleeve: a water hose, connected to the sink in Brian's apartment. She hits him dead-on.
Tujiro howls in pain. He begins to change. He tears off his costume, including the human-like facade. He becomes something more animal. His henchman attacks but Christine slices his hand off and sends him running.
Tujiro, clearly losing, turns into … a cat. A ferocious, annoying little cat that flees the apartment. It's kind of anticlimactic, but it also fits Wagner's sense of humor. And it allows Tujiro to escape for good.
In the aftermath, the police arrest Brian because he won't give up Christine. News of the Grendel attack hits the TV news (again), establishing Grendel in the public eye. Christine sees the news report, annoyed to find that Grendel is the villain, not Tujiro whose secret has always been hidden under a layer of innocence.
And what of Christine? In desperation, she turned to Grendel to reach down into the darkest depths to draw on a strength she needed to stop Tujiro. Now, she has to come to terms with the ripples she's caused in the lives of the people around her. She flees, both figuratively and literally, hoping Brian will understand.
Worse, she thinks she can let Grendel die again. She cannot.
The Pander Brothers bring their A-game with the art, especially with the transformation of Tujiro. Their strength this entire series has always been the triangle of main characters: Tujiro, Grendel, and Argent. They're on point with the art, which lets the reader enjoy the brief battle.
Christine's narration is crucial in this issue. She speaks of her thoughts in the moment of the battle, mirroring the cunning and aggression of Hunter Rose. But afterward, it feels as if Grendel's grip on her loosens. She ruminates on what she's lost and takes stop of what she still has. We don't know what will happen next, except that Christine believes she can let Grendel go.
Next: Grendel #8: After the Devil!
Previous: Grendel #6: Challenge the Devil
Advertisements
UFC on Fox 23 headliner Julianna Pena recently spoke to Matt Serra on the UFC Unfiltered podcast where she spoke about Nunes' last fight against former UFC women's bantamweight champion, Ronda Rousey. Pena predicted prior to the fight taking place that Nunes would knock Rousey out in their fight, which actually ended by TKO in the first round.
Pena says Holly Holm showed the world what the gameplan needs to be to beat Ronda, keep your distance and punch her in the face. She also makes a stunning claim, revealing Rousey does not allow her training partners to hit her in the face during sparring.
“I'm mostly trying to have some banter at Holly but at the same time you have got to giver her credit for being able to implement the gameplan against Ronda and that's to keep her away at a distance and punch her in the face because she doesn't like that and she's not allowed to get hit in sparring,” said Pena. “These girls have to sign these waivers to say that ‘We never hit Ronda, and we'll never talk about this type of training ever and all this stuff, you know? She's not really taking the toll in the fight camp of getting punched in the face legitimately so she doesn't really know what that feels like.”
Pena goes on to say Rousey's sparring partners are threatened with a $1 million lawsuit if they disclose how sparring practice went.
“I just think it's one of those things where you've gotta protect the fighter and make sure she doesn't get hurt before the fight,” Pena said. “She's a superstar and they don't want to see her get any damage. So, it's like whenever the girls would go hard on her, whenever they'd come forward and start banging it out on her, they'd tell them, ‘Hey. Knock it off. Stop it. Don't hit her so hard and then sign this waiver and say that you were never here and that you never punched her. Don't ever talk about how well you did in training and stuff like that because you have to sign this dotted line or else we'll sue you for a million dollars.‘”
Julianna Pena faces Valentina Shevchenko in the main event of UFC on Fox 23 this Saturday, the winner will most likely be the next challenger for UFC bantamweight champion Amanda Nunes.
Switzerland's upper house of Parliament has rejected an initiative championed by a right-wing populist party to ban burqas and niqabs, the face- and body-covering garments worn by Muslim women, which have become emblematic of cultural tensions in parts of Europe.
The Council of State voted 26-9 with four abstentions Thursday against the measure that passed the Swiss lower house in September by a single vote. The Italian-speaking Ticino region in southern Switzerland enacted a ban on burqas last year.
The issue strikes at the heart of Europe's struggle to integrate Muslims, and comes amid fears about radicalism in some corners. Burqas are body-covering garments with screens for the eyes, while niqabs have open slits for the eyes. France and Belgium have enacted similar bans.
Proponents say such face-covering should not be allowed for security reasons, and insist wearing the burqa harms women's rights.
Opponents say the measure is a not-so-veiled attack on Islam, insist that existing laws already do the job, and note that burqas are rarely seen in Switzerland. They have also argued that national legislators should try to stay out of the clothing closet.
The measure, led by Swiss People's Party lawmaker Walter Wobmann, would change the constitution to ban face-covering clothing in public. A campaign poster features silhouettes of a niqab-wearing woman and a masked man poised to throw a firebomb.
Anian Liebrand, a former youth leader in the People's Party, said that a movement called “Yes to a ban on face-covering” has collected over two-thirds of the 100,000 petition signatures needed by September for the issue to be put up for a referendum in coming years.
“We are convinced that the people are going to vote ‘yes' to this initiative,” he said. “We have done a lot of surveys as we have gathered signatures, and we are optimistic.”
Andrea Caroni, a libertarian lawmaker with the Free Democratic Party who opposes the measure, praised Thursday's “very clear decision,” but said a “real battle” looms once voters get their say.
“I don't want to have clothing regulation in my constitution,” Caroni said. He insisted the issue is “not relevant at all” in Switzerland, where about 5 percent of Switzerland's population of about 8.2 million people are Muslim.
“There have been no proven sightings of a real Afghan burqa — not a single one ... which makes the debate slightly absurd,” he said. As for the niqab, he added: “I think I've seen one in my whole life in Switzerland.”
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Partick Thistle 3-2 Motherwell
Partick Thistle survived a Motherwell comeback to close to within a point of Dundee at the foot of the Premiership with victory over Motherwell.
Blair Spittal whipped in a superb free-kick to score the first of three goals in 13 first-half minutes.
Ryan Edwards smashed in the second before Conor Sammon side-footed home, Miles Storey the provider for both.
But Ryan Bowman's header gave Well a lifeline and Craig Tanner's low shot produced a nervy finish.
Elliott Frear might have grabbed an equaliser but his low header was saved by Tomas Cerny.
Victory - on manager Alan Archibald's 40th birthday - was only Thistle's third of the season, while Motherwell remain sixth after a third straight defeat.
Archibald had demanded a reaction following an "unacceptable" display in Saturday's 5-1 defeat at Kilmarnock, and he got one.
Spittal made the most of the first opportunity in the 16th minute when Carl McHugh was adjudged to have fouled Storey on the corner of the box.
Motherwell goalkeeper Russell Griffiths took a step to his right but Spittal went the other way and the ball flew into the roof of the net.
Thistle doubled their lead six minutes later after Charles Dunne failed to cut out a ball down the left side of Motherwell's defence.
Storey played in Edwards, who fired high past Griffiths.
Conor Sammon scored his first goal of the season - in his 15th outing - to put Thistle 3-0 up
The visitors again presented Thistle with another goal after 28 minutes later when McHugh was robbed by Storey in the right-back position and he flicked the ball inside for Sammon, the on-loan Hearts striker slotting into the corner for his first goal for the club.
Wing-back Frear was Motherwell's one bright spark in the first half and he set up Dunne with a cross but the defender's header bounced wide.
Motherwell boss Stephen Robinson introduced Gael Bigirimana and Tanner at half-time and the second half produced a different story.
Bowman headed well wide from a good chance before Cedric Kipre headed home Tanner's free-kick.
But the goal was belatedly disallowed by referee Don Robertson after a chat with assistant referee Gary Hilland, who had not flagged. Dunne was penalised for offside after moving towards the goal-bound ball.
Elliott Frear might have snatched a late equaliser but his header was saved
Motherwell had their goal moments later when Cerny could not stop Bowman's header bouncing behind the line after Tanner's 56th-minute corner.
They continued to threaten from crosses and corners but Thistle weathered the storm.
Tanner reignited the game with 11 minutes left when he shimmied past two defenders and drilled home from 18 yards.
Storey curled just over on a breakaway but the Jags otherwise struggled to get out of their half, Cerny securing the points when he held Frear's stoppage-time header.
Post-match reaction:
Thistle boss Alan Archibald: "I was delighted with the first-half performance, we got the reaction we were looking for.
"We went a bit more direct and it worked. We had real energy and drive, and Martin Woods was key to that. Him going off probably didn't help.
"We knew what was coming in the second half; Motherwell have done that a couple of times this season. The boys were well warned, but they didn't get out the blocks.
"But I am delighted to get the win and the three points. It gets us back within touching distance with a chance of a real six-pointer at Dundee (on Saturday) now."
Motherwell manager Stephen Robinson: "If you make individual errors like we did in the first half, you are going to lose football matches, it is as simple as that.
"How the free-kick goes in for the first goal, I have got no idea. The second goal, we have good possession and give it away. The third one, Carl [McHugh] gets knocked off the ball.
"Bar Elliott Frear and the forwards, I could have taken them all off at half-time.
"We showed character in the second half and had goals disallowed, but if you give a team a 3-0 start, you are always going to be up against it."
Tigers left fielder Yoenis Cespedes, along with the Padres' Justin Upton, is the best power-hitting outfifelder likely to be traded. (Photo11: Anthony Gruppuso, USA TODAY Sports)
It's going to be awfully painful, and the Detroit Tigers sure hate to do this, but for the good of the organization, they simply have no choice.
The Tigers, barring a veto from owner Mike Ilitch, are going to surrender and be sellers within the next 10 days at the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline.
For the first time since 2008, the Tigers have no choice but to inform teams that two of their marquee commodities will be dealt by the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline.
The Tigers, according to several people inside and outside the organization familiar with their strategy, plan to put ace David Price and power-hitting outfielder Yoenis Cespedes on the trade market.
Yet, when contacted Monday, Tigers president and general manager Dave Dombrowski told USA TODAY Sports that no decision had been finalized.
Sure, they were 45-46 entering Monday night's game against the Seattle Mariners, the first time they'd been under .500 after the All-Star break since 2010. And they trail the Kansas City Royals by 10½ games, which will end their four-year reign as AL Central champs. Yet, while they might be on life support, the Tigers are 4½ games out of the second wild-card spot.
So they'll wait as long as they possibly can, Dombrowski said, knowing the players will ultimately decide their fate.
"At this point," Dombrowski said, "our focus is trying to win right now. We're trying to do everything we can to qualify for the playoffs. Things can turn dramatically over a 10-game period. But you have to play well, at some point, on a consistent basis.
"We're at a point where we have to do what's best in our heart for the franchise."
Considering that All-Star first baseman Miguel Cabrera is out at least another month, Justin Verlander is struggling (0-3, 6.62 ERA) and they have no reliable starter aside from Price, Dombrowski is left with no choice.
He's going to have to walk into Ilitch's office, let the beloved owner know that trading Price and Cespedes will help ensure that they don't morph into the Philadelphia Phillies of the American League and tell his peers the words they've waited to hear:
Gentlemen, start your dialing.
"We haven't been in this spot," Dombrowski said, "for a lengthy period of time. No question, it hasn't been in recent years."
Yes, you've got to go back to July 30, 2008, when the Tigers traded All-Star catcher Ivan Rodriguez to the New York Yankees for reliever Kyle Farnsworth.
Why, you look at every trade deadline since, and the Tigers have been buyers. From Jarrod Washburn and Aubrey Huff in 2009, to Jhonny Peralta in 2010, to pitchers Doug Fister in 2011 and Anibal Sanchez in 2012, to Price and closer Joakim Soria last year.
Now, after giving up pitcher Drew Smyly, center fielder Austin Jackson and shortstop prospect Willy Adames to get Price from the Tampa Bay Rays last year, they think they can get almost a similar return this year.
Sure, you have two months of Price, compared to 1½ years of control when the Tigers acquired him, but you also have the prized pitcher on a seller's market.
There are more than a dozen starting pitchers on the projected market, but in a survey of executives and scouts by USA TODAY Sports, Price was the unanimous No. 1 target. Johnny Cueto of the Cincinnati Reds and Cole Hamels of the Phillies were considered the next most valuable pitchers, followed by James Shields of the San Diego Padres, Jeff Samardzija of the Chicago White Sox, Mike Leake of the Reds, Scott Kazmir of the Oakland Athletics and Yovani Gallardo of the Texas Rangers.
Then, depending on your taste, you have Dan Haren and Mat Latos of the Miami Marlins, Kyle Lohse and Matt Garza of the Milwaukee Brewers, Ian Kennedy of the Padres and Aaron Harang of the Phillies.
All will be free agents at the end of the season except Hamels and Shields, and the Padres could decide to keep Shields. It would make the most sense for Hamels to land with the Los Angeles Dodgers, who have been overserved with prospects. The Dodgers would not only have Hamels for at least the next years at $73.5million, but it would provide protection if Cy Young Award favorite Zack Greinke exercised his opt-out clause and departed, voiding the remaining three years and $77 million on his contract.
Though David Price is likely on his way out of Detroit, a young core that includes third baseman Nick Castellanos ensures the Tigers won't need a total rebuild. (Photo11: Carlos Osorio, AP)
Yet, no matter what transpires over these next 10 days, or how many change-of-address cards are needed, rest assured, Dombrowski says, this will not be a tear-down and rebuilding operation. They plan to contend in 2016, and as long as Ilitch keeps wanting to write checks to get that World Series title, the Tigers will keep spending.
"We have more good young players than people think," Dombrowski said. "We have a core of good young position players that are really going to be good for a number of years."
Dombrowski rattled off five of their everyday position players, none older than 27. Cabrera has battled leg issues for the last three years, but he's considered the best pure hitter in the game at the age of 32. And if they need more pitching help, well, the free agent market will be loaded with starters.
"We're not thinking of rebuilding," says Dombrowski, whose team has won two pennants with one losing season since 2006, "but if we have to, it would be a case of regrouping."
Certainly, any remodeling can get kick-started with the prospects the Tigers could lure with 29-year-olds Price and Cespedes. Price, a five-time All-Star, not only is having the finest year of any starting pitcher on the trade market (9-3 with a 2.32 ERA and 127 strikeouts) but he brings postseason experience after thriving in the AL East in his days with the Rays. Oh yeah, and he just so happens to be one of baseball's finest role models.
Cespedes and Justin Upton of the Padres will be the premier power hitters on the free agent market. Cespedes entered Monday hitting .292 with 13 homers and 52 RBI and a league-leading 27 doubles and, although he could be playing for his fourth team in 12 months, is well-liked in the clubhouse.
It's unknown just how much long-term contract talks progressed with Price or if they ever started with Cespedes, but with free agency two months away, it's unlikely either fit in the Tigers' future. Cespedes, a Cuban refugee, could easily wind up with the Mets, who are starving for offense.
Price ultimately might fit best with the Chicago Cubs or St. Louis Cardinals, though maybe not now. In the survey of executives and scouts, the common belief was that neither would make a strong play for Price at the deadline. The Mets might make a small move, but will wait until this winter before acquiring a marquee bat. Simply, they said, that if the Cubs can acquire Price this winter simply by writing a fat check, why give away prized prospects, too?
The Toronto Blue Jays, who have the best offense in the land, could be the aggressive team, baseball's executives say, acquiring a pitcher like Samardzija or Cueto, along with closer Jonathan Papelbon of the Philadelphia Phillies. The Houston Astros smell playoff blood, so why not trade for a frontline starter? The San Francisco Giants have never been afraid to trade prospects for help. The White Sox are expected to trade only Samardzija, but if they want to move first baseman Adam LaRoche, the Pittsburgh Pirates and Cardinals are all ears.
And the Royals would love to acquire that ace for another October run.
The flurry of trade activity likely won't happen until baseball's lightning round, the final 12 hours before the 4 p.m. (ET) deadline on July 31, but in the meantime, Dombrowski might want to make sure his cell phone reception is working and that battery is fully charged.
He may become the homecoming king of the trade deadline.
He hasn't drummed for Iron Maiden since the early '80s, but Clive Burr is still in his former bandmates' thoughts. In fact, as bassist Steve Harris revealed during a recent interview, Burr has been the focus of some of Maiden's main fundraising efforts.
"We have been involved with stuff over the years," Harris shrugged when talking with Samaritan Mag about the band's charity work. A lot of people make a big publicity thing out of it and we don't, so I'd rather not say, [but] one of the things I can talk about because we started it off is our old drummer."
Explained Harris, "Clive has MS [multiple sclerosis], so we started The Clive Burr Trust. Another friend of mine also has got it. He's in a wheelchair. We went to school with him, my oldest friend since I was five years old, so we helped him, but we don't normally talk too much about it."
Aside from the Clive Burr Trust, which the band established in 2002, Burr has helped fund research and medical costs via Clive Aid, a concert series he's helped oversee since 2004.
"The fans know about it and they contribute to it, and every now and again we'll do a show and just donate all the money," Harris said of the Trust. "When we need to top it up, we do something."
As Samaritan Mag explains in the article, Burr has benefited greatly from the fund, receiving money that's helped him keep his house, travel for treatment, and pay for specialized equipment that allows him to remain mobile despite the effects of his disease -- and other acquaintances of the band who have MS, such as the longtime friend Harris referenced at the start of the interview, have also received help.
"Some of them get [MS] very mildly," explained Harris, "but unfortunately the friend I was talking about has it really really bad. He's in a wheelchair for a long time, and Clive is getting worse."
Watch Iron Maiden Perform 'Run to the Hills'
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Twelve people were killed on Monday in Syria, where a peace plan monitored by Arab observers has failed to douse a 10-month-old struggle between President Bashar al-Assad and his foes.
Arab foreign ministers meet on Sunday to discuss the future of the mission sent last month to check if Syria was abiding by the accord it accepted on November 2. The mission ends on Thursday but the monitors may extend their stay to January 22.
The Arab plan required Syria to halt the bloodshed, withdraw the military from cities, free detainees and hold a dialogue.
Hundreds of people have been reported killed in Syria even since the monitors deployed on December 26 as pro-Assad forces try to crush peaceful protests and armed resistance to his rule.
Random gunfire by pro-Assad militiamen killed five people, including a woman, and wounded nine in the restive city of Homs, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. A sniper later shot dead a 16-year-old girl there, it added.
It said five soldiers were killed when they tried to change sides during a clash with rebels in the northwestern province of Idlib, adding that 15 soldiers had succeeded in defecting.
The state news agency SANA said an “armed terrorist group” had shot dead Brigadier-General Mohammed Abdul-Hamid al-Awad and wounded his driver in the countryside near Damascus.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon reiterated a call for Assad to “stop killing, and listen to his people.”
During a visit to Abu Dhabi, he said: “I hope the U.N. Security Council handles Syria in a coherent manner and with a sense of gravity,” but did not recommend any specific action.
“The casualties have reached such an unacceptable stage we cannot let the situation continue this way,” Ban said.
The harsh response to the uprising by Assad's security forces has killed more than 5,000 people, by a U.N. count. The Syrian authorities say 2,000 members of the security forces have also been killed. The deaths of 32 civilians and soldiers were reported on Sunday.
The head of the Arab monitoring mission is due to report to an Arab League committee on Thursday before Arab foreign ministers gather on Sunday to consider their next step on Syria.
Adnan Khodeir, head of the monitoring mission's operations room, said the observers might stay in Syria until January 22 while waiting for the outcome of the foreign ministers' meeting. Their mission officially ends on Thursday.
Qatar, which heads the committee, has suggested Arab troops step in, an idea that is anathema to Damascus and which Arab nations such as Iraq, Lebanon and Algeria are likely to oppose.
The League could refer Syria to the Security Council if it concludes that its own peace effort has failed.
Supporters of Syria's President Bashar al-Assad wave Syrian flags and carry pictures of him as they write on what they said is the world's longest letter, in Damascus January 15, 2012. REUTERS/SANA/Handout
RUSSIA, CHINA OPPOSE ACTION
The council has been paralyzed so far because Russia and China oppose any resolution that could lead to U.N. sanctions or Western military action against Syria.
There is little Western appetite for any Libya-style intervention. The United States, the European Union, Turkey and the Arab League have announced economic sanctions against Syria.
On Sunday Assad proclaimed the latest of several amnesties for “crimes” committed during the uprising. Some prisoners were released the same day and more on Monday, activists said.
Mohamed Saleh, an activist in Homs, said about 185 people had been freed there, though some had been freed on bail and would still face trial. Many more were expected to be released.
Rami Abdelrahman, head of the Syrian Observatory, also said some activists had only been freed on bail. Many more were still held because the authorities had brought new, more serious charges against them that were not covered by the amnesty.
Kinan al-Shami, of the Syrian Revolution Coordination Union, said hundreds of detainees appeared to have been released, but they represented only a fraction of at least 40,000 people he said had been jailed without charge since March, many of whom have been held in secret police buildings or makeshift prisons.
The movement to end more than four decades of Assad family rule began with largely peaceful demonstrations, but after months of violence by the security forces, army deserters and insurgents started to fight back, prompting fears of civil war.
Assad, who retains the support of core military units, is backed by his own Alawite minority as well as some minority Christians and some majority Sunni Muslims who fear chaos, civil war and the rise of Islamist militancy if he is toppled.
The northern commercial city of Aleppo, like central parts of the capital Damascus, has mostly escaped the turmoil, but security forces stormed Aleppo University campus overnight in pursuit of students who staged an anti-Assad protest on Friday.
Slideshow (10 Images)
Activists said dozens of students were beaten in the raid, in which students belonging to a pro-Assad militia took part.
Aleppo residents say that big Sunni merchants in the city still support Assad and that the authorities have recruited Sunni tribesmen from the countryside to patrol the streets.
The president, 46, who appeared in public twice in as many days last week, is eager to show that his people love him.
SANA, the state news agency, reported on Sunday that a 10 km (six mile) long letter, which it billed as the world's longest, was being written and signed by Syrians across the country as a “message of loyalty to the homeland and its leader.”
Cup Runneth Empty: NASCAR Pitching Companies On Sponsoring "Premier Series"
As NASCAR says it is inching closer to landing a new title sponsor for its Cup Series, sources close to the talks said the organization has been pitching prospects on a deal without the word “Cup” in the new name. In at least some sales pitches, NASCAR has referred to the Cup Series as its “premier series” with no reference to the word “Cup,“ which would represent a notable brand change if it comes to fruition. Whether NASCAR had pitched any companies on a deal that would keep “Cup” included was unclear. NASCAR declined comment when asked about its sales process. NASCAR, which has yet to announce its new partner, has referred to its top series as the “(blank) Cup Series” since '71, with former partners being Winston, Nextel and Sprint. Sources in recent weeks have said Monster Energy is in advanced talks to replace Sprint, but the status of those talks could not be determined. If Monster landed the deal and “Cup” was dropped from the name, the new series would thus have a name along the lines of the “NASCAR Monster Series.” While the prospective change would avoid any conflict with the Monster Energy Supercross Series' existing Monster Cup event, sources said the motivation was giving whoever lands the new title sponsor a fresh start. The thought is that by dropping “Cup,” it would ensure the brand name is used more and the series is not simply referred to as “the Cup Series.” NASCAR may be looking to repeat the success of its secondary series, the Xfinity Series, which is frequently referred to as “Xfinity” for short. NASCAR's Champion's Week starts later this week in Las Vegas; whether the sanctioning body plans to announce a deal there was unclear as of presstime.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The science journal PNAS (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences) has published a Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill Special Feature taking a look back 20 months after the explosion that killed eleven people and upended countless lives along the Gulf Coast. Specifically at what happened, what we learned, and what could be done better the next time around. The introduction is authored by Jane Lubchenco, administrator of NOAA, and Marcia McNutt, director of the USGS, among others. They write about the unprecedented scientific and engineering challenges suddenly thrown down in an arena of chaos:*
[S]topping the flow of oil, estimating the amount of oil, capturing and recovering the oil, tracking and forecasting surface oil, protecting coastal and oceanic wildlife and habitat, managing fisheries, and protecting the safety of seafood. Disciplines involved included atmospheric, oceanographic, biogeochemical, ecological, health, biological, and chemical sciences, physics, geology, and mechanical and chemical engineering. Platforms ranged from satellites and planes to ships, buoys, gliders, and remotely operated vehicles to laboratories and computer simulations… Many valuable lessons were learned that should be applied to future events.
High on their wish list:
The importance of preparedness. The consequences of lack of investment in recent decades in scientific understanding and technological development were brutally obvious during BP's mess.
Preparedness means a better basic understanding of the places likely to be affected by a spill at the scale of ‘large marine ecosystems' such as the the Gulf of Mexico.
We need to mobilize funding for research fast during a spill, especially early on.
We need a better way for government to talk to the broadly-dispersed scientific community during a spill.
We need a new way for scientists to maintain intellectual property of their data so that it will still be considered publishable by journals later on, even as it's released so the media and public can know what's going on in as it happens.
Here's a quick look at the findings of a few of the other papers in the special feature.
This paper begins by noting that the biological consequences of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill are unknown especially for plants and animals that live year-round in areas that were oiled. The authors studied killifish—small dwellers of the coastal marshes of the Gulf coast—during the first four months of the spill. They found that fish living in oiled areas showed significant biological changes including genetic changes. The embryos and larval forms of killifish exposed to contaminated waters showed genetic changes of the type that lead to developmental abnormalities, decreased hatching success, and decreased survival. Overall the levels of biological and genetic changes in Gulf killifish in oiled waters were similar to what was seen in fish, sea otters, and harlequin ducks who initially survived the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska but who afterwards suffered population declines.
Andrew Whitehead, et al. Genomic and physiological footprint of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill on resident marsh fishes. PNAS 2012. doi:10.1073/pnas.1109545108
This paper assessed the impacts of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill on deep-water coral communities of the Gulf of Mexico. The authors examined 11 sites three to four months after the well was capped. They found healthy coral communities at all sites (map here) more than 12 miles / 20 kilometers from the Macondo well. But one site less than 7 miles / 11 kilometers away got walloped. The coral colonies there showed widespread signs of stress including: varying degrees of tissue loss; enlargement of sclerites (small bonelike supports); excess mucous production (think: snot); brittle stars (like the one wrapped around the coral sea fan in the photo above) that were bleached (think: stressed and unhealthy); and corals smothered with brown fluffy material called floc. Forty-three corals colonies were photographed at the contaminated site. About half of those colonies showed signs of stress in more than half the colony. A quarter of those colonies showed signs of stress in >90 percent of the colony. The brittle stars living commensally with the deep-water corals were hard hit too, with 53 percent displaying abnormal colors and/or attachment to the corals. Petroleum biomarkers in the floc bore the signature of oil from Deepwater Horizon. The authors write:
The presence of recently damaged and deceased corals beneath the path of a previously documented plume emanating from the Macondo well provides compelling evidence that the oil impacted deep-water ecosystems. Our findings underscore the unprecedented nature of the spill in terms of its magnitude, release at depth, and impact to deep-water ecosystems.
Helen K. White, et al. Impact of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill on a deep-water coral community in the Gulf of Mexico. PNAS 2012. doi:10.1073/pnas.1118029109
This paper reports on a wide range of gases and aerosols measured from aircraft around, downwind, and away from the Deepwater Horizon site, plus hydrocarbon measurements made from ships in the area. As you might guess air quality issues were different for workers at the site than for people living along the Gulf coast. Four sources of primary air pollutants attributable to the oil spill were detected including: hydrocarbons evaporating from the oil; smoke from deliberate burning of the oil slick; combustion products from the flaring of recovered natural gas; and ship emissions from the recovery and cleanup operations. Secondary organic aerosols that formed over the oil spill were dispersed in a wide plume which continued to increase in mass downwind, likely increasing aerosol particles in coastal communities. Hydrocarbons and ozone were also found downwind of the spill site though confined to narrower plumes.
Ann M. Middlebrook, et al. Air quality implications of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. PNAS 2012. doi:10.1073/pnas.1110052108
This paper and this one looked at the effects of the microbial communities in reponse to the sudden eruption of oil and gas into the surface and deep waters of the Gulf. The blowout fed a deep sea bacterial bloom that ate hydrocarbons, formed a localized low-oxygen (hypoxic) zone, and altered the microbiology of the region. Blooms of microbes arose in the plumes of oiled and gassed water, plumes which then sometimes cycled on currents back to the spill site now ready populated with microbes ready to eat more erupting oil and gas. This made for an efficient natural compost system. Since crude oil is composed of thousands of different hydrocarbon compounds that biodegrade at different rates in different depths and water temperatures, the erupted plumes were colonized by different species of microbes at different stages, depths, and ages. (Thanks microbes!)
TUKWILA, Wash. – Which MLS goalkeeper currently leads the league in saves, has four clean sheets in nine games and recently set a franchise record for consecutive minutes played?
If you guessed Seattle Sounders ‘keeper Stefan Frei, you would be correct.
Frei's progression last season from having his status as the starter come into question to becoming Seattle's undisputed No. 1 has been well-documented. But as the Sounders integrate three new starters into their backline this season, the 29-year-old has been entrusted with even more responsibility.
He has responded to the challenge, racking up 36 saves so far this year, including 10 in the Sounders' 3-2 loss Saturday to Columbus Crew SC – a result that would have been much more lopsided had Frei not denied a handful of additional good looks from Columbus.
Frei says it's just the next step as he tries to build on the strides he has made since the second half of last season.
“The moment you stop trying to get better, that's when people are going to catch up or surpass you, and that's when you run into trouble,” Frei told MLSsoccer.com. “I still have a long ways to go, I think.”
The strong start has come at a time when the Sounders have needed it the most.
Brad Evans has seemed more comfortable at center back in recent games after a few early-season miscues but is still learning a position that he's never played in MLS. Third-year left back Dylan Remick has been mostly solid in his six starts but is still inexperienced, starting consistently for the first time in his career. Right back Tyrone Mears, meanwhile, is also still acclimating to a new team and a new country after spending his entire professional career in England.
The new cast of characters has fared reasonably well considering their relative lack of familiarity with one another. But there have also been stretches of growing pains, particularly in Columbus where the Sounders conceded a whopping 25 shots.
Get more Seattle news at SoundersFC.com
“We all work together to try and get better as individuals, but also as a group,” Frei said of the chemistry of his new-look back four. “We try to help each other, and when we have to make an adjustment here or there everybody knows what's expected of them. We know we're fully confident in any player being able to perform the way he's supposed to.”
Frei's progression was put into perspective when, after shutting out the Portland Timbers in a 1-0 victory on April 26, he apologized to Schmid after he accidentally dropped the ball in his own penalty box and almost conceded an equalizer.
Schmid responded by telling his ‘keeper to think about his situation at the moment compared to where he was at this time last year.
“Stef came up to me after the game and said, ‘Sorry, I made that more exciting than it needed to be,” Schmid said. “And I said, ‘Just think back where you were a year ago, how far you've come.' I am just really happy for him because I think he is showing our fans here and people around the league the quality goalkeeper that he is.”
The task for Frei and the Seattle backline doesn't get any easier as they prepare for their matchup this weekend: A Cascadia Cup clash on the road against the Vancouver Whitecaps (7 pm ET; TSN1), who are currently tied with FC Dallas atop the league standings with 20 points and have proven to be lethal in transition, much in the same way Crew SC gave them trouble last weekend.
“[The Whitecaps] try and run you and try and get balls behind,” Schmid said. “They're also a dangerous team that wants to counter attack. Unlike Columbus, they'll sometimes give up possession to try and get that.”
Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin confirmed plans on Wednesday to consolidate Russia's space industry under a single state-controlled corporation within a year.
MOSCOW, September 4 (RIA Novosti) – Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin confirmed plans on Wednesday to consolidate Russia's space industry under a single state-controlled corporation within a year.
The United Rocket and Space Corporation, to be formed as a joint-stock company, will contain all organizations in the aerospace industry, with the exception of a few defense companies, he said. Plans for the restructuring were first announced in July.
Consolidation will help the government pursue a “unified technical policy” in the space sector as well as remove current redundancies and avoid potential ones, Rogozin said, adding that the new corporation would absorb 33 space organizations, including 16 enterprises.
Initially 100 percent controlled by the government, the corporation will undergo an initial public offering (IPO) after two or three years, the deputy prime minister said.
Russia's federal space agency, Roscosmos, will remain the corporation's controlling executive body. It plans to increase its personnel from 190 to 450 people.
The federal government should also take a controlling share in Rocket and Space Corporation Energia as part of the consolidation, Rogozin added.
The state currently has a 38 percent stake in Energia, which is the developer of the Soyuz and Progress spacecraft and one of the leading enterprises in Russia's space industry.
Russia's space sector has been plagued by complaints of inefficiency, lack of productivity and lack of oversight, following a string of rocket failures and satellite crashes over the last several years causing billions of rubles in losses.
Most recently, a Russian Proton-M rocket crashed shortly after takeoff in July, destroying the three satellites it was carrying for the Glonass navigation system, Russia's answer to the United States' Global Positioning System (GPS).
The Russian space industry's proposed consolidation, the government says, will help increase oversight and lower the accident rate.
Texas man sues after debt collector calls during visit to bathroom
For one Collin County man, the irritation of getting a cell phone call at an inopportune time apparently wasn't as bad as ending up missing it.
David E. Mack, who just missed two calls - one while he was in the bathroom and a second while he was on another phone getting ready for a conference call - decided to go to court when he learned the missed rings were from a debt collection agency.
Mack filed suit Sept. 19 against First Financial Asset Management, Inc., in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in Sherman.
Sherman is about 65 miles northeast of Dallas.
Mack alleges in his complaint that the Atlanta-based collection agency made calls to his cell phone with an automatic dialing system and failed to disclose who was calling, the complaint states.
On March 6, Mack said he got a call from First Financial Asset Management on his cell phone at 7:53 a.m., when he was in the bathroom. Despite rushing, he didn't make it to the phone in time.
"The call interrupted the plaintiff's personal activities in the bathroom and was harassing and abusive to the plaintiff because the calling party hung up before he was able to answer," the complaint states.
Five days later, on March 11, Mack got another call from the same number. This one came at 7:47 p.m., when he was on another phone preparing for a multi-party conference call, the complaint states.
Once again, he was unable to get to the wireless phone in time to answer it before the caller hung up, which he found harassing, abusive and disruptive, the complaint states.
On March 13, he called the number to see who was calling him and got a recorded message from First Financial Asset Management. According to the complaint, Mack was put on hold and eventually hung up without speaking to anyone.
Making the calls without Mack's consent was a violation of the Texas Business Code and the U.S. Constitution, the complaint states.
He is seeking damages of $1,000 for the constitutional violation and $2,000 for the violation of the Texas Business Code, as well as any attorney fees and costs.
Brad Templeton's Photography
How many pixels are there in a frame of 35mm film?
How many pixels are there in a frame of 35mm film?
(an FAQ on digital photography)
This is a somewhat controversial question, and there are many possible answers. Film is an analog medium, so it doesn't have "pixels" per se, though film scanners have pixels and a specific resolution.
When this article was written, the number was more than was found in typical digital cameras. Today most people agree that the top digital cameras, like the Canon 5D Mark II, are superior. Even those who give film a modest edge will agree that the superb flexibility, convenience and high ISO range of the digitals makes them the winner.
The very short answer is that there are around 20 million "quality" pixels in a top-quality 35mm shot. That's a shot with a tripod, mirror-up, with a top-rate lens and the finest-grained film, in decent light. 12 million are more typical for "good" shots. There may be as few as 4 million "quality" pixels in a handheld shot with a point-and-shoot camera or camera with a poor lens. And of course if focus is poor, or light is poor, or the camera was not held steady, the number will drop down below the 1-2 million pixels of the modern consumer digicam. Of course, one can have a bad shot with a digital camera too, not using all its resolving ability. However, few pick their gear with the plan of shooting badly.
The eye, however, is not as discerning when looking at a picture in the usual context as it can be when looking at things blown up. So many can also argue that a shot of around 9 million pixels would look as good to the eye as a 35mm shot, except when blown up very large and looked at quite closely.
It's important to note another key difference. Film, as an analog medium, does not record just 256 grayscales or the corresponding 16 million colours. And film scanners, even doing just 8 bits per colour, get 24 bits of data for every single pixel. Today's digital cameras only get 8-12 bits of data for each pixel and they guess (interpolate) the other 16. So the colour accuracy for even a scanned film image is better than the modern digital camera. Good film scanners can also extract more than just levels from 0 to 255. They can often go to 12 bits (0 to 4097) to detect much more detail in shadows, and provide more contrast. As such a film scanner gets as much as 36 bits of information for each pixel, instead of 8.
More modern digital cameras gather 10 or even 12 bits of the single colour pixel, and keep it if they record in RAW mode, but reduce it in JPEG mode. Foveon digital cameras record all 3 colours per pixel, like film, but their sensors have lower resolution as of now.
As a counter note, the 24 bits of colour from a film scanner, while better than the 8 to 12 bits per sample of a bayer-interpolated digital camera, is nowhere near near 3 times as good as some pretend. The interpolation algorithms are good, and rely on the fact that to the eye, particularly in natural scenes, position-brightness information is much more important than colour information. How much better full colour information is is subjective, but it's not even close to 3 times better. On the other hand, even the 36 bits from the best scanner is not enough. The film has more information.
Negative film itself tends to be able to hold around 1000 to 1 contrast range. Quality slide film projects more levels, though over a slightly narrower exposure range. (To make this clearer, negative films capture a wider range but can't display it when printed. Slide films capture a more narrow range, just a bit better than digital, but can display it all when projected.) Generally one desires at least 12 bits per colour to represent it. Your eye, by widening and closing the iris, can sample an astounding (eye-popping!) 7 decimal orders of magnitude of range of contrast, which would need at least 24 bits.
So there is a lot of information in film. However, not all of it is usable information, which causes the debate about the equivalence in pixels. Film is made up of chemical grains or dye clouds. The more you blow up film, the more you start seeing noise caused by those grains, and eventually the very clumping of the grains themselves. Of course some are bothered by the grain more than others.
The finest films (which are slow and best with sunlight or flash) have very fine grain, and in many cases, the limits of the lenses blur the image before the grains start causing too much trouble. However with a decent lens you don't have to blow up too much before you see the grain. The better digital cameras are also starting to exceed the quality of most zooms and even some prime lenses.
These films, with good lenses, are capable of resolving as much as 7000 pixels (3500 "line pairs") over the width of a 35mm frame -- about 5000 dots per inch. However, before that point, while they can resolve "line pairs," the image is pretty noisy. The lines are not resolved as straight, sharp-edged entities, but you can tell there is a white line next to a black line.
There is more information to be extracted even at this fine resolution, but the deeper you go, the more noise you also extract.
To make the image not look "grainy" and otherwise poor, you need to pull back. Subjective tests suggest this is to about 4000 DPI, or around 5600 pixels. For a 3:2 frame, that means around 20 million pixels. (Of course some people don't mind grain as much as others, so your mileage may vary. Also, if you can get a scan that good, digital techniques can reduce the visibility of grain and extend the resolution of film.)
Down at this level, however, you're reaching the limits of most lenses. They may be able to resolve high-contrast items at this level but most pixels are a little blurry. A crop at this level does not look nearly as good as a scaled down full shot.
What this means is that a 5300 x 4000 digital camera can produce a shot equivalent to a scan from a quality 35mm camera -- provided you could get more than 8 bits per pixel. You could blow up the 35mm shot a little bit more and see a little bit more, but only at the cost of producing a grainy image. Chances are a 3000 x 2000 digital camera would match the 35mm for a good percentage of shots.
Prints
Prints also are analog output. In theory a print can have all the information of film, however photographic paper tends to only be able to hold a range of 100 to 1 in contrast. That's less than a monitor can. In addition, the printing process is not perfect, and often blurs an image. Typical lab prints don't seem to store much more than 200-250 pixels for each inch. Quality labs can do better -- perhaps up to 500 pixels/inch. (The paper can, in theory, do more, but there isn't that much more in the negative.) Thus a 5x7 print probably is similar to a 1400 x 1000 digital image (if the digital image has enough bits per pixel.) It's rarely more than the 2100 x 1500 that 300 dpi would imply.
It's always better to scan from print film or slide film. You get far more contrast, and far more detail, and it's not second generation. (Though be warned some slide scanners are not up to the range of contrast in a good slide.)
Digital Printing
Makers of digital printers play lots of games with their resolution. The "dots" they speak of (when they talk about a 720 dpi resolution) are dots of single colour ink. A pixel, on the other hand, is a dot capable of the full colour range. You need lots of dots to make a specific colour and not look spotty. To render a pixel well can require scores of ink dots. In the end, the goal is a "continuous tone" image at a given number of pixels per inch. Most printers can only simulate continuous or near-continuous tone. (Digital film recorders, or photographic paper recorders, can do near-continuous tone.)
Getting the scan
Today, high-end digital SLRS commonly have over 20 megapixels. Serious shooters are preferring them to film. First of all, the resolution is pretty similar to film at its best, and secondly getting everything out of film requires a lot of work with a very good scanner.
Scanning is hard work. One must deal with dust and fingerprints. It takes a lot of time. And it adds another generation to the process, dependent on the optics and scanning elements of the scanner.
Pixel-Mania
Today in digital cameras, marketing departments have created a bit of pixel-mania. They are working too hard at increasing the number of megapixels they can advertise without always caring about the quality of the pixels. A small point and shoot with 8 megapixels is probably a lot worse than the old 6 megapixel canon D60 -- it may even be worse due to noise that the 3 megapixel D30. Resolution is important but not the only thing.
What would you rather shoot on?
The real question of course is "which do you want to shoot on?" When considering the quality DSLRs from Canon or Nikon, most people switched to preferring the images from the 8 megapixel models compared to 35mm film, and very few are unsatisfied with the 20 megapixel models. In fact, they are competing in some minds with medium format shooting.
Can they get a better shot with a 120 chrome than an 20MP DSLR? Probably, but only by a modest amount. But the DSLR is just so much easier to work with, and so much more flexible that when the final goal is digital (as it almost always is today) the choice for these photographers is not very hard.
Other Issues
You may want to look at my set of 35mm photos current digital cameras can't shoot.
You can read about the tradeoffs between digital and 35mm.
Check out my pages of Panoramic Photography, the marriage of digital and film.
If you have bought a new Canon DSLR, check my page on what lenses to get for a DSLR or what camera to buy at all.
Spoilers courtesy of B.P., who attended tonight's tapings from the Impact Zone in Orlando, FL:
Tara defeated Velvet Sky to retain the TNA Knockouts championship after Jessie Godderz interfered.
Zema Ion and Kenny King defeated Christian York and Rob Van Dam after Ion pinned York
Taz spoke about his decision to join the Aces & 8s.
Bobby Roode defeated Hernandez after Aries interfered.
Kurt Angle came to the ring and called out Mr Anderson. Angle challenged Anderson to a steel cage match. Anderson accepted and the match is set for next week.
Joseph Park came down to the ring and announced that he will challenge someone at Open Fight Night next week.
Sting confronted Hulk Hogan in the ring along with Bully Ray. They spoke about the Aces and 8's attack and Sting urged Hogan to lift Bully's suspension.
Jeff Hardy defeated Christopher Daniels. Kazarian tried to interfere but Hardy countered and hit the twist of fate and swanton on Daniels. Taz comes down the ramp and cut a promo on Hardy. Aces & 8's then attacked Hardy, who then needed to be helped to the back.
Source: TNAInsider.com
It's still broken on some single-monitor systems
Some machines have display corruption. There are writes to freed memory. To be fair, some of the behaviour that's been seen has been down to underlying bugs in the Xorg drivers that were never triggered under normal use but are hit by XMir. Others are down to implicit assumptions made in the drivers that XMir happens to violate. The problem is that there doesn't appear to have been enough room in the schedule to deal with these interactions, presumably because nobody accounted for the inevitable "This thing we thought would be easy turns out to be difficult" part of the project.
The input driver bug still isn't really fixed
I've mentioned this bug before. It's now marked "Fix released" which is kind of true but not really. Mir now tells XMir that the VT is changing before the VT is changed, but it doesn't wait for that to complete before switching the VTs. Until XMir is scheduled and runs, it's still receiving input events. In most circumstances that window is small, so there's no real risk of triggering it accidentally.
There's one corner case where it might still cause problems. Simply running isn't enough - XMir has to make progress through its event loop. That'll only happen if the X server is processing its wakeup events, and it's possible to effectively stall that by submitting a sufficiently awkward drawing request to the server. The X server will appear to freeze, and if the user then attempts to work out what's going on by switching to a VT and logging in, those input events will still be going to XMir. It's left as an exercise to the reader to construct ways to take advantage of this.
This can't happen in Xorg because the VT switch is blocked until the input devices have been released. Mir could have done the same, but doesn't because of a conscious design decision - in the Ubuntu Phone world, clients stop doing things when they're told to. Ubuntu Desktop is expected to behave the same way.
This is an unfortunate situation to be in. Ubuntu Desktop was told that they were switching to XMir, but Mir development seems to be driven primarily by the needs of Ubuntu Phone. XMir has to do things that no other Mir client will ever cope with, and unless Mir development takes that into account it's inevitably going to suffer breakage like this. Canonical management needs to resolve this if there's any hope of ever shipping XMir as the default desktop environment.
It's still missing features
XMir doesn't support colour profiles. XRandR properties aren't exposed, so there's no way to control TV output encoding or overscan. There's still no hardware cursor support. Switching to XMir now would reduce functionality without providing any user-visible gain.
XMir's been delayed from Ubuntu 13.10 . The stated reason is that multi-monitor support isn't sufficiently reliable. That's true, but it's far from the only problem that XMir still has:It's clear that XMir has turned into a larger project than Canonical had originally anticipated, but that's hardly surprising. There's only one developer with previous X experience working on it full-time, and the announced schedule provided no opportunity to deal with unexpected problems. As if that weren't enough, there's obvious conflict between Ubuntu Desktop and Ubuntu Phone when it comes to developer time and required functionality. The one hardware vendor who's willing to take a public stand has demonstrated that they have no interest in supporting XMir , despite Canonical assuring people that they were already engaging in productive negotiations with GPU manufacturers.Multiple monitor support may be the single most obvious feature where XMir is lacking, but it's not the only one. Technically and politically, this code is a long way from being ready for prime time. Without significant community contribution, Canonical need to focus on prioritising it appropriately rather than expecting a tiny number of developers to perform miracles. Or, alternatively, they could just drop XMir entirely and focus on Unity 8.
Cricket Australia is intent on hosting two day/night Tests in 2016-17 © Getty Images
Perth is in the frame to hold the opening Test of summer for the first time in more than 20 years as Cricket Australia moves towards dual day/night Tests for 2016-17, one each against South Africa and Pakistan.
Brisbane has hosted the first Test of the season every year since 1994, but ESPNcricinfo understands that the shunting of the Gabba match to the middle of the programme is a scenario CA has discussed with Queensland Cricket in order to allow for a day/night Test in Brisbane. A report in the Sydney Morning Herald has indicated an announcement to this effect may be imminent.
Adelaide was always likely to host a floodlit third Test against South Africa following the standout success of the inaugural day/night match played against New Zealand last summer, but CA were left with a conundrum about how to make room for a second pink ball fixture against Pakistan. The PCB have confirmed their agreement to play a day/night Test following approval of the move by their cricket committee.
The answer appears to be by swapping the Brisbane and Perth matches in the calendar. This allows the WACA Ground to host the opening South Africa match in a television friendly time slot for the eastern states before the Gabba greets the Pakistani touring side for the first match of their series ahead of the showpiece holiday fixtures over Christmas/New Year in Melbourne and Sydney. Brisbane has taken some pride in hosting the first Test, and is likely to do so again in 2017-18 during the next Ashes series.
Hobart appears likely to host the second South Africa Test, granting Tasmania an opportunity for a higher profile five-day match and draw better crowds than witnessed the most recent two matches against West Indies last summer and Sri Lanka in 2012.
South Africa had been slated to play four Tests against Australia next summer according to a bilateral agreement between the two countries, but the CA chief executive James Sutherland flagged some months ago that the board had decided against scheduling any more than six home Tests.
Daniel Brettig is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo. @danbrettig
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Vasco Da Gama-Patna Express derails: In yet another instance of train derailment, three people were killed and 9 persons injured as 13 coaches of Vasco Da Gama-Patna Express on Friday went off the track in Uttar Pradesh's Banda. (ANI image)
Vasco Da Gama-Patna Express derails: In yet another instance of train derailment, three people were killed and 9 persons injured as 13 coaches of Vasco Da Gama-Patna Express on Friday went off the track in Uttar Pradesh's Banda, according to reports. The train was travelling from Goa to Patna. UP ADG(law and order) said that prima facie the cause of accident looks like fractured Railway track as per local assessment, the report says. “We have setup helpline numbers, rescue and relief operations are underway,” Indian Railways PRO Anil Saxena said. Railway Minister Piyush Goyal has announced ex-gratia compensation of Rs 5 lakh each to kin of dead in Vasco Da Gama-Patna express derailment, Rs 1 lakh for those with grevious injuries.
The Patna-bound train derailed at 4:18 am, less than 12 hours after a bolero had collided with a passenger train near Lucknow killing four and injuring two. “The injured have been rushed to the hospital and officials have left for the spot. Relief operations are underway,” North Central Railway PRO Amit Malviya said. He further said that soon after the accident, a medical train reached the spot and by 5:20 am, an accident relief train was dispatched for the spot. The divisional railway manager (DRM), Allahabad has already reached the spot while the General Manager, NCR is on his way, he said. While no deaths were confirmed by the railways, reports say multiple fatalities cannot be ruled out.
“Immediate rescue and relief operations started and an inquiry ordered into the derailment of Vasco De Gama-Patna Express at Manikpur, UP. My sincere condolences to the families of the deceased”, Goyal tweeted. The Railway Minister has also ordered an inquiry by the Commissioner Railway Safety and directed Chairman Railway Board Ashwani Lohani, who is in the state, to rush to the site.
Meanwhile, 14 bogies of a coal laden goods train derailed near Jagatsinghpur in Odisha.
Meanwhile, four people were killed and two others injured when a train hit their vehicle at an unmanned level crossing near Amethi yesterday, the police said.
The vehicle, a bolero, carrying a marriage party, was hit by the local train at 0719 HRS at Matha Bhusunda village under Musafirkhana police station, station house officer Ram Raghav Singh said.
All the occupants were in the vehicle and the two injured have been hospitalised, CPRO northern railway Nitin Chowdhary said.
The engine of the train and cattle guard, which suffered damage, was being replaced, he said.
The section has been cleared and no trains have been affected, Chowdhary said.
Watch this shocking video
#BREAKING | Vasco Da Gama Express derails in Chitrakoot, UP; 2 casualties reported; 8 injured pic.twitter.com/Rbkff43Fkt — News18 (@CNNnews18) November 24, 2017
The Divisional Railway Manager and the Additional Divisional Railway Manager are monitoring the situation, he said.
Last night Comedy Central's The Colbert Report returned to the topic of weed, this time interviewing cocaine and pill addict, and former congressman Patrick Kennedy.
When asked why Kennedy opposed reforming pot laws he said, “I don't like Big Business,” then he straight up lied about how free joints are available when you buy a lift ticket at a ski resort. (Come on. No ski resort would ever do that.)
Kennedy is in favor of fines and mandatory rehab for persons found with pot, he said. Incongruently, Kennedy also said that legal marijuana in non-smokable edible form probably would have prevented his slide into cocaine and pill addiction, which led to his “arrest and humiliation”.
“I might have stopped with pot. … I had ashtma so I moved onto other things to get high. … Oxycodone felt really good.”
When Colbert says crazy things, it's satire. But when Kennedy says them, it's just sad.
Hello. My name is Chris Volion. Prepare to die.
Wait-- that's not right. Let me explain.
[pause]
No, there is too much. Let me sum up:
My name is Chris Volion and I am an illustrator who paused his artistic ambitions for a Very Responsible Career, much as Rip van Winkle stopped to take a Very Short Nap. Twenty years later, I'm waking up from the soporific lure of the rat race and stepping out as an artist once again!
My goal is this: It is time to Kickstart my career!
Since July 2014, my creative time has basically been a second job, putting in the time and effort needed to produce a number of illustrations and to establish my online store at http://gvw.ink. Go there and take a look at some of what I've done. I'll wait.
Pretty nice, yeah? As I write this, one of my illustrations has already placed and won an award at a juried exhibition, another work has been accepted for another show, I'm represented by a local gallery, I'm up to my ears in commission work for album art and tattoo designs, and I'm producing and shipping prints all over the world!
So I'm thinking: if I can do all of this while still working a full-time job, what could I do if I made art my full-time job?
Rime of the Pirate King!
I've always loved the theme of pirates, what with the swords and swearing, salt water and superstitions. They are so easily over-the-top that it was an easy decision to illustrate this concept I've had for a long-dead Pirate King!
Rime can be defined as either a hoarfrost (as would form when sailing wintery oceans) or an archaic spelling of the word rhyme. While there's not an actual poem, per se, the drawing itself contains a hidden wealth of images that tell the tale of the Pirate King. If an image is worth a thousand words, this particular one is worth tenfold!
I drew inspiration for this work from many different places ranging from movies to games to vintage engraving and even crustaceans, as well as from the works of those artists past and present who continue to inspire me. This illustration draws upon the swirling maelstrom of pirate-related imagery and wordplay trapped away in the recesses of memory and imagination.
It is my hope that this illustration provides no end of pleasure for my patrons as they view it, seeking to discover every secret that lies deep within the inky blackness!
Why $1,313.00?
I've already drawn the illustration, I've been responsible and have paid for my computer and hardware and have no costs involved with making these prints other than the inks and materials required to start making prints.
So in so many words... $1,313.00 seemed to be a doable goal without looking pathetically low or unambitious, PLUS it's totally a nod to the Munsters (who had a brush with pirate treasure in Season 2 Episode 14)!
Let's make this thing a success early on and make some friggin' art already! Let's make some stretch goals and turn this into a ridiculous 30-day art party where we all look back and laugh at that paltry goal!
Why Kickstarter?
Artists have historically relied on the patronage of people just like you to purchase their work and services in order to make a living doing what they do best. To get more patrons, you have to be visible!
The internet and social media are a very big part of how I've already met with such good success in such a short time. I'm very active on Instagram and Facebook (and Ello and Twitter to a lesser degree). I've even been listed at notcot.org, as well as sundry other sites, the sum of which has brought many patrons to my digital doorstep.
But why stop there?
Simply put: Kickstarter is the next step in getting my body of work seen by a growing audience of fans and patrons.
What's In It For Backers?
This Kickstarter-only edition will be the only opportunity to get signed-and-numbered prints at this price-- not to mention that no other prints will ever bear the unique KS-Edition mark. That already sends the potential collectibility through the roof! Plus there's the potential for exclusive stretch goals, etc... This is simply the best opportunity to grab a print and some crazy stretch-goal loot!
Here's a preview of what you'll get at the various Reward Levels (all photos are of artistic proofs - the final prints may differ slightly):
SHOW ME THE BOOTY! 8.5" x 11" Mini-print
8.5" x 11" Mini-print
HERE THERE BE MERMAIDS! A 13" x 19" Full-sized print (the Kickstarter-exclusive wax seal is placement-only as my stamp is not yet complete):
Full-sized print
SWEET GOLDEN BOOTY! Limited edition of 21 Kickstarter-exclusive 24-karat gold gilded prints:
24-karat gold leafs applied to full-sized print
DAVY JONES'S LOCKER! Artist's Proofs and original concept sketches used for the project:
Would you say there's a plethora?
RULER OF THE SEVEN SEAS! Original artwork (not yet framed, see reward details):
Original artwork
The Product
Did I mention that I produce the prints myself? This is not a pile of prints that were run off at Bubba's Oil Change & Print Shoppe between a stack of Pho House flyers and a run of cereal boxes. Instead, every single print is produced under my roof on my own printer with the highest quality 340gsm 100% cotton fine art papers (it's actually too thick to roll and has to ship flat) and Epson DuraBrite Ultra pigmented inks that are rated over 100 years durability*. Every. Single. Print.
*Under optimal conditions. Frame it under UV glass and keep it out of direct sunlight for crying out loud! Your mileage may vary.
More options: Share, Mark as favorite
Native Americans have poverty rates well above the national average and suffer high rates of crime, alcohol abuse, and suicide. Has misguided federal policy contributed to the poverty of Native Americans?
Join AEI for a discussion of a new book by Naomi Schaefer Riley, “The New Trail of Tears: How Washington Is Destroying American Indians” (Encounter Books, 2016), which examines these challenges and proposes a new approach. After a presentation of her findings, experts will offer their comments and reactions.
Join the conversation on social media with @AEI on Twitter and Facebook.
If you are unable to attend, we welcome you to watch the event live on this page. Full video will be posted within 24 hours.
Agenda 11:30 AM
Registration and lunch 12:00 PM
Welcome:
Robert Doar, AEI 12:05 PM
Remarks:
Naomi Schaefer Riley, New York Post 12:25 PM
Panel discussion Participants:
Rob Bishop, Chairman of the House Committee on Natural Resources (R-UT)
Chris Edwards, Cato Institute
Keith Moore, Bureau of Indian Education (former)
Naomi Schaefer Riley, New York Post Moderator:
Robert Doar, AEI 1:10 PM
Q&A 1:30 PM
Adjournment
House Unearths a 14th Forged Letter from a Lobbyist
By David A. Fahrenthold
Congressional investigators today said they have turned up a 14th forged letter that was sent to a Congressional office criticizing the House's climate change bill, this one appearing to come from an American Legion post in Rocky Mount, Va.
The letter, sent to the office of Rep. Tom Perriello (D-Va.), asks Perriello to "make sure the Waxman-Markey bill includes provisions to promote American energy independence, while protecting already cash-strapped constituents from increases in electricity prices." It concludes, "Thank you for listening to concerns of vets in your district."
But the letter actually appears to have been faked by a Washington lobbying firm working for the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, a Congressional spokesman said today. The lobbying firm, Bonner and Associates, has conceded that an employee forged letters to three Congressional offices, including Perriello's, in the run-up to a vote on the climate bill. That employee has been fired, the firm said.
"We have confirmed [that the letter is fake] directly with the person whose name was forged," said Eben Burnham-Snyder, a spokesman for the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming, which is investigating the forgeries. The committee is chaired by Rep. Edward J. Markey (D-Mass.), who along with Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.), sponsored the bill. It passed the House in June, with Perriello voting yes.
Lisa Camooso Miller, a spokeswoman for the coal group, said that it had brought the letter to the committee's attention in the first place, after an internal investigation could not confirm it was legitimate. But she said the group is still not certain the letter is fake, even after talking to the person whose signature is on it.
"At the end of that conversation, it was unclear whether the letter was in fact false," Miller said. She reiterated that the coal group finds the forgeries "inexcusable."
"This type of misrepresentation has no place in any policy debate," Miller said.
A message left for an official with the Rocky Mount American Legion Post, Charles Santrock, was not immediately returned.
October 18, 2017 — Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal reposted from Left Voice — In this interview, historiantalks about Blanqui, his life and politics, and more. His new book, Communist Insurgent: Blanqui's Politics of Revolution , will be out next month.
Even though I have two degrees in history, my interest in Blanqui did not develop from academic pursuits. In fact, I barely studied Blanqui when I was in school. I knew his name and a rough biography, but that was all. Rather, my interest in Blanqui occurred after active political involvement during the Occupy Movement in 2011-2012. Even though I considered myself a communist, I never had been really involved politically. Suddenly, I was in the middle of Occupy Boston as an active participant as a filmmaker, journalist, speaker, marcher, etc. Since this was my first real taste of political action, I had hopes that Occupy would go much further politically and bring on the revolution. I realize in retrospect that that was naïve, but I don't regret those feelings or acting revolutionary in that moment, better to do that than to accept the confines of what the bourgeoisie consider “possible.”
Naturally, Occupy fizzled out and the big moment didn't come. This left me with a number of questions: had this movement been in vain? How do you act and live as a revolutionary in a non-revolutionary moment? To answer these questions, I turned to the field I knew best: history. After some searching, I discovered the French revolutionary tradition, particularly Gracchus Babeuf. Babeuf was the first modern communist, active during the 1790s after the overthrow of Robespierre and the high-tide of revolution and reaction was setting in. However, Babeuf took communism out of the realm of speculation and made it into a political movement that struggled for power. As we now know, there was no way for Babeuf's movement to win. What impressed me about Babeuf is that he pushed an event as far as it would go and pushed the boundaries of the impossible. Despite his failure, he accomplished a great deal and left a great legacy for future socialists and communists to carry on.
After writing a long essay on Babeuf, I realized that I had only touched on the beginning of the French revolutionary tradition and the next logical step was Louis-Auguste Blanqui. Blanqui was the most famous and prominent communist in France during the nineteenth century. [Blanqui] spent decades in prison for organizing revolutionary conspiracies to create a socialist republic. After several months of research, I began writing. I originally planned to write just an essay on Blanqui, since I reasoned that there couldn't be much of a story on someone who spent half their life in prison. In the process of writing this essay, two things happened. One: I realized that I had a lot more material than an essay, but was writing a book. The second thing that happened is that I fell in love with Blanqui. Originally, I dismissed him as just an elitist conspirator.
Blanqui had his faults and limitations, but he got more than a few things right. He recognized that you don't appeal to the ruling class, you fight them. For him, there was no reconciling the interests of the oppressed and the oppressors. Although his chosen road to power by a coup d'etat was wrong, he gave serious thought of the strategies and tactics needed for an insurrection to conquer power – something both Lenin and Trotsky acknowledged of Blanqui. And there is something else about Blanqui, despite every defeat and imprisonment, — he never gave up but remained courageous in his commitment, dedication, and fidelity to the communist ideal. To me, that made Blanqui's story one that was worth telling.
One of Blanqui's nicknames is “L'Enfermé,” which means “the imprisoned one.” So his existence was practically synonymous with prison. From 1830 to almost the end of his life in 1881, Blanqui organized underground organizations with the stated intention of overthrowing the existing French state. This naturally placed him in direct conflict with the powers that be, who considered him an enemy. For Blanqui, the feeling was mutual. When Blanqui's coups failed, as they always did, he was caught and thrown in jail for armed insurrection and treason.
There was a long tradition on the French republican and revolutionary left of turning the tables on the accusers that Blanqui excelled at. When Blanqui was placed on trial in 1832, he used the courtroom as a tribune to declare war on the ruling class on behalf of the proletariat. As he said: “I am accused of having told thirty million French people, proletarians like me, that they had the right to live. If that is a crime, then it seems to me at least that I should only respond to those who are not parties to the very question they are judging.”
His time in prison is pretty much what you would expect. French prisons in the nineteenth century possessed terrible conditions and his health nearly shattered several times. He organized with the prisoners and had family on the outside who helped smuggle him information or tools to escape.
Perhaps the most touching story for me occurred in 1844, after Blanqui spent several years in the notorious prison of Mont-Saint-Michel and near his death. The Orleanist Monarchy feared that the death of one of their most vocal opponents would create a martyr, so to prevent that, Blanqui was pardoned. However, Blanqui refused the pardon and said he preferred the solidarity of his inmates. He was granted a pardon and recovered, but remained under police surveillance until 1848. I think the remarkable thing about this story is that it shows you the type of man he was. He refused to compromise his revolutionary principles to the very end. It's no accident that Marx said Blanqui was “the brains and inspiration of the proletarian party in France."
They're largely true. Without getting into specifics, Blanqui did see the ideal of revolutionary organization as represented by a hierarchical organization composed of trained and dedicated cadre ready to strike on the appointed day. Blanqui inherited this conception from other underground anti-Bourbon and republican groups such as the Carbonari. Blanqui perfected this mode of organization throughout his long career.
However, I think it's important to ask another question: what was the alternative for him? It's true that Blanqui did not organize mass or democratic proletarian parties like those of the later French Marxists. The simple reason is that the working class was still in embryo in France and those type of organizations were forming at the end of his life.
Blanqui lived under several different monarchies or dictatorships who did not tolerate any form of dissent and protected the interests of aristocrats. While he did engage in open agitation, it was only briefly and brought arrest. When Blanqui said “The state is the gendarmerie of the rich against the poor” he was not exaggerating. Open agitation for reform, let alone a socialist republic, would lead to long terms in prison if not execution. If Blanqui wanted to be a political activist, he had to operate underground if only to ensure organizational survival. Blanqui did not establish links with the people because doing so could have fatally compromised the movement by allowing the police to identify and round up revolutionaries. It was better in his conception for revolutionaries to stay hidden until the day came to strike.
Blanqui did not live in an era with limited democratic freedoms. He did not see a republic in France until he was 43 years old. In 1848, Blanqui did use the freedom offered under the Second and Third Republics to form democratic organizations, holding open meetings, printing newspapers, running candidates, etc. Still, Blanqui did not forget that even a republic, unless it was controlled by the workers, served only the bourgeoisie and all freedoms gained remained under threat. In 1848, he warned the people of the threat of counterrevolution. He turned out to be right about that considering that the workers of Paris were massacred during the infamous June Days and the subsequent rise of Louis-Napoleon and the Second Empire.
In the First Words of Common Sense: A Closer Look At Blanquism, I discussed a great a deal of the merits of Blanquist military strategy and tactics. I will say that Blanqui was an expert at street fighting: he knew the importance of learning the terrain of battle; how and where to place barricades; and how to organize the people. He gave detailed instructions on barricade construction and knew the importance of taking key strategic installations and even set up a new provisional revolutionary government. All of Blanqui's tactics were studied closely by revolutionaries, such as Connolly, Lenin, and Trotsky.
However, Blanqui was not very adept at strategy and theory. Blanqui believed that the success of the revolutionaries depended solely on the perfect development of a conspiratorial organization. So it was largely a technical question for Blanqui. He had no theory, such as Marxism, to provide detailed study of the objective factors needed for revolutionary success or to identify allies, plan strategy, and decide when conditions had grown ripe for revolution. His conspiracy was cut off from the working class by design, so they had no role to play in their own liberation.
Basically, everything that Blanqui got wrong; Lenin, Trotsky, and the Bolsheviks got right. They had a revolutionary party that championed the demands of the workers and peasants to win a majority for socialism. The Bolsheviks used Marxist theory to understand the objective conditions and when the best moment came to take power. I won't say much more on the supposed connection between Blanquism and Leninism, except to say that I have written on it elsewhere (here) — and that if the Bolshevik Revolution was actually Blanquist, it would have failed.
Before answering, I want to briefly state a few of the similarities between the two. Both Blanquism and Marxism are products of the Enlightenment and strive to fulfill the promises of the French Revolution. Although, Blanqui was a more eighteenth century rationalist influenced by Holbach and Diderot, whereas Marxism's philosophy derived its roots from Hegel and his dialectic. Both Marxism and Blanquism committed to the liberation of the working class, the revolutionary seizure of power and the creation of a communist society.
Without repeating points made above on the differences between Marxism and Blanquism, I will just tell you the single most important difference between the two. For Blanquism, liberation comes from a small elite conspiracy who act in place of the working class. By contrast, Marxist politics are centered on the self-emancipation of the working class. Marxists believe that the liberation of the workers does not come from saviors, whether benevolent reformers or virtuous conspirators. Whereas Blanqui considered a revolutionary dictatorship to be ruled by a conspiracy because the people were too ignorant to rule on their own behalf, for Marxists the dictatorship of the proletariat is the rule of the workers as a class or democracy for the vast majority. In Blanquism, there was no room for the working class self-emancipation, whereas Marxist politics is inconceivable without it.
This is an interesting question because there is no organized Blanquist movement anywhere in the world today. Blanquism in France lasted barely ten years after Blanqui's death. By 1900, Second International Marxism was on the ascent and Blanquism as an organized force died out.
However, “Blanquism” as an insult for extremist “ultra-leftist” revolutionaries remains. The person largely responsible for this was the German revisionist socialist, Eduard Bernstein. In his “Evolutionary Socialism” (1899), Bernstein wanted to “update” and “revise” Marxism to purge it of all revolutionary elements in order to make it a reformist theory. Bernstein believed that the young Marx and Engels, particularly in the “Communist Manifesto,” had been infected by “Blanquism.” As Bernstein said: "In Germany, Marx and Engels, working on the basis of the radical Hegelian dialectic, arrived at a doctrine very similar to Blanquism." That was no accident since Hegelian dialectics, as Marx recognized, were revolutionary (although not Blanquist). Bernstein was using “Blanquism” as a stand-in to condemn any and all advocacy for socialist revolution. Later, Communist Parties followed Bernstein by using the pejorative of “Blanquist” to attack critics to their left, who dared to be revolutionaries.
Trotsky put it best when he said: “The revisionists label the revolutionary content of Marxism with the word Blanquism, the more easily to enable them to fight against Marxism.” What the left critics of Blanqui hate about it is not its vice, but his virtues – revolutionary courage, uncompromising fidelity to communism, and thinking seriously about how to win. The true inheritors of Blanqui's political legacy are the many different currents of communists and revolutionaries across the world – whether the Bolsheviks, Rosa Luxemburg's Spartactist League, James Connolly's Citizen Army, Che Guevara, the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party, or today's fierce militants - who stay true to his spirit.
Communications
Sharon Atkins (Receptionist)
By far the most interesting person in this part of Book Two, Atkins had me saying to myself, “Damn, the interview is over? I could read a whole book from this woman!” I felt like I really knew and related to her. Indeed, by the time the interview was done Atkins had said much of what I felt or could identify with in our modern world, let's start here:
I don't think they'd ever hire a male receptionist. They'd have to pay him more, for one thing. You can't pay someone who does what I do very much. It isn't economically feasible. (Laughs) You're just there to filter people and filter telephone calls. You're there just to handle the equipment. You're treated like a piece of equipment, like the telephone. (BOOK TWO, p. 29, emphasis mine)
The feeling of dejection, loss of personal autonomy and (perhaps worse) your sense of identity is a theme common in the book and in this section is echoed by at least two people (including Atkins). When we work jobs that are repetitive, monotonous and yet quickly paced it's easy to get burned out and feel like a literal cog.
We work and work without delay or stop. We have to keep working until we're either lucky to have a break (which, as we'll see, some folks in this section aren't) or just about to end our shift. As the night trudges on, we're more and more likely to start getting kinks in our own machinery and be worn down by the countless demands.
Managers will often have little patience for things not working correctly and perhaps even less for their fellow humans not working correctly. Whether it's a lack of imagination, empathy or something else, the people up top often don't care that the machines they want us to be is an unrealistic goal.
Atkins describes most of the people as “non”. If they're not kind and they're not nasty then they don't really exist for her. I'm sure this sentiment resonates with many, it certainly resonated with me and my own feelings about a lot of the customers I see at my workplace as being “non”. Some of them I can get a shallow relationship with because I can see them (unlike Atkins) and there are often repeat customers (again, unlike with Atkins).
But even these “relationships” are fairly one-note. They're based on quick and easy one-liners, tropes and jokes that eventually become as stale as the job itself. What's expected of the relationship comes along with the job, instead of being a fun part of the job that might feel independent from it in some way.
One of the most heartbreaking things for me was how Atkins' job affects her way of speaking outside of it:
I never answer the phone at home. It carries over. The way I talk to people on the phone has changed. Even when my mother calls, I don't talk to her very long. I want to see people to talk to them. But now, when I see them, I talk to them like I was talking on the telephone. It isn't a conscious process. I don't know what's happened. When I'm talking to someone at work, the telephone rings, and the conversations is interrupted. So I never bother finishing sentences or finishing thoughts. I always have this feeling of interruption. (BOOK TWO, p. 30)
That “interruption” is what interests me most here. It made me snicker to myself and think of “Girl, Interrupted” (which I've not seen nor read for the record) but it's also got me thinking about how I feel “interruptions” in my own life. I feel a new level of respect and empathy to retail workers in other stores whenever I see them and especially when I need their help.
Other than that, I'm unsure in what ways working at the store I've been at for over a year (yuck) is changing me. Maybe it takes more time or perhaps I too have had unconscious changes since starting the job and I just haven't noticed it yet.
As far as I can tell, at least as of right now, all that's really changed is my ever-growing sympathy and empathy for the retail workers of the world and the shit they have to go through. I don't think my conversational patterns have changed dramatically but then I also talk to people like I normally talk to people when I'm at work.
Sure, there are customers who are non, just like with Atkins. But there are also some customers who I can make jokes with or around, maybe tell them an interesting fact or ask them a question. There are some constraints on all of this and especially when there is a big line and it's busy.
But generally, I can always find a way to sneak my bit of personality into the conversations I'm forced to have as a customer service associate.
I found this interesting:
Just to fill in time, I write real bad poetry or write letters to myself and to other people and never mail them. The letters are fantasies, sort of rambling, how I feel,m how depressed I am. (BOOK TWO, p. 30)
I have similar quirks in that I'll tell really bad jokes, poke fun at my co-workers or even (sometimes) openly mock the store I work in. Sometimes I'll use my imagination (Atkins is right that this is important for any boring job) to imagine fantastic scenarios in my head to keep me from getting too bored. Or sometimes my head will replay events that have recently happened that make me happy, so I can at least feel that wave of happiness for a little bit.
I could keep writing about Atkins (and her interview is only 4 pages!) but I think this is a suitable quote to entice you to read the rest of her interview:
The machine dictates. This crummy little machine with buttons on it—you've got to be there to answer it. You can walk away from it and pretend you don't hear it, but it pulls you. You know you're not doing anything, not doing a hell of a lot for anyone. You job doesn't mean anything. Because you're just a little machine. A monkey could do what I do. It's really unfair to ask someone to do that. (BOOK TWO, pp. 30-31)
Frances Swenson (Hotel Switchboard Operator)
It says a lot about this chapter that Swenson is probably the most positive person despite the fact that her overall perception of the field she works in is mixed, to say the least. While Swenson ultimately upholds the harmful idea that we should all do our best, whatever our wages may be or how we are treated, she also does say that the wages are far too low and that switchboard operators (at least where she works) are generally not respected enough by management.
Swenson also makes repeated mentions of how people don't appreciate the jobs like she and other old ladies at the hotel do. But when you're underpaid, denied a raise by the higher ups and mistreated by management and customers alike, it's hard to see why you would care a lot about the job, especially when you're young and may have other options.
Towards the beginning of the interview Swenson denotes the emotional labor that they're all expected to do:
You have to have a nice smiling voice. You can't be angry or come in like you've been out the night before. (Laughs.) You always have to be pleasant—no matter how bad you feel. (BOOK TWO, p. 32)
I'm not sure why someone wouldn't realize how taxing this can be on some people, but then again perhaps Swenson is just used to this sort of process. Perhaps she has dulled her sense of dissatisfaction with that part of the job and just accepted it as a kind of necessary evil. She doesn't say anything about this explicitly, but that's my speculation.
As I noted earlier, breaks are something of a fiction when it comes to the field of communications. Swenson says that you don't even get a 15 minute break. There's also the side-effects of not wanting to eat because the only place Swenson can eat is full of “constant conversations” (p. 34) and reminds her of her job, which clearly overwhelms her.
One thing that was funny to me was that Swenson said this:
Anybody that has done switchboard like switchboard. It's not lonesome. You're talking to people. You ask another switchboard operator, they like it. (BOOK TWO, p. 34)
It's funny not only because of the previous interview with Atkins but because Swenson explicitly talks about people who fool around, people who have quit and even her own issues with the job. It strikes me as bizarre that she would claim that everyone who has done switchboard would enjoy it. Again, when you work in a profession that's underpaid, undervalued and overwhelming, it isn't hard to see why some folks may not like it.
Heather Lamb (Telephone Operator)
Something important to note (and it caught me off guard at first) is that Lamb isn't even 18 and works while she is in high school and 40 during the summertime. I know this is the norm for many people when they were growing up but I was lucky enough to have a mother who didn't push for me to get a job while I was in high school.
As a result I was able to focus on my intellectual passions. I explored more music, I spent a lot of time with my friends, I played a lot of video games and I was able to pursue things like bass guitar and other hobbies such as reading. This isn't a reality that many people growing up had and it's still not something some folks have, which is jarring to me. But perhaps it shouldn't give how common it may be (I'm unaware of the statistics on the matter).
Regardless, remember how Swenson said everyone who does switchboards because you can talk to people?
Listen to what Lamb has to say about that idea (indirectly, she's not responding to Swenson as far as I know):
You come into contact with at least thirty-five an hour. You can't exchange any ideas with them. They don't know you, they never will. You eel like you might be missing people. you eel like they put a cpoin in the machine and they've got you. You're there to perform your service and go. You're kind of detached. (BOOK TWO, p. 36)
On the other hand, maybe that level of talking to people is all folks like Swenson needs. For people like Lamb and Atkins, this level of discourse with the outside world feels hollow and lonesome. But for Swenson it feels like warmth and company. I know I'd feel more like Lamb and Atkins but I find it encouraging that there are at least some people who can enjoy the “shallow” conversations or what they are and still feel like they're meaningful.
I don't know if that makes one person more introverted than the other or perhaps introversion has nothing to do with this conversation and it's just a matter of your expectations. For folks like Lamb and Atkins they want something more meaningful out of their job. But Swenson is just happy to hear a voice and talk to someone, even i the conversation is fairly same-old time after time. Perhaps that happens with age? I really don't know for sure.
One thing that really bothers Lamb about her job is that she can never just talk to the customers. She can't say that she feels bad for them if they're having a tough time or they're lonely. Granted, Lamb isn't a therapist but it's understandable to have some kind of pain from unresolved sympathy towards people on the other end.
As Lamb says, “I'm a communications person but I can't communicate.” (p. 36)
I thought the sense of power Lamb sometimes feels during the job was worth highlighting:
Businessmen get very upset if they have to repeat their credit card number. … Sometimes you get mad. Why should this man be yelling at me? I do feel put-down a lot. But other times there's a real sense of power. I can tell you when you have to stop talking. You have to pay me the money, I can do this and this to you. You eel that more when you're talking to people who have to pay for their calls … But with the businessmen you get a feeling of helplessness. He can ruin you. You've got real power over poorer people. They don't even have a phone, so they can't complain. This businessman can write a letter to Ma Bell. I'm more tolerant of the people who are calling from a pay phone and haven't got much money. But businessmen, I make him pay for every second of his call. (Laughs.) I'm more powerful than him at the moment. (Laughs.) (BOOK TWO, p. 38)
This is interesting and the most I can relate to it is that I never give soldiers or cops a discount because it's (evidently) at my discretion. I've had managers or co-workers call me out on it (in minor ways) once or twice but as much as I can help it I try to treat cops and people who serve(d) the US military the same as anyone else.
Otherwise I never really feel like I have a ton of power in my job but it's interesting to look back at a time when people had a lot of power through the phones, back when cellphones weren't around.
Then again, there's power to be had in a lot of situations and as Lamb reminds us, sometimes there's just power in saying, “How's your day, busy? Has it been a rough day?”
Lamb thanks those sorts of people, as we all should.
Jack Hunter (College Professor, Communications Specialist)
Honestly, I (mostly) re-read this interview and…yeah, it's a total bore. Hunter is just explaining to us what the profession is like (it's growing and it's spreading into various industries) and what he thinks of the Nixon cabinet. He says nothing of his personal job, any interesting stories with students or anything that could be re motley thought-provoking.
Nothing to particularly note here, which is a shame.
Guess this communications professor needs to go back to graduate school, eh?
If you enjoyed this article, consider donating to my Patreon!
This OMEGA Speedmaster Moonwatch “Apollo XVII” is limited to 1,972 pieces and commemorates the 45th anniversary of the final moon landing in 1972.
The 42 mm stainless steel case features a polished blue ceramic bezel with its tachymeter scale in OMEGA Ceragold™. The dial is also polished blue ceramic with 18K yellow gold indexes and hour-minute “Moon” hands that are coated in Super-LumiNova.
The subdial hands are 18K yellow gold or varnished matt white, and the central chronograph hand is also varnished white with a red tip.
“05:34 GMT” is printed in red indicating the time that Cernan made the final step on the moon, while the 9 o'clock subdial is distinguished by a representation of the God Apollo and the moon – etched in PVD in a chrome colour.
The watch has a stainless steel bracelet and is driven by the iconic OMEGA calibre 1861. The caseback is engraved with “45th ANNIVERSARY”, “Limited Edition” and a unique number. It also has an embossed Apollo XVII patch, “APOLLO XVII” and “a tribute to Gene Cernan”.
SILVERDALE, WA — WestSound FC Men of the Evergreen Premier League today announce that Keith Sargent will take the reins as head coach for the club's 2014 season.
Sargent is currently a coach with the WestSound FC Youth Club, leading teams in the Regional Clubs League, as well as an officer with the Bremerton Police Department. He is also the assistant coach for the Olympic College Men's Soccer team.
“I am excited to be part of our new Men's team in its first season,” says Sargent. “It is a great opportunity for local players but also a great chance for me to continue my passion for coaching soccer.”
Sargent has a Chemistry degree from Western Washington University and also attended Olympic College in Bremerton. He earned his USSF Level B Coaching License in 2011. Sargent is currently working on a Master's Degree from Ohio University in Coaching Education with an emphasis on soccer. He's fulfilling online course requirements before a residency in 2015.
Sargent says it's job one to let the community know the WestSound Men's team is coming. “We definitely want to get the information out there, being a new men's team…a new experience all around. From forming the team, to getting the players out, to just evaluating what the EPLWA is all about.”
WestSound FC Director of Coaching George Vukic looks forward to supporting Sargent in his role as head coach. “Keith is a great choice for men's coach,” says Vukic, “he will reach and inspire, and I am looking forward to assisting his efforts with the new team as much as I can as we build towards kick-off in May.”
The journey continues for WSFC with open tryouts announced soon, fund-raising efforts, and more. Sargent is looking forward to the challenges ahead.
‘There are lots of players around here that want to compete at a higher level,” the coach says. “It's a pure sport at the amateur level. It's a real exciting time for our area to be a part of this league.”
Coach Sargent has committed to coaching competitive level soccer in the Bremerton area since 2007 with coaching stints at Olympic College, Olympic High School, and Tracyton SC. Sargent and his wife Tammy have three children, Austin, Jake, and Hailey.
About the EPLWA
The Evergreen Premier League is an elite adult men's soccer league for college and post-college age players to feature their skills on hometown clubs throughout the state of Washington. The league's mission is to cultivate “football club” culture while providing opportunities for coaches, owners, supporters, players and towns to enjoy the sport and all of the community-building it can bring. The EPLWA is affiliated with the Washington State Adult Soccer Association, the United States Adult Soccer Association, US Soccer and FIFA.
The EPLWA (pronounced E-P-L ‘wah') will kick off in May 2014 with its debut season in these Washington cities: Bellingham United FC (Bellingham), South Sound FC (Tacoma), Wenatchee United FC (Wenatchee), Seattle Stars FC (Tukwila), WestSound FC (Silverdale), Spokane Shadow (Spokane), Vancouver Victory FC (Vancouver, WA) and Yakima United FC (Yakima).
Visit the Evergreen Premier League online at: www.EPLWA.com
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
The secret is out, living with your parents is more common than you might think. A study by rental website Abodo showed that millennials are more likely to be living at home than on their own.
There's No Place Like Home: 31.5% of SF Millennials Live With Their Parents, Study Shows
The secret is out: living with your parents is more common than you might think.
A study by rental website Abodo showed that millennials are more likely to be living at home than on their own.
The national average is 34.1 percent.
San Francisco ranks 28th in the nation, with 31.5 percent of its millennials living at home. Of those, 9.2 percent of the millennials living there are unemployed, while of those who work, the median monthly income is $2,813.
"We found that Millennials aren't living at home simply because of high rent prices across the country,” said Sam Radbil, Sr., communications manager at ABODO. “Other factors also contribute to Millennials living at home, including education level, student loans, unemployment and low pay.
"Many Millennials are not only earning less than their parents did as younger adults, but the majority of Millennials who pursue college degrees are eventually saddled with an average student loan debt hovering around $30,000."
This data is based on a research study done on metro areas with a population greater than one million.
Of the 16 metro areas with the highest percentage of millennials living at home, number one is Miami-Fort Lauderdale-West Palm Beach, where a whopping 44.8 percent of 18- to 34-year-olds live with their parents. Close behind are Riverside-San Bernardino-Ontario at 44.5 percent and New York-Newark-Jersey City at 43.8 percent.
This article is over 1 year old
Jay Weatherill's government says 150 megawatt plant will be biggest of its kind in the world and create about 700 jobs
A proposed solar thermal power plant in South Australia's mid-north has been contracted to supply all the state government's power needs.
Work on the $650m SolarReserve facility will start in 2018, creating 650 construction jobs and 50 ongoing positions.
The state government said the 150 megawatt plant, to be ready in 2020, would dispatch energy to the grid even when the sun was not shining.
Port Augusta 'busting a gut' to reinvent itself as a solar city when coal-fired power is switched off Read more
The chief executive of the Australian Solar Council and Energy Storage Council, John Grimes, described the government's commitment as a win for the Port Augusta community.
“Solar thermal in Port Augusta means jobs for regional South Australia,” he said. “It means zero emissions baseload power.”
The South Australian premier, Jay Weatherill, said the solar thermal plant was “the biggest of its kind in the world”.
“Importantly, this project will deliver more than 700 jobs, with requirements for local workers,” he said.
For more than five years, Port Augusta residents campaigned for solar thermal alongside the city council, unions, local business, health groups, climate groups and renewable energy groups from across Australia as part of the Repower Port Augusta Alliance.
Gary Rowbottom, a former coal-fired power station worker and chairperson of Repower Port Augusta, said: “Building solar thermal with storage in Port Augusta will create new jobs, on-demand solar power, reduce emissions and put downward pressure on power bills.”
Port Augusta can show the world what just transition for workers looks like | Sharan Burrow Read more
Solar thermal has been supported across party lines with the federal government committing $110m of equity in the May 2017 federal budget to building solar thermal with storage in Port Augusta.
Solar thermal technology uses mirrors to concentrate the sun's light at the top of a tower, heating molten salt which is stored and the heat used to operate a steam turbine.
Solar Reserve has a track record in solar thermal, already operating the 110MW Crescent Dunes project in Nevada and recently announcing a 450MW tower for Chile.
Weatherill said the maximum government load was 125MW, meaning the plant would be able to supply other customers.
“This, in addition to our state-owned gas plant, and the world's largest lithium-ion battery, will help to make our energy grid more secure,” he said.
Energy experts said the new plant was an important step in understanding how solar thermal could contribute to the energy mix in future.
Wasim Saman, professor of sustainable ernergy engineering at the University of South Australia, said solar thermal was a more economical way of storing energy than using batteries.
“The significance of solar thermal generation lies in its ability to provide energy virtually on demand,” he said.
But Dr Matthew Stocks, a research fellow in the research school of engineering at the Australian National University, said solar thermal also had limits.
“One of the big challenges for solar thermal as a storage tool is that it can only store heat. If there is an excess of electricity in the system because the wind is blowing strong, it cannot efficiently use it to store electrical power to shift the energy to times of shortage, unlike batteries and pumped hydro,” he said.
“It is not yet clear whether it will deliver a better outcome than wind and solar with electrical storage.”
The government contract with Solar Reserve would last for 20 years, and was the “lowest cost option” of shortlisted bids for the project, he said.
The government will pay a maximum of $78 per megawatt hour.
Australian Associated Press contributed to this report
Show full PR text
Fuel-Saving Engine Stop-Start (ESS) Technology Now Standard with V-6 in Award-Winning Jeep Cherokee and I-4 in All-New 2015 Chrysler 200
Estimated fuel-economy improvement up to 3%
Estimated C02 emissions-reduction up to 3%
Enhanced high-speed/high-durability starter and advanced control strategies contribute to seamless, automatic activation
Intuitively adapts to driving styles for optimal responsiveness, driving enjoyment
Availability third quarter for Jeep Cherokee, fourth quarter for Chrysler 200
June 24, 2014 , Auburn Hills, Mich. - Chrysler Group is offering fuel-saving Engine Stop-Start (ESS) technology as standard equipment on certain models of the award-winning 2015 Jeep Cherokee mid-size SUV and all-new 2015 Chrysler 200 mid-size sedan.
Chrysler 200 customers who opt for the 2.4-liter Tigershark I-4, and Jeep Cherokee customers who choose the available 3.2-liter Pentastar V-6, will experience estimated fuel-economy improvements of up to three percent, compared with the conventional vehicle-engine pairings.
"We're taking highly efficient engines and upping the ante to further benefit our customers," said Mike Duhaime, Global Director-Electrified Powertrain Propulsion Systems. "ESS leverages intricate control strategies to deliver a superior driving experience, as well as the expected fuel-savings and emissions-reduction."
ESS applications in the Chrysler 200 and Jeep Cherokee will account for an estimated C02 emissions-reduction of up to three percent.
Availability in the popular Jeep Cherokee is scheduled for third quarter. ESS arrives the following quarter in the all-new Chrysler 200.
The technology made its NAFTA-region debut in the Ram 1500 full-size pickup. ESS accounts for a one-mpg city-cycle fuel-economy gain in the Ram, the most fuel-efficient truck in its segment.
At the heart of ESS is a high-speed/high-durability starter that reduces crank time, culminating in quicker restarts. Its function is regulated by algorithms that act on a vehicle's powertrain and chassis components.
As a result, acceleration is always aligned with driver inputs. Passive accelerator application is met with measured throttle response; hard inputs trigger aggressive starts. And there's no waiting for either.
ESS works this way:
Engine controls constantly monitor vehicle speed
When the vehicle brakes to a stop, fuel flow is cut and engine turns off – events that save gas and reduce emissions
Beefier batteries maintain other vehicle systems so in-cabin comfort is unaffected
When the brake pedal is released, the engine automatically restarts and the nine-speed automatic transmission, the segment-exclusive nine-speed automatic transmission is engaged – all within 0.3 seconds
If a driver chooses to forgo the benefits of ESS, the feature can be deactivated with the push of a button, and then reactivated.
Efficiency and refinement are hallmarks of the Tigershark and Pentastar engine families. ESS just complements these attributes.
The 16-valve, 184-hp 2.4-liter Tigershark comes standard in the all-new 2015 Chrysler 200. The slickly engineered I-4 also features the unique MultiAir2 electro-hydraulic fully variable valve-lift system.
Exclusive to Chrysler Group in North America, MultiAir technology uses a column of oil in place of the traditional mechanical link between the camshaft and intake valves. Sophisticated electronic control of the MultiAir components maximizes intake manifold pressure, significantly reducing pumping losses.
MultiAir2 takes the innovation further by simultaneously controlling both valve opening and closing events to more effectively manage combustion quality. This ensures the appropriate, effective compression ratio and efficient internal exhaust-gas recirculation (EGR) for improved fuel economy.
The all-new 2015 Chrysler 200 is the world's first mid-size sedan to feature a nine-speed automatic transmission, which comes standard and contributes to a fuel-economy gain of up to 13 percent compared with the outgoing car and its four-speed gearbox.
The high-tech transmission – which also comes standard in the Jeep Cherokee – dispenses power smoothly for elevated refinement. Such performance is made possible because the ratio steps between its gears are smaller than those of other transmissions.
The Cherokee's available 271-hp 3.2-liter Pentastar V-6 is derived from the acclaimed 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6, named three times one of Ward's 10 Best Engines. The smaller-displacement V-6 helps the Cherokee deliver fuel-economy improvements of up to 30 percent, compared with the model it replaces.
Individual exhaust-manifold runners are integrated into the aluminum cylinder-head casting, a key Pentastar-family differentiator. This design feature reduces weight and affords packaging benefits.
The 24-valve engine's 10.7:1 compression ratio aids in lowering fuel consumption and improves performance while its variable-displacement oil pump further reduces parasitic losses to maximize fuel economy. The pump is programmed to operate as needed, staying in low-pressure mode below 3,500 rpm, and then bumping up pressure as demand follows engine-speed.
The Jeep Cherokee has earned multiple media accolades, from Rocky Mountain Automotive Press Association's SUV of the Year to 2014 Canadian Utility Vehicle of the Year, courtesy of the Automobile Journalists Association of Canada (AJAC).
Jeep Brand
Built on more than 70 years of legendary heritage, Jeep is the authentic SUV with class-leading capability, craftsmanship and versatility for people who seek extraordinary journeys. The Jeep brand delivers an open invitation to live life to the fullest by offering a full line of vehicles that continue to provide owners with a sense of security to handle any journey with confidence.
The Jeep vehicle lineup consists of the Cherokee, Compass, Grand Cherokee, Patriot, Wrangler and Wrangler Unlimited. To meet consumer demand around the world, all Jeep models sold outside North America are available in both left and right-hand drive configurations and with gasoline and diesel powertrain options. Chrysler Group LLC products are available in more than 150 countries around the world.
Chrysler Brand
The Chrysler brand has delighted customers with distinctive designs, craftsmanship, intuitive innovation and technology all at an extraordinary value since the company was founded in 1926.
Whether it is the groundbreaking, bold design of the Chrysler 300, the simple elegance and extraordinary driving experience of the all-new 2015 Chrysler 200 or the family-room-on-wheels functionality of the Chrysler Town & Country, Chrysler brand vehicles reward the passion, creativity and sense of accomplishment of its owners. Beyond just exceptionally designed vehicles, the Chrysler brand has incorporated thoughtful features into all of its products, such as the innovative center console with pass through storage and sliding cup holders in the 2015 Chrysler 200, the industry-exclusive Stow 'n Go® seating and storage system on the Chrysler Town & Country and the fuel-saving Fuel Saver Technology in the Chrysler 300.
The Chrysler brand's succession of innovative product introductions continues to solidify the brand's standing as the leader in design, engineering and value. The premium for the Chrysler brand is in the product, not the price.
Warning: This video, shot by the advocacy group Mercy for Animals at a farm in Wisconsin, includes graphic and sometimes bloody scenes. It shows cows being kicked, beaten and stabbed, as well as cows being dragged by ropes.
The nation's largest frozen pizza company says it will no longer accept milk from a Wisconsin dairy farm after NBC News showed the company undercover video shot by an animal rights group of workers on the farm kicking, beating and stabbing cows and dragging the animals with ropes.
“Nestlé is outraged and deeply saddened by the mistreatment of animals shown in this video,” said Deborah Cross, a spokesperson for Nestlé's pizza division, which manufactures DiGiorno pizza. Cross confirmed that Nestle gets cheese from an Appleton, Wisc. supplier that uses milk from the Wiese Brothers Farm in nearby Greenleaf, and said that Nestlé had advised the cheese supplier that “we will not accept any cheese made with milk from the Wiese Brothers Farm.”
“We do expect all of our suppliers and their suppliers to meet our stringent guidelines,” said Cross.
The cheese supplier, Foremost Farms USA, also said that it was "extremely disappointed" by the treatment depicted in the video. "To protect consumer trust and confidence in the dairy industry, we have discontinued receiving milk from the farm depicted in the video," said Foremost Farms spokesperson Joan Behr.
The owners of the farm said that they were “shocked and saddened” to see the footage, and have “zero tolerance for animal abuse.” In a statement, the Wiese family said that it had terminated two employees and removed a third employee from “animal handling” responsibilities.
“Further action will be taken if the investigation warrants it,” said the statement.
An officer with the local sheriff's department confirmed that police are also investigating the alleged abuse.
The video was shot by an activist from the animal rights group Mercy for Animals in October and November who worked undercover as a farmhand at the farm. Mercy for Animals then provided the video to NBC News.
“No socially responsible corporation should support dairy operations that beat, kick, mutilate and neglect animals,” said MFA's executive director, Nathan Runkle. “Due to its complete lack of meaningful animal welfare standards, DiGiorno has allowed a culture of cruelty to flourish in its cheese supply chain.”
Cross said that Nestle is committed to proper animal handling and has guidelines for suppliers. “We will not knowingly work with companies that violate our Responsible Sourcing Guidelines,” said Cross.
Watch the video on the Mercy for Animals website.
The video shows workers hoisting the animals into the air by their hindquarters with a cow lift, and many images of cows who are bleeding or appear to have infected wounds. Cows that are sick and injured are dragged by their necks or legs with ropes attached to tractors.
One worker is shown poking cows with a stick and jabbing a sharp instrument into the back of a cow until blood flows. Other workers can be seen kicking cows or beating them with sticks and heavy ropes.
Renowned livestock expert Temple Grandin, an associate professor of livestock behavior at Colorado State University and an animal welfare adviser to the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the meat industry, reviewed the undercover video and said it was evidence of abuse.
“Dragging live cows, and completely suspending them with the cow lift is severe animal abuse,” Grandin said. “The actions of these people went beyond rough handling and escalated to the level of cruelty. Kicking, beating, and hard whipping of downed cows is abusive.”
Capt. David Konrath of the Brown County Sheriff's Department confirmed that an investigation is underway.
“It something we're looking into right now,” said Konrath. “At the conclusion of the investigation we'll give the case to the district attorney and he will make a decision about whether charges would be filed.”
In its statement, the Wiese family said it is cooperating with local law enforcement, and that after viewing the video it had asked an “independent animal care auditor from a national evaluation firm” to conduct a thorough review of the farm's written guidelines for animal handling, and to observe its employees and the condition of its cows.
“While they noted a few areas for improvement, their overall analysis indicated our animals are clean , well cared for and treated appropriately by employees.”
Starting in 2012, according to the Wieses, employees were required to review and sign a pledge about proper animal treatment as a condition of employment.
“We are shocked and saddened to see a few of our employees not following our farm's policies for proper animal care,” said the statement. “We are committed to providing optimal care and ask all our employees to demonstrate ongoing respect for every animal at all times.”
The statement said that employees would periodically be shadowed by their supervisor “to ensure protocols in place are being met or exceeded.”
“Each of these actions, along with any others we add as appropriate, will help us ensure the behaviors seen in this video are never repeated on our farm,” said the statement.
More from NBC News Investigations:
Follow NBC News Investigations on Twitter and Facebook
Sleep is something that is either taken for granted or something of a struggle. While many people complain about their sleep, they still have the advantage of being able to lay down and go to sleep without having to calm their brains first. For others our brains are wrought with anxiety, madness and neural activity that no matter how tired the body is, the brain refuses to shut down. Silence at night is the enemy. We need white noise machines or music in the room. Or with the Dreampad from Integrated Listening Systems (iLs), music in our head.
Originally conceived to be a therapeutic tool to calm children with autism, the Dreampad was created to be a sleep aid for those with complex sleep difficulties. As someone who cannot shut down the spongy central processing facility in my skull, the Dreampad seems like a solid replacement for my white noise machine or the speakers across the room. The Dreampad is not a pillow with speakers in it, as I may have implied. Rather, it is a system of transducers that deliver music straight into your head through vibration.
Unlike headphones or posting speakers next to your bed, the Dreampad transducers pump the music right into your nervous system through vibrations to the inner ear. You can hear the music -- it is not a sense of the music or a distant construct of music -- it's whatever music you are playing, just delivered a bit differently. This method triggers a response that kicks your brain into relaxation mode and helps calm the mind. That's the intent at least.
Also see: Don't Hit Snooze: How Your Alarm Clock Engenders Your Reality
There is a pocket with a 3.5mm jack in the pillow to jam your phone into, or you can order the optional Bluetooth receiver. Or plug in an extension cord to your tablet on the nightstand like I did. The Dreampad app has a selection of music, but there was no way I wasn't going to play my own music. I've been taking naps to the dulcet tunes of Metallica's Black Album since I was 14, and I routinely fall asleep to Pineapple Thief or The Flower Kings.
It takes a lot to relax me. At night I pace and toss a baseball around while trying to focus my thoughts on not all the things. If you know me, you know that I may seem like the zen master on the outside, but can easily switch to a hyper focused madman. At night -- alone -- this is amplified by silence. I take meds to help me fall asleep but still need music or white noise to focus my brain on something other than the billion or so anxieties slapping my neurons around like they just pissed off Tommy DeVito.
Using the Dreampad was an adjustment. Usually I plug my tablet into some speakers on a nightstand, but have trouble finding the right volume. The Dreampad just flows that music into my head without worrying about volume. When I want to get lost in white noise instead, there are apps for that. At first it was a little strange, as I was used to music filling the room instead of in my head, but like Green Day becoming a political pop-punk band, I got used to it. The Dreampad was surprisingly calming; vibrational music snuck directly into your head is a comfort that I've been waiting for just as long as bath towel warmers. The Dreampad is like a bath towel warmer for your tired, anxiety ridden brain.
So did the Dreampad succeed in shutting my brain down for the night? Sure. It was definitely better than my white noise machine, which can often cause my brain to create auditory inferences with the ambient sound, making achieving sleep more difficult. The Dreampad certainly beats fussing with the volume on my speakers. The Dreampad delivery system for music was certainly better than the other two sources. Did I feel that it calmed me more than the others, or erased anxieties? Not entirely. I doubt it overrules or would replace the meds, for me at least, but I can see how it would be a great supplemental product for those faced with difficulty calming their brains at night.
While I was a bit skeptical of the Dreampad being more than a gimmick for listening to music while you sleep, there is some research from iLs that shows the company is at least not focused on the gimmick part.
Its PTSD study, autism study and parent blogger study have shown positive results. It should be noted the Dreampad is not marketed, nor claims to be, a medical device.
Integrated Learning Systems is no newbie to neurotechnology. The Denver-based company trains therapists and educators to combine iLs sound and movement therapy techniques with other interventions. It has trained over eight thousand professionals, some in service at pediatric hospitals of Stanford, Harvard, Duke and other outpatient clinics. The Dreampad is a consolidation of a lot of this research and a product that can reach a larger part of the population without the need for direct sleep therapy.
The Dreampad 26 (reviewed) is available in the iLs store for $179. The Dreampad app is available for Google Android and Apple iOS.
A review unit was provided by the manufacturer.
A Long Island federal jury rewarded Nancy Genovese, 58, a mother of three, $1.12 million in compensatory damages after being arrested in 2009 for attempting to photograph a helicopter at a Air National Guard base in the Hamptons. Genovese intended to use the photo on a “Support the Troops” website; she was arrested for trespass and insulted as a “Teabagger.”
From The New York Post:
Southhampton cops searched her and found a legally owned rifle that she was transporting from a nearby rifle range. She contends a deputy sheriff arrived on the scene later and said to her, “I bet you are one of those Tea Party people.” When Genovese said she's gone to Tea Party rallies, he allegedly said, “You're a real right-winger, aren't you?” and “You are a ‘Teabagger'” and then added that she'd be arrested for terrorism to make an example of other “right wingers.”
“What they took from this woman cannot be measured in money,” said her lawyer Frederick Brewington.“There is no reason to treat another human the way they treated her.”
The New York Post also mentioned Genovese “was armed to the teeth with a licensed assault rifle.” The description is very misleading since the police only found one rifle in her car, which is legally owned.
Authorities jailed Genovese for four days before she posted $50,000. The court dismissed the charge in November 2009, but Brewington claims she “was subjected to humiliation and was strip-searched” during her four days in prison.
“Ms Genovese was subjected to a level of abuse because they did not share the same political views as she did and saw this as an excuse to deny her even the most basic civil rights,” he said.
After she won, Genovese said she wants to start a foundation to help others who were wrongly arrested.
“This was the ultimate rude awakening,” she said. “At any given time, anybody can be arrested and can be held on excessive or no bail.”
August 10, 2014 Metropolitan Tikhon issues Pastoral Letter Concerning Violence and Extremism in the Middle East
His Beatitude, Metropolitan Tikhon, recently issued a Pastoral Letter Concerning Violence and Extremism in the Middle East.
The text of the letter appears below and may be found in PDF format.
Pastoral Letter from His Beatitude, Metropolitan Tikhon to the Clergy, Monastics and Faithful of the Orthodox Church in America Concerning Violence and Extremism in the Middle East
“We have preferred profane and material things to the commandment of love, and because we have attached ourselves to them we fight against men, whereas we ought to prefer the love of all men to all visible things and even to our own body.” (St Maximus the Confessor, The Ascetic Life, 7)
Beloved in Christ,
Our hearts have been deeply wounded by the stories and images of war and fighting throughout the world. The recent incidents of violence in the Middle East loom as tragic examples of an increasing disrespect for humanity and disregard for human life and dignity. The Orthodox Church in America joins those in the Middle East, in North America, and around the world who have raised their voices against the inhumane actions we are witnessing. We join all who condemn this blatant disregard for human dignity and life.
The Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Antioch and All the East, whose ministry in the Middle East consistently witnesses to the Gospel of love of Jesus Christ and the Gospel's command to adhere to peace and non-violence, has issued a strong statement condemning the attacks against Christians in Mosul, expressed in “coercion forcing them to change their belief, pay a tax or leave their homes, while having their property confiscated.” The statement calls on “states that provide fundamentalist groups with any direct or indirect foreign support to immediately stop all forms of material, logistic, military and moral support.”
The Orthodox Church in America expresses its solidarity with the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Antioch in its striving for non-violence and peace. We also express our solidarity with all the suffering Christian communities of Mosul, whose expulsion is ending the Christian presence there after nearly two thousand years.
Another story of violence is unfolding yet again between Israel and the Hamas organization in Gaza. In this violence hundreds of innocent civilians have already died, some of them Israelis, most of them Palestinians. This humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza is overwhelming; hundreds of thousands of innocent people are losing their homes and struggling to survive without electricity and water.
Yet another narrative of violence continues in Syria. Many innocent people not involved in the fighting have lost their lives. A large proportion of the Syrian population has taken to flight, forced to live in refugee camps in the region. Millions have lost their homes, their livelihoods and their loved ones.
Those of us living in North America may feel a sense of helplessness when seeing and hearing of these tragedies. We ought to remember the words of St John Cassian, who writes that the “goal of peaceful improvement cannot be reached through the decisions of others, which is forever beyond our control, but is found rather in our own attitude. To be free from wrath is not dependent on the perfection of others, but stems from our own virtue, which is acquired through our own tolerance, not other people's patience.” (Institutes, VIII.17)
St John is pointing to a fundamental spiritual principle: that real change only begins when we look within our own hearts. Rather than feeling helpless in the face of world tragedies, we need to recall our unity with all mankind and to respond with prayer for the suffering and the departed. In addition, just as the ascetic struggles of the great saints, in their own time and place, have a cosmic effect, so our own effort to purify our own hearts will have an effect on the rest of the world.
Thus, a very concrete and practical way that we in North America can respond to the violence in the Middle East is to commit ourselves to establishing peace in our own families and communities. When the Holy Apostle James posed the question: “What causes wars, and what causes fighting among you?”, he immediately answers with a challenge for us to consider: “Is it not your passions that are at war in your members?” (James 4:1).
If we are truly concerned about the strife in the world today, let us begin by overcoming anger in our own hearts by striving for meekness and humility. If we are upset by the violence and destruction in the Middle East, let us direct our energy to bring peace to the conflicts within our own families. If we are horrified by images of human beings injuring and killing one another, let us offer an image of Christ by giving alms to those in need in our own neighborhood.
In this way, our deeds will be joined to our prayers, and by the action of divine grace, we will have the assurance that our merciful Lord will grant consolation to those who are suffering, will provide a place of rest for those who have departed and will bestow upon the world the peace that passes all understanding.
With love in Christ,
+Tikhon
Archbishop of Washington
Metropolitan of All America and Canada
Those wishing to assist International Orthodox Christian Charities in its ongoing humanitarian efforts across the Middle East may do so by logging onto www.iocc.org.
Voluntary Locomotion: New Findings in Spinal Cord Injury Therapy
Previously, we discussed the possible impact of anxiety levels on the development and progression of cancer. This week, we look into a study that hints at another side of this phenomenon: the potential power of will and determination, a concept utilized as part of a large study examining the plasticity of neuronal systems after partial spinal cord injury. Anecdotal evidence exists for the positive effect of determination and proper therapy in the partial recovery from central nervous system injury. Well-known gains in function were made by Christopher Reeve, college football player Chris Norton, and even Kevin Pearce, who recovered from a traumatic brain injury suffered in 2009.
In the recent study by van den Brand et al., food reinforcement was used alongside various therapy techniques to treat rats with paralyzed lower limbs, helping them regain voluntary control of hindlimb movement. While the rats used in the study had incomplete spinal cord injuries (cords were not completely transected), their injuries were severe and resulted in hindlimb paralysis.
The authors designed a multi-system neuroprosthetic training program consisting of 3 essential features including: electrical stimulation of the spinal cord over lumbar and sacral segments, training on a treadmill with a harness, and the spinal administration of serotonin and dopamine receptor agonists. This litany of treatment was designed to assist in the reorganization of spared neuronal systems through mechanisms dependent on usage. At first, this combination of therapies promoted coordinated involuntary stepping on a moving treadmill.
After treadmill stepping was achieved, the authors sought to achieve recovery of movements that require input from the brain: voluntary active use of the paralyzed hindlimbs. For this step, the rats continued to receive electrical and chemical spinal cord stimulation. A food reinforcer, such as chocolate or cheese, was set up as the target and focus to help stimulate active rat participation. Rats were gradually encouraged to move over the ground, and eventually over obstacles, aiming to enhance supraspinal contribution. All rats that received these treatments achieved restored voluntary locomotion in their hindlimbs. Each rat also showed remodeling of supraspinal and intraspinal neuronal projections, including in the motor cortex, and new pathways formed connecting the spinal cord to the brain. The over ground training was the key to this research: rats that were trained only to move on the treadmill did not regain connections between the brain and spinal cord and did not achieve voluntary locomotion.
While many factors were involved, the presentation of food reinforcement was an important part of the recovery of voluntary movement in these rats. The added motivation from the food reinforcer assisted in the development of new neuronal connections and the ability to voluntarily move hindlimbs across the ground. Among the many exciting findings from this study, this raises some interesting questions. How important is the presence of a clear goal in the production of movement? How are conscious motivation and voluntary movement connected and how can this connection be further utilized to assist recovery from injury?
Further Reading:
van den Brand R, Heutschi J, Barraud Q, DiGiovanna J, Bartholdi K, Huerlimann M, Friedli L, Vollenweider I, Moraud EM, Duis S, Dominici N, Micera S, Musienko P, Courtine G. (2012). Restoring voluntary control of locomotion after paralyzing spinal cord injury. Science. Jun 1;336(6085):1182-5.
To watch videos related to this study:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GypDY5IwpT8&feature=relmfu
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYejL34wAKw&feature=relmfu
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8ezKdfGIZQ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=8GvDs7i36O0&NR=1.
The Pentagon is withholding $50 million in funding for Pakistan after Defense Secretary James Mattis told Congress he will not certify that the country has done enough to fight the Haqqani Network.
“The funds could not be released to the government of Pakistan at this time because the secretary could not certify that Pakistan has taken sufficient action against the Haqqani Network per the requirement in the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA)," Pentagon spokesman Adam Stump said in a statement Friday.
The announcement comes as the Trump administration continues to devise a new strategy for the 16-year-old war in Afghanistan. Officials have said the strategy will take a regional approach, including whether to take a harder line with Pakistan.
Still, Stump said Friday's announcement does not indicate the results of the strategy review.
"This decision does not prejudge the conclusions of the White House review of South Asia strategy, which is still ongoing," he said.
The funds being withheld come from the so-called Coalition Support Fund, a Pentagon program to reimburse countries that are supporting counterterrorism operations.
Pakistan has been reimbursed $550 million of the $900 million marked for it in fiscal 2016.
The 2016 annual defense policy bill required the Defense secretary to certify that Pakistan is taking action against the Haqqani Network before releasing the remaining $350 million.
Last year, Mattis's predecessor, Ash Carter, chose to withhold $300 million of that funding.
At Mattis's direction, the funding originally meant for Pakistan will be used for other Pentagon programs, Stump said.
The Haqqani Network, which is based in Pakistan, is considered among the most effective and deadly offshoots of the Taliban. Afghan officials have blamed the group for the May truck bombing in Kabul that killed nearly 100 people.
In addition to the Pentagon's decision, the State Department this week also said Pakistan has not taken much action against the Haqqani Network.
“Pakistan did not take substantial action against the Afghan Taliban or [the Haqqani Network], or substantially limit their ability to threaten U.S. interests in Afghanistan, although Pakistan supported efforts to bring both groups into an Afghan-led peace process,” the department said in its annual report on terrorism.
Pakistan has decried the report, with Foreign Ministry spokesman Nafees Zakaria saying Thursday that Pakistan has "taken indiscriminate and all out action against terrorists."
In his Friday statement, Stump said the Pentagon's decision does not diminish the efforts of the Pakistani military.
“This decision does not reduce the significance of the sacrifices that the Pakistani military has undertaken over previous years,” he said. “We continue to be encouraged by Pakistan's operations in North Waziristan and elsewhere in the [federally administered tribal areas].
“Pakistan's efforts have reduced the ability of some militant groups to use North Waziristan and the [tribal areas] as a safe haven for terrorism. However, the Taliban and the Haqqani Network continue to operate in other locations in Pakistan.”
There is a similar certification requirement for Pakistan to receive $400 million meant for it in fiscal 2017.
“Pakistan still has time,” Stump said, “to take action against the Haqqani Network in order to influence the secretary's certification decision in FY17.”
(CNN) President Donald Trump on Wednesday delivered his opening pitch on tax reform, framing the effort in populist terms saying Republican plans to overhaul the tax code would be a boon for lower- and middle-class Americans.
But Trump offered only broad outlines of what the tax code would look like if his tax reform gambit succeeds, as GOP congressional leaders and the White House have yet to reach an agreement on the details of the tax plan. Trump will meet with congressional leaders to hammer out those details on Tuesday, a White House official said.
"We're here today to launch our plans to bring back Main Street by reducing the crumbling burden on our companies and on our workers," Trump said in Springfield, Missouri. "The foundation of our job creation agenda is to fundamentally reform our tax code for the first time in more than 30 years."
Even as he laid out his tax reform pitch in broad strokes, Trump sought to turn up the pressure on members of Congress to get behind his still-undetailed effort and he called out Missouri's Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill.
"She must do this for you and if she doesn't do it for you, you must vote her out of office," Trump said. "She's gotta make that commitment. If she doesn't do it, we can't do this anymore."
Broad outlines
Trump's pitch leaned heavily on the economic benefits he said tax reform could deliver and aimed to get ahead of Democratic criticism that Trump's tax reform plans would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest Americans, as independent tax experts have estimated.
The criticism still flowed in, with Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez saying that Republican tax reform proposals "would overwhelmingly benefit the super-rich and corporations over hardworking Americans."
"Under this plan, the richest Americans would become even richer at the expense of middle-class families," Perez said in a statement. "Democrats believe that not one penny of tax cuts should go to the 1%. Instead of trying to benefit themselves, Trump and Republicans should work with Democrats to enact real, bipartisan tax reform for the middle class."
Trump began his remarks by sending prayers to the victims of Hurricane Harvey in Houston, calling the storm "deeply tragic" and telling those who lost loved ones in the storm that "all of America is grieving with you and our hearts are joined with you forever"
"We will endure and we will overcome," he said, praising first responders who "saved countless lives."
Trump's speech kicked off in earnest the effort of selling tax reform, which Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said last week he hopes to get to the President's desk by the end of the year.
As of yet, Trump's plan remained stuck in broad outlines: simplifying the tax code, creating a more competitive tax code, delivering tax relief for the middle class and repatriating offshore profits. Trump also said he would like to bring the business tax rate down to 15%, a figure that has been met with resistance by congressional leaders who see it as too low.
But Trump's mission on Wednesday, administration officials said, was to frame the debate, not lay out a detailed proposal.
That effort comes as he and his administration have raised the need for tax reform in fits and starts since the early days of his presidency. Mnuchin initially set the end of August as a timetable for passage of tax reform efforts and, in April, the administration released several topline numbers of its proposal. But the White House and Congress have failed to sync up in their ambitions for reform amid disagreements and as lawmakers remained stuck on failed efforts to repeal Obamacare.
Now, the White House faces a jam-packed fall legislative calendar that includes deadlines to avert a government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling -- and now added pressure to pass a disaster assistance package for recovery efforts in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
Timing
Trump's attempt to turn the national conversation to tax reform comes as the spotlight is firmly fixed on the disaster still unfolding in Texas and Louisiana, where hurricane damage and flooding continues to sending tens of thousands of people from their homes.
Trump made his first trip to Texas on Tuesday and is expected to return to the area on Saturday. A White House official said Trump would again address the disaster during his tax reform remarks.
Trump's first attempt at applying the bully pulpit to his tax reform push also comes on the heels of internal strife over the President's response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, which prompted Trump's top economic adviser Gary Cohn -- who along with Mnuchin has helmed tax reform efforts at the White House -- to publicly rebuke the White House's response to the white supremacist rally there.
"I believe this administration can and must do better in consistently and unequivocally condemning these groups and do everything we can to heal the deep divisions that exist in our communities," Cohn told the Financial Times in a striking rebuke of a president by one of his top advisers.
Cohn said he had decided to remain at the White House and administration officials have said he has remained focused on the tax reform push.
But Trump on Wednesday raised eyebrows when he thanked several members of his team by name and left Cohn -- who traveled with Trump to Missouri on Wednesday -- off the thank-you list.
"Anybody I forget?" Trump said, before moving on with his speech.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders pushed back on those drawing any conclusions from the omission, saying that while Trump "regularly mentions Cabinet members," he "rarely mentions staff."
But Trump on Wednesday did acknowledge two members of his staff, his chief of staff John Kelly and daughter Ivanka Trump, one of his top advisers.
Sanders insisted Trump and Cohn are continuing to work closely on tax reform.
"They're both working hard and extremely committed to providing tax relief for middle class America," Sanders said. "Gary Cohn is one of the people leading that effort for him and he will continue to do that."
The Trump administration outlined the broad strokes of its proposal for tax reform in April, proposing slashing the number of tax brackets from seven to three and bringing the corporate tax rate down to 15%. It also called for income tax brackets to be set at 10%, 25% and 35% -- the latter for the wealthiest Americans, down from the current 39.6% rate.
But since the administration released that outline, it agreed to give the reins on tax reform to Congress -- working with leaders as part of the "Group of Six" to come up with a single Republican tax reform plan that leaders hope will earn broad support in Congress.
Still, Trump is expected to play a much more public role in driving support for tax reform, taking to the road more frequently to hammer the benefits of tax reform than he did during Republicans' failed effort to repeal Obamacare.
Tax reform was at the core of Trump's economic proposals during his campaign and aides said it's an issue Trump feels he can effectively pitch to the public.
Mighty No. 9 Composer Manami Matsumae On Her Favourite Track In The Game
By Ishaan . July 30, 2014 . 5:00pm
Comcept have released an update on Mighty No. 9, this time featuring an interview with Manami Matsumae, who is contributing the game's soundtrack. You can view this above.
Matsumae says that the music for the Mighty No. 2 stage in particular came to her almost immediately. “They showed me the documentation, and when I got home, it flowed out of me like water,” she shared. You can listen to it here. Matsumae says it may be her favourite song in the game.
Manami Matsumae contributed to games such as Mega Man, Shovel Knight and the Derby Stallion series . You can find Part 1 of the interview with her in this post.
Hockey players often face inane questions in media interviews. They need to have a little fun sometimes.
Enter Ray Kaunisto.
The 27-year-old forward with the ECHL's Kalamazoo Wings (a Vancouver Canucks affiliate) skilfully snuck seven "meows" into an interview in a video that was posted to YouTube late last month.
"Right meow we came out and hit a few guys quickly there, we've got to get in the corners meow and maybe pass the puck a couple more times down in the neutral zone there meow," he said.
It's a testament to Kaunisto's skill that he managed to keep a straight face the whole time.
The "Meow Game" was made popular by the 2001 film "Super Troopers," in which one officer challenged another to say "meow" 10 times in an interaction with a motorist.
As Greg Wyshynski at Yahoo! Sports pointed out, Atlanta Falcons player Thomas DeCoud played the very same game in a 2012 interview.
Being hockey lovers, we'll hand this round to Kaunisto.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
Share 2 Pin 4 Shares
By Maria Saporta
Published in the Atlanta Business Chronicle on January 17, 2014
As important as it has been for Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank to select a leading architect to design an iconic football stadium, it has been just as important to recruit a visionary leader to help rebuild the neighborhoods around it.
The Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation has selected Frank Fernandez, executive director of Green Doors, a nonprofit organization in Austin, Texas, that connects vulnerable individuals and families to greater social and economic opportunities. He will begin his new role on Feb. 3.
“We will get a stadium done, and in my opinion, it will be one of the finest stadiums in the world,” Blank said in an interview. “If we do that, and we are not successful in our community work on the Westside, then we would have failed. The stadium is one measure of success. The long-term measure of success will be transforming the communities around the stadium.”
Fernandez will be the Blank Foundation's vice president of community development, and he will be its point person to implement the “Westside Neighborhood Prosperity Fund” — a program designed to contribute to the transformational revitalization and redevelopment of Vine City, English Avenue, Castleberry Hill and other adjacent neighborhoods.
The Blank Foundation conducted a national search to find one of the top community developers in the country — considering more than 600 “outstanding” candidates, according to its president, Penelope McPhee.
“The most important thing to us was to find an individual with a track record of success in the area of holistic community development,” McPhee said. “There are not that many of them. Frank is someone who has a track record of success, and he has demonstrated that in two neighborhoods in Austin. He's got a very holistic understanding of this kind of work. It's about jobs. It's about education. It's about parks and green space. You have to create a vision and culture in a community that can attract others.”
Fernandez, 39, is the son of Cuban immigrants who moved to Miami as adults. He remembered not having a phone, having their electricity turned off and starting school without speaking English.
Despite those challenges, Fernandez — who is 6'5”— and played football and basketball in high school, did well academically. He was able to get an academic scholarship to attend Harvard University, where he was awarded his bachelor's degree in 1996. He then went to work as a financial analyst for Salomon Smith Barney in New York City, structuring multi-million dollar financial transactions.
“I learned a ton, and it was very intellectually stimulating,” Fernandez said in a telephone interview. “But at the end of the day, I didn't feel I was making a difference.”
Partly because they were tired of the cold in the Northeast, he and his wife Tina (a native of Texas) decided to move to Austin, where he enrolled in graduate school at The University of Texas' Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs. He then became deputy director of PeopleFund, a community development financial institution.
After five years with PeopleFund, he became executive director of Green Doors. During his tenure, Fernandez is credited for helping acquire, rehabilitate and construct affordable housing units that serve about 400 people a year in 28 properties. Most of the individuals are able to graduate from Green Doors so they can live independently with the help of the nonprofit's supportive services such as increased access to sustainable employment. And that makes room for new individuals.
Fernandez has had a broad range of experiences in Austin. He received the “Vision Award” from Liveable City for his work creating HousingWorks. He also chairs the finance and audit committee for the Capital Metropolitan Transportation Authority, Austin's transit agency, and he has served on its board since January 2010.
In partnership with the Austin Police Department, he also led the transformation of Austin's Sweeney Circle block of the Pecan Springs neighborhood into a stable and thriving low-income housing, low-crime community with amenities for residents — including playgrounds, pocket parks, and community gathering places.
Now his task will be to try to replicate that kind of success in the neighborhoods around the new Falcons stadium — a blighted area that has had a series of disappointments and dashed hopes for community redevelopment. Since the Georgia Dome was built in the early 1990s, the population of Vine City and English Avenue has decreased from about 9,000 to 3,000.
Fernandez has toured the neighborhoods during his trips to Atlanta, but he literally wants to get his feet on the ground to fully understand the challenges facing the communities.
“My plan is to walk every square foot of the neighborhoods,” he said. “The thing that struck me was that this is a pretty blighted area with half of the neighborhood being vacant. One of the first things that needs to be addressed is all the vacant property.”
Fernandez, however, called the Westside “a singular opportunity to try to transform a community.” And because of the Blank Foundation and citywide focus on those communities, “there is an alignment of the stars to change an area where there has been disinvestment for so long.”
The Blank Foundation has pledged to invest $15 million by 2020 in the Westside communities. That will be matched by $15 million from Invest Atlanta with funding from the Westside Tax Allocation District.
But Blank said the foundation's contributions will not be limited to $15 million. The entire foundation staff is focused on helping transform the Westside communities and supporting Fernandez' efforts. Also, Blank said other partners will certainly be coming to the table.
Both Blank and Fernandez were asked if there would any special challenges given that Fernandez is of Latino descent working in a community that is primarily African-American.
“I was impressed with his background, his energy, his vision, his ability to communicate his vision and our vision, and his ability to work in a collaborative way. I was very impressed,” Blank said. “A lot of the population he has served has been very diverse, so that will not be a problem.”
Fernandez said it will be a matter of building trust and consensus among and between the various stakeholders.
“People are going to be skeptical at first. If you do what you say you are going to do, then you build credibility,” Fernandez said, adding that 50 percent of Green Doors' residents are African-American. “The reality is that this project will succeed if there is leadership. When I see revitalization fail is when you don't have consensus among the different groups.”
Ultimately Blank is optimistic that the stakeholders will come together around the common goal of creating one of Atlanta's most vibrant communities — where people will have better access to education, jobs, quality housing, transportation, parks and all the amenities that would draw new residents and visitors to come — not just before or after a football game.
“The new stadium is incredibly important to Atlanta, the region and the state,” Blank said. “However, if you look at the potential impact on human lives and making systemic changes in that area for 40 to 50 years, that's even more important. We have to make changes that are long-term and sustainable.”
The feds are currently investigating alleged failures by the University of Southern California officials and campus police to prosecute rape — including one student who was told that no rape occurred in her case because her alleged assailant did not orgasm. Yep.
Thirteen students, along with several other unnamed students, claim they suffered from "extensive failures on the part of USC administrators and the Department of Public Safety (DPS) in responding to reports of sexual violence on campus". The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) launched the inquiry on June 26 as part of response to the Title IX complaint filed in May. Several other colleges are currently under similar investigation.
It appears the issue of inaction on sexual assault claims runs deep — here's a list of things complainants are claiming they were told by USC officials and campus police:
[USC student Tucker] Reed, the lead complainant, said USC dismissed her claim that her ex-boyfriend had raped her, despite her providing audio recordings of him admitting to it. At one point, Reed said, a USC official told her the goal was to offer an "educative" process, not to "punish" the assailant.
When a student went to the DPS to report a sexual assault at a frat, an officer told her and a friend, also a sexual assault survivor who had accompanied her, that women should not "go out, get drunk and expect not to get raped."
A DPS detective told one student that the campus police determined that no rape occurred in her case because her alleged assailant did not orgasm.
Advertisement
Well, that last one is just science. And biology. And a special kind of dumb.
While it's exciting that these investigations are garnering wide exposure and people are finally paying attention to the issue of rape on campus, it'll be interesting to see how these investigations pan out. Here's hoping real results come in the form of university administrations and campus police who cares about the safety of all students. It's the very least these brave survivors and activists deserve.
[Huffington Post]
It is not politically correct to even hint at the possibility that one ethnic group excels over others. This is probably why few would mention the fact that 37 percent of 2017 Nobel Prize winners are Jews.
Explanations for this disproportionate Jewish contribution to humanity often speak of Jewish genius. Though those discussing the matter likely have no inkling of it, this is probably the closest rational explanation for the manifestation of what the Bible calls "God's chosen people."
This genius should not be confused with biology. It can't be found in Jewish genes or DNA. But it is this notion of biological elitism that leads so many to view Judaism as a racist religion. Instead, we say that this disproportionate distribution of genius is a sign of a people marked by God. Much like Cain's mark, it symbolizes an unbreakable covenant between God and Israel in service to the greater goal of improving all life on earth. And that this covenant is with all Israel is demonstrated by the fact that most of those Jews winning Nobel prizes are anything but religious.
Of the 11 people to receive Nobel prizes this year, Rainer Weiss (Jewish father), Barry Barish, Michael Rosbash and Richard Thaler are Jews. Weiss and Barish, who shared the prize in physics with Kip Thorne, won the Nobel "for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves." Michael Rosbash, who shared the prize in medicine with Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young, won the Nobel for his "discoveries of molecular mechanisms controlling the circadian rhythm." Thaler won the prize in economics "for his contributions to behavioral economics."
This Jewish achievement is all the more remarkable considering the dramatic increase in global population, of which the percentage of Jews has dramatically decreased. A mere two-tenths of one percent of all people living today are Jews. This means that the number of Jews receiving the Noble Prize is some 20,000 percent higher than their proportional number. Jews should not hide their sense of pride in this remarkable achievement, yet they will do well to remember that "it is He who gives you the strength, and so confirms His covenant, which He swore to your ancestors."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Margaret Chan, director-general of the World Health Organization, is the second-highest-ranking Chinese woman on the Forbes list
Chinese women have made their strongest showing on Forbes magazine's list of the world's most powerful women.
The survey also included a record number of women from the UK, though German Chancellor Angela Merkel remains in the top spot.
Hillary Clinton, the US presidential candidate, and Janet Yellen, chair of the Federal Reserve, were second and third.
The US dominated the list with 51 women represented, while China was second.
There are a record nine women from the world's most populous nation on the 2016 Power Women list. Lucy Peng, a senior executive at e-commerce giant Alibaba, and Margaret Chan, director-general of the World Health Organization, are the highest-ranked. Also on the list are Pollyanna Chu, chief executive of Hong Kong financial services firm Kingston Securities, and China's first lady, Peng Liyuan.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer, 41, is the youngest woman on the Forbes list
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nicola Sturgeon, leader of the Scottish National Party, makes her first appearance in the rankings
The survey features 100 women from 29 countries who represent sectors such as politics, business, technology and philanthropy.
Forbes said the women on the list control $1tn (£694bn) in revenue and influence more than 3.6bn people around the world.
There are 32 chief executives on the list, 12 world leaders and 11 billionaires, including nine who have built billion-dollar companies from scratch. The average age is 57, with Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer the youngest at 41 and Britain's Queen Elizabeth II the oldest at 90.
The number of UK women who made the rankings doubled to six. Besides Queen Elizabeth, they include Nemat Shafik, deputy governor of the Bank of England, and Katharine Viner, editor of the Guardian. The newcomers are Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland's First Minister, Zanny Minton Beddoes, editor of the Economist, and Eliza Manningham-Buller, chair of the Wellcome Trust.
'Extraordinary'
This is the sixth consecutive year Mrs Merkel has topped the list and the tenth time in total.
Moira Forbes, president and publisher of Forbes Woman, said it was "extraordinary" that Mrs Merkel had been able to maintain power for so long.
"She's not only the head of the fourth largest economy in the world but she's defied existential political and economic challenges to the EU, for example trying to ensure that countries like Greece and Spain adhere to the fiscal logic she espouses," she told BBC News. "She's also dealing with EU crises such as immigration...She's someone whose power extends far beyond traditional borders."
Ms Forbes noted that nearly half of the women on this year's list were from outside the US, while a quarter were from the Asia-Pacific region, the highest number since the survey's inception. "These are positive trends as women are ascending more into positions of traditional business corporate power but also political power," she said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Former Brazilian president Dilma Rouseff dropped off the list
Among the most high-profile drop-offs is Dilma Rousseff, the former president of Brazil, who was impeached in May over allegations of violating fiscal rules, which she denies.
Elizabeth Holmes, founder of the blood-testing firm Theranos, also failed to make the list. US federal agencies are investigating Theranos over allegations its tests are inaccurate. Last week, Forbes lowered its estimate of Holmes' personal fortune from $4.5bn to nothing, after previously declaring her America's richest self-made woman.
From his perch at the end of the bar, a pint of Smithwick's in hand, Ray O'Flaherty surveyed his fief at O'Flaherty's Irish Pub in downtown San Jose.
Sure, he was quick to intervene if his staff neglected a customer. When all was said, he was a dutiful proprietor. But he was there because it was the center of his social and historical world.
“He was the magnet that made it happen,” said his friend, ex-police Sgt. Dan McTeague. “You walked into O'Flaherty's pub for a jar, and there was the guy who looked like O'Flaherty.”
Entrepreneur, hotelier, peacemaker, and promoter once dubbed “The Irish Cowboy,” the ruddy-faced, white-haired 80-year-old died Saturday of complications from a stroke and long illness. He went the way he preferred, surrounded by his family.
O'Flaherty was quintessentially Irish — he never gave up his Irish citizenship — but American in his egalitarianism and appetite for risk.
“He treated everyone equally,” said ex-Mayor Tom McEnery, his landlord. “Who people were didn't impress him. The quality of their conversation impressed him more than any title.”
Irish native
Born in Birr, Ireland, on Nov. 17, 1932, O'Flaherty was the last of the six children of John and Marjorie O'Flaherty. His father, who became a sergeant in the Irish police, had been a right-hand man to Irish leader Michael Collins. Until it was stolen, his father's obituary hung inside the pub.
The young O'Flaherty, an accomplished athlete, grew up knowing the Irish leaders of his generation — peacemaker John Hume, later Prime Minister Bertie Ahern, and American president John F. Kennedy, whose 1963 visit to Ireland he helped manage.
Later on, when Mayor Tom McEnery forged a sister city relationship with Dublin, he relied on O'Flaherty to help make connections.
“Ray was probably the most influential Irishman in Northern California,” McTeague said. “For a lot of people, he was the direct liaison between Dublin and San Jose.”
With a background in running hotels, O'Flaherty came to California in 1972 to work for a cousin who ran a promotions company that put on circuses and rodeos for police and firefighters. It was intended as a yearlong gig. But O'Flaherty liked California and stayed. He and his wife Marie settled with their five kids in Santa Clara.
Irish cowboy
When the rodeo appeared at the Cow Palace, he would tumble from a Wells Fargo stagecoach, introduced as “the Irish Cowboy,” a title of merriment to his family because O'Flaherty knew little about riding horses (horse racing was another matter).
At heart, the new immigrant was a gambler, literally and philosophically. O'Flaherty was an acknowledged expert at liar's dice. And over his four decades in the valley, he founded “Rent-an-oldie” car rental and in 2002 opened O'Flaherty's pub.
“He felt generally speaking, ‘What's the worst that can happen?' ” said his son Brendan. “Take a chance on something. Some things will work, some won't work. Unless you take that chance, you won't know.”
You can lift a glass to that.
Contact Scott Herhold at 408-275-0917 or sherhold@mercurynews.com. Follow him at Twitter.com/scottherhold.
The following is a detailed list of results and scores from National Football League games aired on NFL Network's Thursday Night Football. Starting with the 2006 NFL season, NFL Network was awarded the rights to air Thursday night games (with some extra broadcasts on Saturday nights). Previously, games played on Thursdays were broadcast on TNT and ESPN.
Results by season [ edit ]
Listed below are games and their respective results played from 2006 to the present.
2000s [ edit ]
2006 season [ edit ]
Additional notes [ edit ]
According to Nielsen Media Research, the Broncos-Chiefs game that opened this package was the highest-rated program on cable/satellite TV in the United States on November 23, 2006, with a 6.8 rating (among available households) and an average of 4.2 million households. These numbers are especially remarkable, considering that millions of potential fans were unable to see the game due to their cable systems not making it available to them.
2007 season [ edit ]
2008 season [ edit ]
2009 season [ edit ]
The 2009 season featured a Friday night game on December 25, as the Thursday that week is Christmas Eve, and the NFL tries not to schedule games that night in deference to the holiday (a lone exception being a Monday Night Football game in 2007 due to scheduling conflicts caused by ESPN's broadcast contracts). Also, the start times were pushed back by five minutes, to 8:20 p.m. Eastern time (except for the December 25 game, starting at 7:30 PM EST/6:30 CST).
2010s [ edit ]
2010 season [ edit ]
2011 season [ edit ]
2012 season [ edit ]
Starting with this season, the NFL expanded to a full season Thursday Night Football schedule. But there were some changes with the biggest being that every team was guaranteed a primetime appearance. In addition to the Season opener, the primetime Thanksgiving game also aired on NBC.
2013 season [ edit ]
2014 season [ edit ]
Starting with the 2014 season, the NFL and CBS signed a deal that would put part of the Thursday Night Football package on national primetime. CBS, with an NFL Network simulcast, would air eight games (mostly the first half), while the NFL Network would air the other eight games (mostly the second half) exclusively. The deal was for one year with the option of a second year in 2015, which the NFL chose to exercise.
2015 season [ edit ]
2016 season [ edit ]
For the 2016 and 2017 seasons, a new Thursday Night Football deal took effect. Thursday Night Football was now an 18-game schedule with CBS broadcasting 5 games, NBC broadcasting 5 games, and the NFL Network simulcasting the whole season with 8 games exclusively. CBS Sports and NBC Sports each produced 4 NFL Network-only games.[3] The NFL also sold the digital rights to the package separately to Twitter.[4] Due to scheduling conflicts, NBC Sports had Mike Tirico team up with Cris Collinsworth for the Giants-Eagles game. Tirico, Doug Flutie, and Tony Dungy also called Dolphins-Jets and Ravens-Steelers.
2017 season [ edit ]
2017 marked the second and final year of the NFL's Thursday Night Football contract with CBS and NBC, as Fox would take over next season. Also, Amazon replaced Twitter as the digital rights holder. Also, along with the change in digital viewing, it was announced that there would be 11 games simulcast between CBS, NBC, and NFL Network. While CBS kept the original 5 games, NBC simulcasted 6 games with NFL Network. Also, the change meant that CBS would produce 4 NFL Network-only games, while NBC would produce 3 NFL Network-only games, including a Week 15 Saturday doubleheader. [5] In addition, after being banned from TNF for a year, and as backup play-by-play for NBC, Mike Tirico replaced Al Michaels full-time on Thursday night games. Tirico was slated to be the new studio host, replacing Bob Costas, who would retire from many major jobs with the network, like the Olympics. He was also slated to be backup play-by-play announcer, replacing Michaels on various occasions. Michaels is now focused on Sunday night games, while Tirico handled Thursday nights with Cris Collinsworth or Kurt Warner.
2018 marked the first year of Thursday Night Football on Fox. Fox Sports produced all 18 regular season games with 11 of those games on the Fox network (between weeks 4-15).[6] Starting in 2018, the NFL moved the start time of Thursday Night Football back, from 8:25 p.m. ET to 8:20 p.m. ET. All TNF games on Fox will also be streamed online via Amazon Prime Video, who replaced Twitter in 2017, under the CBS/NBC contract, with fellow Amazon subsidiary Twitch streaming all games as well, with Amazon Prime Video.
See also [ edit ]
Not to be confused with Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
André Tchaikowsky as a young man
André Tchaikowsky (also Andrzej Czajkowski; born Robert Andrzej Krauthammer; November 1, 1935 – June 26, 1982) was a Polish composer and pianist.
Life and career [ edit ]
Robert Andrzej Krauthammer was born in Warsaw in 1935. He had shown musical talent from an early age, and his mother, an amateur pianist, was teaching him the piano when he was four years old. His family was Jewish; when the Second World War broke out, they were moved into the Warsaw Ghetto. Krauthammer remained here until 1942, when he was smuggled out and provided with forged identity papers that renamed him Andrzej Czajkowski; he then went into hiding with his grandmother, Celina. The pair remained hidden until 1944, when they were caught up in the Warsaw Uprising, and they were then sent to Pruszków transit camp as ordinary Polish citizens, from which they were released in 1945. Tchaikowsky's father, Karl Krauthammer, also survived the war, and remarried, producing a daughter, Katherine Krauthammer-Vogt; Tchaikowsky's mother, Felicja Krauthammer (née Rappaport) was rounded up in the Warsaw Ghetto in 1942, and died in Treblinka.[1]
Andrzej Czajkowski, as he then was named (he later adopted the spelling André Tchaikowsky), resumed his lessons at age 9 in Lodz State School, under the tuition of Emma Altberg (herself once a student of Wanda Landowska); from here, he proceeded to Paris, where Lazare Lévy took over his education, and where he would also break off relations with his father for many years after an argument.[1]
After his return to Poland (1950), he studied at the State Music Academy in Sopot under Prof. Olga Iliwicka-Dąbrowska, and later at the State Music Academy in Warszawa under Prof. Stanisław Szpinalski. Already during his studies he began developing his concert career, displaying his showmanship through public performances of Bach's Goldberg Variations, Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 and providing listeners with improvisations on any given theme. From 1951, he took composition classes with Prof. Kazimierz Sikorski.
After his success at the fifth International Chopin Piano Competition, where he won the 8th award (1955), Tchaikowsky left to study in Brussels under Polish pianist Stefan Askenase.[2] As a result of his co-operation with Askenase, Tchaikowsky took part in the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition, winning third prize (1956).
In 1957, he gave a series of recitals in Paris, performing all of Ravel's compositions for piano in honor of the twentieth anniversary of the French composer's death. During the same time, he consulted Nadia Boulanger at Fontainbleau in matters of composition, as well as establishing contact with Arthur Rubinstein.
Despite his success as a pianist, André Tchaikowsky's greatest passion was composition. He wrote two Piano Concertos, a String Quartet, a setting of Shakespeare's Seven Sonnets for voice with piano, a Piano Trio and several compositions for piano solo. He completed an opera, The Merchant of Venice, based on Shakespeare's play. Most of the opera was written by 1978, and following discussions with the music critic Hans Keller, Tchaikowsky decided to submit it for consideration to English National Opera, then under the directorship of Lord Harewood. A playthrough of the first two acts was arranged in December 1981, with Harewood and the ENO artistic director David Pountney and conductor Mark Elder in attendance.[3] But in March 1982 Tchaikowsky received a letter from Harewood turning the opera down.[4] By this time Tchaikowsky was already seriously ill, and he died only three months later. His dying wish was that the opera be performed.[5] The opera was not produced until 2013 at the Bregenz Festival.
For RCA Red Seal and Columbia EMI, Tchaikowsky recorded works by Bach (Goldberg Variations), Haydn (two Sonatas, Variations in F minor), Mozart (Concerto in C major, two Sonatas and minor works), Schubert (waltzes, ländlers, German dances), Chopin (15 mazurkas) as well as Fauré (Piano Quartet in C minor). He made several recordings of his own works for the EMI label.
Skull [ edit ]
Tchaikowsky died of colon cancer at the age of 46 in Oxford.[1][6] In his will he left his body to medical research, and donated his skull to the Royal Shakespeare Company, asking that it be used as a prop on stage.[7] Tchaikowsky hoped that his skull would be used for the skull of Yorick in productions of Hamlet.[8] For many years, no actor or director felt comfortable using a real skull in performances, although it was occasionally used in rehearsals. In 2008, the skull was finally held by David Tennant in a series of performances of Hamlet at the Courtyard Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon.[9] After the use of Tchaikowsky's skull was revealed in the press, this production of Hamlet moved to the West End and the RSC announced that they would no longer use Tchaikowsky's skull (a spokesman said that it would be "too distracting for the audience").[10] However, this was a deception; in fact, the skull was used throughout the production's West End run, and in a subsequent television adaptation broadcast on BBC2.[11] Director Gregory Doran said, "André Tchaikowsky's skull was a very important part of our production of Hamlet, and despite all the hype about him, he meant a great deal to the company."[11]
Notable compositions [ edit ]
Piano Concerto No. 1 (1957)
Sonata for piano (1958)
Sonata for clarinet and piano, Op. 1 (1959)
Inventions for piano, Op. 2 (1961–1962)
String Quartet No. 1 in A major, Op.3 (1969–1970)
Piano Concerto No. 2, Op. 4 (1966–1971)
String Quartet No. 2 in C major, Op. 5 (1973–1975)
Opera, The Merchant of Venice (1968–1982)
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
They say a picture is worth a thousand words. In this case, it might be worth a thousand food stamps.
In the town of Brushton, New York, 30 people were arrested for food stamp fraud. Can you guess how many people were black? None, as the picture below shows. All of those arrested were white. Thankfully, the myth of black folks as welfare cheats who game the system — a carefully crafted GOP invention to appeal to racists — has been exposed for what it is.
And with the 2016 presidential campaign upon us, here is an issue Republicans will be unable to exploit, or shouldn't be able to exploit for political gain. Not that they won't try.
From the late 1960s, white segregationist Democrats — resentful of black power and the gains African-Americans made during the civil rights movement — fled to the Republican Party. The Republicans were able to appeal to white skin solidarity, with poor and working class whites voting against their economic interests. “If you can convince the lowest white man that he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket,” said President Lyndon B. Johnson. “Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll even empty his pockets for you.”
Under the Southern Strategy, the GOP was able to win over racists without actually sounding racist. Republican strategist Lee Atwater perfected race card politics by channeling white racial resentment of black people into opposition to welfare and government programs.
“You start out in 1954 by saying, “N***er, n***er, n***er.” By 1968 you can't say “n***er” — that hurts you, backfires. So you say stuff like, uh, forced busing, states' rights, and all that stuff, and you're getting so abstract,” Atwater said. “Now, you're talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you're talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is, blacks get hurt worse than whites.… ‘We want to cut this,' is much more abstract than even the busing thing, uh, and a hell of a lot more abstract than ‘N***er, n***er.'”
In his presidential campaign, Ronald Reagan promoted the idea of the “welfare queen” — the stereotypical inner city black woman who has numerous children out of wedlock, and buys drugs and Cadillacs with welfare money. “She used 80 names, 30 addresses, 15 telephone numbers to collect food stamps, Social Security, veterans' benefits for four nonexistent deceased veteran husbands, as well as welfare. Her tax-free cash income alone has been running $150,000 a year,” Reagan said in a 1976 campaign ad. This black face of welfare was offered as unsubstantiated evidence of massive fraud in government programs and used as a justification for cutting programs to the poor under the guise of welfare reform.
Meanwhile, although food stamp fraud is rare, and certainly far less than Medicare and Medicaid abuse, the GOP war on food stamps continues. For example, some Congressional Republicans want to require Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) recipients to submit to drug tests or show a photo ID when they purchase food with their government-issued debit cards. Alan Wilson, the Republican attorney general of South Carolina, has created a special unit to prosecute people who abuse food stamps — including the alleged practice of using benefits cards like ATM cards and receiving cash payouts from merchants rather than food.
And the racialization of welfare was on full display recently when state Rep. Gene Alday, a Republican lawmaker in Mississippi, told the Clarion-Ledger he opposed increased funding for black elementary school children in an effort to improve reading scores. Alday suggested such measures are futile, as he came from a town where “all the blacks are getting food stamps and what I call ‘welfare crazy checks.' They don't work.”
Republicans have called President Obama the “food stamp president” because enrollment in the program has increased 70% since he took office. Despite the past Republican successes in labeling food stamps as a black program, whites make up the largest share of food stamp recipients at 40%, followed by blacks at 26% and Latinos at 10%. Last year, Owsley, Kentucky was identified as the food stamp capital of the country, a 99% white and 95% Republican community. Moreover, the shaming and criminalization of Americans on food stamps obscures the fact that there is a hunger crisis in America, the land of plenty, and millions really need food stamps to survive.
The USDA defines food security as “access by all people at all times to enough food for an active, healthy life.” In 2013, 49.1 million people — 1 in 6 Americans — were food insecure, often forced to skip meals, eat less or otherwise go hungry due to poverty. 19.5% of households with children were food insecure, as were 26.1% of black households and 23.7% of Hispanic households. Meanwhile, 45 million, or 14.5% lived below the poverty line.
And last year, the Census Bureau found that 46.5 million people relied on food stamps, including 16 million children, or 1 in 5, the highest since the 2008 economic downturn. Moreover, a new report from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities found that stricter eligibility rules in states across the country could remove 1 million people from food stamps, resulting in “serious hardship for many.”
Conservatives will have you believe these are lazy black people, welfare cheats and drug abusers who are dependent on out-of-control, wasteful government programs and buy cigarettes and alcohol with their SNAP benefits card. But when the GOP is no longer able to rely on race-baiting and racial stereotypes to attack food stamps and other antipoverty programs, what do they have left? We are left wondering what Republicans would do to address the problem of massive poverty and hunger in America. The myth must end now.
Follow David A. Love on Twitter at @davidalove
WASHINGTON — In a closed-door meeting in February 2010, Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates urged his French counterpart not to proceed with the sale of two amphibious assault ships to Russia because it “would send the wrong message to Russia and to our allies in Central and East Europe.”
The French official, Hervé Morin, acknowledged that each of the ships — so-called Mistral-class vessels built for the French Navy to carry troops, landing craft, and helicopters — was “indeed a warship for power projection,” according to a confidential diplomatic cable on the meeting, which was made public by WikiLeaks. But Mr. Morin “asked rhetorically how we can tell Russia we desire partnership but then not trust them,” the cable added.
With Russia's annexation of Crimea and some 40,000 Russian troops deployed near Ukraine, Western officials are no longer putting their trust in Russia's intentions. But despite American objections, the sale is still on track, and the first ship is scheduled for delivery late this year.
During a visit here on Tuesday, the French foreign minister, Laurent Fabius, said his government would decide in October whether to proceed with the delivery of two of the ships, and asserted that France had struck the right balance between “dialogue and firmness” in its dealings with Moscow. Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated in his meeting with Mr. Fabius that the sale was not helpful, seeking a way to prevent it, according to a State Department official. But Mr. Fabius later asserted to reporters that Mr. Kerry had not demanded that France cancel the sale.
“Three, two, one, now!” Just seconds ago Asmin “Oz” Pathare was sitting under a beach umbrella in the baking heat, gazing off into the distance—now he has jumped to his feet behind his camera tripod and is on his walkie-talkie with fellow scientist Steve Metzger, who's a couple hundred yards away. At the count of zero, they both trigger their shutters to get a stereo picture of the devil headed our way.
From This Story [×] CLOSE Mars researchers from the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson visited Eldorado Valley outside Las Vegas in the summer of 2009 to learn more about dust devils, which also occur on Mars. Here the scientists drive a specially equipped truck into the swirling dust to record basic information about wind speed, dust impacts, pressure, temperature and humidity. Video: Planetary Science Institute Video: Chasing Dust Devils
Me, I'm riding shotgun in a pickup truck with a bunch of scientific instruments duct-taped to the roof (a temporary backup—the team normally uses a specially equipped vehicle). In the driver's seat is Matt Balme of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson, Arizona. He's an expert on dust devils—the little whirlwinds that form in dusty parking lots and ballfields, picking up whatever sand and grit lie in their path. Except that the dust devils here, on this dry lakebed outside Las Vegas, aren't so little.
Which is good.
Balme guns it, and off we race, dodging rocks, ruts, and creosote bushes as he tries to maneuver the truck into the devil's path. At the last second he turns hard and jerks to a stop. The dust devil passes through us, the blast of sand audible against the metal of the truck. We glance down at the dust particle counter and Balme records the number. The other instruments have captured wind speed and direction, atmospheric pressure, humidity, and temperature.
“That was awesome,” Balme says. Then we sit back and wait for the next one, just as he and his colleagues have been doing all day, every day, for two weeks. Here at Eldorado Valley, the dust devils, some of which rise hundreds of yards into the pitiless desert sky, form every few minutes.
What sounds like a lark for teenage off-roaders is actually NASA-funded research into an atmospheric phenomenon common on Mars. Temperatures there are much colder than in Nevada, of course, and the air is thinner. But no matter—in both settings, it's the temperature differential between the ground and the air that fuels dust devil formation.
Balme and his colleagues want to know the basic physics and meteorology of dust devils, including how much material they pump into the atmosphere. The scientists don't think devils cause the global dust storms that occur frequently on Mars, but they may contribute to the day-to-day dustiness of the atmosphere; that's something the team hopes to determine.
Planetary researchers are good at finding cheap ways to simulate Mars on Earth, and other scientists have tagged along on this trip, including a team from the Open University in Milton Keynes, England (where Balme is also a research fellow), who are testing an ultraviolet sensor intended for Europe's ExoMars rover, scheduled to launch in 2018. It's hot, dusty work, and though Balme admits the driving is fun, he says that after a month in the field, here and in Arizona, he'll be glad to get home.
Then a call comes over the walkie-talkie, and we're off chasing another dust devil. So far that makes something like 500 here at Eldorado alone.
Elephant keepers in India have an interesting way of keeping their elephants from running away. They tie them to a wooden peg with a rope.
It doesn't make sense on the surface, since a rope like that has no hope of holding a grown elephant. But ask any elephant keeper and he will chuckle and explain:
When a baby elephant is born, the herder ties it to a peg with a rope. At this point, the rope is strong enough to hold the elephant. The baby elephant quickly learns that trying to escape the rope is futile. And he keeps that learning with him, even as he grows up and the rope becomes far too weak to hold him.
And like that rope, we often form beliefs that might be useful at first, but then hold us back in life, long after the original reasons are gone.
I won't go into much detail on why limiting beliefs suck. If you're reading this, you probably already know that they do! (If not, just google it).
Instead, I'll get right into how to change them!
So get ready, because soon you will learn how to dissolve emotional superglue, cut off table legs of evidence, and replace limiting beliefs with empowering ones!
What is a belief, exactly?
I covered this briefly in EVERYTHING Is A Belief. If you don't feel like reading it, here are the key points:
there is no “true” or “false” with beliefs, only useful and detrimental
a belief is just the best available explanation of the evidence you observe
This time, we'll dig a bit deeper. And I've prepared some pictures to help you understand 😀 (behold my artistic skills…)
Think of a belief as a tabletop. The legs are the supporting evidence. And sometimes the legs are even superglued to the floor of your mind with emotions.
(Here in the UK we weirdos call it “maths” because it's short for mathematics. If that confuses you, just pretend I say “math” throughout this article 😉 )
And to break a limiting belief, you will first need to get rid of the superglue, then get rid of the evidence, and only then can you change it.
Here's the step-by-step process:
Changing your limiting beliefs
Let's go through this process together. This will work best if you pick a limiting belief, and go through this process with that in mind.
1. Identify a limiting belief
Take a few moments to think about beliefs you hold that might be holding you back.
It can be in the form “I am …” or just about the world in general. As long as you think it might be holding you back, that will work.
Remember, there is no true or false with beliefs. Only useful and detrimental. Don't worry about “truth”, and instead decide if it's useful to you, or if a different belief would be more useful.
For example, you might believe that “The recession is a bad time to start a business”. That would definitely be more limiting than “There will always be demand for exceptional products and services.”
Take a few moments to pick a limiting belief. You can still carry on reading if you can't think of anything, but it would be really helpful if you do.
2. Choose a belief you would like to have instead
This will become important later (when we dislodge the evidence for your old, limiting belief and replace it with evidence for the new one).
I think this step is pretty self-explanatory, so I'll just give you two examples:
old: “I am unattractive.”
new: “I can attract just the right partner for me.”
old: “I will never earn over $30,000 a year.”
new: “I can earn as much as I want for my ideal life.”
3. Get rid of the emotional superglue
Very often, beliefs have an emotional charge attached to them.
I was at a life coaching seminar recently and I heard a great example of this. We talked about beliefs, and one woman in her forties put up her hand timidly:
“Yes?” Asked the presenter.
“I still believe in Santa Claus and the tooth fairy,” she piped up.
The presenter dug a bit deeper. It turns out the woman still believed in those things, because it brought her the feelings of:
being in touch with her roots
sharing the culture with other people
And so she held on to it. Note that this was NOT a limiting belief for her. She lived her life quite fine with it.
I just wanted to give you an example of beliefs giving emotional payoffs.
With that in mind, once you've identified your limiting belief, think about the emotional payoff it gives you.
For example, thinking you suck at maths might give you:
commiserating with friends who also claim to suck at maths
giving up responsibility for your maths grade
avoiding being called a “geek”
and many others…
The emotional payoff you get is unique to you.
Once you've figured out what it gives you, it's time for the all-important question: Is the emotional payoff worth holding on to this belief?
Take a good few moments to answer this. Because you know what? Sometimes the answer is “yes”. In which case you can stop right there, because no technique (except advanced psychotherapy) will help you change something you don't want to change.
But let's say you decide the emotional payoff isn't really worth the limitation. You decide you want to change!
At this point, you've already begun dissolving the emotional superglue. There's still some left, but every time you remind yourself that you really want to change, it gets weaker.
(Using the Pain and Pleasure Principle might help at this point. It will help you increase the motivation to change and decrease the motivation to stick with your old beliefs.)
4. Re-frame the evidence
Remember how a belief is just the best available explanation for the evidence?
Well, you decide what is the “best” explanation for the evidence! You can easily choose an alternate explanation that doesn't limit you. And once you do, this new way of thinking about the evidence often makes more sense than the old one!
Let's go with the tabletop, and re-frame the evidence so it no longer supports “I suck at maths”:
Evidence 1:
I failed the last two tests
Alternate explanation:
I haven't studied properly for them. I used the wrong studying methods.
Evidence 2:
I got an answer wrong in class
Alternate explanation:
I was tired
or
Even the best students sometimes get it wrong. Getting an answer wrong is not an indication of maths skills.
or
I have become better at maths by stepping up and getting the chance to fail and get feedback.
Evidence 3:
My mother said it's her genes
Alternate explanation:
Robert has parents who claim they suck at maths, yet he's a maths genius. Clearly mathematical ability isn't fully hereditary.
Notice how the evidence no longer supports “I suck at maths”?
Some evidence might take a bit of skill to re-frame. But with a bit of practice, you can easily dislodge most evidence for your negative beliefs quickly.
Take a moment now to re-frame the evidence for you own limiting belief. (You're carrying one in mind as we go along, right?)
Also, sometimes you will find it hard, or even impossible to reframe all of the evidence. That's ok. As long as you take away as many supporting legs as possible, you will be able to shift the belief with this next step:
Update March 2013 – Since reframing seems to be a big sticking point for a lot of people, I've written up a clarification of the concept. So if you're not feeling quite on top of it, check out reframing explained.
5. Find evidence for your new belief
Beliefs have a funny way of operating.
They focus your mind on certain things… so you completely miss things that are inconsistent with those beliefs.
If you believe you're unattractive, you will notice all the snide remarks and dirty looks – yet completely miss the smiles, greetings and compliments, or just discount them as irrelevant.
Because of this, beliefs automatically snowball. Once a belief gains certain weight, it will start to tack on more and more legs of evidence, and ignore any contrary evidence. So deep-seated beliefs might take several sessions like this, over several days, to get rid of. But the process still works.
In this step, you will actively find all the evidence you can think of to support your new belief!
Think back to all the things that happened in your life, no matter how small or irrelevant they seem, that support it.
The goal here is to establish as many legs as possible. If you get enough evidence, this new belief will blow the old one right out.
And once the new belief become entrenched in your mind, it will start to accumulate even more evidence for itself! Suddenly, the snowballing effect works in your favour! 😀
So take a few moments to remember all the evidence from your life that supports your new belief.
Summary and next actions
Hopefully, you've gone through this post with a limiting belief in mind. If you did, you already know how well this method works.
If you couldn't think of one, that's ok. You now know what to do the next time you notice one!
To summarize:
Identify a limiting belief Pick a belief you would like to hold instead Get rid of the emotional superglue Cut off the table legs of evidence by reframing them Gather as much evidence as possible for your new empowering belief
And as you practice this method, it will become ever easier and more effective. You might even start noticing limiting beliefs that your friends hold. Feel free to share this method with them- I want as many people as possible to benefit from this!
And even though the effect might be small at first… it builds up over time. Like the butterfly flapping its wings that cause a tornado in the distant future – swapping out your limiting belief for an empowering one will have bigger and bigger positive consequences as you go through life!
Make the best of this method. It will serve you well!
It proved to be aboard the Toreador, and a half-hour later there was such a reunion on the deck of the trig little yacht as no one there had ever dreamed might be possible.
I cannot but feel compassion when I hear some trig , compact-looking man, seemingly free, all girded and ready, speak of his "furniture," as whether it is insured or not.
TRIG also said during the year it was able to complete the project to build the 22.
Graffiti on the Trig Point has long been an issue, with rangers having to re-paint it frequently.
To go trig bagging, locate a trig point on a map - it's a small triangle with at dot at the centre - and walk to it.
We're always in search of fresh, unique products," said Trig Modern owner Bob Drake.
Trig Entertainment, Trig Social MediaEe's subsidiary handling all operative matters, has initiated the process to relocate relevant job functions to the countries of operation where TrigEe's future revenues will be derived in order to focus more closely on those markets.
Palin quickly fired back at PETA, saying that "at least Trig didn't eat the dog,'' a reference to President Barack Obama revealing that he was "introduced to dog meat'' while living in Indonesia.
The The cellor look for the stores came from a trip Lee, Trig and I took out to California to visit with Korbel," Kohl says.
0m, which will be paid in full through a new issue of shares in Trig Social Media AB valued at EUR2.
TRIG is the latest fund to come to market, starting out with 14 wind farms and four solar parks, capable of powering 150,000 homes, most in the UK, with a couple in France and Ireland.
Top 25 Best Indie Fantasy Books
Our picks for the best Self Published / Independent Fantasy
Welcome to our new, and long-overdue list: The Best Indie Fantasy Books. It's been years in the making, but I've finally put my best efforts into giving a good guide to what's hot in the self-pub fantasy world. And there's quite a bit of hidden gems to find if you know just what to look for.
This Best Indie List has been thouroughly updated November 2017 to reflect new indie books that have come out since the list was first published in 2016.
The State of Self Publishing
There's a lot of indie fantasy out there now with most of it available on the Amazon marketplace.
The past five years have seen a boom in the self publishing market, arguably, a revolution of the publishing model.
Amazon, by allowing authors to self publish on the Amazon marketplace (and keeping 70 percent of the profits), have overturned the status quo of the book industry, toppling the monopoly held by the Big Six publishing houses who have, before this, acted as the gatekeepers of fiction.
Hordes of authors, unshackled and unchained, are pouring through the opening gates, seeking fame, fortune, or maybe even just the thrill of seeing their books for sale, somewhere, and knowing they are, in some measure, a professional author.
Some of the biggest publishing success stories have been self published authors hitting it big. In some cases, really big.
Andy Weir self published The Martin. Millions of copies sold,a Riddely Scott Movie later, and now he's nearly as famous as Gandhi.
Hugh Howey, one of the most popular science fictions on Amazon (and arguably, the world), self published his original Wool Trilogy.
Anthony Ryan published The Blood Song – a book that many people have hailed to be the new The Name of the Wind.
And Michael J. Sullivan, indie publishing pioneer, started doing it over a decade ago, self pubbing his books back before it was an established model (I still have one of the original review copies he sent me back in 2008).
Take any genre and you can find dozens, hundreds of these success stories. And for every Hugh Howey and Andy Weir taking up the glory, there are hundreds or thousands of other authors silently making a full time income -- sometimes a ridiculously good income -- behind the scenes, selling digital book after digital book, laughing all the way to the bank.
So yes, Self Pub is a thing now.
A big thing.
Yes, there are many self published authors making six and even seven figures thanks to the Amazon marketplace – selling hundreds of thousands – even millions – of digital copies.
You may have never heard of these authors, may never see them in a bookstore, but they are indeed professional authors, making money that even their traditionally published counterparts, could only dream of.
Because a self published author keeps the lion share of profits (up to 70 percent) on Amazon and the easy ‘anyone can publish' kindle marketplace platform which gives authors access to the huge Amazon marketplace, self publishing is, for many authors, a better choice than going the traditional route.
It's not uncommon for traditionally published authors who sell more books than self pub authors to make far less money.
So these days, self publishing does not necessary mean an author is not good enough to get a traditional publishing contract – for many authors, it's a better financial decision, one that gives them full control over their intellectual property.
Indie Fantasy: The Good, The Bad, and the Really Grammatically Incorrect
Welcome to the world of self-pub fantasy (also called indie fantasy or independent fantasy) – the wild, wild west of the publishing world.
It's a great place for new authors, still learning their skill, to grow in. And for other authors, a method of freeing themselves from the iron grip of the publishing houses, and becoming masters of their own destinies and all that.
The problem is, there's so much of it to sort through.
Welcome to what's being called the Great American Slush Pile – also known as the Kindle indie marketplace.
With the gates of publishing swung wide open, and every person who feels they have a novel in them able now to finally publish that novel, a rising tide of self published books have washed over us.
You'll find a wide range of quality in the self pub world – from fiction that rivals anything you would find published, to stuff that even a grade 6 English teacher would fail.
With the gatekeepers of publishing toppled -- those that allowed a minimum sort of quality to pass through or at least ensured mandatory editing on the final products -- and independent books flooding the marketplace, it can be nigh impossible to sort the wheat from the chaff.
The onus to sort through the slush of bad indie books to find the good is now on the public to find the jewels buried beneath the trash: those hordes of free reviewers who get a kick searching for hidden gems, those book bloggers who love the thrill of a literary treasure hunt, and those publishers looking to find the next Andy Weir.
If you start reading enough self published fantasy, you'll see why not everyone who has a novel in them should share that novel with the public. There's a lot of trash to be found indeed: unedited dreck, clunky dialogue, and horrific plots abound. For every hidden jewel, you'll have to dig through a lot of dirt.
And this is the problem with the self publishing landscape – the quality is so variable and the quantity so vast. It is very hard to sort out the jewels from the trash. But yes, if you dig down enough, you can find those books that make the hard hunt worth the effort.
So Why Read Indie Fantasy
Because you never know what you might find hidden in the heap. You could discover the next great book before anyone else. The thrill of the hunt can sometimes be just as pleasurable as finding what you seek.
And you may find a wide variety of eclectic fiction that you'd never ever see published the traditional way -- exotic stories and setting that are bursting with creativity and imagination -- books that NEED to be read.
And finally, a financial decision -- because you can read books for cheap or even FREE. Indie fantasy also tends to be incredibly cheap – you can find some of the books given away for FREE, while others may be .99 or 1.99. Indie fantasy tends to be under a couple bucks – at least half the cost of traditionally published authors, and sometimes a third or even less.
Our Guide to Self Published Fantasy
And so finally, this is where our new list comes in: The Top 25 Best Indie Fantasy Books.
We give our best efforts at pointing you to some of the better independent fantasy on the Kindle marketplace – stuff that stands out, the wheat among the chaff.
We've looked at hundreds and hundreds of self pub fantasy to bring you what we feel is the best out there. Compiling this list was rather difficult. First finding the books to check out (the indie marketplace is like an ocean with the available books as numerous as fish -- and we are trying to find a specific kind of fish here...) was a challenge, then sorting the more stand out ones from the pack even harder. Then actually having to read the books, even more time consuming.
I found Mark Lawrence's (you know, author of The Broken Empire series) Great Self Published Fantasy Blog Off contest immensely helpful for helping to point me in the direction of some of the stand out picks. Other books came from my own readings and recommendations from other blogs / readers.
I fully acknowledge that this list is, by nature, limiting – there may well be a lot of excellent fantasy that is not included in this list. But such is the pitfalls of this list.
I don't want to claim these are the best of the best, but I feel these do stand out about many, many of the rest of the self pub fantasy. So at the very least, use this list as a starting road map into the landscape of independently published fantasy.
I will be keeping this list updated from month to point out NEW recommendations -- so it's certainly not a final list.
You'll find that many of these books are well known by some readers who keep their fingers on the pulse of indie fantasy, while other books may be relatively unknown. But just maybe, one of these authors may turn out to be the next Andy Weir, the next Anthony Ryan or Michael J Sullivan.
So if you are ready to explore the wild west of indie fantasy, follow our guide into the wild then start exploring – you'll never know what undiscovered jewel you just might find.
Note, that we only list self published authors, not originally self published authors who are now published with the big traditional publishers after they found success.
Authors, like Michael J Sullivan (Riyria series), David Dalglish (A Dance of Shadows series), Anthony Ryan (The Blood Song) and other such fantasy authors will not be listed here on this list because I don't consider them strictly self-published anymore.
Also, note that some of these authors on the list will probably land publishing contracts at some point and may cease to be ‘self-published'. However, at the time of this list, they are self-pub authors or nearly so.
And For More Recommendations...
Don't be limited ONLY by my list here. It's my personal pick of best, but you WILL find a lot more if you go hunting. So use my list as a guide, but not the ONLY guide. You'll have to do some digging on your own as well!
Here are some MORE resources to help you find Indie fantasy.
' Check out our forum post about Top 25 Indie Fantasy Books Forum Thread to find more recommendations and discussions about indie.
Check our new 2017 list of the best LitRPG books -- one of the newest and most popular new SFF genres right now.
' Read the comment section on this list below. Readers will leave their own indie recommendations there.
' Look for indie fantasy recommendations over on the Reddit Fantasy forums: https://www.reddit.com/r/Fantasy
If it's broken, then it needs to be fixed.
Despite winning the Central Division, the St. Louis Blues' season was a disappointment, thanks to a first-round playoff loss to the Minnesota Wild.
Another early postseason exit led to uncertainty about whether Ken Hitchcock would stay on as head coach, but that speculation was squashed when Blues general manager Doug Armstrong retained Hitchcock in May.
The Blues GM did, however, stress that changes will come to the team's lineup for next season.
"I know there's going to be four or five changes already just based on free agency and the age of players," Armstrong said last week, according to Jeremy Rutherford of the St. Louis Post Dispatch. "The team that wins the Stanley Cup is probably going to have four or five roster changes. It's just the nature of a salary-cap system. So we are going to have a different look."
Rutherford speculates on a number of names the Blues could part with in the near or immediate future:
Much of the fan focus has been centered on disassembling the Blues' core, a group that many identify as including David Backes, Alexander Steen, T.J. Oshie, Patrik Berglund and Barret Jackman. Backes has one season left on his five-year contract, while Steen, Oshie and Berglund each have two years remaining on their deals. Jackman will be an unrestricted free agent this offseason.
Backes, the team's captain and one of their top performers, believes Armstrong will make changes and the team should be prepared for them.
"I do expect change as far as we didn't get a job done and there needs to be some change or else you're buying into complete insanity, which is doing the same thing and expecting different results," Backes said. "I do expect change to happen. On what scale and what realms, that is Army's baby and that's what his position does.
"I do expect that the same 23-25 faces won't be back. In a typical year, that means it's four or five guys (leaving). If it's that number or maybe a couple more, that wouldn't be surprising to me. Who that would be is speculative at best in my book."
If changes are made, the Blues could rely on youngsters such as Jaden Schwartz, Jake Allen, and Vladimir Tarasenko to fill the void. Armstrong said re-signing Tarasenko is his top priority.
The Perl community gets a lot of things right right now. Consider the CPAN: we expect a few standards of compatibility and kwalitee, but as long as you adhere to rough consensus, your work is useful and usable to a million other Perl programmers.
We have a good understanding of how to package your work and how to mark dependencies and how to document it, and that rough consensus allows sites such as search.cpan.org to provide infrastructure that allows me to read cross-linked documentation of the 84,944 modules on the CPAN (as of this afternoon).
Even the standard documentation mechanism for Perl modules (POD, adhering to a loosely-agreed organizational scheme) contributes to the utility and usability of the Perl ecosystem. You expect perldoc Your::Distro::Name to display something useful for the distro, even if it's a table of contents to other documentation. Larger projects or frameworks have introductions and tutorials and guided recipes (you know, like a "book" for "cooking", except without infringing on a trademark). If you know what you're doing and need a mere syntax refresher—or if your problem is small enough that a handful of lines of code can solve it—the SYNOPSIS section of the documentation is often enough.
Other times it isn't. Explain Plack in a paragraph, or DBIx::Class, or Perl::Critic, or Bread::Board (or explain Bread::Board at all; sometimes I think Stevan and Yuval are the only people who understand it).
Many of the wonderful new tools I want to use in Perl right now have a steep learning curve. I understand that some of them (Devel::Declare) have essential complexity that users must master before using the tool effectively. Not everything does—look at Test::Tutorial, which takes a subject which seemed complex and confusing in 2000 and 2001 and is commonplace and expected in 2010. Writing effective tests well is still an art of experience and good taste, but half an hour with that documentation has been enough to explain the basics to thousands and thousands of people.
I recognize that a SYNOPSIS won't suffice for demonstrating even a simple Catalyst application, with user authentication and logging and route dispatching and a model which is more complex than a Blog with Posts and Comments, but perhaps there's something in between a "Hello, world!" tutorial and the gory documentation of individual components and their methods. (Catalyst does this better than almost every other CPAN project.) Maybe larger projects should consider guided walkthroughs of real and modest-sized applications, especially if they include discussions about design goals and tradeoffs.
We're good at documenting reusable pieces of larger systems—CPAN encourages us to build applications that way. Can we improve further?
I found a good post on how to build your own toy compiler using Flex, Bison and LLVM. I saw one disadvantage right in the beginning: you had to use C++. If I were just prototyping a compiler, I wouldn't use C++ but rather a dynamic language. And last semester for the Compilers course that's what I did.
Students were assigned to build a Pascal compiler (actually a subset, but not that small) and the tools suggested were Lex, Yacc (using the C language) and compiling the code into C. I took a different approach and decided to do the project in Python (I actually tried ruby first, but the ruby-lex and ruby-yacc projects didn't pass my basic tests).
I wrote the language grammar using PLY (the lex and yacc DSLs for python) and it was pretty simple. As for the AST generation, I had only a class Node that accepted an type and a list of arguments while my colleagues using C had to make 1001 structs for each kind of node. Not that it wasn't impossible using C, but dynamic languages make the code simpler and more clear.
For the code generation, I decided to go with LLVM. It is a very promising project. Just take a look at Google's unladen-swallow or macruby, even parrot is planing on using llvm for their JIT.
For writing the code in Python, I had to use the llvm-py which I may say it's in a early stage and lacks documentation. That was my major problem using. I had only three resources: the official guide, a presentation in japanese with some source code, and the actual source of the project (in C and C++).
Since every time I got an error in the llvm code generation it crashed the program, I had to dig into the source code of the project and find that error message and reverse engineer what was wrong with my code (usually I was giving values or pointers instead of references and vice-versa). So if you are doing something more complex, you actually need some C++ reading skills.
The project however worked, and I'm making it available so anyone may use the code as an example until better resources are published.
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) [NBC News]
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) shrugged off Rep. Louie Gohmert's (R-TX) insinuation that he was an “al Qaeda supporter” in an interview with NBC Nightly News host Brian Williams on Wednesday, while conceding to an increasing amount of polarization between lawmakers.
“On that particular issue, sometimes comments like that are made out of malice,” McCain told Williams. “But if someone has no intelligence, I don't view it as being a malicious statement. You can't respond to that kind of thing.”
Gohmert made a thinly-veiled reference to McCain during an Oct. 11 appearance at the Value Voters Summit, mocking his trip to meet with rebel leaders in Syria by calling him, “a guy that's been to Syria and supported Al Qaeda and the rebels.”
The two also clashed in 2012, with Gohmert calling McCain and other GOP lawmakers “numbnuts” after McCain criticized Gohmert and Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-MN) for what he called “specious and degrading attacks” against former State Department aide Huma Abedin.
“I intend to maintain civility, and I intend to respect the views of others,” McCain told Williams before alluding to the government shutdown, which he described as a fool's errand. “But I also intend to make it clear that we cannot do this kind of thing to the American people.”
Watch McCain's interview with Williams, aired on Wednesday, below.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
VANCOUVER, BC – Vancouver Whitecaps FC announced today the addition of Canadian goalkeeper Simon Thomas – a graduate of the club's Residency program. Per Major League Soccer and club policy, terms of the contract were not disclosed.
Simon Thomas – Whitecaps FC Goalkeeper
· Kept a clean sheet for Canada against the United States in his first international start
· A member of the club from 2007 to 2010
· Graduated from Whitecaps FC Residency program in 2008
· Spent 2011-12 with Huddersfield Town FC
“When Simon trained with us towards the end of last year the thing that struck me about him was his attitude and his personality,” said Martin Rennie, Whitecaps FC head coach. “He was already a good goalkeeper, but he has continued to show great improvement. We're really pleased to add a player who came through our Residency program and we think that's a pathway that others can follow.”
Thomas, 22, rejoins Whitecaps FC after spending the 2011-12 season with English League One club Huddersfield Town FC.
The native of Victoria, BC, was a member of Vancouver's first team from 2008 to 2010 and made his professional debut on September 11, 2010, against Crystal Palace Baltimore, coming on as a late substitute.
“This club has a great history and I'm really honoured to be part of it once again,” said Thomas. “It's exciting to be close to friends and family. The fans have always been very supportive so I look forward to giving back to them.”
Initially, the young goalkeeper took part in the inaugural Whitecaps FC Residency squad in 2007. After helping the Residency team to the United Soccer Leagues (USL) Premier Development League (PDL) semifinals in 2008, Thomas progressed to the first team in August 2008.
Prior to joining the Whitecaps FC Residency program, Thomas played soccer in Victoria with the Lower Island Soccer Association. As a young goalkeeper, Thomas played for the Victoria United U-18 Metro team, and. Thomas was also a member of the BC Soccer Provincial Team program and the Canadian Soccer Association National Training Centre. In 2004, the 'keeper guided Victoria United Metro to a BC provincial championship title, while at the end of the 2002-03 season, Thomas was awarded the Lower Vancouver Island Metro/Select Director's Award, which is given to the goalkeeper who has showed the most talent, dedication, and potential.
Internationally, the 6-foot-3, 190-pound goalkeeper recently made his debut for the Canadian men's national team, coming on as a substitute for Lars Hirschfeld in a friendly against Denmark on January 26, 2013. That debut was quickly followed up by his first start, keeping a clean sheet in a 0-0 draw against the United States on January 29, 2013.
Simon Thomas
Twitter: @Simon_Thomas36
Position: Goalkeeper
Height: 6-03
Weight: 190 lbs
Born: April 12, 1990, in Victoria, BC, Canada
Hometown: Victoria, BC, Canada
Citizenship: Canadian
Last Club: Huddersfield Town (English Championship)
How Acquired: Acquired by Whitecaps FC as a free agent on February 25, 2013
I'm going to let you in on a secret. There is no thin line between geek culture and pop culture. There's a big, thick wall between the two. Every so often, someone fires a harpoon through that wall. A comic book movie becomes popular, or a video game makes waves in the media, or a Web site becomes the newest craze, and the harpoon hooked onto a nice chunk of geek culture and pulls it through to the pop culture side.
Then the wall is spackled over and the geek culture on the pop culture side is eaten up and forgotten about. Then, ironically, the wall is covered with posters like ads for G4's Attack of the Show, proclaiming oxymoronically "pop culture geeks unite!" and announcements from CNN that geek culture is now a big part of pop culture.
No matter how hard media outlets try to make the concept catch on, no matter how many studios try to capitalize on the cultural waves of comic book movies and million-selling video games, there is no such thing as pop culture geekdom. There is only the small amount of bleed-through that happens when that harpoon punches through the wall.
Last December, comedian Patton Oswalt wrote in Wired a treatise on the decay and necessary death of geek culture. He wrote that geek culture has become diluted, co-opted, and bastardized, and that if it wants to flourish again as a sub-culture, it needs to die and come back.
I sympathize with him, but I also completely disagree. Geek culture isn't dead. It's just hidden behind that huge wall.
Geek culture is defined by both depth and obscurity of the subject. Do you play Dungeons and Dragons? You're starting at being a geek. Do you have a bookshelf full of D20 system manuals? You're a pretty solid geek. Do you play Shadowrun, Call of Cthulhu, and Paranoia on top of D&D? Now we're reaching some really respectable geek levels. Meanwhile, all any non-geeks know about role-playing games is D&D. For some, it's the stereotypical impression of the pastime. For others, it's the gateway activity that leads to deeper, stranger, geekier activities. We're not in danger (or hope) of the non-geek masses suddenly cracking jokes about ultraviolent clearance and serving The Computer. Nor do I really expect anyone reading this to get that reference.
Role-playing games aren't exactly accessible to many, so let's look at comic book movies, a sub-genre of film that has experienced a surprising resurgence over the last few years, even when the comic book industry itself has been shaky. Everyone saw Iron Man and 300. Many people saw V for Vendetta. Plenty of people saw Watchmen. Not nearly enough people saw Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World. Of all those people, how many do you think even realize that 300 and V for Vendetta are based on comic books? Or that Batman Begins is based partly on Frank Miller (300)'s Batman: Year One? How many readers went on to explore the works of Neil Gaiman, or Warren Ellis, or Garth Ennis?
Going the slightest bit beyond the direct source materials of these movies, mass interest in comics drops like a stone. Viewers of V for Vendetta and Watchmen didn't exactly clamor to read all the Alan Moore material they could find, based on the movies. For the vast majority, V for Vendetta and Watchmen, both seminal graphic novels and literary works of the 80s, started and stopped at the silver screen. Few, if any, searched for Moore's other work, like Swamp Thing, or Tom Strong, or Top Ten, or (god forbid) The Lost Girls. Granted, it didn't help that Moore distanced himself from all cinematic adaptations of his work (and after League of Extraordinary Gentleman, no one on the planet can blame him), but it probably wouldn't have changed the fleeting interest in the material, and not the source and context of the material. Like Dungeons & Dragons, these popular comic book movies are a flicker of geek culture across the face of popular culture, like a light shining briefly through a hole in a wall.
Even video games, now a huge part of popular entertainment, are not immune from the massive barrier between geek culture and pop culture. When most people think about video games, they think about a handful of big names, either new and super-popular series like Call of Duty, Madden, and Halo, or decades-old and archetypical properties like Mario and Sonic. Most gaming publications make a distinction between "casual gamers" (fans of easily accessible, readily available games like Bejeweled and Farmville) and "hardcore gamers," (fans of games that actually come on discs and cost $60 a pop), but they ignore the distinction between "hardcore gamers" and "bro gamers."
Bro gamers aren't geeks, because their knowledge of video games start and end at Madden and Halo. There is little interest for old-school games, retro games, imported games, or even just genre games. Bro gamers (the video game equivalent of "pop culture geeks" ignore 90% of the shelves at Gamestop or the listings on Amazon but get wicked stoked at the newest Grand Theft Auto. Few of them have tried Saint's Row 2, never mind different-genre games like Dead Space, Fallout: New Vegas, or Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3. Fortunately, video games have become so popular as an industry that it's one of the few cases where even obscure titles have gained legitimacy and some form of "post-geek" status. Comic book and role-playing game stores retain the stigma of geek, but Gamestop is a corner-store brand now, thanks to video games' growth into a multi-billion-dollar industry. Of course, if you start talking about how much you love the latest SMT game or whinge about how Mother 3 won't come to the US, you'll still probably get reactions similar to the face a dog makes when you show him a card trick.
Finally, let's look at the PC in PCMag.com: computers. It's arguably the biggest case of the "un-geeking" of a subject, and yet it perfectly shows how it remains the case. Computer use has grown from a niche activity among math nerds and engineers into something everyone does as a simple aspect of modern life. However, even computer use is only embraced on the surface for the vast majority of people. These days anyone can get online, chat with friends, Tweet, use Facebook, and perform many other activities on their computers. How many of those people could tell you what the different components are if they cracked open the cases of those computers? How many could replace their CPU, or graphics card, or even build a new computer from scratch? Of those, how many go to the extra trouble of setting up bay busses, water blocks, SLI graphics card setups, and CPU overclocking? Everyone knows how to use a computer on a basic level, but only a few out of every hundred or a thousand really understand its inner workings, or care to learn. And there is the line between a computer user and a geek, just as thick and obvious as the line between a pop culture fan and a geek.
Geek culture requires not just enthusiasm, but depth and scope. Those latter two characteristics are why geekdom will never be truly co-opted by popular culture. Every media, every activity, ever genre and sub-genre and sub-sub-genre has so much variety and depth that you just can't cover it in a news report, or a water-cooler chat, or even a two-hour show on G4. You can scrape off the shiniest bits and pretend they represent the entire thing, but in the end, you're still just getting a tiny speck of what geek culture is. As long as there are small stores, small presses, and boundless enthusiasm for the most specific things, geek culture will remain both safe and alienating.
On the bright side, we have the Internet now, so even if your local friends don't care about your hobbies of collecting Generation One transformer or the works of Takashi Miike, you can safely assume that there are at least half a dozen message boards and Web sites populated with thousands of fans. And those people, my friends, are true geeks. And yes, I am one of them.
Cinco de Cuatro is a Newport Beach holiday started by Lucille and George Bluth in 1982 as a way to destroy all Cinco de Mayo food and decorations so Lucille's Hispanic staff wouldn't take May 5 off as part of their "war on May the 5th".
About
The festival grew over the years and was eventually embraced by the Hispanic community. The annual event concludes with a boat parade called "The Festival of Lights," a phrase the Bluths wanted to reclaim.
Translated from Spanish to English, "Cinco de Cuatro" means "five of four".
Origin
Narrator: The holiday started as a particularly vicious response by a young Lucille Bluth to the Mexican holiday of Cinco de Mayo. [...] Lucille: We should start our own holiday. Narrator: You see the Hispanics of Newport liked Cinco a lot. But high up on Coast Highway, Lucille Bluth did not. [...] And then Lucille had a horrible thought. A thought that was thoughtless and better to not. "What if" she thought, with a sneering grin... Lucille: ...next year what if the party didn't even begin? Narrator: And so began a holiday on the eve of the fifth of May, originally intended to deplete the party supplies the Cinco de Mayo celebrants were relying upon. Over 30 years, however, it grew and was soon embraced by the Hispanic community — for financial reasons. From " Flight of the Phoenix
Cinco de Cuatro 2012
Major events
Several notable events happened at Cinco de Cuatro 2012:
Bluth family
Other people
Images
PORTAGE, Michigan — Senator Ted Cruz spent Thursday campaigning with vice presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence, and in support of the Trump-Pence ticket, where he narrowed down the election to three issues: “namely jobs, freedom, and security.”
Speaking at the Air Zoo Aerospace & Science Center, Cruz said, “This election is about bringing jobs back to America” adding, “We need to repeal every word of Obamacare.” The crowd went wild and chanted, “Drain the swamp! Drain the swamp!”
Cruz responded in jest, “Now listen: Hillary Clinton is very upset. That's her home you're draining.” Cruz had performed well in Michigan during the Republican primary campaign.
Also taking a swipe at the teetering Affordable Care Act, following Cruz's talk Pence said, “Before we called it Obamacare, they called it Hillarycare.” He added, “We are going to replace it with healthcare reform that gives American people more choices, so they can use the power of the free market to feed the healthcare needs of an American economy.”
Cruz stumped with Pence earlier that same morning in Prole, Iowa where he also cited the importance of upholding and preserving the U.S. Constitution. Cruz guaranteed the crowd that a Clinton presidency would destroy the document's principles by naming a liberal Supreme Court Justice to the seat that was vacated with the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia.
Cruz said Clinton's SCOTUS pick would overturn the landmark 2008 District of Columbia vs. Heller ruling, which protects the 2nd Amendment. “If Hillary were to be elected and Heller were overturned, that means no one in Michigan, no one here tonight, no one in America has the right to bear and keep arms.” Cruz later went on to say, “That is radical, that is extreme, and this election is about our freedom.”
Cruz described Pence as “someone who understands the value of freedom and understands the value of the Supreme Court. He's a good man, he loves his country and today, I call him my friend. But I am looking forward to calling him Mr. Vice President,” Cruz added.
“I'm a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican,” Pence said.
He apologized for being a bit tardy to the rally, as they had stopped for lunch and joked that “Senator Tim Kaine called and interrupted me 10 times,” referring to the Democrat vice presidential debate.
Pence said that while Clinton may have the media, millions of dollars, and special interests on her side, “Donald Trump and I have something special. We have a basket of Americans who are saying enough is enough. And we are going to make America great again.”
A man in the crowd shouted out, “Bill's a rapist!”
Pence went on to insist that in his and Trump's first 100 days in office they are going to pass ethics reform. “We are going to drain the swamp,” he said.
Pence said the world is a more dangerous place today since Clinton and Obama took office, citing the ransom the Obama administration paid to the Iranian regime, which he described as a “terrorist state,” in exchange for American prisoners. Then the candidate blasted the president's “weak and ineffective policy of leading from behind.”
Pence said, “When Donald Trump becomes president of the Untied States, we wont be paying ransom.”
Pence asked those gathered to pray for America and not to lose faith in the nation. He sent a message to Republicans that “It's time to come home. it's time to come home and elect Donald Trump as President of the United States of America.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz
By a wide margin, the biggest political event of the year ahead will be the federal election due to be called for next October. On the evidence, this election is Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau's to lose. In most respects he is the right person in the right place at the right time.
In most respects, Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau is the right person in the right place at the right time, Richard Gwyn writes. ( Cole Burston / For the Toronto Star )
He's a genuinely likeable individual. He's made some verbal blunders but none of them rank as unforgivable mistakes. And topping that pair, he has the additional asset of having no policies. At one time, this last among Trudeau's attributes might have been considered a political handicap. Today, public skepticism about politicians is so deep and widespread — in surveys they rank ahead only of second-hand car salesmen — that the less they say the better for them provided they say it in an engaging, caring way. During the actual election, Trudeau will of course have to say something. But he will have reduced to a minimum the time left for the Conservatives and New Democrats to expose flaws in the programs he proposes.
Article Continued Below
Canniness, thus, has been combined with niceness. That potent pairing transformed the political scene almost instantly when Trudeau first entered the contest for the Liberal leadership in October 2012. The Liberals, then a poor third, soared into first place in the polls. Ever since, Trudeau has kept the Liberals well ahead, although recent polls show that gap between them and the Conservative government has narrowed to a mere three or four percentage points. So it's largely already over but for the counting of the votes. The odds do favour this result. Many more people like Trudeau than they like either of the alternatives, Prime Minister Stephen Harper and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair. Add to this the cardinal fact that Mulcair, for reasons not easy to pin down because he's highly intelligent, just hasn't connected with the Canadian public. Harper, though, has some assets of his own. His support, while smaller than Trudeau's, is far better distributed. One expert I quizzed reckons that if each of them won the same number of votes, Harper would win 10 more seats.
More substantive, despite Harper's lack of warmth and empathy, events may be making him a different kind of right person in the right place at the right time. Bad economic news, in everything from shrinking oil prices to the spending cuts now being made by all governments, provincial and municipal as well as federal, threatens increases in unemployment and a widening of income gaps.
Article Continued Below
At such times, incumbent prime ministers almost always get punished severely. Voters, though, may judge that this is the time for a tough guy at the top. The result thus may be closer than the omens seem to suggest. If so, it's only after the elections that the real politicking will begin. One possibility could be a Trudeau win by a minority. Another could be a Harper win, but again only by a minority. In fact, the consequences of each of those guesstimates would be virtually identical. Provided that the seats held by the Liberals and NDP are larger when combined than those won by Harper, he soon would be out and Trudeau would be in. Except for one thing. His father, Pierre, was once in the same position, winning the 1972 election but only just, because the Progressive Conservatives and the NDP had more seats when combined. Pierre Trudeau's response was to implement every bit of legislation the New Democrats called for. As soon as the polls turned his way, though, Trudeau went out of his way to insult the New Democrats. He then arranged to lose a vote of confidence, called an election and won it with a thumping majority. NDPers have never forgiven that Trudeau for that exercise in cunning. So, provided that my guesses are reasonably accurate, while the next election is going to be fascinating, wait until it's ended for the real show to begin. Richard Gwyn's column appears every other Tuesday. gwynr@sympatico.ca
Read more about:
MANILA (2nd UPDATE) - The Philippine peso hit a seven-year low in heavy trading Monday as importers' dollar demand added to downward pressure stemming from stock outflows.
The peso lost 0.6 percent to 48.26 per dollar, its weakest since September 2009.
The peso's slump to a seven-year low reflects investor caution ahead of the next policy move by the US Federal Reserve, and was in line with movements in other currencies, the central bank governor said on Monday.
"The peso movement reflected continuing uncertainty about the US Fed's next policy action, just like the other regional currencies, plus strong FX demand for fixing and corporate requirements," Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas Governor Amando Tetangco said in a text message.
Local importers scrambled for the greenback for payments, which further weakened a currency already impacted by sustained equity outflows.
Foreign investors were net sellers in Manila stocks over the past six weeks. Analysts say President Rodrigo Duterte has been seen as alienating allies of the Philippines such as the United States with his crackdown on drugs.
The peso's slide "picked up momentum after the break of 48," said a senior Philippine bank currency trader in Manila who expects the currency to weaken to 48.50.
The Philippine unit may see a minor chart support at 48.35, but it is likely to seen heading to around 49.00, analysts said.
The peso is seen to further weaken to P48.50 to the dollar in the coming weeks due to "political concerns," said Matthew Cipriano, a forex trader at Union Bank.
“The foreign investor confidence right now is very uncertain, and we first saw this with the outflows and equity markets,” he said.
Philippine Stock Exchange index was down nearly 1 percent to 7,648.69 in noon trading Monday.
The weakness in Philippine financial markets comes on the heels of a sixth straight week of fund outflows from the Philippine Stock Exchange and 22 straight days of selling.
The discussion on why the funds are leaving has centered around two things: the Federal Reserve and its plans to raise interest rates and President Rodrigo Duterte's colorful commentary, which S&P said has somewhat "diminished confidence" the consistency of Philippines policies, from economic and fiscal to security and diplomacy.
Marvin Fausto, president of IFE Financial Advisors, said he also wants to see more consistency from government.
"The analysts in S&P are actually saying the inconsistencies of policies or probably some international policies that the current administration is kind of trying to clarify for an investor, those uncertainties are very clear, and those uncertainties will keep them on the sidelines," he said.
The foreign fund outflow has helped depreciate the peso against the US dollar as offshore investors sell peso and peso-denominated assets to reinvest elsewhere.
If the peso continues to weaken, it might lead to more outflows, Fausto said.
-- With reports from Reuters
Jennifer Bendery reports at the Huffington Post on the anger and “raw nerves” at a meeting of Democratic Party officials on Thursday following the Party's crushing defeat up and down the ballot in Tuesday's election.
From the Huffington Post:
On Thursday, Democratic Party officials held their first staff meeting since Hillary Clinton's stunning loss to Donald Trump in the presidential race. It didn't go well.
Donna Brazile, the interim leader of the Democratic National Committee, was giving what one attendee described as “a rip-roaring speech” to about 150 employees, about the need to have hope for wins going forward, when a staffer identified only as Zach stood up with a question.
“Why should we trust you as chair to lead us through this?” he asked, according to two people in the room. “You backed a flawed candidate, and your friend [former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz] plotted through this to support your own gain and yourself.”
Some DNC staffers started to boo and some told him to sit down. Brazile began to answer, but Zach had more to say.
“You are part of the problem,” he continued, blaming Brazile for clearing the path for Trump's victory by siding with Clinton early on. “You and your friends will die of old age and I'm going to die from climate change. You and your friends let this happen, which is going to cut 40 years off my life expectancy.”
Zach gathered his things and began to walk out. When Brazile called after him, asking where he was going, he told her to go outside and “tell people there” why she should be leading the party.
Read the read here.
The death of a climber at the Warehouse in Gloucester is a tragic reminder of the importance of checking your harness knot.
A coroner's inquest has ruled that Gloucestershire climber David Rothman died because he did not tie into his harness properly. Rothman, 73, a retired engineer and a regular at Gloucester climbing wall the Warehouse, suffered multiple fractures after falling about 30ft, and died in hospital two days later.
The inquest focused on how Rothman might have become detached from the rope. His belayer Tony Raphael gave evidence that he felt resistance as Rothman's weight came onto the rope before the highly experienced climber fell.
This suggests that Rothman had attempted to tie his usual bowline but the knot had failed. It is possible Rothman either forgot to tie his bowline after pulling the rope through his harness, or did so only partly or incorrectly. A figure-of-eight knot has been discounted because there was no bight left in the rope. Deputy Gloucestershire coroner David Dooley said: “Had a stopper knot been used, the rope probably would not have failed.”
Contrary to a statement read in court from a local climbing instructor, a bowline will not ordinarily come undone if no ‘stopper' knot is tied. A correctly tied bowline is an accepted way of tying into a harness, but it is imperative to tie a stopper knot in case the bowline is incorrectly tied or loosens and inverts.
The BMC extends its sympathy to the family and friends of David Rothman.
Tying in safely
This article was edited on 23/4/12 to remove any ambiguity about the importance of a stopper knot.
Rock out! With BMC Travel Insurance policies
Bag a bargain this year with our fantastic cover on all BMC Rock Insurance policies. Lots of cover that works out at only £37* for seven days!
We've been insuring climbers like you for over 30 years. That's why all of our policies come with:
24-hour emergency assistance helpline
£10 million emergency medical cover
£100,000 search, rescue and recovery cover
£10,000 personal accident cover
£5,000 cancellation cover
£2,500 baggage cover
WATCH: BMC Insurance: Get out there
Want to know more? READ: 5 reasons why you need BMC Travel Insurance
*Policy details: From £37 for seven-day single-trip European Rock cover up to age 69.
« Back
I ran recruiting at SpaceX for almost 6 years; everything about how they recruit is part of the footprint myself and my team created - so hopefully you'll find this input helpful, though it will only magnify the challenge that lies before you.
SpaceX aggressively pursues top collegiate talent; but because the hiring bar (mandate per Elon) is top 1% of the human population - we focus on top ranked engineering programs because their strict acceptance requirements are a good prefilter and remove 90% of the bell curve, thereby automatically bringing us to about top 10% of the college population; making our haystack much smaller and thus easier to find the proverbial needles.
Once within the top program populations we again filter aggressively based on:
1. Hands on hardware/software development exp - i.e. What problems have you actually encountered and solved?
2. Experience with engineering competitions, and placement in top positions/ brackets at those competitions
3. GPA/ SAT - other hard scores
4. Drive/ Grit
The reality is that SpaceX makes some of the most magnificent machines on the planet (and beyond - yes, pun intended :). So the world's best engineers want to work there. That paired with what I've already stated means there is both an ability and a necessity to only hire people after they have in some way demonstrated themselves to be truly exceptional.
So - again, do not underestimate the challenge that lies before you.
That said- where there is a will, there is a way.
Here are some things which you can consider:
One exposure/ access point for SpaceX that is outside of the top schools is the FSAE competition in Michigan each year. FSAE draws teams from many different schools, and the teams basically design and build a race car from scratch.
It's an amazing event; and SpaceX uses the event to pick up some of the best gearheads in the country. More than anything else, mechanical engineers are recruited from this event for the structures design team.
The focus is usually on vehicle chief engineers from winning teams, as they tend to be the best engineer on each team- but we have found talented people in a variety of roles within the teams.
If your school has an FSAE team - join it; if it doesn't, try to start one.
You need to spend as much time as possible building real things- all schools have teams/clubs of some sort. Look for learning opportunities in robotics, mechatronics, rocket clubs, or others.
Additionally, you mentioned an interest in propulsion; without a sophisticated rocket propulsion lab (like the one that Purdue has) it's nearly impossible to compete with the guys in this department. If your school lacks these kinds of resources, and you can't find them/ access them within your vicinity - I'd suggest focusing on structural design or other aspects of mechanical engineering. Figure out what your school is good at, maybe track down the best professor, and see if you can align that with your interests.
Another suggestion would be to become a mentor for US FIRST Robotics; it's an organization the engineering community respects and another opportunity to actually build systems with requirements.
The good thing is you're being smart enough to ask questions; so keep doing that.
And spend the next 4 years trying to do everything you can to demonstrate you are an exceptional engineer and then when you apply don't include just a resume; add pictures/portfolio or videos or your work, get reference letters, etc.
Your application needs to catch the attention of recruiters who are looking for MIT 5.0's - it needs to shine through the Ivy League flood of applications.
But if you have videos of badass projects you have built - you CAN shine through.
If you don't shine through in year one, apply for internships at other cool companies; getting other good brands on your resume will help you. So try each year but also apply elsewhere so if you don't make it you're still continuing to build your track record so you can eventually stake your claim in the 1%.
In terms of teaching yourself- YES! You need to devour everything having to do with building hardware for space. Remember Elon taught himself rocket science from books.
Finally, reach out to people within your network who can introduce you to engineers who work there today- developing personal connections which can today provide advice and may someday be able to provide a personal reference gives you the best shortcut through the noise. SpaceX like most tech companies loves employee referrals.
Good luck!
New Yorkers are aiming their smartphones toward the sky to share the news
World Trade Center spire completion seen through the eyes of New Yorkers
One World Trade Center has reached its peak height Friday morning, and New Yorkers are aiming their smartphones toward the sky to share the news.
See a map of the photos here.
Some photos are from way up high:
At 541 metres (1,776ft) high, the tower is the tallest building in the western hemisphere.
Lucas Jackson (@Lucas_Jackson_) Workers preparing the spire to install it on top of 1 World Trade Center in New York. #1wtc #nework twitter.com/Lucas_Jackson_…
TODAY (@todayshow) Great shot of cheers at One World Trade Center as spire was put into place. #OneWTC twitter.com/todayshow/stat…
Some are from the ground:
Photo credit: Whitney Smith
Some are from across the water:
The new tower was completed 4,259 days after an attack destroyed the former World Trade Center complex and killed nearly 3,000 people.
Anne Thompson (@annenbcnews) 1 World Trade Center from our vantage point in Jersey City for @todayshow twitter.com/annenbcnews/st…
Rafat Ali (@rafat) 1 World Trade Center, still shining through across the East River. From LIC: twitter.com/rafat/status/3…
Photo credit: Rick Mumma
Many are from office windows:
The tower is at the northwest corner of the site. The 72-story 4 World Trade Center and other buildings are under construction nearby.
Derick Carss (@DerickCarss) The new tower at the World Trade Center from my office window, almost finished with the spire installed. twitter.com/DerickCarss/st…
Vincent L. Miller (@vincenmiller) @ap long time coming-- twitter.com/vincenmiller/s…
JohnElsasser (@JohnElsasser) View from my office window: Workers just added silver spire to top of One World Trade Center — now at 1,776 feet. twitter.com/JohnElsasser/s…
Jonathan Greenglass (@jgreenglass) World Trade Center just became the tallest building in the US. Snapped this guy from my office. twitter.com/jgreenglass/st…
See exactly where New Yorkers are taking photos:
How Political Are Judges?
Cass Sunstein, writing on Bloomberg View, reviews the research on judicial voting patterns to determine whether judges are really as “political” as people seem to think. The good news: federal judges aren't nearly as bad as politicians. “Judges are far from mere politicians; we don't see anything like the kind of polarization found in Congress,” writes Sunstein. “At the same time, judicial predispositions matter, and they help explain why judges are divided on some of the great issues of the day.”
The research also indicates that even judges are subject to a phenomenon called “group polarization.” “[J]udicial voting becomes a lot more ideological when judges sit on panels with two others appointed by presidents of the same political party,” Sunstein explains. “For example, Republican appointees side with plaintiffs complaining of disability discrimination about 29 percent of the time — but that number drops to 17 percent when they are sitting with two fellow Republican appointees.”
As for the Supreme Court, Sunstein highlights research from a new book on the political leanings of Supreme Court justices since 1937:
A man fished from a pier on the Mystic River behind Assembly Row near where the contruction on the new Wynn Casino takes place across the water in Everett. The Amelia Earhart Dam is to the left and the MBTA bridge spans the river to the right. A new pedestrian and bike bridge is proposed somewhere to cross the river close to this location.
Casinos often run slick commercials showing high-rollers arriving by stretch limo.
But by bike?
That may yet happen, in Everett of all places, now that Wynn Boston Harbor casino is providing $250,000 to study a new bike and pedestrian bridge over the Mystic River between the gambling hall and Somerville. The study, being led by international engineering and design firms AECOM and BEAM, is expected to be completed before the end of the year.
Advertisement
A footbridge between the two cities was explored in 2009, back before casino magnate Steve Wynn had eyed Everett waterfront parcel for his $2.4 billion project. That was also before the Orange Line station and mixed-use Assembly Row development had opened in Somerville.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Back then planners focused on basing the crossing along either the Amelia Earhart Dam or MBTA bridge. This time, the study is expected to focus more on an entirely new structure.
The massive resort, expected to open in 2019, has sparked concerns about traffic, partially because it is not directly on an MBTA line, and congestion around nearby Sullivan Square is already an issue.
Among the casino's biggest opponents was Somerville Mayor Joseph Curtatone, who filed several lawsuits in order to block the casino. During that fight, he objected to the footbridge idea because he did not think it was enough to solve the traffic issues. With the legal wrangling now over and casino construction underway, Curtatone said he is more comfortable with the bridge because Wynn and the state are exploring other options to improve transportation around the region.
“How do we have better connectivity around the Mystic River basin?” Curtatone said. “The bridge can be a part of that.”
Advertisement
The first analysis priced a bridge at up to $7.7 million and estimated it could be more than 800 feet. That would be a much shorter distance than the one-mile walk between Sullivan Square MBTA station and the casino site.
Wynn agreed to fund the study as part of an environmental approval, which also included up to $7.5 million to help pay for Orange Line operations and shuttle buses between other subway stations and the resort.
Even if the new analysis determines a bridge is doable, it's not clear who would pay for it — and whether Wynn would cough up some of the money.
“At that point, we'll have to determine the next steps and determine what the funding sources would be for the bridge,” Wynn spokesman Greg John said.
MBTA shrugs at Uber, Lyft late-night pitches
Uber and Lyft aren't up to snuff for handling late-night transit service for the MBTA, at least not as the agency currently envisions it.
Advertisement
The ride-hailing companies each responded to the T's request earlier this year for ideas from the private sector to provide service after buses and subways stop running for the night.
But the agency said the companies were not suited because they could not provide service on fixed-routes, read MBTA fare cards, or guarantee accessibility to passengers with disabilities. Both Uber and Lyft already partner with the T on paratransit services.
Meanwhile, private bus operators were not interested in a potential contract due to overnight staffing issues, Laurel Paget-Seekins, the T's director of strategic initiatives, recently told the agency's board.
The T is considering a one-year test of overnight service, aimed at helping off-hours workers get to and from work. The agency previously canceled a late-night bus and subway service that extended hours on weekends.
Paget-Seekins suggested the T could either operate a bus service itself, or make its requirements for private operators more flexible — potentially allowing an Uber or Lyft partnership.
Uber declined to comment, while Lyft said it is “eager to continue conversations with MBTA and other organizations to help Bostonians get where they need to go.”
T officials are expected to again discuss the proposed overnight pilot at a board meeting Monday.
A vote on highway tolls? Maybe not.
A proposed ballot question for the 2018 election to end all highway tolling on Massachusetts highways probably won't make it to voters, an environmental lawyer predicts.
A similar effort to end tolling on Massachusetts highways nearly went to the ballot in 1998, but the state's Supreme Judicial Court deemed the question unconstitutional. The court said that since the state issues bonds against toll revenue, eliminating that revenue would violate the bondholders' rights.
Rafael Mares, a vice president at the Conservation Law Foundation, said that precedent likely makes it impossible for Attorney General Maura Healey to approve of the latest proposal. Spokespeople for Healey, who must determine by early September whether proposed ballot questions pass constitutional muster, declined to comment.
This year's ballot question was proposed by Quincy resident and Republican activist Steve Tougas. He said the tolls are a form of “taxation without representation,” and wants the ballot question to help head off any future effort to add new tolls.
Tougas said he was not familiar with the 1998 ruling.
Proponents of the 1998 ballot question, by the way, went back to the drawing board and in 2000 instead proposed a tax credit for toll payers. That question made it to the ballot but was rejected by voters.
But in 2014, voters opted at the ballot to halt automatic gas tax increases that would pay for transportation. And in 2018, they will likely be asked whether to increase taxes on individuals' income over $1 million, with some of the revenue going to transportation projects.
Adam Vaccaro can be reached at adam.vaccaro@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter at @adamtvaccaro
PORTLAND -- Steve Kerr was in such agony Saturday that he found little comfort even while watching from the team hotel as his Warriors pulled out a playoff victory over Trail Blazers, multiple sources told NBCSportsBayArea.com.
The pain is so intense that Kerr even had difficulty keeping up with the game. Moreover, it may be a while before he's able to return to full-time coaching duties.
Assistant Mike Brown served as acting head coach in a 119-113 win over Portland in Game 3 of their first-round playoff series.
“He's obviously going through a lot physically,” Stephen Curry said of Kerr after the game, “and that's first and foremost for him to take care of himself, make sure he's on the road to recovery and feeling like himself.”
Kerr was in obvious discomfort Friday, when he met with the media for his post-practice news conference. Though he made the flight to Oregon with the team Friday afternoon, he was not able to attend shootaround Saturday morning. It was the second time this season that Kerr missed a shootaround, the first coming March 2 in Chicago.
By Saturday afternoon, the Warriors were announcing he would not coach Game 3.
It was not a great surprise to those who work closely with Kerr.
“He's suffering,” said one person close to Kerr.
“He hadn't been feeling well for a couple days, so I knew it would be a possibility,” Brown said before the game.
Kerr continues to cope with debilitating side effects from multiple back surgeries in the summer of 2015. He took a leave of absence last season, missing nearly all training camp and the first 43 games of the regular season before returning.
Both the symptoms have persisted. Kerr still cannot do many of the things he loves, he acknowledged to NBCSportsBayArea.com, such as play golf. Though his back is somewhat improved, he still experiences severe headaches and neck pain.
The worst part about the discomfort is its consistency. It's nagging at him every day and night, sometimes more severe than others.
It has gotten worse in recent days, though. It is conceivable, even likely, according to those close to Kerr, that he will miss Game 4 Monday night.
Activists of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami throw brick pieces as they block a street during a clash with police after hearing the verdict of the trial of Mohammad Kamaruzzaman, assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, in Rajshahi May 9, 2013. REUTERS/Stringer
DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladeshi security forces arrested on Sunday the leader of the country's biggest Islamist party on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity, a senior police official said.
AKM Yusuf, the leader of Jamaat-e-Islami, was arrested in the capital Dhaka and charged with offences dating back to Bangladesh's 1971 war of independence with Pakistan.
His arrest comes after the sentencing to death last week of another Islamist party leader for wartime atrocities. That decision brought a wave of violent protest from supporters, and police say they are concerned about the risk of a backlash from Jamaat activists.
More than 100 people have been killed in protests and counter-protests since January, when a tribunal set up by the government to investigate alleged abuses in the war sentenced to death in absentia a former senior Jamaat-e-Islami figure.
Jamaat opposed Bangladeshi independence from Pakistan in the war but denies accusations that some of its leaders committed murder, rape and torture during the conflict.
The party was not immediately available for comment on Sunday.
On top the political violence, Bangladesh is reeling from a garment factory collapse that killed more than 1,100 people last month. The unrest is one of the main challenges facing the government of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as it approaches elections that are due by next January.
Are American Jews Turning Away from Israel?
No one ever said this would be easy. U.S.-Israeli relations are heating up as Vice President Joe Biden criticizes Israeli plans to build new housing units for Jews in East Jerusalem against a backdrop of reports that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has declined to meet with President Barack Obama due to the U.S. election — even while Washington and Tel Aviv are negotiating new U.S. military aid to Israel. This latest flurry of activity comes in the wake of a new Pew Research Center survey highlighting the differences between American Jews and Israeli Jews and between Israeli Jews and Arabs within Israel on a range of contentious issues surrounding the Middle East peace process.
As might be expected, Israeli society is deeply divided on Jewish-Muslim relations. On a fundamental issue, nearly three-quarters of Israeli Jews say they do not see much discrimination against Muslims in their country. But roughly eight in 10 Israeli Arabs say there is a lot of discrimination in Israeli society against Muslims.
Such divisions between Jewish and Arab views are also reflected in their perspective on the peace process. A majority of Israeli Jews (56 percent) think their government is making a sincere effort toward peace. But 88 percent say the Palestinian leadership is not sincere in its efforts. In contrast, half of Israeli Arabs (50 percent) think the Palestinian leadership is making a sincere effort in the peace process, but 72 percent say the Israeli government is not.
Such differences between Jews and Arabs in Israel highlight the challenge their leaders face in reaching some accommodation. And differences between Israeli Jews and American Jews are a reminder of the divergence in perspectives between Washington and Tel Aviv on issues involving Israel and the peace process.
Jews in the United States and Israel have strong bonds. A majority of Israeli Jews feel they share a common destiny with Jewish Americans. And a 2013 Pew Research Center survey found that most U.S. Jews say they are either very or somewhat emotionally attached to Israel.
However, despite their connection to the Jewish state, Israeli Jews and American Jews have very different perspectives on a number of issues. And these differences are, at times, accentuated by political ideology and degree of religiosity.
They differ, for example, on the impact of Jewish settlements in the West Bank. A plurality of Jews in Israel (42 percent) say the continued building of these settlements helps the security of Israel. Only 17 percent of U.S. Jews agree. By contrast, in the United States, a plurality of Jews (44 percent) says the settlements hurt Israel's own security interests; fewer Israeli Jews (30 percent) take this position.
Jewish Americans (38 percent) are also considerably less likely than Israeli Jews (56 percent) to say the Israeli government is making a sincere effort to achieve peace with the Palestinians. But, as with Israeli Jews, relatively few American Jews believe the Palestinian leadership is sincere in its peace efforts.
Meanwhile, Israeli Jews complain about a lack of support by Washington. About half (52 percent) feel their country should be getting more backing from the U.S. government, while roughly one-third (34 percent) say the amount of support the United States gives Israel is about right. Among Jewish Americans, these figures are flipped: Roughly three in 10 (31 percent) say the United States does not support Israel enough, while more than half (54 percent) say support for Israel is about right (as of 2013).
Notably, the ideological divide on these issues among Jews in Israel and in the United States only further complicates U.S.-Israeli relations around the peace process. About six in 10 self-identified politically conservative Israeli Jews (62 percent) believe that the United States is not supportive enough of Israel. Only 33 percent on the Israeli left agree. Among American Jews, a majority of conservatives (55 percent) say Washington is not doing enough, but just 17 percent of liberal Jews agree.
This division also exists along religious lines. Orthodox Jews in both countries are about equally likely to say the Israeli government is making a sincere effort to bring about a peace settlement. But non-Orthodox Jews in America are considerably less likely than their Jewish counterparts to say the Israeli government genuinely seeks a peace settlement (36 percent vs. 55 percent).
And, in a demographic finding that may portend U.S.-Israeli friction in the future, younger American Jews (those between the ages of 18 and 29) are more likely than their elders to take a more liberal stance on political issues involving Israel: They are more likely to say that a two-state solution is possible and that the United States is too supportive of Israel.
Recent events — Secretary of State John Kerry's failed effort to restart the peace process and recent deadly attacks by Palestinians on Jews and Israeli security forces' shootings of Palestinians — may have created a dispiriting sense of progress. American Jews surveyed in 2013, before the 2014 Gaza war and waves of violence in recent months, were more optimistic about the prospects for a two-state solution than Israelis surveyed in 2014-15. Most U.S. Jews (61 percent) said they believe a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully. Fewer Israeli Jews (43 percent) take this view, while 45 percent say a two-state solution is not possible and 10 percent volunteer that it depends on the situation.
The United States and Israel are home to an estimated 80 percent of the world's Jews. But their faith does not mean they share a common perspective on the peace process. On the issue of the continued building of Jewish settlements in the West Bank, the prevailing view among Israeli Jews is that settlements help the security of Israel. By contrast, American Jews are more likely to say the settlements hurt Israel's own security. And the most common view among Israeli Jews is that the United States is not supportive enough of Israel, while the most common opinion among American Jews is that the level of U.S. support for Israel is about right.
The recent contretemps between Washington and Tel Aviv may fade, as other disagreements have in the past. But differences in public sentiment between Jews in Israel and Jews in the United States suggest a divide regarding the peace process between Israeli Jews and their American counterparts. This could only complicate future efforts by the next U.S. president and the future Israeli government to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian issue.
It bears repeating. No one ever said this would be easy.
Photo credit: Don Murray/Getty Images
The Cleveland Cavaliers have won 11 consecutive games to reach a season-best 10 games above .500. If there was any way to improve the sterling current state of his team, though, rest assured that LeBron James would do it. The four-time MVP told reporters today that he'd even come off the bench if doing so would help Cleveland win.
Cavs' LeBron James, just now: "If it helped our team win, I'd come off the bench. I'm serious." — Sam Amico (@SamAmicoFSO) February 4, 2015
One-for-all, indeed.
But while David Blatt understands James' sentiment, he still doesn't think it's such a good idea:
When asked if he's OK with LeBron coming off bench, Cavs coach David Blatt laughed. "No. He's fine where he is." But likes LBJ's commitment. — Sam Amico (@SamAmicoFSO) February 4, 2015
It's pretty safe to say that LeBron will remain a starter for the Cavs. But who knows? If the team endures struggles down the line, maybe sitting him to start would get it back on track. What a luxury for Blatt to know that his best player would be comfortable taking that ego hit.
30-20 Cleveland hosts the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday at 8:00 EST.
What do you think?
Follow Dime on Twitter at @DimeMag.
Become a fan of Dime Magazine on Facebook HERE.
About This Game A small, garden-like Academy stands alone on a secluded island.
Ichirou Yamada has been transferred there to work as a teacher.
He is put in charge of Casserole, a beautiful, young girl who entered the school at the same time.
A little Eden.
The days roll by at the Academy.
Days that are boring but full of happiness.
However, things are not what they seem at this "academy"...
Has Ichiro finally found the peaceful days he's always longed for, as well as that someone he wants to protect?
He is still trying to overcome the loss and regret of his past amidst the warmth and tranquility of these days.
"Stray Sheep."
All the while trapped by the words of the girl he lost so long ago.
Judge Lucy Koh of California has rejected a proposed settlement by Apple, Google, and other companies that allegedly agreed to not poach or hire each other's employees. Court documents say that Koh said the $324 million settlement wasn't high enough to compensate for the lost wages employees may have suffered. The companies first proposed the settlement in April; now, they'll need to go back to the drawing board and come back with a higher number in order to avoid taking the issue to trial.
The case in question involves four companies: Apple, Google, Intel, and Adobe. Workers claim that from 2005 to 2009, company executives had routinely collaborated to keep from hiring employees away from their jobs — an anti-competitive practice. Emails from Steve Jobs, Eric Schmidt, and others seemed to show them asking each other to stop recruiting from each other's companies, entering into surreptitious "gentlemen's agreements." Judge Koh certified the case as a class-action lawsuit in October of last year, making over 64,000 workers eligible to receive damages to compensate them for potentially having their wages kept artificially low.
In the court filing, Judge Koh maintains that there is "ample evidence of an overarching conspiracy" between the companies. They've already settled with some of the plaintiffs, and Koh says that among other things, she's concerned that this settlement offers significantly less money to the rest of the employees. She suggests that the minimum amount should be $380 million, based on the amount that the companies paid out when settling previous complaints. The case has been going on for several years now, but if the companies agree to a higher number, it could finally come to a close.
Getty Image
Anticipation for the triumphant television return of Stephen Colbert is at its peak, leaving fans wondering what he'll be like as host of The Late Show as opposed to his old Colbert Report persona. The promotional material has been predictably hilarious, so fans should put their anxiety aside and embrace the new era.
Earlier today, New York Times culture reporter Dave Itzkoff posted the list of Colbert's first week of Late Show guests, and it is a mixed bag to be sure.
In happier news, Stephen Colbert has announced his first week's worth of guests on The Late Show. pic.twitter.com/2UzsXqz5bg — Dave Itzkoff (@ditzkoff) August 24, 2015
Opening with Jeb Bush seems like a bold move, and a calculated one. Fans know how the old Colbert would have handled a Republican presidential candidate (let alone a Bush legacy), so they'll get an idea of what changes to expect right out of the gate. There is a good range of guests, from Amy Schumer to Elon Musk, so it's sure to be a great premiere week. The inclusion of Toby Keith as a musical guest is further proof that you can take the man out of the Report, but you can never really take the Report out of the man.
The Late Show returns on Sept. 8, so mark your calendars and plan your sleep schedules accordingly.
(Via Twitter)
Sen. John Cornyn's trafficking measure has been a source of tension with Sen. Patrick Leahy. Patent reform hits snag with human trafficking standoff
Partisan tensions over a human trafficking bill are bogging down another key piece of congressional business: patent reform.
Negotiations in the Senate Judiciary Committee over a bill to curb frivolous patent lawsuits are running into disputes over the anti-trafficking bill — the same issue that's causing delays for attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch, according to several sources on and off the Hill familiar with the discussions.
Story Continued Below
The trafficking measure, from Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas), has been a particular source of tension with Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who has given scathing floor speeches criticizing Republicans for playing “political games” by inserting an abortion provision into the widely supported bill. Both Cornyn and Leahy are members of the Senate Judiciary Committee and are heavily involved in patent negotiations with Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.)
The skirmish marks another hurdle for the push to stop abusive litigation by so-called patent trolls, firms that amass patents to extract licensing payments from other businesses. The effort is backed by many of the tech industry's biggest players from Google to Microsoft as well as retailers, restaurants and startups, who all say they're bombarded by expensive lawsuits. Universities, biotech and pharmaceutical companies generally oppose the reforms, saying they will weaken legitimate intellectual property rights.
Asked about the issue Monday, Cornyn denied that the patent holdup is fallout from the human trafficking fight. “We're big boys and girls and can decide each on its merits,” he said.
Cornyn had earlier predicted that a patent bill would make it through the Judiciary Committee in March. “My hope is that in sometime in late April … we'd be in a position to come up with some sort of deal,” he said.
Leahy said the abortion fight hasn't stopped the patent negotiations “any more than it has stopped us on a number of other things,” adding that lawmakers are continuing to hash out substantive policy questions.
“We are close and I would rather take a few days longer and get it right and get everybody together on it than try to rush something through simply to have something,” he said.
Earlier this year, it looked as if patent reform had a clear and speedy path to approval. After then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was blamed for scuttling similar legislation during the last Congress, Republicans expressed confidence they could move a bill quickly now that they have control of both chambers. In the Senate Judiciary Committee, members who had previously hammered out compromises on specific patent provisions picked up where they left off.
The new delay is sparking criticism from the tech sector, which has made the anti-troll bill a key priority.
“It's troubling to hear that the critical issue of patent reform, one of the tech industry's highest priorities, is falling victim to the partisan fighting over an entirely separate issue,” said one of the industry sources.
The human trafficking bill has taken up most of the oxygen in the upper chamber in recent weeks. Democrats have accused Republicans of quietly including the controversial abortion restrictions in the bill. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has put off a vote on Lynch's nomination until the trafficking bill moves forward. She has now been waiting more than 150 days for her confirmation.
While the Senate struggles with patent reform, the House is moving full steam ahead. The House Judiciary Committee held a legislative hearing on Chairman Bob Goodlatte's bill this week and could move it through committee before the House adjourns for recess at the end of the month.
Alex Byers contributed to this report.
On the last day of August at 4:36 in the afternoon ET, a filament of solar material exploded out of the sun, hurtling into space at more than 900 miles per second. NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory captured the eruption in video and photographs and now, to give us a better idea of the scale of this thing (as though understanding it is even possible), NASA has added to the above picture an image of Earth shown at scale.
The ejection of solar plasma did not head directly toward our planet, but even the indirect effects were enough to cause a beautiful aurora on the night of September 3rd. NASA also provided a picture of that phenomenon, as seen from Whitehorse, Yukon, in Canada.
A video from NASA (which we also posted here last week) shows the eruption in action.
This article originally published at The Atlantic here
Israel is working on a plan to get the American administration to shut the Palestinians' diplomatic offices in the US, according to a Hebrew media report.
The plan was hatched together with US lawmakers, Israel's Kan state TV reported Thursday, and is meant to punish the Palestinians for their recent diplomatic advances, including their successful bid to join Interpol, the world's largest police organization, and their ongoing efforts to have Israeli leaders tried at the International Criminal Court.
Hours after Interpol's General Assembly voted Wednesday to make the “State of Palestine” a full-fledged member, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened that the move would have consequences, though he did not specify what they would be.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
During a meeting with Jason Greenblatt, US President Donald Trump's envoy to the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, Netanyahu raised the Palestinians' actions at the ICC and their accession to Interpol, a step he said “violates signed agreements with Israel.”
Palestinian Authority Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki last week met ICC chief prosecutor Fatou Bensouda in New York. Since joining the Hague-based court in 2015, Palestinian officials have continually provided its investigators with supposedly incriminating information about ostensible Israeli “war crimes.”
According to a readout of the meeting, which was also attended by US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman, the prime minister told his interlocutors that “the actions of the Palestinian leadership in recent days severely impairs the chances of achieving peace and added that the Palestinian diplomatic warfare would not go unanswered.”
Netanyahu's plan to have the US shut its offices was discussed in the meeting, Kan reported Thursday, without citing its sources.
Since the US does not recognize Palestinian statehood, there is not formal embassy in Washington. The PLO has a diplomatic mission on Wisconsin Avenue that serves as de facto embassy.
PLO Ambassador to the US, Hussam Zomlot told TOI he did not know if the report was true. He added that the PLO office in DC is “purely a matter between the US and the Palestinians.” He charged that Netanyahu wanted to see the office closed because it is a “center of engagement with the Trump administration” for Palestinians.
The Prime Minister's Office and the Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem declined to comment on any punitive steps Israel would take against Interpol for admitting Palestine, a step Israel said would hinder rather than help the organization's efforts to combat cross-border terrorism.
According to existing US legislation, Washington is obligated to cease funding the United Nations “or any specialized agency thereof” that accepts the Palestine Liberation Organization as a full member. This led the US to defund the UN's Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) after it voted to accept Palestine as a member in 2011.
However, neither Interpol nor the ICC are directly affiliated with the UN.
Eytan Gilboa, an expert on US-Israel relations, said the reported threat to have the US close the PLO's Washington office should be seen as warning to the Palestinians to cease their unilateral moves at international institutions.
“I imagine the whole idea of this initiative is to convey dissatisfaction with this Palestinian policy,” he said.
He's already larger than life, and now Peter Griffin is headed to the big screen.
Seth MacFarlane, creator of the hit series "Family Guy" and the empire it spawned, tells The Hollywood Reporter that there is a deal in place to create a film featuring Griffin family and the rest of the zany world of Quahog. In fact, he envisions a new film every few years, instead of continuing on with the television series.
"Part of me thinks that 'Family Guy' should have already ended. I think seven seasons is about the right lifespan for a TV series," he said -- the show is now on its seventh season, after having been canceled in 2001 and brought back in 2004. "I talk to the fans and in a way I'm kind of secretly hoping for them to say we're done with it. There are plenty of people who say the show is kind of over the hill… but still the vast majority go pale in the face when I mention the possibility."
The film, THR says, is currently being written, with a deal already in place. They've already put out a number of direct-to-DVD films, including, "Family Guy Presents Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story" and "Family Guy Presents: It's a Trap!"
MacFarlane has a number of other animated series, including the spinoff "The Cleveland Show," the military spoof "American Dad," and the upcoming remake of "The Flintstones." He's also expanding into live action movies, the Mark Wahlberg and Mila Kunis-starring "Ted," about a man who believes a giant stuffed animal is controlling his life.
By the time critics of Mayor Ed Lee gathered in front of City Hall to advocate for a recall campaign against him last Friday, 300 hundred or more counter-protesters had lined up across from the building's steps to show solidarity with Lee. KRON 4 reports that the counter-effort was organized by members of AsianAmericanVoters.org, and the majority of its participants appear to have been Chinese Americans holding signs in Chinese, sometimes shouting Cantonese slogans and singing "The Star Spangled Banner." Chinatown power broker Rose Pak, who is back on the scene after recuperating in China from an illness, appears to have had a part in organizing the counter rally.
Despite the wall of opposition, on the recall side, spokesperson Yayne Abebe registered her disappointment with the mayor's work. “This city has always been a city of opportunity for everybody. People came here from all over America to find opportunity for themselves. Now there is no opportunity because of the policies of Mayor Ed Lee," she said.
In one mysterious and rather suspicious incident, Chronicle writer C.W. Nevius draws attention to a lone, supposedly recall-aligned protestor who shouted anti-Chinese slurs and hate speech. "It didn't take long for the 'Recall Mayor Ed Lee 2016' effort to turn ugly," he wrote on his SFGate blog."The small, fringe group filed papers last Tuesday to announce their intention to collect enough signatures to put the recall on a special election ballot."
The below video shows that incident and was posted by the Stop the Wasteful Recall Coalition, a group supported by Pak. It came complete with a statement quoting from former Supervisor and current State Assemblyman David Chiu. It was “shocking and deeply offensive to hear such openly hateful language used against Chinese Americans — and on the steps of San Francisco City Hall of all places,” he reportedly said.
SFWeekly greets the video with more skepticism than Nevius. "We smell political maneuvering at work here," they suggest. Other supporters of the recall effort have denounced the heckler's words, and in the video, she doesn't appear to be at or even near the microphone from which other speakers addressed the mayor. There are, it should be noted, some troubling and similarly xenophobic or racist images and remarks on the recall efforts' Facebook page. Those include a Photoshopped image of Kim Jong-il, the North Korean dictator who died in 2011, as "Kim Jung Lee."
"I am proud that we've elected a Chinese-American Mayor," one more clearly sanctioned Asian American speaker can be heard saying during the protest in an extended video also posted to YouTube. "I just question whether uncle Ed is the right Chinese-American mayor whether he's the right mayor for Chinese Americans in San Francisco, for any of us. He might be the right one for Airbnb and Ron Conway and Twitter."
At least one elected official, Supervisor Scott Wiener, was present on the side of the counter-recall. "A majority of San Franciscans elected Ed Lee mayor of San Francisco," KRON 4 quotes Wiener as saying. "People have every right to agree or disagree with that result, but he is our elected mayor... This recall is destructive; there is no reason for it. We need to be all working together as a city to address our problems with housing and homelessness and transportation and trying to recall the mayor isn't going to solve any of those problems.”
Related: Longshot Campaigns Launch To Recall Both Mayors Ed Lee And Libby Schaaf
Read an article the other day in MIT news, (3D chip combines computing and data storage) about a new 3D chip out of Stanford and MIT research, which includes CPU, RRAM (resistive RAM) storage class memories and sensors in one single package. Such a chip architecture vastly minimizes the off chip bottleneck to access storage and sensors.
Chip componentry
The chip's sensors are based on carbon nanotubes. Aside from a layer of silicon at the bottom, all the rest of transistors used in the chip are also based off of carbon nanotube FET (field effect transistors).
The RRAM storage class memory is a based on a dielectric material which uses electrical resistance to store non-volatile data.
The bottom layer is a silicon based CPU. On top of the silicon is a carbon nanotube layer. Next comes the RRAM and the top layer is more carbon nanotubes making up the sensor array.
Architectural benefits
One obvious benefit is having data storage directly accessible to the CPU is that there's no longer a need to go off chip to access data. The 2nd major advantage to the chip architecture is that the sensor array can write directly to RRAM storage, so there's no off chip delay to provide sensor readout and storage.
Another advantage to using carbon nanotube FET's is that they can be an order of magnitude more energy efficient than silicon transistors. Moreover, RRAM has the potential to be much denser than DRAM.
Finally, another major advantage is that this can all be built in one 3D chip because carbon nanotube and RRAM fabrication can be done at relatively cooler temperatures (~200C) vs. silicon fabrication which requires relatively high temperatures (1000C). Silicon cannot be readily fabricated in multiple layers because of the high temperatures required which will harm lower layers. But you could fabricate the lowest layer in silicon and then the rest as either carbon nanotube FETs or RRAM without harming the silicon layer.
Transistor/RRAM counts
The chip as fabricated has a million RRAM cells (bits?) and 2 million nanotube FETs. In contrast, in 2014, Intel's 15-core Xeon Ivy Bridge EX had 4.3B transistors and current DRAM chips offer 64Gb. So there are a ways to go before carbon nanotube and RRAM densities can get to a level available from silicon today.
However, as they have a bottom layer of silicon they can have all the CPU complexity of an Intel processor and still build RRAM and carbon nanotubes FETs on top of that. Which makes this chip architecture compatible with current CMOS fabrication techniques and a very interesting addition to current CPU architectures.
~~~~
Unclear to me why they stopped at 4 layers (1-silicon FET, 1 carbon nanotubes FET, 1 RRAM and 1 carbon nanotubes FET [sensor array]). If they can do 4 why not do 5 or more. That way they could pack in even more RRAM storage and perhaps more sensor layers.
Also, not sure what the bottom most layer of carbon nanotubes is doing. If I had to hazard a guess, it's being used for RRAM control logic. But I could be wrong.
I could see how these chips could be used for very specialized sensor applications, with a limited need for data storage. The researchers claim many types of sensors can be created using carbon nanotubes. If that's the case, maybe we might see these sorts of chips showing up all over the place.
Comments?
Photo Credit(s): Three dimensional integration of nanotechnologies for computing and data storage on a single chip, Nature magazine.
"The Plea" tells several stories -- different people, different charges, different parts of the country, all with one thing in common: the difficult dilemma of confronting a plea. The program also interviews experts on the criminal justice system .
"The real American justice system is unlike anything depicted on Law & Order and Court TV," says producer Ofra Bikel. "I know I was stunned when I realized that only about 5 percent of all felony convictions result from jury trials. The rest are settled by plea bargains. And these deals aren't always to the defendant's advantage."
It is the centerpiece of America's judicial process: the right to a trial by jury system that places a defendant's fate in the hands of a jury of one's peers. But it may surprise many to learn that nearly 95 percent of all cases resulting in felony convictions never reach a jury. Instead, they are settled through plea bargains in which a defendant agrees to plead guilty in exchange for a reduced sentence.
Copyright holding groups are always coming up with creative ideas for the classification and ranking of content. Here's another that hadn't occurred to us. Why not ask search engines to attach "red light" symbols next to sites categorized as a "risk" and put green ticks next to sites deemed safer?
That's exactly what a United Kingdom music copyright royalty collection organization proposes.
"Traffic Lights provide a visual indication to users approaching an unlicensed site that the site is facilitating copyright theft," explains the Performing Rights Society for Music's new plan (PDF).
"The traffic light—a green tick or red cross—would appear next to a link to the site in question. The traffic light can be applied wherever the site is, not just those in the UK, increasing the ability of consumers to protect themselves from sites hosted abroad and increasing their confidence in legitimate sites."
As the graphic below indicates, when a cursor hovers over a "red tick" site, a message would pop up. "This site links to unlicensed media," it warns.
Nudging consumers
Whatever you think about PRS for Music's idea, the timing for it is quite good. The UK's government is expected to respond fairly soon to its telecom regulator's recommendations for implementing the Digital Economy Act, with its controversial "three strikes" system for copyright infringers.
The government-backed "Hargreaves report" was very critical of the process that led to the Act, describing it as "lobbynomics." But it also noted that consumers are bewildered by the controversy over "legal" versus "illegal" content.
"In a world where it is possible to listen to music free on the radio; free or by subscription through a computer or smartphone from a streaming service; or by continuing to put a purchased or borrowed CD in a player, the concept of 'ownership' and 'purchase' has itself been redefined," wrote its author, journalism professor Ian Hargreaves.
"For the browsing consumer, it is not always obvious whether a music service is providing copyright material illegally—unless the supplier chooses to put the skull and crossbones on its mainsail, like Pirate Bay, the Swedish download service established in 2003, which today claims five million users, in spite of the fact that its founders received jail sentences in 2009."
So PRS for Music seeks to simplify the problem. "At present there is contradictory information presented to consumers searching for music and other entertainment online," the proposal explains. "Traffic lights is a solution which addresses this uncertainty with the intended impact that it nudges consumers in a legal (and safe) direction."
A full view
One big question is how sites would be "ticked" or classified as red or green. The color would be tallied on the basis of how many copyright infringement notices and takedown requests the site has received, the report discloses. Each site would then be given a "score"—the basis of its red or green light status.
"If a site has ignored a number of takedown requests, then we believe that it is fair to categorise the site as a risk and show a warning signal to consumers that are approaching it," the document adds. "In effect, traffic lights provide an incentive structure so that sites are encouraged to license content legitimately as well as penalising sites which refuse to take down illegal content."
Another challenge would be how to get search engines to implement this scheme. The PRS scheme doesn't address that problem. Instead it observes that the red/green distinction is already implemented in another context—the colors are already used by Internet security services to warn users away from sites that may contain Trojan or phishing scams. "This Traffic Lights proposal extends these services to inform users of potential copyright issues with a site, as well as other unfair or unsafe trading practices."
The plan also anticipates concerns from users. "Traffic lights will not be accepted unless their source is trusted and independent," the plan acknowledges. And so it proposes an "independent authority body" to oversee the idea. This entity would be authorized to take "a full view of the behaviour of a site, backed up by numbers and evidence of malpractice."
Moral majority
Who would be represented on this body? The proposal doesn't say, but its closing statement offers a hint about the makeup. "Traffic Lights has a valuable role as a consumer education initiative," the missive concludes. "We would like to work with ISPs, Internet security software providers, rightsholders, and other partners, to deliver this solution as soon as practicably possible."
We pinged PRS with a number of questions about this idea, especially the makeup of the proposed independent authority. PRS Office staff member Barney Hooper got back to us about its possible internal structure:
"In terms of the 'central and independent body' this could be a regulatory body (such as an Ofcom) or be independent of government or sit within a government department—all to be decided, discussed and debated," Hooper explained. "We wanted to stress at this early stage that the key thing was that for this proposal to work, there would need to be an independent body for the plan to be credible. It would need to liaise with all rightsholders and also anti-virus software providers/ISPs etc to ensure the supply of information was accurate and timely."
The proposal doesn't currently include any kind of appeals mechanism, we noted.
"You are absolutely right and it would need an appeals mechanism within it as well," Hooper acknowledged.
There's also the question of how takedown notices will be tabulated. Here's the answer: "In terms of takedown communications in the UK, I believe these currently sit with the Anti-Piracy Units of the both the BPI and also our own antipiracy unit."
Finally, we expressed some skepticism about the overall effectiveness of the idea. The PRS proposal posits the existence of a "Moral Majority" for whom Traffic Lights will work. The system will perform the crucial role of "establishing a distinction between good and bad in the minds of users, which we hope will be enough to deter 90 percent of users from accessing problem sites."
No doubt the right light tick would scare some consumers away. But what about rebellious types, we asked, who might see a red tick as a badge of honor?
"Oh yes," Hooper agreed. "I think there will be people that deliberately go for a red light. We're realistic about this proposal—this will not eradicate piracy. What it will do is signpost to the vast majority of people who want to find legal/licensed content a great way of doing so. It will help promote those sites that have chosen to go down the route of paying creators and performers and the more traffic they experience the better for content owners and also for their own sites in terms of search rankings."
The PRS document does point out that the red light/green light system will create a "vital" distinction will provide the "bedrock" for "an escalating series of measures to deal with the remaining determined offenders."
Busker scheduled for Thursday appearance in Denver for drug charge
Just as he's done for years, street performer "Ibashi-i" spreads out his rug on Pearl Street, begins contorting his body, which bends like putty, and shouts "Showtime!" and "Everybody looks at me!"
Ibashi-i -- or Milton Brown, as far as the immigration court is concerned -- tempts the curiosity of passersby with the promise he'll contort his 6-foot-tall, 160-pound body into a slender tube and a 20-inch Plexiglass cube.
His Rastafarian yoga show, which he stages almost daily on the 13th block of Pearl Street, may be no more, as Brown faces a hearing Thursday that could result in his deportation.
Over the past few years, the Caribbean native has been twice caught by police with marijuana, most recently on Jan. 1. Federal officials -- citing privacy laws -- can give few details about his deportation case, and they can't say whether he's a legal citizen. But Brown said his deportation proceeding has been pending for months and stems from a 2007 incident when he was caught with weed by Denver police.
Advertisement
In the second incident, a Boulder police officer patrolling the Pearl Street Mall cited Brown, 53, for possession of less than an ounce of marijuana.
Brown told police that somebody from his audience left the marijuana blunt in his tip bucket, and he showed the officer his application for a medical marijuana license. He told police that smoking marijuana is part of his culture, and he accused the officer of trying to get him deported, according to the Boulder police report.
Milton "Ibashi-i" Brown demonstrates his "Rastafarian yoga" during a show Tuesday. ( Stephen Swofford )
But the officer told him that since he's in the United States he needs to abide by the country's laws, adding that authorities had given him a past warning.
Elaine Komis, of the executive office for immigration review, said Brown is facing "removal proceedings" for a "controlled substance" charge, which violates a stipulation of the Immigration and Nationality Act. His hearing will be at 8:30 a.m. Thursday in the Byron G. Rogers Federal Building, 1961 Stout St. in Denver.
Thousands of Brown's fans have signed online petitions and joined a Facebook group in protest of his possible deportation.
Following one of his Tuesday-morning performances, Brown -- dressed in his bright red athletic shorts and a Bob Marley T-shirt -- said he's uncertain of his future. Brown, who said he is from the Eastern Caribbean island of St. Kitts, came to Boulder nearly two decades ago. He said he's the father of four children in Colorado.
"I think I'm a good value for the community," he said. "I'm the only performer who stays here all year."
Ultimately, he said, it's "up to him," as he pointed to the sky.
Laurel Herndon, executive director of the Immigrant Legal Center of Boulder County, said society has become more accepting of marijuana use.
Meanwhile, immigration law is arcane and "mired in a viewpoint that is completely out of touch with our community," she said.
Gia Stockton, 23, who works in the downtown shop Buddhas and Goudhas, started a Facebook group and online movement to gain support for Brown after the busker brought his anti-deportation petition into her shop.
"Boulder is known for Pearl Street," Stockton said. "And when people come from all over the world, he's one of the main attractions. He's friendly. He's happy. He's talented."
More than 3,500 people have joined the Facebook group, which calls Ibashi-i a Boulder icon. Additionally, 1,125 people have signed an online petition advocating that he not be deported.
Brown's Colorado arrest record includes a misdemeanor domestic violence charge in 1998 and some failure-to-appear-in-court charges.
Contact Camera Staff Writer Brittany Anas at 303-473-1132 or anasb@dailycamera.com.
GNOME Shell Spruces Itself Up with Tweaks, Features, and Fixes
The latest iteration of the popular GNOME desktop, version 3.8, sees release today – but what notable changes and improvements should you be looking out for?
Here's a list of our 10 favourite changes – in no specific order – new to this release.
10: App Launching Made Easier
Opening apps in GNOME Shell has always been easy to do, but tweaks to the Application Overlay in this latest release makes it even quicker still.
When viewing the Application Overlay you'll now find two tabs at the bottom – ‘Frequent Apps' and ‘All'.
‘Frequent' groups your most used apps together in one page, meaning you don't have to go search them out or remember to pin them to the launcher.
‘All', meanwhile, shows all your installed apps, including new ‘groups' of apps.
9: New App Previews
3.8 brings two new application ‘previews' to the desktop – a desktop weather app called ‘Weather' (imagine that, eh!) and a new note-taking app called ‘Bijiben'.
8: Clocks App
‘Clocks' is another new app on the GNOME desktop. Now stable and included as a default application in this latest release, Clocks allows you to add and preview world times, add alarms, and make use of a stopwatch and a timer.
7: All The Tweaks
No run-down of notable new stuff would be complete without mention of the raft of minor but vital ‘papercut' fixes that the GNOME team have been dutifully seeing to during this cycle.
Over 60 such bugs have been fixed, new animations introduced, and usability problems solved.
6: Privacy Options
Privacy is a hot potato topic on the Linux desktop right now. Ubuntu has included a range of configurable Privacy settings in its last few releases, but it's only with 3.8 that GNOME follows suit.
Options for adjusting what appears on the lock screen; what activity is tracked; and how long temporary files are kept around for can all be accessed behind the new Privacy tile in Settings.
5: Documents <3 Google
‘Documents', the default document management app on the GNOME desktop, gains a number of interace tweaks this release – as well as some seriously cool Google Docs/Drive integration.
Documents can now:
Open PDF files from Google Drive
Edit Google Docs from within the app itself
Share Documents via Google Docs
4: Web Changes
Web, the default web-browser in GNOME, also gets a boat-load of updates. Including:
‘New Tab' button added to toolbar
Private-browsing mode
Now Supports Adobe Flash
Improved page search interface
Undo tab close action
3: Improved Search
The Activities Overview has given its search results view a bit of an overhaul, with application-specific search results displayed.
You can fine tune the results that appear by tweaking the option inthe ‘Search' settings pane in Settings (formally known as ‘System Settings')
Don't want ‘Documents' appearing? Turn it off. Want files and folders to appear first? Move them to the top.
2. Classic Mode
Miss the ‘panel up, panel down' desktop layout of old? GNOME 3.8 has you covered with their new Classic mode.
The best thing about Classic mode is that it's wholesome GNOME. It's not a fork but built with GNOME 3 technologies – so you don't lose out on any of GNOME's great features. Everything from the App Menus and the Message Center to the GNOME Shell activities overlay are included and accessible.
1: Notifications
Accessing GNOME's Messaging Tray is easier in this release thanks to the addition of two new keyboard shortcuts:
Super+M – Opens and closes the message tray
Opens and closes the message tray Super+N – Expands a notification when displayed
Furthermore, a new Notifications Settings pane allows you to choose which apps show notifications, what sort of notifications they show, and where. Handy stuff!
Six years after the disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station, the government has lifted evacuation orders on four municipalities around the plant, allowing residents to return home for the first time since the meltdowns. The author, who has been involved in reconstruction planning since the evacuation orders were first given, calls for a multiple-track plan to meet the complicated needs of those who return and evacuees who continue to live elsewhere as evacuees.
The Beginning of the End, or the Prelude to New Heartache?
The Japanese government on March 31 and April 1 of this year lifted evacuation orders for areas around the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station it issued in the wake of the nuclear accident at the plant more than six years ago. The decision finally allowed some 32,000 residents of the four radiation-affected municipalities of Iidate, Kawamata, Namie, and Tomioka to return to their homes. Following the move, the only places still subject to evacuation orders are Futaba and Ōkuma (where the Daiichi plant is located) and parts of five neighboring towns and villages.
The Japanese media almost universally hailed the decision as a “major milestone” toward residents of affected areas rebuilding their lives. But this supposed milestone can be taken in two quite different ways. In much of the media there was an optimistic sense of a return to normalcy, resulting in the view that the evacuation orders lifting was a long-awaited new beginning in the recovery effort, and that residents would finally be able to start rebuilding their lives and communities. Another, more cynical view, however, is that it merely marked the start of new string of woes. Considering the challenges that face residents, in my opinion this second interpretation is closer to the truth.
The optimistic view is pushed by the national and prefectural authorities in charge of advancing recovery efforts in Fukushima, and is based on the following scenario.
Designate evacuation zones across areas affected by radiation, and provide support to evacuees in the form of temporary housing and compensation. Decontaminate the affected areas. Prepare to lift the evacuation orders as radiation levels fall. Rebuild local infrastructure and reestablish local services, rebuilding health, welfare, and retail facilities where necessary. Lift evacuation orders. Evacuees return home.
For the thousands of evacuees forced to live away from their homes over the past six years, however, there is quite a different sense to the orders being lifted. Some people will decide to return home while others will remain where they are. No matter their decision, though, we must face the fact that new challenges await both groups.
Many of those most eager to return home are the elderly, but health and welfare provisions are still far from satisfactory in many areas. There are also lingering doubts for other members of the community, such as the future of the area's farming, forestry, and fisheries. Local economies have been devastated, raising the question of employment and whether people will even be able to buy daily necessities, let alone support themselves long term.
The situation at the power plant also remains precarious and much work remains to be done. The problem of radioactive water has yet to be solved and a medium-term storage facility must be found for huge amounts of contaminated material. However, there is not even a timetable for when these will be accomplished. Faced with such uncertainty, many people will simply choose to remain where they are rather than risk returning home. However, this decision brings a different set of problems, as many of the support systems put in place to help evacuees will be cut off now that they are no longer prevented from going back.
In surveys carried out between 2014 and 2017 by the Reconstruction Ministry, the Fukushima Prefectural government, and the evacuated municipalities, more than half of residents of Futaba, Namie, Ōkuma, and Tomioka said they did not plan to return to their homes after the evacuation orders were lifted. In other areas where more than a year has already passed since evacuation orders were rescinded, the number of residents who have returned remains at 20% or less everywhere except Tamura. These sobering figures illustrate the steep road awaiting evacuees wishing to go home.
Assessing Conditions in the Affected Areas
The fact that authorities lifted evacuation orders despite so many issues still unresolved demonstrates a disregard for the challenges confronting residents. Now more than ever, we must consider and assess the uncertainties residents face and ascertain future challenges.
In the areas recently deemed fit again for human habitation, flexible containers filled with contaminated materials still lie in heaps at various temporary storage points, where they have been since clean-up operations began. While the plan is to eventually move these to medium-term storage facilities, I wonder if authorities when deciding to lift the evacuation order really understood the anxiety and stress placed on residents who must live their lives surrounded by mountains of contaminated debris.
The town of Hirono is situated 22 kilometers from Fukushima Daiichi. Following the disaster, the town's medical services fell to the sole efforts of the head of the local hospital, Dr. Takano Hideo. However, the future of the hospital was thrown in doubt when Takano died in a fire late last year. Nakayama Yūjiro, a physician in Tokyo, assisted for a time, spending two months earlier this year as the hospital's resident doctor.
Nakayama wrote a diary based on his experience, which was published in April 2017 by Nikkei Business online as Ishi ga mita Fukushima no riaru (The Reality of Fukushima: A Doctor's View). In his account, Nakayama describes the ongoing tragedy of the disaster and discusses the numerous people who have died from conditions brought on by the stress of residing in temporary living conditions. He points to three main reasons for these deaths: Separation from family and loss of community; interruption of ongoing medical treatment; and change of environment. Nakayama's experience illustrates how in indirect ways, the death toll from the disaster continues to rise.
Giving Up on the Dream of Going Home
The situation is worse still for people whose homes are subject to ongoing evacuation orders. Sasaki Yasuko, who was evacuated from her home in Namie, spent the time since the disaster in temporary housing in the town of Koori. In a 90-page record of her life as an evacuee called Osoroshii hōshanō no sora no shita (Under a Fearsome Radioactive Sky), she writes: “I don't want to die in temporary housing. That's all I ask. Everyone is talking about wrapping things up and bringing an end to the disaster—but I don't want my life to end like this. . . . Since the disaster, there seem to be slogans everywhere I go that are meant to keep our spirits up. But what more can I do than what I'm already doing? I wish someone would tell me what I'm expected to do.”
I met Sasaki for the last time in the spring of 2013. She was still living in temporary housing and was working to complete a model of her home in Namie, desperately trying to recreate from memories a place she thought she would never see again. Around a month after that, I learned that she had been hospitalized and had passed away at the age of 84. I also heard that before entering the hospital, she had taken her model and smashed it to pieces.
I had many other opportunities to talk to people whose homes are in areas “closed to habitation indefinitely.” Several of them told me that when they had tried to tidy up one of their short visits home, they found their houses in a state of chaos as a result of intrusions by boars and other wild animals. The residents asked the authorities to do something about it, saying, “Can't you catch the boars, or at least hire someone to stop them from getting into our houses?” But no business could be persuaded to take the project on as everyone was too afraid of the high radiation levels.
Faced with difficulties and indignities like this, people's eagerness to return home slowly withered. They say that the radiation tore everything up by the roots—history, culture, community—and they wonder if any amount of compensation can make up for such a loss. Robbed of their local heritage, many residents of affected areas continue to lament the cultural implications of the disaster.
The Need to Support Both Returnees and Evacuees
The authorities imagine a simplistic scenario where lifting the evacuation orders results in everyone returning home and living happily ever after. But life is not so simple, and this storyline does not include solutions for problems like those outlined above. As well as working to restore and rebuild the physical infrastructure in the evacuated towns and villages, the authorities need to work with residents to develop programs that will help them get their lives back on track. These programs need to have realistic outlooks of the future and must consider the hopes of the residents themselves.
From the initial days after the disaster, the message from the national government and Tokyo Electric Power Company, the operator of the Daiichi plant, has been: “Leave this to us.” This has permeated their attitude in establishing support efforts for evacuees in temporary housing, setting radiation safety standards, cleanup work, compensation negotiations, livelihood support, and reconstruction plans. Everything has been handled in an ad hoc fashion, leading to misunderstanding and anxiety and opening gaps between the authorities and those they are supposedly trying to help. For residents, all these actions are closely connected. There is still no process for building consensus and bridging the gulf that has formed between the authorities and the residents who should be playing a leading role in rebuilding their communities. It is in this context that the evacuation orders were lifted.
The authorities should make it a priority to draw up a less simplistic scenario that better reflects the reality on the ground. There must be a multiple-track plan balancing programs to rebuild communities and support returnees' lives back home with measures that provide help to evacuees who choose to remain where they are. One idea worth considering would be a program that allowed evacuees to divide their lives between two areas for a bridging period, giving them time to rebuild their hometowns while remaining in temporary housing. One way this could be accomplished is to provide residences where evacuees could live on a part-time basis as they work to rebuild their communities and repair their damaged and neglected homes.
(Originally published in Japanese on May 9, 2017. Banner photo: A photographer snaps photos of somei-yoshino cherries in Tomioka, Fukushima Prefecture, on April 12, 2017. Most of the 2.2-kilometer stretch of cherry trees is barricaded off inside an evacuation area. Since this spring, the first 300 meters of the road have been opened to the public during the daytime. The district is now designated an “area closed to habitation provisionally.” © Jiji.)
NASA's big announcement that liquid water exists on the surface of Mars — raising hopes of past or present life on the red planet — came at a perfect time for Fox's sci-fi film The Martian. Too perfect, some might say.
Within moments of the announcement, Twitter began lighting up with cynicism and sarcasm suggesting that the news was timed to generate more attention for both the film, which opens Friday, and NASA's own explorations. On Monday, The Martian director Ridley Scott did nothing to dispel the notion that the space agency was waiting for the most opportune time to present its findings about water on Mars.
“I knew that months ago,” Scott told Yahoo Movies.
Scott worked closely with NASA on the making of The Martian, which is based on Andy Weir's hard-sci-fi novel about an American astronaut (Matt Damon) who is stranded on Mars and uses his scientific knowhow to survive.
According to Scott, the topic of H2O on Mars came up during his discussions with the agency. “When I first talked to NASA, we got into all kinds of stuff and I said, ‘So I know you've got down there [these] massive glaciers,'” Scott said. “And he said, ‘Yeah, that the massive white thing [on the surface of Mars] that gets covered with dust, we think that's ice.' And I said, ‘Wow! Does that mean there was an ocean?' Are we right now what Mars was 750 million years ago?' And they went, ‘Uh, good question.' So they want to go up there and find out.”
But Scott specified to the New York Times that he only learned about Martian water after the film went into production — sparing him from having to adjust the plot. “[Damon's astronaut] would've found the edge of a glacier, definitely. It would be fascinating,” said Scott. “But then I would've lost a great sequence. He has to make water, and the steaming device, and put up the plastic tents, which creates the humidity, which grows the plants, which is the most basic form of irrigation.”
Dinosaurs' era is one of the most epoch-making and thus tremendous phenomena in world history. Long before first civilizations and continuing advancement of various countries, these giant creatures inhabited the world and today their remains are subjected to constant exploration. Discoveries of dinosaurs' skeletons and further relics are made in all corners of the world, and the biggest concentration is in Bolivia.
A vast wall in Sucre neighborhood is tiled with dinosaurs' traces, so one can see them from away. Cal Orca, the wall, is 1,2 km long and 80 meters high, giving much space for archeological and paleontological investigation. There are about five thousand tracks of prehistoric animals, which are dated back to the second half of Cretaceous period. Paws of huge beings had fallen into a soft coastline in warm and wet weather, leaving marks that were fixed later in periods of drought. Wet weather then came back, and this process was repeated seven times, keeping multiple layers of tracks. Eventually, the tectonic shift that turned the stone put it the way people can see at present.
The discovery was made in 1985, when local quarry workers had attempted to extend their work field and had run against these intricate wall pictures. They happened to be what dinosaurs left to us. Besides paleontologists, the site attracts thousands of tourists annually. In 1994 the scientific significance of Cal Orca was confirmed by Swiss paleontologists, who claimed it is a great contribution to dinosaurs' studies. It is a fact of common knowledge that the reason why they disappeared still is not defined.
The research of tracks is to provide a lot of information about the social behavior of dinosaurs. For example, you can see two large lines of big tracks mixed with small ones in between, indicating that some of the young dinosaurs grew up with their parents, who obviously defended their offspring. The most exciting track, however, is a 347-meter-long line belonging to a cub Tyrannosaurus.
Speaking of Cal Orca travel attraction, it is no doubts worth visiting place. In addition to a great wall covered with dinosaurs' footprints, one can attend the museums with related exhibition of archeological discoveries; these may enlighten some theories of what happened to prehistoric predators and how they had lived before. In Sucre the park of Cal Orca was opened in 2006, with a grand demonstration of dinosaurs' exact copies. However, the best way to esteem the significance of the place is to go on observation deck 150 away from the wall.
I N the following pages I have confined myself in the main to those problems of philosophy in regard to which I thought it possible to say something positive and constructive, since merely negative criticism seemed out of place. For this reason, theory of knowledge occupies a larger space than metaphysics in the present volume, and some topics much discussed by philosophers are treated very briefly, if at all.
NOTE TO SEVENTEENTH IMPRESSION
W ITH reference to certain statements on pages 44, 75, 131, and 132, it should be remarked that this book was written in the early part of 1912 when China was still an Empire, and the name of the then late Prime Minister did begin with the letter B.
1943
BIBLIOGRAPHICAL NOTE
The student who wishes to acquire an elementary knowledge of philosophy will find it both easier and more profitable to read some of the works of the great philosophers than to attempt to derive an all-round view from handbooks. The following are specially recommended:
PLATO: Republic, especially Books VI and VII.
DESCARTES: Meditations.
SPINOZA: Ethics.
LEIBNIZ: The Monadology.
BERKELEY: Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous.
HUME: Enquiry concerning Human Understanding.
KANT: Prolegomena to any Future Metaphysics.
The way the negotiations have gone you'd think the proposed fight between Andre Ward and Sullivan Barrera was some massive pay-per-view world title fight with a deal as complicated as Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao.
Nothing could be further from the truth, although the talks have been ridiculously complicated for no real reason.
It's a notable fight, of course, as Ward (28-0, 15 KOs), the former super middleweight champion, is moving up to light heavyweight to take on an undefeated contender in Barrera (17-0, 12 KOs) in a fight being planned for March 26 on HBO at the Oracle Arena in Ward's hometown of Oakland, California.
Ward is looking to get comfortable in his new weight class against a quality opponent and move a step closer to a fall showdown with unified titleholder Sergey Kovalev, a fight already agreed to as part of their HBO contracts.
Kovalev won one of his interim bouts last Saturday when he beat down former champion Jean Pascal for seven one-sided rounds in their rematch and moves on to a probable summer bout in his native Russia. Ward was ringside in Montreal on Saturday, theoretically to scout the fight and talk to the media to pump up the fall showdown.
But Ward, other than very brief interview in HBO, bailed on the press and even left before Kovalev's fight ended. Go figure.
Meanwhile, his promoter, Roc Nation Sports, and Barrera promoter Kathy Duva of Main Events, continue to go around and around trying to nail down what should be, relatively speaking, a very easy and very basic deal to make.
But this is Ward we're talking about, with whom nothing is ever easy. Everything is made more difficult than it needs to be, which is why he has fought only three times since defeating Carl Froch to unify super middleweight belts in December 2011. Ward preferred instead to fight a losing battle with his late promoter, Dan Goossen, whose contract was deemed rock solid at every legal turn.
After Goossen died, his family settled with Ward, who signed with Roc Nation, which is now finding out how tough he can be to deal with. He has fought once on the deal -- a meaningless fight against no-hoper Paul Smith in June. Then Ward pulled out of a Nov. 21 fight on the Canelo Alvarez-Miguel Cotto card because of knee soreness.
Then talks intensified with Barrera, after Barrera looked very good in a fifth-round knockout of former title challenger Karo Murat on Dec. 12.
But despite some reports swirling that Ward-Barrera is a done deal, it is not yet. They've been at it for about six weeks to make a fight that is now seven weeks away. It should have been done weeks ago, although both fighters are in training camp in anticipation of it being finalized some day.
Duva is as frustrated as anyone.
“Believe it or not, we are still talking. Leonard-Hearns, Holyfield-Foreman and Whitaker-Chavez all put together didn't take this long to make,” Duva told ESPN.com, invoking three megafights her company was involved in promoting.
Those were complicated fights that legitimately took time to make. They were not Ward-Barrera.
Duva, who has about 35 years of experience in the fight game, is not too happy with the way Roc Nation/Ward are conducting their business.
“It is literally a different issue every day,” Duva said. “It's a wonder that these people can put a four-rounder together.”
Roc Nation declined to comment on the negotiations but, ideally, they'll get around to finalizing the 12-rounder for March 26.
Oyster boats deploy their dredges and work a small section of the Rappahannock River as the sun rises near White Stone, Va., in October 2015. (Steve Helber/AP)
Oklahoma is 1,400 miles from the entrance of the Chesapeake Bay at Havre de Grace, Md., halfway across the country. But the distance didn't matter to Oklahoma's attorney general, Scott Pruitt, after the Environmental Protection Agency drew up a plan to clean the polluted bay. He tried to stop it.
Pruitt was one of 21 state attorneys general who signed an amicus brief opposing the largest cleanup of a water body in U.S. history. The brief supported a federal lawsuit filed by the American Farm Bureau Federation and the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau that claimed the EPA usurped the power of states in the watershed to regulate pollution that flows into the bay from cities and farms.
Pruitt is now President-elect Donald Trump's nominee to run the EPA, the agency that Pruitt has railed against, suing it more than a half-dozen times over regulations on clean water and clean air that he disagreed with.
[Trump names Scott Pruitt to head the EPA]
As he prepares to face a Senate confirmation hearing Wednesday, environmental groups that fought to clean the bay decades ago, when its rockfish disappeared and crab stocks plummeted, are worried. And advocates for clean water in Oklahoma say they should be, given Pruitt's record while he was responsible for waterways there.
(The Washington Post)
“Scott Pruitt could sink the Chesapeake Bay cleanup,” said Eric Schaeffer, executive director of the Environmental Integrity Project. “At a crucial point, just as the bay is starting to show progress under EPA's new bay cleanup plan, Trump picks someone to lead EPA who — as Oklahoma attorney general — went out of his way to file a legal action to try to block that cleanup.”
But a spokesman for Trump's presidential transition team said Tuesday that Pruitt recently assured Sen. Ben Cardin (D-Md.) that he supports the multistate approach to the bay restoration. The two met last week partly to discuss the nominee's position on the cleanup plan.
The spokesman clarified that Pruitt opposes any approach that would make the Chesapeake Bay a blueprint to clean watersheds elsewhere in the country. The EPA has repeatedly said over the years that it had no intention to take the plan nationwide. It also emphasized that point throughout the court proceedings.
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that the EPA has the authority to limit pollution that runs into the Chesapeake under the Clean Water Act. The federation that lost that lawsuit is now hailing Trump's choice, and some farmers who struggled to pay for infrastructure to lower chemical and manure runoff from their land say they believe that the scales have tipped in their favor.
“I will say that I think . . . Mr. Pruitt's strong suit is he comes from a state agency. He wants to work collaboratively with the states and be a little less top-down than” the Obama administration, said Don Parrish, senior director of congressional and regulatory relations for the American Farm Bureau Federation.
“We all can agree that we want a healthy, functioning, clean Chesapeake Bay,” Parrish said. “Our farmers recreate on the bay; they enjoy the bay. There was nothing about the cleanup farmers disagreed with. Where we differed from the EPA was the reading of the statute, what should be EPA's . . . authority and where that authority should go.”
A spokesman for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau, Mark O'Neill, said it “strongly supports the nomination” because it thinks Pruitt “will provide some common-sense leadership to the agency to work to improve the environment without creating unnecessary and unlawful regulations that threaten the livelihood of farm families across the United States.”
The farm lobbies say the bay cleanup should have been driven by the six states in its watershed — Virginia, Maryland, West Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New York — along with Washington.
Those states and the District had tried to collaborate on several cleanups since the 1980s and failed to make much of a dent in the nutrient pollution that plagued the Chesapeake. The Chesapeake Bay Foundation and other groups sued the EPA in 2009 for failing to restore the bay's health under the Clean Water Act, forcing a settlement that led to the current cleanup plan that started the following year and is set to end in 2025.
Nutrient pollution, primarily phosphorous from human and animal waste and nitrogen from farm chemicals, is a deadly cocktail that causes algae to grow out of control and suck oxygen from water, killing animals trapped in the resulting dead zone.
Under the EPA cleanup, the bay has improved, according to the foundation's most recent biennial “State of the Bay” report. “We believe the Bay is reaching a tipping point,” the report said.
“Each of the three indicator categories — pollution, habitat, and fisheries — has improved,” the report stated. Although grades as low as D-plus in each factored into an overall grade of C-minus, this was the best mark since the study series began.
“We are seeing the clearest water in decades, regrowth of acres of lush underwater grass beds, and the comeback of the Chesapeake's native oysters, which were nearly eradicated by disease, pollution, and overfishing,” according to the report.
Will Baker, president of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation in Annapolis, said he won't judge Pruitt before he takes office. “What we're going to try to do is to assume until proven wrong that Scott Pruitt will see the success of the program . . . and will want to take credit for the next phase of success.
“The cleanup is dramatic,” Baker said, noting that it is allowing the bay's health to recover. “This is moving forward with great success. I can only hope the new administration won't try to undercut it.”
Massive algae blooms and dead zones occur in waters throughout the United States. Conservation groups in Oklahoma are familiar with them. The state attorney general before Pruitt, Drew Edmondson, sued neighboring Arkansas for failing to adequately regulate manure runoff from hundreds of chicken farms that fouled the Illinois River downstream in Oklahoma.
Edmonson battled Arkansas and its poultry farms until he left office in 2011. But Pruitt took a different tack, opting to negotiate with the Arkansas state attorney. The talks led to a study that found that Oklahoma's pollution limits were being violated as a result of upstream waste. Pruitt agreed to allow Arkansas to voluntarily undertake a cleanup, rather than enforce action through litigation.
Ed Brocksmith, director of Save the Illinois River, said Pruitt's relaxed approach to enforcement did not do nearly enough to lower pollution in Oklahoma's waters. But he looked at Pruitt's appointment with some optimism. “Having an Oklahoman in such a high administrative position could be an advantage to us in protecting our clean water,” he said.
But Brocksmith said his group has concerns “because of his close association to the farm bureau and his opposition to EPA rules and regulations. What's the saying, hope springs eternal?”
Johnson Bridgwater, director of the Sierra Club's Oklahoma chapter, was not as hopeful. He said environmentalists who want to see the goals of the bay cleanup fulfilled should be worried.
“If you look at how Pruitt handled a similar water pollution case in Oklahoma, and knowing he openly opposes EPA making these types of improvements in the state, they should not expect too much drive in the EPA continuing work in the Chesapeake Bay under his leadership.”
For at least one new resident, the 31-unit co-housing complex in East Vancouver is a cure for loneliness.
"I'm looking forward to lots of hugs, lots of connection," said Lorne Mallin, a 68-year-old retired journalist who bought a unit and says it will be a big change from his current housing.
"I can spend a whole day in my beautiful apartment looking at the ocean, but no one will knock on my door and say how about a cup of coffee?," he said.
Owners of the city's first co-housing complex can begin moving in at the end of January.
The complex located at 1733 East 33 Avenue, allows 60 people to live in the complex in their own private condominiums.
"We're just people who really like to be engaged and involved in our communities," said Ericka Stephens-Rennie, unit-owner in Vancouver's first co-housing complex. (CBC)
The units range from studios to four-bedroom units and each resident has the option of sharing a large common space that includes a lounge, dining room, yoga studio and kitchen.
'We're just people who really like to be engaged and involved in our communities," said Ericka Stephens-Rennie, who also bought a unit. "It's not like we're in glass houses, where you can see each other. There's a good balance between personal and private space."
The units cost about 10 per cent more than comparable housing, but owners believe it will save them money in the long run because they are sharing resources like food and babysitting.
"Think about the things every family does every night. They're making dinner, they're bathing children, they're helping with homework, they're figuring out what people will take for lunch the next day," said Stephens-Rennie adding that the physical space of the complex will support and encourage this type of sharing and community building.
Our oligarchic class is incompetent at governing, managing the economy, coping with natural disasters, educating our young, handling foreign affairs, providing basic services like health care and safeguarding individual rights. That it is still in power, and will remain in power after this election, is a testament to our inability to separate illusion from reality. We still believe in “the experts.” They still believe in themselves. They are clustered like flies swarming around John McCain and Barack Obama. It is only when these elites are exposed as incompetent parasites and dethroned that we will have any hope of restoring social, economic and political order.
“Their inability to see the human as anything more than interest driven made it impossible for them to imagine an actively organized pool of disinterest called the public good,” said the Canadian philosopher John Ralston Saul, whose books “The Unconscious Civilization” and “Voltaire's Bastards” excoriates our oligarchic elites. “It is as if the Industrial Revolution had caused a severe mental trauma, one that still reaches out and extinguishes the memory of certain people. For them, modern history begins from a big explosion — the Industrial Revolution. This is a standard ideological approach: a star crosses the sky, a meteor explodes, and history begins anew.”
Our elites — the ones in Congress, the ones on Wall Street and the ones being produced at prestigious universities and business schools — do not have the capacity to fix our financial mess. Indeed, they will make it worse. They have no concept, thanks to the educations they have received, of the common good. They are stunted, timid and uncreative bureaucrats who are trained to carry out systems management. They see only piecemeal solutions which will satisfy the corporate structure. They are about numbers, profits and personal advancement. They are as able to deny gravely ill people medical coverage to increase company profits as they are able to use taxpayer dollars to peddle costly weapons systems to blood-soaked dictatorships. The human consequences never figure into their balance sheets. The democratic system, they think, is a secondary product of the free market. And they slavishly serve the market.
Andrew Lahde, the Santa Monica, Calif., hedge fund manager who made an 870 percent gain last year by betting on the subprime mortgage collapse, has abruptly shut down his fund, citing the risk of trading with faltering banks. In his farewell letter to his investors he excoriated the elites who run our investment houses, banks and government.
“The low-hanging fruit, i.e. idiots whose parents paid for prep school, Yale, and then the Harvard MBA, was there for the taking,” he said of our oligarchic class. “These people who were (often) truly not worthy of the education they received (or supposedly received) rose to the top of companies such as AIG, Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers and all levels of our government. All of this behavior supporting the Aristocracy only ended up making it easier for me to find people stupid enough to take the other side of my trades. God bless America.”
“On the issue of the U.S. Government, I would like to make a modest proposal,” he went on. “First, I point out the obvious flaws, whereby legislation was repeatedly brought forth to Congress over the past eight years, which would have [reined] in the predatory lending practices of now mostly defunct institutions. These institutions regularly filled the coffers of both parties in return for voting down all of this legislation designed to protect the common citizen. This is an outrage, yet no one seems to know or care about it. Since Thomas Jefferson and Adam Smith passed, I would argue that there has been a dearth of worthy philosophers in this country, at least ones focused on improving government.”
Democracy is not an outgrowth of free markets. Democracy and capitalism are antagonistic entities. Democracy, like individualism, is not based on personal gain but on self-sacrifice. A functioning democracy must defy the economic interests of elites on behalf of citizens. This is not happening. The corporate managers and government officials trying to fix the economic meltdown are pouring money and resources into the financial sector because they only know how to manage and sustain established systems, not change them. Financial systems, however, are not pure scientific and numerical abstractions that exist independently from human beings.
“When the elite begin to think that money is real, the crash is coming,” Saul said in a telephone interview. “That is just a given in history. Because what they've done is pull themselves out of the possibility of looking in the mirror and thinking, this is inflation, speculation, this is fluff. They can't do it. And when you say to them, gosh, this is not real. And they say, oh, you don't understand, you're so old-fashioned, you still think this is about manufacturing. And of course, it's basic economics. And that's what happens every single time.
“The difficulty is you have a collapse, you have a loss of face by the people who are there, and it's not just George Bush, it's very, very deep,” Saul said. “What we're talking about is the need to rethink the departments of economics, of political science. Then you have to rethink the whole analytic method of the World Bank. If I'm the secretary of the treasury, and not a guy like [Henry] Paulson, but I mean a sort of normal secretary of the treasury or minister of finance, and I say, OK, we've got a real problem, let's get the senior civil servants in here. Gentlemen, ladies, OK, clearly we have to go in another direction, give me some ideas. Well, those people don't have any other ideas because at this point they're about the fourth generation of what you might call neoconservative globalist managers, unfairly summarized. So they then go to the people who work for them, and you work down; there's no one in there with an alternate approach. I mean they'll have little alternatives, but no basic differences in opinion. And so it's very difficult to turn anything around because they've eliminated all opposing ideas inside. I mean it's the problem of the Soviet Union, right?” Saul pointed out that the first three aims of the corporatist movement in Germany, Italy and France during the 1920s, those that went on to become part of the Fascist experience, were “to shift power directly to economic and social interest groups, to push entrepreneurial initiative in areas normally reserved for public bodies” and to “obliterate the boundaries between public and private interest — that is, challenge the idea of the public interest.”
Sound familiar?
“There are a handful of people who haven't been published in mainstream journals, who haven't been listened to, who have been marginalized in every way,” Saul said. “There are a couple of them and you could turn to them. But then who do you give the orders to? And the people you give the orders to, they are not going to understand the orders because it hasn't been a part of their education. So it's a real problem of a good general who suddenly finds that his junior generals and brigadiers and corporals, you want them to do irregular warfare and they only know how to do trenches. And so how the hell do you get them to do this thing which they've never been trained to do? And so you get this kind of disorder, confusion inside, and the danger of what rises up there is populism; we've already had populism in a way, but we could get more populism, more fear and anger.”
We may elect representatives to Congress to end the war in Iraq, but the war goes on. We may plead with these representatives to halt Bush's illegal wiretapping but the telecommunications lobbyists make sure it remains in place. We may beg them not to pass the bailout but 850 billion taxpayer dollars are funneled upward to the elites on Wall Street. We may want single-payer, not-for-profit health care but it is not even discussed as a possibility in presidential debates. We, as individuals in this system, are irrelevant.
“I've talked to several Supreme Court justices, several times in several countries,” Saul told me, “and I say, look, in your rulings, can you differentiate easily in cases between the social contract and the commercial contract, and to which the answer is, we can no longer differentiate. And that lies at the heart of the problem. You don't have the concept of the other, and of obligation of the individual leading to individualism. You can't have that if the whole legal system has slipped over the last, really, 50 years, increasingly, to a confusion between the social contract and the commercial contract. Because they are two completely different things. The social contract is about the public good, responsible individualism, imagining the other. The commercial contract is a commercial contract. They're not supposed to be confused. They don't actually fit together. The commercial contract only works properly when the social contract works in a democracy.”
The working class, which has desperately borrowed money to stay afloat as real wages have dropped, now face years, maybe decades, of stagnant or declining incomes without access to new credit. The national treasury meanwhile is being drained on behalf of speculative commercial interests. The government — the only institution citizens have that is big enough and powerful enough to protect their rights — is becoming weaker, more anemic and less able to help the mass of Americans who are embarking on a period of deprivation and suffering unseen in this country since the 1930s. Consumption, the profligate engine of the U.S. economy, is withering. September retail sales across the U.S. fell 1.2 percent. The decline was almost double the 0.7 percent drop analysts expected from consumers, whose spending represents two-thirds of U.S. economic activity. There were 160,000 jobs lost last month and three-quarters of a million jobs lost this year. The reverberations of the economic meltdown are only beginning.
I do not think George W. Bush or Barack Obama or John McCain or Henry Paulson are fascists. Rather, they are part of a cabal of naive, mediocre and self-deluded capitalists who are steadily weakening political and economic structures to a point where our democracy will become so impotent that it can be blown aside, probably with broad popular support. The only question is how this will happen. Will there be a steady and slow decline as in the late Roman Empire when the Senate ended as a farce? Will we see a powerful right-wing backlash from those outside the mainstream political system, as we did in Yugoslavia, and the rise of a militant Christian fascism? Will there be a national crisis that allows those in power to instantly sweep away all constitutional rights in the name of national security?
I do not know. But I do know that what is coming, as long as our oligarchy remains in charge, will not be good. We will either recover the concept of the public good, and this means a revolt against our bankrupt elite and the dynamiting of the corporatist structure, or we will extinguish our democracy.
Over the past several months, journalists have had no qualms about attacking President Trump on a deeply personal level, calling him an “embarrassing” “unhinged” “liar,” a “sociopath” and a “madman” presiding over a “malignant presidency.”
But eight years ago, many of these same reporters were offended at criticism of Barack Obama and his policies, scorning the “mean,” “ugly,” “offensive” “vitriol” and “idiot talk” hurled at the last President during the same months of his term.
While the media have given plenty of oxygen to anti-Trump protests since his first day in office, the Tea Party protests against Obama in 2009 were disparaged as “orchestrated,” “AstroTurf,” and criticism of ObamaCare was portrayed as a consequence of racist unwillingness to accept a black President.
Today's journalists see it as a badge of professionalism to harass Trump and his spokesmen, but eight years ago some reporters derided talk radio, Fox News and others in the media who failed to get on board the Obama train as peddling “hateful crap” that “borders on sedition.”
Some in the media even suggested that criticism of Obama was threatening “the President's personal safety,” with New York Times columnist Tom Friedman raising the 1995 assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin by an extremist: “The parallels to Israel then and America today turn my stomach.”
Eight years later, does anyone in the liberal media worry that their constant negative coverage might be putting President Trump in danger?
Here is a video compilation followed by several transcripts from MRC's NewsBusters' archive showing the big difference in how the media, who now disparage President Trump, hated criticism of President Obama eight years ago:
Calling Obama a “Socialist” = “Right-Wing Idiot Talk,” “Old-School Insult”
“Where Obama exudes the new Washington equanimity, [former House Speaker Newt] Gingrich exalts in the old-school insult. He is ruthless in caricaturing anyone who gets in his way as a ‘pagan' or ‘statist' or ‘socialist' or ‘racist' — all words Newt has hurled in recent days....It is hard to shake the feeling that Gingrich's new prominence is more a sign of the GOP's desperation than faith in its future....”
— Newsweek's Howard Fineman writing in the magazine's June 22, 2009 edition.
“There's become this new ‘idiot button' on the right, where you have to punch this button in order to be considered a real conservative now: ‘Obama is a socialist on health care. He's a socialist. All his fiscal programs are insanely socialistic.' You have to punch that button....If you don't talk in that, that right-wing, idiot talk you're not considered a conservative any more.”
— MSNBC's Chris Matthews on Hardball, June 16, 2009.
Obama Critics “Push the Boundaries of Decency”
Co-anchor David Shuster: “Remember the old adage about being able to disagree without being disagreeable?”
Co-anchor Tamron Hall: “Yeah, I remember it, but I don't think a lot of people who listen to, maybe, certain radio stations believe that. Well, six months after President Obama took office, a lot of sociologists and analysts believe that harsh political discourse against him really amped up and people started to push the boundaries of what might be considered decency.”
— Exchange during MSNBC live coverage, July 17, 2009. The on-screen headline read, “Too Much Political Hate?”
Anti-Obama Protests = “Orchestrated” “AstroTurf”
Anchor Charles Gibson: “Members of the House of Representatives are already back in their districts on summer recess, most holding town hall meetings to find out what's on the voters' minds, and what they're hearing is criticism over health care reform. And some of that criticism appears to be orchestrated....”
Correspondent Jake Tapper: “Clearly, some of it is organized. Bob MacGuffie, a grass roots conservative activist wrote a widely circulated memo advising others at town hall meetings to put the Congressman quote, ‘on the defensive with your questions and follow up.'”
— ABC's World News, August 4, 2009.
“Everywhere a congressperson holds a meeting, apparently, these people show up. Well-dressed, middle-class people in pinks and limes if you will. Who are they? They've been called the ‘Brooks Brothers Brigade.' Who are these people?...Do you think the health insurance companies that have made money for years on health care are the bad guys here? Do you think they're behind these so-called AstroTurf demonstrations?”
— MSNBC's Chris Matthews talking about the negative public reaction that some Democratic members of Congress have faced at local town hall meetings, August 4, 2009 Hardball.
“The truth is out about the societal sabotage dressed up as phony protests against health care reform....When Hamas does it or Hezbollah does it, it is called terrorism. Why should Republican lawmakers and the AstroTurf groups organizing on behalf of the health care industry be viewed any differently?”
— MSNBC's Keith Olbermann talking about anti-ObamaCare protests on Countdown, August 7, 2009.
It Can't Be Obama's Policies, So It Must Be Racism
“Is right-wing racism on the rise?...You know, obviously we have got morons like Limbaugh calling Obama an angry black man....I think they are hurting their party and I think we are in a nation tired of hate....I'm going to throw a Jewish slur and call Mr. Limbaugh a putz.”
— Fill-in anchor Donny Deutsch on MSNBC News Live, July 30, 2009.
Wall Street Journal's Steve Moore: “This is still a pretty conservative country and people are upset about the policies in Washington and they don't think the politicians are listening.”
Chris Matthews: “Okay, I think, I think some of the people are upset because we have a black President.”
— Talking about the town hall protests on MSNBC's Hardball, August 11, 2009.
“Look at the image of the Republican Party, all white males with short haircuts. They look sort of angry. No women, no minorities, and it looks like they've sort of become unhinged.”
— MSNBC anchor David Shuster during the 4pm ET hour of live coverage, September 10, 2009.
“They've waved signs likening President Obama to Hitler and the devil; raised questions about whether he was really born in this country; falsely accused him of planning to set up death panels; decried his speech to students as indoctrination; and called him everything from a ‘fascist' to a ‘socialist' to a ‘communist.' ...And all that was before Mr. Obama's speech was interrupted by a representative who once fought to keep the Confederate flag waving over the South Carolina state house. Add it all up, and some prominent Obama supporters are now saying that it paints a picture of an opposition driven, in part, by a refusal to accept a black President.”
— ABC's Dan Harris on World News, September 15, 2009.
Critics Need to Shut Up Before Obama Gets Hurt
“We turn now to the contentious debate over President Obama's health care agenda. The rising anger is now ramping up concerns over the President's personal safety....”
— ABC's Bill Weir introducing a story on Good Morning America, August 14, 2009. The on-screen headline: “Anxious Moments; Threats Growing In Health Care Debate?”
Host Chris Matthews: “The activists on radio are not afraid, because they're not afraid of anything. But at some point, if we have violence in this country against our President of any form or attempt, people are gonna pay for it, the people who have encouraged the craziness....”
The Politico's Roger Simon: “I agree 100 percent, but the base of the party, the core of the party, likes the clown show....They're playing with fire.”
— MSNBC's Hardball, September 22, 2009.
“It seems to me that there is a sort of meanness that's settled over our political dialogue. It started this summer at these town hall meetings....President Carter is now saying that he thinks it's racial. Nancy Pelosi says it could be dangerous. What do you think it's all about?”
— CBS's Bob Schieffer to President Obama on Face the Nation, September 20, 2009.
“House Speaker Pelosi worried about the opposition, the tone of it, perhaps leading to violence as it did in the '70s. There's more recent examples of anti-government violence — occurring even in the mid-'90s. Do you worry about that?”
— David Gregory to Obama on NBC's Meet the Press, September 20, 2009.
“I was in Israel interviewing Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin just before he was assassinated in 1995....The parallels to Israel then and America today turn my stomach: I have no problem with any of the substantive criticism of President Obama from the right or left. But something very dangerous is happening. Criticism from the far right has begun tipping over into delegitimation and creating the same kind of climate here that existed in Israel on the eve of the Rabin assassination.”
— New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman, September 30, 2009.
“Is President Obama at risk, not politically, but physically? Has the political heat over issues big and small gotten so hot, it threatens the President's life?...Congressman Patrick Kennedy, whose uncles John and Bobby were assassinated, warns that angry opposition to health care reform could lead to violence. There are consequences, he said, to angry rhetoric.”
— Host Anderson Cooper on CNN's AC360, September 30, 2009.
Still Blaming a “Vast Right Wing Conspiracy”
Moderator David Gregory: “Your wife famously talked about the vast right wing conspiracy targeting you. As you look at this opposition on the right to President Obama, is it still there?”
Former President Bill Clinton: “Oh, you bet. Sure it is.”
— NBC's Meet the Press, September 27, 2009.
So Much for Sticking Up for Fellow Journalists
“Let me be precise here: Fox News peddles a fair amount of hateful crap. Some of it borders on sedition. Much of it is flat out untrue.”
— Time's Joe Klein on the magazine's “Swampland” blog, October 23, 2009.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
