Former French National Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen speaks to reporters in November 2014
Former French far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen has tweeted his support for Donald Trump's candidacy for U.S. president.
In his post on Saturday on the social media platform Le Pen, 87, said, as translated into English by The Guardian newspaper: "If I were American I would vote for Donald Trump."
"But may God protect him," Le Pen also wrote.
Polls predict that Trump, 69, a brash billionaire who has never held political office, is likely to defeat Republican party rivals to win key primary contests being held on Tuesday across America, in what is known as "Super Tuesday."
He has already unsettled mainstream Republicans by winning three straight nominating contests - in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada.
Le Pen, the former head of France's National Front, built his political career calling for anti-immigration policies similar to those embraced by Trump who has promised to build a “big, beautiful wall” along the U.S.-Mexican border, and to deport 11 million undocumented people.
Le Pen once said that Nazi occupation was not "particularly inhumane" and suggested Ebola could solve Europe's “immigration problem”. His party is now led by his daughter, Marine Le Pen, who is also known for her inflammatory rhetoric.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Trump has disavowed the endorsement of another far-right figure, David Duke, a former head of the Ku Klux Klan, who said on Friday that "voting against Donald Trump at this point is really treason to your heritage."
× Nearly two decades in conservative Utah, Hooters closes its doors
SALT LAKE CITY — After opening nearly two decades ago to some controversy and a few raised eyebrows, the restaurant Hooters has apparently closed its doors in Midvale.
Utah's Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control confirmed to FOX 13 the restaurant relinquished its liquor license, a sign that it has closed and not planning to reopen. DABC spokesman Terry Wood said Hooters had a full-service restaurant license, which allowed it to serve beer, wine and spirits as long as patrons also ordered food.
Hooters gave up the coveted liquor license in December, Wood said.
Archived reports said Hooters opened near 7200 South and State Street in 1998 to a bit of controversy. Some residents had complained of Hooters' use of waitresses in tight tank tops and shorts to sell chicken wings in a state known for its conservative culture. The “breastaurant,” as it's been dubbed by some, has always played off its buxom waitresses.
Hooters' Midvale location was its only Utah restaurant. An email sent to Hooters' corporate offices seeking comment was not immediately responded to on Tuesday. The national chain has restaurants in Colorado and a casino in Las Vegas.
Terrorist clearly seen running over and viciously stabbing two people, before finally being shot dead.
Extremely disturbing footage has emerged showing the moment a terrorist launch the second of two vicious terrorist attacks in Jerusalem Tuesday, plowing his car into pedestrians at a bus stop before stabbing them repeatedly.
Warning, graphic footage:
Alaa Abu Jamal's attack killed 59-year-old Rabbi Yeshiyahu Krishevsky and left another man wounded, before he himself was shot dead by a security guard in Jerusalem's Geula neighborhood.
It was preceded just a few minutes earlier by a shooting and stabbing attack on a bus in which two people were murdered.
Previous footage uploaded by a nearby motorist of Abu Jamaal's attack was relatively unclear, but this latest footage - apparently recorded by CCTV cameras - offers a far clearer insight into the chilling, cold-blooded nature of the attack.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has confirmed an Irish man has been caught up in the Nice terror attack. It's understood he's in a critical condition in hospital.
84 people, including several children, were killed when a truck ploughed into crowds celebrating Bastille Day in the southern French city.
Police car parked near the scene
Witnesses say the truck zig-zagged along the Promenade des Anglais for more than a mile.
Le témoignage de cette femme qui aurait vu le camion fou dès 22 heures https://t.co/VLkG7cmt6l pic.twitter.com/8T2KgThZoZ — Nice-Matin (@Nice_Matin) July 15, 2016
The driver then reportedly climbed out and started shooting, before being killed by police. He's believed to have been a 31 year old petty criminal of Tunisian descent. Guns and grenades were found inside the truck.
A state of emergency in France that was due to end in 11 days has been extended for 3 months. It had been in place since October's attacks in Paris. French president Francois Hollande has described it as a terrorist attack:
"Once again, horror has hit France. This attack that has all the elements to be called a terrorist attack is once again of an incredible violence, and we have to do everything we can to fight this terrorist plague."
A woman cries asking for her son as she walks near the scene
The Taoiseach says he is deeply shocked and saddened. In a statement issued this morning Enda Kenny says "Once again innocent people have been targeted at an occasion of joy and celebration."
He also says he wishes to express deepest sympathies and solidarity to President Hollande and to all of France on behalf of the government and Irish people.
The Lord Mayor of Dublin, Brendan Carr, said "On behalf of the people of Dublin, I wish to extend my deepest condolences to French President Francois Hollande, the French Ambassador to Ireland, Jean-Pierre Thébault, to the French authorities and the people of Nice and France."
A Book of Condolence will be opened at the Mansion House, Dawson Street on Monday 18th July and Tuesday 19th July from 10 a.m. – 4.00 p.m. to allow Dubliners to express their sympathies and support to the families and friends of those who died in Nice.
"Our thoughts today are especially with all the families, relatives and friends of those who were killed and injured as they celebrated their country's national holiday", he addded.
Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan said "Irish citizens in Nice who need to contact the Embassy can do so at 0144176700, and are advised to exercise caution and follow instructions of local authorities."
"Consular staff in my Department are also on hand to take calls from concerned families here in Ireland and they may be contacted at any time at 01 408 2000."
Forensic officials work on the beach next to the Promenade des Anglais
Richard Garriott's Shroud of the Avatar Kickstarter has ended, and it's been a big success.
22,322 people backed the new RPG, raising nearly double - $1,919,275 - the original $1 million goal.
Donations are still open via the Shroud website, where an additional $138,328 has been raised.
Shroud of the Avatar is both a single-player RPG and a persistent online game. There's an offline mode and there are three online modes, and the latter can be freely switched between.
You'll even be able to play the Single-Player Online mode offline for a time, then reconnect to the persistent online world after a plane or train journey.
I spoke to Richard Garriott about his new game a couple of weeks ago. There's a tonne of information on the Shroud of the Avatar Kickstarter page as well.
Shroud of the Avatar will be a PC (Windows and Linux) and Mac game. Its estimated time of release is October 2014.
It was not long, however, until a different schism was to have markedly different results. Among the sects of the Second Temple period, one of the major controversies concerned the Messianic idea. Whereas many Jews saw the Messianic age as coming in the far off future, others took a more apocalyptic view, expecting the end of days to emerge very soon out of the struggles and suffering of the present age. Such tendencies ultimately helped to foster the conditions necessary for the rise of Christianity. Early in the first century C.E. there coalesced around Jesus a group of disciples attracted to his teachings and to his expectations of the dawn of a new age. His crucifixion at the hands of the Romans transformed him in the eyes of his disciples into a Messianic figure, whose death in some way paved the way for redemption. As such, his followers, still living as Jews and basically following the mandates of Jewish law, were distinguished only by their belief that the Messiah had come in the person of Jesus. In the aftermath of the destruction, the tannaim attempted to draw Judaism together around a common tradition. They regarded Christianity as heretical, and branded the early Christians as minim, Jews holding incorrect beliefs. Although they· regarded the Christians as Jews, since they were Jews according to halakhah, the tannaim took a strong stand. They excluded the Christians from serving as precentor in the synagogue, then declared their scriptural texts to have no sanctity, even if they contained the name of God, then prohibited certain forms of commercial and social contact. Yet throughout this first period, there was no challenge to their halakhic status as Jews and no decree that prohibited marriage with them
All this was soon to change as a result of developments which took place within the nascent Christian church. Sometime in the mid-first century, the apostle Paul returned to Jerusalem from one of his journeys abroad with a new concept. He had found great interest among gentiles in Christianity. This was especially the case since many had come into contact already with Jewish ideas. Yet as can be seen from the phenomenon of semi-proselytes there was substantial hesitation to formally convert to Judaism in the Greco-Roman world. Full conversion involved the observance of Jewish law, including circumcision and the dietary laws. Paul proposed to his fellow Christians to make it possible to be a Christian without first becoming a Jew. He himself would have preferred the abandonment of the Law for all Christians, since he saw this as the natural result of the coming of Jesus, yet the proposal he made was a compromise with others more attached to Jewish practices. Ultimately, Pauls s approach was accepted and Christianity was opened to gentile believers who streamed into the new faith, quickly spreading it throughout the neighboring countries.
It was not long before the tannaim reacted to the changed nature of the Christian community. Whereas the earlier tannaim had faced Jews who believed that Jesus was the Messiah, the Rab­bis now confronted non-Jews (from the halakhic point of view) who constituted a separate religious community. These were not minim, Jews with heretical beliefs, but noserim, Christians. During the Bar Kokhba Revolt, the Christians, unable to support the Messianic pretensions of Bar Kokhba, sided with the Romans. By the end of the Bar Kokhba revolt, the Rabbis regarded the entire Christian community as non-Jewish. Even the Bishop of Jerusalem was now gentile since Jews (even Jewish Christians) were prohibited from living in the Holy City. It no longer mattered that a few of the Christians were technically Jewish. The lack of Jewish status of the group as a whole led the Rabbis to disqualify them as a whole. Henceforth, from the Rabbinic perspective, the Christians were a separate religion and a separate people. Marriage with them was now prohibited.
It is also possible to follow this process of separation from the perspectives of the Romans and the Christians. The Romans were outsiders who concluded that the schism was permanent at the end of the first century and, accordingly, began to regard the Christians as a separate religious community, excused from paying the fiscus judaicus, the Jewish poll tax.
In the case of the Christian sources, the matter is somewhat more com­plex. We can trace the schism in the New Testament itself. In the earliest accounts in the Gospels, the Christians see their enemies as the Pharisees. After all, they themselves are Jews. By the time we get to the Gospel of John, the Jews as a whole are identified as the opponents of Jesus. Clearly, by the time the later books of the New testament were authored, this schism had become complete from the Christian point of view. Yet, of course the Christians saw themselves as the true Israel and the Jews as having gone astray.
As we noted, from the point of view of the Rabbis it was the abandonment of the traditional definitions of who is a Jew that led to the complete separation of Christianity from Judaism. Theological differences would not have been enough. The eventual result of this separation was a long history of hatred by the daughter for the mother who had begotten her and centuries of suffering for the Jewish people. Yet the Rabbis stood firm. The Christians were not Jews according to halakhah, and marriage with them was forbidden; they had left the Jewish people.
Djibouti does not frequently feature in the headlines, but the leader of the tiny country in the Horn of Africa and his international partners recently touted this state of rock mountains, and extremely hot weather as the new Dubai, the Shekou of East Africa, and the rising African Singapore.
If it sounds difficult to imagine such a glowing future for a country which the Associated Press once dismissed as a place devoid of resources “except for sand, salt, and 20,000 camels”, think for a moment of the state of the Arabian Gulf metropolises in the early 60s which would in a mere 30 years transform from impoverished pearling villages into Arabian Manhattans. Djibouti is poised to transform in much the same way in a fraction of the time, if it takes advantage of this moment of opportunity.
Djibouti counts on its vital strategic location for global trade and regional geopolitics to propel its development.
When Djibouti gained its independence forty years ago, nothing promised a great future for the microstate. If anything, it was at risk of being swallowed up by one of its two powerful neighbors as predicted by the New York Times at the time. In a dispatch from the city one month before independence the NYT wrote: “Because these two feuding countries had been moving in to exert control over the territory and because it is so impoverished that it cannot stand on its own, many feared that that its independence would be a flashpoint for a major war on the so‐called horn of Africa.”
Ethiopia relied on Djibouti port as its economic lifeline and Somalia had a historical claim on Djibouti as being part of a pre-colonial Somali territory. An imminent clash between the two countries in 1977 was averted by Djibouti's decision to stay away from an anticipated and much touted union with Somalia. Although Djibouti remained mainly peaceful with the exception of a short-lived insurgency of the Afar people, the second largest ethnicity in the country after the Somalis, the country had to wait for the end of the Cold War to reap the benefits of its strategic location.
Consumed by internal strife and superpower rivalry during the Cold War, Ethiopia and Somalia went through devastating civil wars which finally ended the strongmen regimes in both countries. In fact, Djibouti, originally a bone of contention between her neighbors, later became the place where both poor refugees running away from conflict and rich businessmen seeking a safe haven for their money took refuge.
But the moment that chaos gripped Somalia and led to the rise of extremism and piracy in the Indian Ocean, which accounts for 70 percent of the total traffic of petroleum products and 50 per cent of world's container traffic, Djibouti struck gold for its location. Moreover, with a global loss of about $7 billion (Dh25.74 billion) at the height of piracy in 2011, the location of Djibouti has become as precious a resource as a new oil find. Marine forces of industrial and post-industrial countries flocked to Djibouti to base their anti-piracy operations there.
As an American journalist once said, Djibouti's importance boils down to three things: “Location, location, location.” Due to its proximity to hot conflict zones in Africa and the Middle East including Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, Syria, and Iraq, Djibouti is one of the few countries poised to reap the benefits of such a dangerous neighborhood.
Apart from the French Foreign Legion that has been based there since independence, the United States established its largest military base in Africa in Djibouti's Camp Lemonnier in 2002. This was soon followed by major powers who secured their presence in Djibouti with China building its first overseas military base there which opened this year.
Boosting Country's Infrastructure
But apart from the windfall in rent from these new bases, Djibouti's real economic breakthrough came in 2006, when DP World gained a concession to develop and operate the Doraleh Container Terminal (DCT), leading into the opening of DCT in December 15th, 2008 as one of the most technologically advanced container terminals on the African continent.
Capitalizing on its location, Djibouti earmarked billions of dollars for infrastructural investment over the next five years, according to Djibouti Vision 2035. The plan includes the construction of a chain of ports and free zones in an agreement with China. Kick-starting the development spree was the inauguration of several ports including the completion of the first phase of the ultra modern Doraleh Multipurpose Port built by the Hong Kong based China Merchant Group (CMG), a partner of Djibouti Port SA.
Talking to China Daily, CMG president Li Xiaopeng said: “Making full use of Djibouti's geographical advantages, we are in the process of making the country the ‘Shekou of East Africa'. He said they would put their model in Shekou, known as “Port-Park-City, into practice in Djibouti. A sprawling development project of a business district with commercial and tourism facilities is also expected to be completed by 2021 at the location of the old port.
Among Djibouti's most ambitious projects are a number of railways that started with the opening of the Chinese built railway track, the first electric transnational railway in Africa, linking Addis Ababa to the port of Djibouti. The importance of the 752Km railway lies in the fact that Ethiopia, the most populous landlocked country in Africa and the fastest growing economy in the world according to World Economic Prospect Report 2017, imports more than 90 per cent of its trade through Djibouti which accounts for 70 per cent of Djibouti ports' overall operations.
Another Chinese financed Ethio-Djibouti project is the Damerjog Hydrocarbon infrastructure, due to be completed next year, which will include an LNG Terminal that will export gas from Ethiopia's Ogaden region primarily to China via Djibouti. Also in the design is another 550Km long pipeline planned to transport refined diesel and gasoline fuel from Djibouti's to central Ethiopia, while another 1,600Km pipeline is planned to transport crude oil from Southern Sudan's Melut basin to Djibouti.
The most ambitious project underway is a 8,715 km trans-African highway linking Dakar (Senegal) to Djibouti (Djibouti) and will traverse 10 West, Central and East African countries when it is completed in 2022. Djibouti will also have two more major airports to be completed by 2019.
The boom's economic and political pitfalls
Despite the investment boom and the country's growth rate considered one of the highest in Africa, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), cites that 41 percent of the population of Djibouti is still poor and 23 percent live in extreme poverty, while the unemployment rate stands at 39 per cent according to the IMF and African Development Bank.
“The authorities should advance rapidly in critical reforms aimed at translating investments into strong, inclusive, and job-creating growth”, said a statement by the IMFs mission chief for Djibouti.
Both Institutions also cautioned Djibouti authorities that the country is at a high risk of over-indebtedness due to most of the infrastructure investments are financed externally. The government, however, argues that the objective of vision 2035 is to bring economic transformation to offset the debt crisis.
On the political front, President Ismail Omar Guelleh who came to power in 1999 has won every election since then after amending the constitution to run more than two times. Opposition figures accuse him of denying a level playing field for his opponents and silencing dissent voices. Even the American Foreign Policy magazine branded Djibouti as “A friendly little dictatorship in the Horn of Africa.”
Given the President's vision of ambitious and speedy infrastructural development, one wonders if he will join the club of similar benevolent authoritarians who led their countries to modernity and prosperity. But that is a consideration for historians and the passing of time. From the current vantage point Djibouti enjoys a wealth of opportunities and the door to prosperity lies wide open. The moment waits to be seized.
Bashir Goth is an African commentator on political, social, and cultural issues.
AC/DC will release its new album 'Black Ice' worldwide on October 20th, in physical format only since the band doesn't sell its music online. However, the upcoming album has already been digitized by pirates, as it leaked to BitTorrent five days ago. In that time it has taken the trackers by storm, racking up a staggering 400,000 downloads.
A big name band releasing their first album in 8 years is important, so when AC/DC's forthcoming album ‘Black Ice‘ leaked onto the Internet last week, it felt like it should've been a newsworthy event. But there seemed little to get worked up about because let's face it, everything leaks these days and this particular leak initially seemed to offer little new.
Then, just one day after the October 7th leak, Undercover ran a story, claiming that Sony was flooding BitTorrent sites with fakes in an attempt to frustrate potential downloaders of ‘Black Ice'. TorrentFreak investigated these claims and couldn't find any fakes on the most commonly used BitTorrent trackers and it's pretty certain that fakes wouldn't exist on any private trackers either. Calls for Undercover to clarify the basis for the claim have gone unanswered.
However, there is something exciting to report in respect of this leak. During the last 5 years when most recording artists have experienced a drop in CD sales, AC/DC have been flourishing, last year selling 1.3 million CDs in the US alone. For a band that hasn't released any new music for 8 years, never releases a ‘greatest hits' album and does not sell any of its music online in digital format, this is pretty impressive.
Of course, AC/DC might not want to distribute their music online, but there are plenty of other people who are happy to do so. Since the album leaked to BitTorrent on October 7th, a full 13 days in advance of its worldwide release date, ‘Black Ice' has been downloaded an incredible 400,000 times, which is a pretty clear indicator that AC/DC fans would like the band's music in digital format rather than just CD. On Mininova, one of the world's most popular BitTorrent download locations, four of the top five most downloaded music torrents in the last week are AC/DC.
Other ‘winners' in the BitTorrent music download charts this week were Keane, coming in at #3 with 80,000 downloads of their album ‘Perfect Symmetry‘ (due to be released officially tomorrow) and Oasis in second position with 100,000 downloads of ‘Dig Out Your Soul‘.
Just this week, Oasis guitarist Noel Gallagher said he believes that the music industry loses around 25% of its profits to piracy. “That's what was spent on champagne and limos,” he said, adding, “It's good when record companies panic. They need to streamline. Just like these big banks going under, and those Wall Street idiots driving Ferraris. What about people who had a hurricane rip apart their community? That's real pressure, my friend.”
Whether artists actually lose money from ‘illegal' downloads is something that can be debated. However, it is clear that refusing to make music available online will boost pirated downloads significantly. In just a few days the downloads of ‘Black Ice' on BitTorrent equal a third of all AC/DC's physical album sales last year. Quite a shocker.
Clashes in the Rojava region of northern Syria between al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra and the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) and the People's Protection Units (YPG) of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD), which controls most of the region, are escalating. The strategic Yaroubia (Tel Kocher in Kurdish) crossing that links Rojava to Mosul and to Baghdad was captured by the PYD after prolonged clashes. Observers say the PYD's capture of Yaroubia, following its earlier capture of the Ceylanpinar, Senyurt and Nusaybin crossings, will drastically alter balances in the region. Turkish daily Milliyet recently reported the advances of the PYD toward the crossing controlled by al-Qaeda groups.
According to a report by Syria-based Hawar News (ANHA) agency, on the night of Oct. 25, YPG militants launched a three-pronged assault against al-Qaeda-linked groups in the Tel Kocher area. YPG forces first seized the villages of Ciheshiye and Mahmoudiye and positions around them after violent combat. In the second massive assault at 3 a.m., the YPG captured the cement factory radical Islamists had been using as their headquarters. The YPG's third major operation was at Suka Azad. Around dawn, the YPG captured the Yaroubia crossing that faces the Iraqi Rabia crossing. Reports said al-Qaeda groups sustained heavy casualties in these clashes. The YPG also reportedly captured a mortar tube, many weapons and ammunition.
After the capture of the border crossing, clashes shifted to the center of Tel Kocher where a tank belonging to al-Qaeda groups was destroyed and more casualties were inflicted. Many villages in the region are now under YPG control. The YPG is reported to have captured vast supplies of weapons and ammunition.
The second after Habur
After the vital Habur crossing between Iraq and Syria, Yaroubia — which is the most important gate to Iraq — is on the major trade route. Most of the economic activity between Syria and Iraq is conducted through this gate. The region is mostly populated by Turkmen and has been under Jabhat al-Nusra's control until now.
Crossings closed
After the PYD took over control of the Kurdish region, Turkey had closed the crossings of Nusaybin, Senyurt, Ceylanpinar and Akcakale linking the region to Turkey. That move has led to shortages of food and other basic needs in the region, compelling Syrian Kurds to turn to Iraqi Kurdistan for their basic needs. Because of problems between the PYD and other Kurdish parties that are allied with Massoud Barzani, the leader of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) of northern Iraq, the crossing was closed to Syrian Kurds, only to be occasionally opened for essential supplies. This is why the PYD has been expanding its operations to capture the Yaroubia crossing, which would allow unhindered access to Mosul.
Muslim will use the Mosul road
Last week, the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) — the ruling Kurdish party of northern Iraq — did not allow PYD leader Salih Muslim to enter northern Iraq on his way to Europe. Muslim was told to go to Europe via Turkey, Iraq or Iran. After the PYD's capture of the crossing to Mosul, Muslim will now be able to bypass northern Iraq and go to Europe via Mosul or Baghdad. The PYD intends to use this crossing to break the embargo of the northern Iraqi Kurds on Rojava.
Last updated at 15:49 12 October 2007
Alarmed residents rang police last night after seeing 200ft flames shoot from Battersea Power Station during filming for the new Batman movie.
Crew members for Batman: The Dark Knight, starring Christian Bale as the Caped Crusader, were shooting some explosive scenes at the now defunct power station in central London.
Scroll down for more
But as they carried out the controlled explosions, flames shot high up into the air, terrifying local residents.
The incident follows the death of the film's special effects expert, New Zealander Conway Wickliffe, 41, last month when a car stunt rehearsal went wrong in Surrey.
His four-wheel drive vehicle crashed into a tree while following a stunt car - believed to be the Batmobile - at the special effects facility near Chertsey.
Batman: The Dark Knight, directed by Christopher Nolan and also starring Sir Michael Caine and Heath Ledger, is due for release in Britain next year.
Scroll down for more
Back in January a report gave us some details about Andy Rubin's latest venture, which involves a company working on a high-end, bezelless smartphone. Andy Rubin, as you may know, is a co-founder of Android, and he was in charge of the OS at Google until 2013. Rubin left the search giant a year later, and recently created a new company called Essential Products.
This will be the maker of that top of the line handset that should be out around the middle of the year. And what you see below is the first photo showing it.
The image was shared by Andy Rubin himself, in an attempt to drum up some hype for the phone. As you can see, the 'bezelless' claim was pretty spot-on - while not truly lacking bezels, we see a screen with very small ones indeed. From this angle, the phone is in fact reminiscent of Xiaomi's Mi Mix, with the minimal top bezel. Obviously we don't yet know if the Essential device has a bigger bottom bezel like that model or not.
While the initial report didn't mention anything about this, those icons on the screen strongly imply that the Essential smartphone will run Android.
If its launch is to take place in the next few months, we expect to see (and hear) much more of it soon. It's going to have a modular system courtesy of a proprietary magnetic connector. The device's display could be pressure-sensitive like the newest iPhones', whereas in terms of materials we'll see a metal frame and a ceramic back.
Source
According to a published filing on the FCC website, it appears a possible sequel to last year's Moto 360 smartwatch from Motorola just went through its paces. With test reports filed for Bluetooth and WiFi (802.11b/g/n), and the details stating that testing took place on a “smartwatch” for Motorola Mobility, evidence suggests we may not be too far away from the company's followup wearable.
Not long ago, a possible charger for this device also went through the FCC. In the documents filed, it is written that the regulatory information is embedded electronically. This same method was used on last year's Moto 360. A user will need to head into the Settings menu to view the Identification Label, which is unlike the case on smartphones.
Of course, Motorola also filed a confidentiality request letter, so there are no photos of the device, renders, or anything too telling for us to drool over.
We may not have gotten the new Moto 360 this morning at Motorola's event, but we're getting closer.
Via: FCC
Cheers Nicolas!
The following story appears in the collection Spells by Michel de Ghelderode, out this year from Wakefield Press. It is translated from French by George MacLennan. Michel de Ghelderode (1898−1962) was a Belgian author of drama, poetry, and short stories. Born to a royal archivist father and devoutly religious mother, the author began writing plays in 1916. His work, preoccupied with cruelty and the grotesque, has been praised by the likes of Jean Cocteau and analyzed in relation to authors like Antonin Artaud and Alfred Jarry. After becoming ill in the 1930s, his activity in the world of theater saw a significant reduction, and the short story collection Spells comprises what he hoped could be a fresh start for his creative output. The recently released edition from Wakefield Press combines the contents of the 1941 and 1947 versions in a new translation by George Maclennan.
To the Master Engraver Jules de Bruyker
It had been raining since dawn. Damp had made my room as foul‐smelling as a cave and its light was really that of a crypt where I was moldering, looking at tears streaming down the window and feeling that I was gradually swelling up with water absorbed through my pores. It seemed that this rain would last forever. I was surrounded by a pervasive odor of old scrapheaps and, since everything smelled, my body emitted the smell that tramps carry in their rags. My thoughts, like a bottle imp, slowly sank under the pressure of the opaque sky. And this inexorable descent into the void constituted a palpable but unspeakably horrible torture. Is it conceivable that a man in a room, unmoving and apparently impassive, could stand to feel his soul smothered without groaning, writhing, or praying?
As the day flowed by I sank lower and lower, my thoughts pulsing more and more feebly, but without obliterating themselves as I wished they would. And I was gripped by a premonition that this afternoon the world would come to an end, that the world could end in no other way. Our world wouldn't explode in a glorious detonation; it was becoming a ball of mud, peeling, rotting, hydropic, destroyed by water, a miserable humanity returning to its primordial marshlands where elementary life fermented, filthy living debris, deaf and blind . . . Such were my thoughts, creeping like long worms, until the moment when my consciousness was sucked down into a muddy sleep.
Emerging from that low stupor, it seemed to me I was climbing back up toward the mouth of a pit. The rain had stopped. And my window allowed a singularly strong and heavy light to unfurl in the interior, one whose brutal, almost material flow pushed everything aside. That intense luminosity astonished me. It was no longer day, but night could not have fallen yet, and the sunset sky, a shattered mirror, had to exist somewhere behind the fissured wall of the rain. This light seemed truly liquid, lacking vibrancy and as though everything it touched was left coated with glycerine. Worried by that shaft of light, I got up from my damp couch, managing my limbs with difficulty. I staggered, trying to gain my balance, and the fear of no longer finding anything solid in the three dimensions of my room redoubled my disquiet. Was the cave now transforming itself into an aquarium, and was I going to find myself incapable of useful action, deprived of part of my weight? This fear of being stripped of my humanity revived my instincts and I threw myself toward the door with the movements of a swimmer. I felt somewhat reassured on running down the stairs but only recovered adequate confidence when I made contact with the street pavement, with the terrestrial globe that my fantasy had imagined lost. And I moved forward along the walls in search of the city and those who lived in it.
Scarcely any living beings to be seen; the city still existed, a charcoal mass, all outcrops and passages, still streaming with water and drifting in the ashen atmosphere without a guiding light, like a piece of flotsam. It beggared belief that no one was doing anything to fight the encroaching darkness, that not one lamp had been lit, that not one window glowed anywhere . . . Thankfully the air was breathable and not chilly, though autumn was advancing; old heat still lingered, discharged from the ground. My body had been rescued and it wasn't long before I discovered what was pressing down on my soul. Coming out onto the level area that surrounds the church of St. Nicholas, where a hundred passageways and blind alleys come to discharge themselves as though into a vat, I surprised the secret of the deathly torpor, the lethargy that still suffused the city, similar in every respect to what I had suffered; just then the sky appeared to me, unexpectedly, like the sea discovered at the summit of a ramp; a bizarre, sunken sky, out of a prehistoric fantasia and made up of an accumulation of gaseous grottos. And these cloudy pockets seethed with light, a cold and slobbering light that you could have cut with a knife; a poisonously tinted light, slowly ejaculated . . . It looked to me like the invention of a possessed or mad painter. The discovery of this catastrophic sky awakened my sense of oppression and, simultaneously, my feeling that the Earth and the species pullulating on its crusts were threatened by an imminent calamity. I couldn't accept that I was witnessing a twilight at its moment of crisis, a luminous orgasm. My mind as much as my eyes questioned this impossible sky, because it was an inverted echo of the entrails and abominable fluxes of the globe, and also because this meteorological phenomenon seemed to me, if I dare write this, a monstrous error of nature . . . And I hid my inflamed eyes.
Freeing them after they had been rested, I saw that the aerial grottos had vanished and that the pallid twilit screen displayed a scene that was no less delirious; the clouds were outlined in relief and, in a sculpted frieze, depicted a pitiless scramble of cattle, ochre‐, brown‐, and blue‐colored, a silent charge toward the gates of sunset. But everywhere the herds were surrounded by the darkness that had provoked the disaster, the panicked outlines drowned in black ink. Was I alone in contemplating these visions? Living souls sheltering in their dwellings obstinately persisted in leaving their lamps unlit. Did they reckon that the night wasn't yet at its darkest? The taverns that usually yawned open like so many outlets of hell round the grounds of the church, even they didn't send out their red glow! Nevertheless the city wasn't dead; it was in a deep sleep and would awaken late. The few shadows that stole by in the distance couldn't be those of passersby, rather of sleepers in search of matches. Was I going to remain petrified in the middle of this square where pools of mud surrounded me? The mud came out of the paving stones or else flowed like fetid lava from the hundred passageways, hypocritically filling the vat of St. Nicholas. And the danger posed by my solitude was heightened by banks of fog hovering as high as a man, where there was nothing to hold onto should the ground shift even more. A place of immediate refuge offered itself: the church, just like in the fearful days of wrath when people believed that the end of the world was nigh.
This decrepit church, so old and so shaken by the winds, was well qualified to awaken the idea of peril. Good people said that it constituted a perpetual miracle and a proof of Providence in action inasmuch as it never crumbled away, as in all logic it ought to have done on every day granted by God. Constructed in a quagmire, mistreated and set on fire a score of times, it persisted like an aged, decalcified body, all wounds and excrescences, standing thanks only to the crutches of its buttresses. Eroded by bad weather and dislocated by the water that swelled its porous walls, it endured only by the rights granted to phantoms, a shadow of a church that no archaeologist would have dared to touch for fear of seeing it collapse into debris. Nevertheless it regained its resilience and its primitive prestige in the darkness, and with its sheer walls and fortress‐like central tower it appeared imperishable. I reached its porch, pushing at creaking partitions, stumbling on broken steps, believing myself descending, and descending in fact, for over the course of the ages the church had seen the ground rise around its walls, unless it happened to have sunk on its foundations. And I had the feeling of having fallen into a trap. I was in a grotto that was almost dark, but one where threatening, phosphorescent statues lay in ambush at various levels, where flights of columns formed frightening labyrinths. My eyes begged in vain for the illumination of a candle. From whence did all this fluorescence seep if not the stone itself? Or was it nothing but the glow emanating from the innumerable dead buried in the naves? I went down the axis of the chancel, advancing with outstretched arms, hypnotized by a distant tongue of purple fire licking at the void. The memorial slabs shifted under my feet. I breathed in funereal smells too, a latent decay added to which were rank odors, rancid incense. The mud of the city was no longer a threat, but didn't the flagstones of this religious charnel house themselves constitute a trap that was no less dreadful? Ah! If I were to sink down into the muck from which these enormous cryptogamous pillars had grown! . . . Who then would stretch out a hand to save me? There was no one in this church, and I repeated in a loud voice and without awakening any echo, “Is there nobody here? . . .”
There was someone, against whom I had just stumbled: a Christ collapsed against a column and regally offended under his crown of thorns; he confronted me with the horrifying face of a torture victim, his grimace intolerable, the contorted mouth of a man strangled with a garrote. I was truly in despair at having to disappear without remission for my sins, and, my voice failing me, only my lips continued to murmur their plea: “Miserere!” No, there was no one in this gigantic cavern, under these crumbling vaults; no one to bear witness to the despairing death that would be mine. At first I'd pretended to feel nothing, but the evidence was clear; the church was inexorably foundering and I was sinking down with it, sucked down by the depth, in an abyss of foul mud; the vessel was going down, broken apart, and even if my reason refused to admit it my feet and legs knew it. Had I cried too loudly to heaven that I was abandoned? God abruptly manifested Himself to reply to me that He was still there even if no one else was, infallibly above and beyond disasters; He threw me a lifeline . . . By a miracle I was able to seize a rope. It was salvation, or death postponed. I must have arrived under the central tower. With this cable I could reach the vault, the roofs of that crenellated tower where the errant bells were sleeping; with them I would be able to sound the alarm, but at what cost, of such a climb. Besides, I needed to awaken them to save myself and, at the same time, rouse the town from its torpor by means of this tocsin that hadn't sounded since the wars. How vigorously I grasped the rope, bending my knees like a gymnast, the better to jump. But at that moment a second miracle occurred: a golden tone broke out, solemnly, a voice of pure metal releasing a loud cry that spread out, undulating in the silence. That happened angelically, without my intervention. A gong sounded the hour of a mystery. Only a supernatural fist could have struck the golden hour over the abyss of Time . . . At this signal, the chancel filled up with an amber vapor, the pillars regained solidity and the naves unfolded harmoniously. The dislocated church remade itself geometrically, under the orders of an invisible architect that was nothing but light. Candles lit up like stars. The mortuary slabs once more steadied themselves. And with the advent of priests resembling bronzed birds, and who sought to exorcise the darkness with their gestures, I felt a fierce gratitude toward the magical Consciousness that prevented the world from perishing on this day of deluge. Everywhere human forms arose and went forward, like resurrected beings emerging from the walls and the pavements. These shades, were they singing, and were the organs expelling the opaque air of their lungs? This collective song might have been thought the voice of a crowd processing in the open air around the church; the song had barbaric overtones, though its inspiration seemed to be sacred. This vocal drone that I wasn't able to identify didn't fail to comfort me, just as the renewal of light had done, and it was without fear that I undertook to exit the church, climbing back up to the surface of the city without further difficulty.
Night had fallen, completely. Countless streetlights blazed, the façades wore their familiar faces. Living beings moved about in the reconsolidated city. And the precincts of St. Nicholas were swarming as in times of fairs and cavalcades. The church was encircled by herds. The cattle arrived in abundance, crossing the city from one end to the other, through the old passageways, with St. Nicholas as the cauldron that provided the terminus. It was the night of their holocaust. Their bellows fluctuated, melting together and making a deep pedal note that was counterpointed by sharp bleats and joyful barks. And the majestic cohorts were whipped on by mighty curses. I moved forward, squeezed between the oxen, lost in that flood of rumps and muzzles. The world hadn't come to an end; the world smelled carnally after the deluge. And, under the lunar searchlights, I went with the musical and so fatally beautiful herds, deported to the cruel abattoirs where the beasts are sacrificed, their blood flowing in torrents in order to appease, who knows which, the wrath of the gods or the hunger of men . . .
Ex-Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq surrounded by security
Torch grabbed Thirty-seven arrests have been made after clashes between pro-Tibet protesters and police as the Olympic torch made its way through London. Protests over China's human rights record began soon after the relay began at Wembley, and prompted an increasing police presence through the city. One protester tried to snatch the torch from former Blue Peter host Konnie Huq. After an unpublicised change to the route, the Chinese ambassador carried the torch through Chinatown. It later made an unscheduled move onto a bus. See a map of the torch relay route A protective ring of 10 Chinese flame attendants and fluorescent-jacketed police officers surrounded the torchbearers at all times, with additional uniformed officers joining at potential flashpoints along the route. Police decided the torch should travel along Fleet Street to St Paul's Cathedral by bus, rather than held by a runner, after it was surrounded by a large group of protesters. Chaotic scenes A contingent of pro-China supporters also tried to make their voices heard along the route, waving Chinese and Olympic flags and calling for "one China". I always said my taking part in the procession doesn't mean I condone China in any way
Konnie Huq
In pictures: Olympic Torch relay Brown criticised over parade Outside Downing Street there were chaotic scenes as former Olympic heptathlon gold medallist Denise Lewis took the flame to No 10. Gordon Brown greeted the torch outside Number 10 despite coming under pressure to boycott the parade and the Beijing Olympics opening ceremony. However he did not hold it. Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said the prime minister's involvement was "wholly inappropriate" until China opened talks with the Dalai Lama. People cannot just come in and cause havoc with what's being done...and officers have stopped them
Jo Kaye
Metropolitan Police Commander
Huq tells of 'shock' Flashpoints on torch route Police said there were about 500 people in Whitehall and about 2,000 gathered near the British Museum. Several small scuffles broke out as police tackled some of the protesters. Beijing Olympic torch relay spokesman Qu Yingpu told the BBC: "This is not the right time, the right platform, for any people to voice their political views. Human rights "So we are very grateful and very thankful to the people in London, the police and the organisers, for their efforts trying to keep order." Pictures of the London relay were broadcast on China's state-controlled TV, but not of the protests and disruption. Metropolitan Police Commander Jo Kaye denied officers had been heavy-handed with some protesters. "Our duty is to see that that torch is taken safely and securely to the end of its route. We're doing that. We're on schedule. The convoy has kept going according to schedule all the way," he said. "People cannot just come in and cause havoc with what's being done there and the officers have stopped them. They know quite well that they shouldn't be trying to get in at the torch and they've been stopped." At the start of the relay, three protesters were taken away by police after trying to board the open-top bus taking the torch from Wembley. Police also stepped in when a protester later tried to snatch the torch from Ms Huq. Olympic values She told BBC News 24 she was "a bit bashed about" but not seriously hurt. "I always said my taking part in the procession doesn't mean I condone China in any way," she added. "I believe in the Olympic values, the Olympic ideals... it's just unfortunate that China has such a terrible track record when it comes to human rights and they are the host nation." Those taking part in the relay include 10 Olympic champions, 18 schoolchildren and public figures such as newsreader Sir Trevor McDonald and musician Vanessa Mae. Double Olympic champion Dame Kelly Holmes ran the last stage of the route to complete the relay and lit the Olympic cauldron in front of 5,000 spectators. The flame will complete the London leg of its journey with a finale event at the O2 Arena. It will then leave for Paris. Girl band The Sugababes withdrew from the finale at the last minute, saying singer Amelle Berrabah had been diagnosed with laryngitis. They had earlier carried the torch on an open top bus down Oxford Street. The torch was lit in Olympia, Greece, last week and will go through 20 countries before being carried into the Beijing Games opening ceremony on 8 August. LONDON TORCH RELAY 6 APRIL 1: Wembley 1030BST 2: Ladbroke Grove 1100 3: British Museum 1220 4: China Town 1230 5: Trafalgar Square 1250 6: Southbank Centre 1330 7: Somerset House 1415 8: St Paul's Cathedral 1430 9: Potter's Fields 1500 10: Whitechapel Road 1530 11: Stratford 1600 12: Canary Wharf 1700 13: North Greenwich 1800 Source: Mayor of London
Return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Playboy founder and icon Hugh Hefner died on Wednesday evening, a spokesperson for the men's magazine said. He was 91.
Hefner passed of natural causes at his home, the famed Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles, surrounded by loved ones. Burial details and memorial plans are presently unknown.
“My father lived an exceptional and impactful life as a media and cultural pioneer and a leading voice behind some of the most significant social and cultural movements of our time,” his son and current Playboy Chief Creative Officer Cooper Hefner said in a statement.
Also Read: 10 Major Moments from Hugh Hefner's Career (Photos)
“He will be greatly missed by many, including his wife Crystal, my sister Christie and my brothers David and Marston, and all of us at Playboy Enterprises,” Cooper added.
Playboy began on Hefner's kitchen table 64 years ago, his official obit says, and spawned a branded empire that encompasses print and digital publications, merchandise and other portfolio companies.
“By putting up his furniture as collateral for a loan and borrowing the rest from family and friends, Mr. Hefner published the very first issue of Playboy in December of 1953. It was an instant sensation,” Hefner's bio reads.
Also Read: Hugh Hefner's Wives and Girlfriends Through the Years (Photos)
A symbol of progressive (and excessive) sexual liberation, Playboy was a hotbed of star writers during the heyday of magazine journalism — a place where nudes existed beside essays and profiles from Ray Bradbury, John Updike, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Margaret Atwood, Jack Kerouac and Kurt Vonnegut.
Well aware of accusations that he exploited women, he fought hard to defend his reputation. He boasted to Rolling Stone in 1986 that “there has never been a casting couch connected to Playboy,” though he acknowledged having relationships with Playboy Playmates, and married two women who appeared in the magazine, including his widow, Crystal Harris.
When several of Bill Cosby's accusers said Cosby had raped them at the Playboy Mansion, Hefner called the allegations “truly saddening” and said he would “never tolerate this kind of behavior.”
Also Read: Hugh Hefner's Young Widow Crystal Harris 'Won the Jackpot,' Say Twitter Trolls
He engaged in a long fight with Peter Bogdonavich in the 1980s after the director accused Hefner of raping Dorothy Stratten, a Playboy centerfold who was later killed by her ex while living with Bogdonavich. Hefner strongly denied the allegations, and blamed Bogdonavich for a stroke he suffered in 1985.
Hefner is the recipient of numerous prestigious publishing awards, and two-time Guinness Book of World Records holder “for being the longest running editor of a magazine and for having the largest scrapbook collection, which currently consists of more than 2900 volumes,” the Playboy rep said.
Also Read: Playboy Founder Hugh Hefner Fondly Remembered by Hollywood Stars, Media Figures
Read Hefner's full accomplishments in his official obituary below:
Hugh M. Hefner, the American icon who in 1953 introduced the world to Playboy magazine and built the company into one of the most recognizable American global brands in history, peacefully passed away today from natural causes at his home, The Playboy Mansion, surrounded by loved ones. He was 91 years old. Starting from his kitchen table 64 years ago, Mr. Hefner's uncompromising vision drove the creation of not just the iconic and groundbreaking magazine, but what has become one of the world's most enduring and recognizable brands. In the process, Playboy became the largest-selling and most influential men's magazine in the world, spawning a number of successful global businesses. To this day, the magazine is published in more than 20 countries around the world and products featuring the company's trademarks drive more than $1 billion in sales annually. “My father lived an exceptional and impactful life as a media and cultural pioneer and a leading voice behind some of the most significant social and cultural movements of our time in advocating free speech, civil rights and sexual freedom. He defined a lifestyle and ethos that lie at the heart of the Playboy brand, one of the most recognizable and enduring in history. He will be greatly missed by many, including his wife Crystal, my sister Christie and my brothers David and Marston, and all of us at Playboy Enterprises,” said Cooper Hefner, Chief Creative Officer of Playboy Enterprises. After serving in the Army, attending college and working for number of years in the magazine publishing industry, Mr. Hefner became convinced that there was a market for an upscale men's magazine. By putting up his furniture as collateral for a loan and borrowing the rest from family and friends, Mr. Hefner published the very first issue of Playboy in December of 1953. The magazine was an instant sensation. From the very start, Playboy was about more than just the beautiful women featured in its pages. Mr. Hefner took a progressive approach not only to sexuality and humor, but also to literature, politics and culture. Within its pages, Playboy published fiction by such writers as Ray Bradbury, Charles Beaumont, John Updike, Ian Fleming, Joseph Heller, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Margaret Atwood, Jack Kerouac and Kurt Vonnegut. The now standard-setting “Playboy Interview” debuted in 1962 when frequent contributor Alex Haley interviewed jazz legend Miles Davis. Mr. Haley's Playboy interviews, which are still important reads for cultural historians, also included Malcolm X (1963), Martin Luther King (1965), and perhaps most famously, George Lincoln Rockwell (1966), the founder of the American Nazi Party. As the host of a television series, “Playboy's Penthouse,” Mr. Hefner paved the way as the first televised program to feature mixed groups of African American and white performers and audience members together. He also fought against the racist Jim Crow laws in the South by integrating Playboy Clubs in Miami and New Orleans. When the U.S. Post Office refused to deliver Playboy to subscribers through the mail, he fought all the way to the Supreme Court, winning a landmark decision which was widely considered a victory for free speech. He fought the country's archaic “sodomy laws,” firmly believing that the government had no place in American bedrooms. His work in this area has been recognized as influential by historians of the gay rights movement. In 1980, Mr. Hefner championed the reconstruction of the Hollywood sign and was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his efforts. In the shadow of the sign that he helped to preserve, Mr. Hefner stages the annual Playboy Jazz Festival at the Hollywood Bowl, an event which is in its 39th year. This year, a 10-episode docudrama series on Mr. Hefner's life, entitled American Playboy, appeared on Amazon. Mr. Hefner is a recipient of numerous accolades and awards for his contributions to society and the publishing industry, including: Received the 1996 International Publishing Award from the International Press Directory in London and was inducted into the Hall of Fame of the American Society of Magazine Editors at its 1998 ceremonies in New York. In September 2001, inducted into the New York Friars Club as an honorary Friar on the occasion of his gala Roast in New York City, an evening of uninhibited comedy subsequently aired nationwide on the Comedy Central network. In January of 2002, received the Henry Johnson Fisher Award, the highest honor of the Magazine Publishers of America. In March 2002, inducted as an honorary member of the Harvard Lampoon, which named him “Harvard Lampoon's Best Life-Form In The History Of The Universe. In 2008, honored by Spike TV with their Guy's Choice “Alpha Male” lifetime achievement award. In 2010, received both the Award of Honor and the First Amendment Award from the prestigious PEN Center USA organization. In 2011, honored by with their “Mr. Wonderful” award for a lifetime of philanthropy and that same year he received the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Los Angeles Press Club. In 2012, received the “Treasures of Los Angeles Award” from Central City Association of Los Angeles and was also honored with “The Distinguished Service Award” by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. A two-time Guinness Book of World Records holder for being the longest running editor of a magazine and for having the largest scrapbook collection, which currently consists of more than 2900 volumes.
Today, through its websites, its storied U.S. magazine and 20+ licensed international editions, Playboy reaches more people than ever before in its 64-year history. Hugh M Hefner is survived by his wife Crystal, four grown children, Christie, who served as CEO of Playboy Enterprise for more than 20 years, David, Marston and Cooper, who currently serves as Chief Creative Officer at the company.
A few days ago, I received this email via the Skeptics' Guide to the Universe contact form:
From: Cecil Fuson Email: [email protected] Location: Raleigh, NC Category: Question for the Show Subject: quote request Message: Good day, my name is Cecil Fuson. Together with Brandi Olson and a member of the Atheist newsgroup (A news) we run a small Facebook group that is called Skeptics and Atheists against Rebecca Watson. We currently have 87 members and are growing everyday. It should be noted that a fair number of our fans are also fans of the SGU as well as on the personal friend list of some of the members of the SGU
We were wondering if you could give us a quote and answer a question for us. Why is Rebecca Watson still on the SGU?
It is clear that by her own blog post that she no longer supports the JREF, the CFI or Richard Dawkins. It is clear by the large number of posts, groups and petitions that the Skeptic and Atheist community no longer support Watson. It is clear that Watson uses the fame from programs like the SGU to spread her own agenda and misinformation. While we fully agree that Rebecca Watson has every right to speak her mind, we feel that her actions , no matter how well meaning they may be, are doing more damage than good.
the SGU seems to support the same groups that Watson boycotts and the same groups that want nothing to do with Watson.
So with the public opinion being what it is, why dose Rebecca Watson still have a spot on the SGU? Thank you for your time. And we hope to get a reply soon.
These “fire Rebecca” emails come in from time to time and generally I just ignore them, but that Facebook group sounded like a good time. So I took a look, saw the poorly written diatribes complaining that I was a “cancer” that “must be stopped,” and promptly Tweeted the link out so that others could laugh, too.
People are often chiding me for making fun of my “haters” as semi-literate degenerates who harass me because they hate women and want to be free to insult, molest, and rape them as they please. I'm told that I'm wrong, and that these people are actually unbiased and egalitarian critics with valid complaints that I need to address seriously. With that in mind, let's get to know Cecil Fuson, a critic who has risen to prominence via his highly successful anti-me Facebook page, possibly inspired by the “Fire Rebecca from the SGU” petition he signed a few months ago.
A few days after I Tweeted the link to the Facebook page, I received an email from someone who explained that they had discovered that Cecil Fuson is a registered sex offender who was convicted and went to prison for “indecent liberties with a child.”
+
[EDIT: I'm going to expand on this a bit. In North Carolina, “ indecent liberties with a child ” means that the criminal is older than 16 and at least 5 years older than his victim, who must be younger than 16. The “indecent liberties” part refers to an act of sexual gratification involving the victim. Fuson was 23 when he was convicted, and his victim was 15 at the oldest.]
+
I spent the past day checking to make sure that this was, in fact, the same Cecil Fuson, and the facts line up. Cecil's email address links to the Facebook page of Vicious Vestments, an LLC registered in North Carolina using the same address that is registered for the sex offender. Cecil's dad is also named Cecil Fuson, but it appears he moved to Florida. Besides, Cecil's Google+ profile that showed up when he emailed me has an avatar that looks much more like a 33-year old man than a 57-year old man, and I'm going to assume that the younger man is more likely to dress up as Boba Fett and start a company selling steampunk costumes, so I think we can say with a high degree of confidence that we're dealing with the junior.
I emailed Cecil and told him I'd give him an interview as requested on the Facebook page if he verified his identity, but oddly enough he refused to do so, writing:
It is my understanding that the SGU allows questions from the people who tune in. On the page I provide all the data that the SGU requests for a question to be asked. Your request for information should be directed to the person who requested the interview. Brandi Olsen. Her contact email is [email protected] You are contacting from the skepchick email address. as such I feel that you are contacting me as a member of skepchick and not as a member of the SGU. I do not wish to receive any more emails from skepchick.org. Skepchick dose not have permission to use my name, my email or the content of any emails between skepchick.org and myself.
I responded:
Do I have your permission to post about how you're a sex offender?
As of this posting, I have not received a response.
Featured image is a mugshot of Cecil Fuson courtesy of bustedoffenders.com.
[EDIT 2: I've been informed that some people aren't getting The Point of me posting all this. Here is The Point: many of the people who stalk and harass outspoken feminists have a vested interest in seeing those feminists shut up, particularly when it comes to topics like consent and respect. Here is one very obvious example. There are many, many more . Does the fact that they're clearly biased mean their arguments are invalid? No. But as soon as people like Cecil Fuson present a valid argument instead of photoshopping images and calling me names, I'll deal with it. In the meanwhile, remember whose interests you're benefitting when you “like” that anti-feminist Facebook page.]
Texans could soon be allowed to openly carry handguns, a change gun-rights activists have been seeking for years.
On Friday the Texas House of Representatives voted 96-35 to allow Texans with concealed-handgun licenses to openly carry their guns in public in holsters, The Wall Street Journal reported Friday.
A similar open-carry measure passed the Texas Senate last month. Both open-carry measures must be squared and sent to Republican Gov. Greg Abbott, who has indicated support for the idea, The Journal reported.
Texas is currently one of six states, including California, New York and Florida, that bars citizens from openly carrying handguns. But Texans can carry long guns in public, which has prompted gun-rights activists to carry assault rifles into restaurants and stores to highlight what they consider a senseless legal distinction.
Gun-rights groups are also pushing for legislation to allow some students and university employees to carry concealed handguns on college campuses. The state Senate passed a campus-carry measure last month and the House is expected to pass a similar measure. Mr. Abbott also supports the campus-carry idea.
That law would make Texas one of only eight states with campus-carry laws permitting guns on college campuses.
PHOTOS: Hand cannons: The world's most powerful handguns
“We are seeing historic progress in Texas,” Terry Holcomb Sr., executive director of Texas Carry, a gun-rights group told The Wall Street Journal. He noted that open-carry legislation had never even made it out of a Texas legislative committee before this year.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
In a raid seeking information related to Israel's Iron Dome missile defense system, Chinese hackers infiltrated the databases of three Jewish defense contractors.
In addition to taking information on the Iron Dome, the attackers were also able to nab plans regarding other projects – including Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, ballistic rockets, and “detailed schematics and specifications” for the Arrow III missile interceptor.
According to independent journalist Brian Krebs, the intrusion occurred between 2011 and 2012 and was carried out by China's infamous “Comment Crew” – a group of cyber warriors linked to the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA).
In May, the United States charged five members of this group with cyber espionage against American computer networks. The hackers reportedly infiltrated US systems in order to “steal information that would provide an economic advantage” for Chinese companies, including “Chinese state-owned enterprises.”
Although it's unclear exactly how much data the hackers were able to obtain, Maryland-based intelligence firm Cyber Engineering Services (Cyber ESI) identified more than 700 documents that were stolen. The real number is believed to be much higher.
Speaking to Business Insider, University of California researcher Jon Lindsay said the intrusion could signal that the Chinese are interested in learning more about missile defense – which is considered notoriously difficult to become proficient in – but it could also be an extension of Beijing's typical cyber espionage practices.
"The Chinese style of espionage is more like a vacuum cleaner than a closely-directed telescope," Lindsay said. "They go after a lot of different kinds of targets — the leaders in any particular industry."
As the news outlet speculated, Chinese interest in the Iron Dome could have been triggered by the missile shield's success during Israel's battle with Hamas in 2012. Krebs noted that Israel claims the Iron Dome has intercepted one-fifth of the 2,000-plus rockets fired their way in the most recent outbreak of violence.
Regarding the hack, one of the Israeli defense firms involved declined to say whether any of its partners in the US were alerted to the security breach, which is notable considering that Congress has delivered hundreds of millions of dollars to Tel Aviv in Iron Dome funding.
“At the time, the issue was treated as required by the applicable rules and procedures,” Eliana Fishler, a spokesperson for the defense firm Israel Aerospace Industries, said to Krebs. “The information was reported to the appropriate authorities. IAI undertook corrective actions in order to prevent such incidents in the future.”
Meanwhile, CyberESI CEO Joseph Drissel explained that much of the stolen information was restricted by the US State Department.
“Most of the technology in the Arrow 3 wasn't designed by Israel, but by Boeing and other U.S. defense contractors,” he told Krebs. “We transferred this technology to them, and they coughed it all up. In the process, they essentially gave up a bunch of stuff that's probably being used in our systems as well.”
Of course, the US has accused Beijing of this type of espionage before, even outside of the five Chinese officials charged in May. As RT reported in June, American cybersecurity company CrowdStrike said that one unit within the PLA has been linked to seven years of hacking against the US aerospace industry. This information was shared with US intelligence agencies as well as the Justice Department.
For its part, China has consistently denied allegations of hacking, often claiming that it is subject to numerous cyberattacks from the United States.
(UPDATE to all of this at the bottom)
So on Tuesday I rage spiraled into space for a while when I was told that Todd Goldman was ripping off my designs AGAIN.
I know my designs are simple and play on ideas we all understand but the fact is Goldman offered me a job in 2006. He said he loved my Threadless shirts, that he bought a Lil Soap shirt and wanted me to work for him. I told him I would think about it and we never spoke again. A few months later I get links from people to David and Goliath tees, the company he owns and he is selling rip offs of my designs.
So Threadless got their lawyers involved and sent him a cease and desist and eventually, (probably because he was also being sued by ANOTHER artist at the time: http://tinyurl.com/5ubyu7o ) he took them down. Now he is selling them again, as you can see in the above image.
Then as always, whenever I talk about my shirts being ripped off I get emails telling me about more rip offs. This time an Etsy user, Tyneshia Buie who straight up TRACED the design.
I've had my shirts ripped off A LOT, Forever 21, Hot Topic, Wet Seal, and every time it gives me insane stomach ulcers and I have to track down the thieving “designers” and send Cease and Desist messages and contact Threadless and lawyers. It's called protecting your copyright and it's AWFUL HARD.
At any rate, this Etsy seller was selling the most blatant straight up TRACE of my art work I have ever seen. I got some help from some nice twitter people and the design was removed from the site, but not the seller. As you can see in the image above she isn't oblivious or ashamed, she knew what she was doing.
The point is that art theivery is fucking bullshit. No one should buy from this girl again, or Todd Goldman/David and Goliath but they do! I'm sure that Etsy user will continue to steal and D+G has merchandise in every major crap store in the world. Help me spread the word that these people are VILLAINS and not in a cool way.
You can see the LONG LEGACY of art theivery by Todd Goldman here:
http://travelswithjesus.com/todd_goldman/
Threadless rip offs David and Goliath have sold:
http://jessfink.com/junk/goldmanripps.jpg
Hot Topic rip off and Goldman's rip off painting of my Lil' Soap shirt:
http://youthoughtwewouldntnotice.com/blog3/?p=861
The completely unashamed Etsy thief Tyneshia Buie's store:
http://www.etsy.com/people/glitterbiscuits
My original designs on Threadless:
http://www.threadless.com/profile/145276/finkenstein
As for me, I am sending Cease and Desist messages and contacting lawyers and bathing in a see of stomach acid as I rage spiral into space.
#UPDATE!– Tyneshia Buie's store now appears to be completely empty and the antagonistic comments and banners have been removed! Thank you to everyone for flagging for antagonism and theft, and thank you to Helen Killer on Regretsy for posting about it. Thank you very much to everyone who has been supportive, kind and civil about this matter.
Adam Adamowicz, one of the driving talents behind the art of Fallout 3 and Skyrim, has passed away.
Adamowicz, known best to gamers for his work with Bethesda as a concept artist on Fallout 3 and Skyrim, passed away on the 8th of February. While the announcement of his passing was a quiet one, his work won't be forgotten.
Awesome-Robo posted a beautiful and touching farewell to Adamowicz, showcasing not only his work, but also his dedication and passion for the projects he undertook.
“Hearing him talk about how he approached visual design changed my mindset about how I approached concept art, it had a real effect on me,” the post reads. “Seriously, just sit back and imagine how much work it took one man to design a world as vast as Fallout 3 over the course of its development. For most artists in this industry that would seem like an impossible feat! Adam had something special going on, and was committed to the vision that everyone around him had at Bethesda.”
As an almost obsessive fan of Fallout 3, I'd like to take a moment to thank Adam for his work. The art of Fallout 3 was what made me fall in love with the entire brand all over again – it was something special. I recommend you read Awesome-Robo's farewell post, as it's indeed a fitting tribute.
Adamowicz will be sorely missed.
[Awesome-Robo]
TV by the Numbers reported the Friday night cable ratings yesterday, showing that WWE Smackdown on SyFy was the most watched show on cable with 2.6 million viewers. As we reported previously, The Ultimate Fighter on FX only drew 775,000 viewers, the lowest number in the series' history.
The WWE, being the classy organization that they are, couldn't resist the temptation to gloat a little bit on their Monday night broadcast of WWE raw, posting the following infographic:
Here's the text:
Did you know? Last Friday, more than 3 times as many people watched Smackdown than (sic) the Ultimate Fighter.
Dana White has been insisting that "The Ultimate Fighter on Fridays is a home run for FX" but it's hard to see where coming in last in overall viewers and 3rd in the key 18-34 male demo is a home run by any stretch of the imagination.
Eric Hosmer has certainly burst onto the national spotlight with his famous run home in last year's World Series, his appearance on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, and his recent All-Star Game MVP performance this week. His fantastic first-half has fueled discussion on whether he will stay in Kansas City past next year, when his contract expires.
Reporter Jon Heyman, known for his close relationship with Hosmer's agent, Scott Boras reports that the Royals are not optimistic they can get a deal done with Hosmer. Heyman details some of the negotiation parameters in his latest column for Today's Knuckleball.
Hosmer's camp isn't tipping their hand, but Royals brass, which stepped up with a $70-milllion deal for free agent pitcher Ian Kennedy and $72 million for another core star Alex Gordon, seems to have an idea Hosmer could be seeking $20-million plus per year on a 10-year deal.
That seems like a rather large deal for a player who has never hit 20 home runs, never led the league in any offensive category, and made his first All-Star team this year. Here is a list of players that have received $200 million contracts: Giancarlo Stanton, Alex Rodriguez, Miguel Cabrera, Robinson Cano, Albert Pujols, Joey Votto, David Price, Clayton Kershaw, Prince Fielder, Max Scherzer, and Zack Greinke.
Hosmer does have age on his side, as he will be just 28 years old when he hits free agency, very young for a free agent. It is not unreasonable he could land a seven or eight-year contract worth close to $20 million per year. Bora seems to be banking on Hosmer's youth when he says:
"The premium associated with 27-year-olds are very different than metrics associated with 32-year-olds, especially when it's a widely known Gold Glove franchise-type player who also has the ability to perform at extremely high levels in big situations and on big stages. You'd have everything you'd want in a free agent Eric Hosmer."
Heyman cites Brandon Belt, who recently signed a five-year, $75 million deal as a comp, but notes that Hosmer brings defense and his "dynamic clubhouse role" as reasons Hosmer could get much more.
The article also notes that the Royals have had "preliminary talks" with Lorenzo Cain on a contract extension, but have only "tip-toed" around numbers. He notes the Royals have enjoyed greater revenues and are now in the middle of the pack in Major League Baseball financially. Heyman also cites some opposing executives who think the Royals could begin trading players this winter to begin a rebuild if they see the window closing.
Shielding their eyes from the sun, students passing through the University of Houston campus stop to look up at the four-story social work building. Through the tree branches, hues of tangerine orange and baby blue seem to pop off what was once a brown brick wall. The 60 X 40 square ft. mural is the work of eL Seed, a French-Tunisian artist known for his calligraffiti, a fusion of graffiti and Arabic calligraphy. He chose a quote by Sam Houston and translated it into Arabic text. “I always do some research before I go to a place,” eL Seed says. “This is important to me to make work that is relevant to the place and to the community.”
eL Seed's calligraffiti has drawn attention around the world, specifically for his enormous paintings on the sides of buildings. Reactions were mixed when he used a mosque as one of his canvases. But his works convey messages of peace and humanity, which caught the eye of the staff at UH's Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts. He was a natural fit for their “Intersections” initiative, an effort to build bridges between Houston's Muslim and non-Muslim communities.
“We're really thrilled that eL Seed chose to come to Houston because he's highly in demand everywhere,” says Karen Farber, the center's Executive Director. “He just did a gigantic project in Cairo, Egypt, on 50 buildings.”
The large-scale work is a component of this year's Counter Current Festival, a week-long event of experimental art in pop-up locations across the city. It's set to stay on display for two years, but there's no word yet if anything will replace it.
After being passed up in the 2014 NFL Draft and the subsequent free agent signing period, former Ohio State running back Jordan Hall, a Jeanette, Pa., native, has signed a deal to join fellow Buckeye and 2014 first-round pick Ryan Shazier with the Pittsburgh Steelers, according to the team's website.
The 5-foot-9-inch, 190-pound back, a high school teammate of former Buckeye quarterback Terrelle Pryor, spent five seasons at OSU, beginning in 2009.
Hall rushed for just 409 yards in his first two seasons in Columbus, but nearly equaled that total in his junior campaign alone, when he rushed for 408 yards on 100 carries in 2011.
Prior to his senior season – a season in which many predicted he would be a big factor for the Buckeyes in Urban Meyer's offense – Hall suffered a foot injury that kept him out of the first couple of contests. Upon his return, he played in just 3 games before suffering a knee injury that ended his season.
Hall was granted a medical redshirt for his multiple injuries in 2012, which allowed him to return to the Buckeyes for one last go-around in 2013.
Hall made the most of his final season as he played in 13 games, rushed for a career-high 536 yards on 81 carries and scored eight of his 14 career rushing touchdowns for the Buckeyes.
Also a kick returner for much of his five-year stint in Columbus, Hall finished his career ranked 12th all-time at OSU in all-purpose yards with 3,486 and third in all-time kickoff return yards with 1,308.
The Steelers' roster already boasts five running backs, including former Michigan State running back Le'Veon Bell, former Oregon back LeGarrette Blount and former Kent State running back and 2014 third-round pick, Dri Archer.
According to the Steelers' website, former Buckeyes Mike Adams, Will Allen, Bryant Browning and Cameron Heyward are with the team, as well as Shazier.
It remains to be seen when Hall will actually put on a Steelers helmet, as the team is set to finish its organized team activities tomorrow until the start of training camp in July.
Conor Oberst stopped by the studios of KEXP 90.3 in Seattle late last month while touring the United States with songs from his 2014 Nonesuch Records debut album, Upside Down Mountain. He was joined by Jonathan Wilson, who co-produced the album, and his band to perform four songs off the new album—"Hundreds of Ways," "Zigzagging Toward The Light," "Double Life," and "Common Knowledge"—plus the Bright Eyes tune "We Are Nowhere And It's Now" off the 2005 album I'm Wide Awake It's Morning, and talk with host Cheryl Waters. "We love everything he does," says the station. You can watch the complete session here:
Though the US summer tour may have come to a close, Oberst recently announced that he would perform at two holiday-season benefit shows: Holiday Cheer for FUV at the Beacon Theatre in New York City on December 8 and the KCSN Benefit at the Valley Performing Arts Center in Northridge, California, on December 12. He will also perform at the Todos Santos Music Festival in Mexico in January. For details, visit nonesuch.com/on-tour.
To pick up a copy of Upside Down Mountain, head to iTunes or the Nonesuch Store, where vinyl and CD orders include a free MP3 download of the complete album at checkout.
A guest on MSNBC's “AM Joy” Saturday said that “far-right” Christians want to put women “back into the kitchen.”
WATCH:
Sirius XM's “Director of Progressive Programming” Zerlina Maxwell said, “If we were talking about this in another context, conservatives have decried and feared Sharia law, the coming epidemic of Sharia law, but this is religious tyranny, but of a different kind.”
“A small minority of Christians on the far-right who have a very ideological goal in mind, to essentially put women back into the home, back into the kitchen, and back into what they deem as their proper place in society, which is not the freedom to be able to determine when and how they want to have children. So let's be clear on that. If this was Muslims demanding that women do particular things based on their religion, Donald Trump would not be agreeing with that. He would not be in the rose garden saying that those people were victims of discrimination,” Maxwell added.
Follow Justin on Twitter
A majority of miners have started showing their preference for SegWit2x, a version of Segregated Witness that's deviating from what Core developers envision to be the solution to bitcoin's scaling issue. But what is it and what's leading bitcoin to it?
Recent events have led to increased demand for a solution to bitcoin's scaling issue. With bitcoin blocks getting filled with transactions as bitcoin's use is trending near all-time high levels,transaction fees are on the rise. The combination of this, along with the rising price, makes bitcoin transactions more expensive than ever at a time that bitcoin's use as currency is becoming less convenient.
While several proposals have already been made to address the scaling of bitcoin, the miners were seemingly leaning towards Bitcoin Unlimited. That was until BIP148 developers announced the plan for a soft fork on August 1st, with the intent to bring forth SegWit.
However, Chinese miners didn't stand by this decision as most had previously stated they weren't satisfied with 1MB blocks. In a recent blog post, Bitmain (the largest mining equipment manufacturer) detailed how their vision for a decentralized and widely accepted bitcoin doesn't see it continuing to have 1MB blocks and high fees.
The tone of this blog post earned Bitmain harsh criticism from some members of the bitcoin community, but what really matters is that the incorporation of Segregated Witness is something coming closer and closer to reality.
Parties collectively accounting for more than 80% of the hashrate for bitcoin mining attended and agreed upon the above points. What's notable though, is that this agreement goes directly against the proposal of Core developers. It's slowly becoming apparent that the majority of miners in terms of hash power aren't satisfied with the vision Core developers have for bitcoin and both sides are prepared for a chain split.
Announced in the aforementioned blog post was the release of a new software project catering to the Segwit2MB proposal agreed upon in what's dubbed at the New York Agreement.
The SegWit2MB proposal states:
Activate Segregated Witness at an 80% threshold, signaling at bit 4
Activate a 2MB hard fork within six months
In short, SegWit2x seems to be building on the already popular proposal of SegWit, but with the difference that a hard fork will be needed to implement bigger blocks. This proposal intends to bring on SegWit as soon as miner support surpasses a certain limit, and only lock in a hard fork at a fixed date to implement a bigger block size cap if the overwhelming support of miners is received.
The proposal states that the SegWit2x hard fork is only set to lock in if the event that the majority of miners approve it, but we might see a soft fork activation of SegWit sooner than expected. Thankfully, most bitcoin nodes are upgraded to versions post 0.12 and are hence ready for SegWit.
While more than 80% of the hash-rate is a good indicator of what proposal miners are leaning towards, it's ultimately the demand from the economy that makes the final decision. Provided that a split is likely to happen on August 1st, no miner would continue mining a coin with no value. So if traders and the overall economy is observed to be picking a side, miners would likely follow suit.
A word on bitcoin wallets
Many bitcoin community members have been urging users to move their coins to wallets that allow them to access their private keys. Because in the event of a chain split, it's the owner of the private key that decides upon what happens to coins stored in the bitcoin addresses. Exchanges and services that hold user funds could theoretically only provide users with access to coins on the chain they support in the event of a split, which makes the users subject to their decisions.
Tracy Morgan, Amy Poehler, Jon Hamm, Jane Krakowski and Uzo Aduba are also lending their star power to the March 31 night event.
Tom Hanks, Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin, Amy Poehler and a slew of celebrities will be lending their star power to a modern-day telethon benefiting the American Civil Liberties Union.
Streaming via Facebook Live on Friday, March 31, at 7 p.m. ET, Stand for Rights: A Benefit for the ACLU is gathering celebrities in what is being billed as a "historic event marking the first time in history people have something productive to do on Facebook on a Friday night." The streaming telethon will feature appearances by Tracy Morgan, Jon Hamm, Padma Lakshmi, Tituss Burgess, Jane Krakowski, Uzo Aduba, Josh Charles, Zosia Mamet, Ike Barinholtz and more.
"In these tumultuous times, we need our favorite actors, musicians, and comedians to do what they do best. Speak earnestly about politics? No! Entertain you for a great cause? Yes!" read the statement from the event organizers on Tuesday. "Because when the Titanic sank, the band kept playing! Except in this case, the band will be raising money for something that can fix the boat. And Leonardo DiCaprio won't have to die."
"Our work in the courts is essential right now to hold off the worst of the abuses," said ACLU executive director Anthony D. Romero in a statement. "But it is also the collective will and tireless actions of 'we the people' that serve as a bulwark against unconstitutional and wrong-headed policies and executive orders. By supporting our work through this telethon, we can fight even harder to defend the rights guaranteed by our Constitution."
The event is being executive produced by Friend of a Friend Productions in collaboration with The Huffington Post, Funny or Die and Maggie Vision. It will broadcast live from New York City via the Facebook pages of Stand for Rights 2017, Funny or Die and The Huffington Post.
We had three comment fields for this one. Let's take a look.
Card you WANT to win
Quite a mix in here - including one of our only four remaining silver-bordered cards, Dr Garfield himself. Actually adding up the 576 responses that were recognisably for a single card, here are the top preferences:
1. Lightning Bolt (57)
2. Black Lotus (24)
3. Storm Crow (23)
4. Ancestral Recall (14)
5. Island (13)
6. Jace, the Mind Sculptor (12)
7= Counterspell (8)
7= Delver of Secrets (8)
7= Necropotence (8)
10= Knight of the Reliquary (7)
10= Life from the Loam (7)
10= Serra Angel (7)
Lightning Bolt has done well for a while but is taking a clear lead in preferences here, representing about 10% of all total responses.
And to the three other Hex fans out there: <3
Keep reading
Putting an End to Hating Hipsters
On 10 August 2012, we republished “KL's Soulless Hipsters“, an article by Lee Lian Kong originally published in the Selangor Times. The article generated a lot of responses, both in the comments section, and on Facebook and Twitter. The author also sent us a response, which was published on 13 August 2012.
The piece below by Kamarul Anwar was originally published in Issue Magazine.
1. I, Ahmad Kamarul Anwar bin Kamaruddin, hereby solemnly agree to cease calling and labeling you, artistically inclined upper-middle class young adult with far too much free time in hand to discover underground musical acts and quirky printed tees for purposes of cultural superiority, a “hipster”. I have now understood that the term is deemed pejorative and as meaningless as a pair of thick-rimmed glasses with no lenses.
2. As per the first clause, I conceded that you have superior taste in music, fashion, film, visual art and aesthetics and I will immediately agree to lose any arguments I have with you pertaining to the cultural, sociological, linguistic, film and psychoanalytical theories you have learned in your overseas tertiary institution, whereby your tuition fees, living expenses and the bottles you opened on your weekend clubbing sessions during the said time were borne by one or both of your parents.
3. Your purpose for embracing hipsterdom, as I have been led to believe — and will believe so now — is to rebel against the corporate empires, the Man, the Patriarchy. I hereby swear that I will turn a blind eye to your ownership of a Macbook Pro and an automobile, both manufactured by publicly-traded companies, which were purchased by one or both of your parents, who amassed their wealth serving as senior executives at a large corporation.
4. I now understand that your identity has been misunderstood, literally and/or ironically, by your immediate social relations (“everyone”). I am, however, prohibited to understand you because doing so will leave you with nothing to whinge about.
5. Hitherto I will also not question your decision to wear a scarf in Malaysia, a country located near the Equator (id est a fucking hot place). The sweat pooled in the area between the inner circumference of the wrapped scarf and your neck, allows me to verify that you are, indeed, a mammal. That is, if you're OK with being labeled as such.
6. Under the terms of this agreement, I am also under oath not to disseminate, let alone conceive, any malignant and/or slanderous opinions against the YouTube video made to show “a lively side of Kuala Lumpur from the view of talented KL-ites”, as per doing so, my embryonic career will be a stillborn, as per the case of one now-former columnist for a publication who dared to author the article titled “KL's Soulless Hip-“.
7. The said YouTube video is, as I have now agreed, the accurate and unbiased image of Kuala Lumpur.
8. I have now also understood that the said YouTube video is merely an artistically-rich video — with divine cinematography and editing clairvoyance — with consumerist purposes: it is a long-ass advertisement to promote the premises of your associates and cohorts and has nothing to do whatsoever with the bigger picture of Kuala Lumpur City. Thus, I hereby admit that titling said YouTube video as it is titled, IS BRILLIANT, because it leads viewers into thinking that the said video shows the side of Kuala Lumpur that most people know, to maximise views.
9. To successfully achieve Clause Number 8's target, I will purchase at the minimum, TWO (2) items from every premise shown in the said YouTube video, and patronise the premises a minimum of THREE (3) times and I will complete this chore within ONE (1) year from the date this contract is signed.
10. However, I am strictly prohibited to promote any of the premises shown in the said YouTube video to any of my friends, let alone mention their names, as doing so will dilute the ‘coolness' of said premises and relegate them to “mainstream” status. And God forbid these premises be let known to my relatives in the kampung. Lagi la tak cool.
11. Additionally, I am free to declare that the tagline “Conversation as a reason, coffee as an excuse” as the most brilliant conception/formulation since The Beatles (id est the best band in the world signed by a major recording label) and that I wish I had thought of that.
12. Should I see a group of fixie cyclers when I am driving in a tunnel, I will, under all circumstances, slow down to gawk at said group and make an expression of envy to convey the thought of, “Fuck, why didn't I think of cycling a fixie like them, just to look cool at the expense of reaching my destination ten times later than I could by driving this fucking car and sweating my balls off?”
I have agreed to adhere to the terms and conditions stated on this contract, valid until the day that you have outgrown hipsterdom for another fad in the indeterminate future. I have also agreed to uphold your self-esteem as it is the most important thing in the world. Yes, I will hold your balls.
Signed,
Ahmad Kamarul Anwar bin Kamaruddin
3rd September 2012
I'm pleased to publish this guest post by Sharon Hodde Miller.
This year has changed me. I say this in all earnestness and with no dramatic intent, but this year really has changed me. I am not the same person I was, and my calling has shifted too.
It's difficult to pinpoint when the change occurred. Perhaps it was a series of events. It began when conservative evangelicals began to endorse a presidential candidate whose rhetoric, lifestyle, and priorities resembled nothing of Christ, but much of the fool as described in Proverbs.
I watched Christians use dubious biblical interpretations and downright bad theology in an “ends justify the means” kind of ethic. I watched those same Christians bend over backwards to prove that this man, who possessed no discernible fruit of the Spirit, was a Christian. I watched Christians remain silent as the man they put in office continued to lie, name call, belittle, and slander. And I watched conservative Christians take up the mantra “Do not judge” in lock-step with the liberals they used to deride, as if Jesus' words were intended to silence sound judgment. This wasn't just hypocrisy. This was a forsaking of basic Christian doctrine and our primary citizenship in the Kingdom of God. And it changed me.
I struggled to articulate the impact of this experience, until I ran across an essay by author Jonathan Martin in which he describes our present historical moment as an “apocalypse.” Apocalypse is a word we sometimes confuse with “armageddon” but it refers to an “unveiling,” and for me, that was the word I was looking for. This year, I was able to see with a clarity I hadn't before.
Martin further explains, “These are the days when the hearts of men and women in America are being revealed,” and as this apocalypse unfolded in evangelicalism, this is what I saw: the faux-faithfulness of pragmatism, in place of cruciform obedience; moral relativism in place of biblical truth; personal security pitted against Christ-like compassion; and the true spiritual character of our leaders. Once I saw this, I became “disillusioned” in the very best sense of the word. God had pulled back the curtain of my illusions to show me our true spiritual state.
Each of these failures deserves serious attention, but there is one more failure I want to focus on here: evangelicalism's prophetic bankruptcy. At a time when our country has utterly lost its moral center, this could have been our moment. Rather than negotiate with evil, we could have rejected worldly notions of “good” in a show of prophetic imagination. Instead, we accepted the terms the world set for us. We chose short-term gains over long-term credibility, and traded our birthright for porridge.
A sweeping number of evangelicals contributed to this prophetic forfeiture, but there have been some notable exceptions. Russell Moore, for example, has leveraged his influence in the Southern Baptist Convention to challenge idols of nationalism and vestiges of racism in his tradition. Moore is committed to the SBC, but he is also clear-eyed about its shortcomings.
Brueggemann's Creative Word
In addition to Moore, Old Testament scholar Walter Brueggemann is an essential perspective for correcting our prophetic deficit. Brueggemann's book The Prophetic Imagination is probably his best-known work, but he also wrote a lesser-known book which is just as important, called The Creative Word: Canon as a Model for Biblical Education. In this book, Brueggemann makes the case that the Biblical canon is a “clue to education,” and he pays particular attention to the three sections of Old Testament literature— Torah, prophets, and wisdom—as pedagogical models.
Brueggemann begins with the authoritative character of the Torah, which is symbolic of our doctrinal foundations, those fixed truths which shape who we are as a people. Torah represents a category of teaching that is, in Brueggemann's words, “not debatable.”
Torah is an essential pedagogical paradigm, but Brueggemann also warns, “If a community educates only in the Torah, it may also do a disservice to its members. It may nourish them to fixity, to stability that becomes rigidity” (40). This caveat naturally leads to the second major section of the Old Testament, which is the prophets. Whereas the Torah constitutes unchanging truth, the prophets challenge errant interpretations of Torah. He describes their relationship as “delicate,” since “there are aspects of continuity and discontinuity; both appeal to the consensus and a shattering of consensus” (51).
To be clear, Brueggemann does not believe the prophets undermine the Torah. God's truth, as embodied in the Torah, is never to be contested, so there is an important continuity between them. However, our interpretations and applications of God's truth certainly warrant critique, a service not only performed by the Old Testament prophets, but Jesus himself. Quite often, the prophets were divine pruning shears, clipping away the weeds of false teaching which had grown up around God's truth.
That is why, for Brueggemann, the prophets were not merely social activists. They were disrupters. The prophets did not claim new revelation, but they did set about the task of nurturing the “poetic imagination” by questioning the truthfulness of the popular imagination, and challenging the status quo.
This, for Brueggemann, continues to be the task of Christian leaders today. If we want to teach in a manner that is actually “biblical,” then the shape of the canon is a blueprint. We must pass down the fixed truths of “Torah,” while also disrupting the false interpretations and moral blind spots which have grown up around them. It's a hard tension to navigate, but it is how we remain faithful to God and His Word.
Ever since I first read The Creative Word several years ago, I have thought about this tension a lot. It has helped me understand my calling as a writer and teacher, as well as the broader witness of the church. One of the convictions I have come to, is that “prophetic disruption” is not simply a matter of speaking hard or unpopular truths. I think what makes a message truly prophetic is its audience. When a conservative pastor preaches about modest dress to his pious congregation, this is not prophecy. And when a progressive evangelical tweets about care for the poor and oppressed to his sympathetic followers, this is not necessarily prophecy either.
Prophecy is disruptive.
More often, prophecy disrupts the particular audience God has given you, the audience that trusts you, follows you, and considers you an authoritative voice. (This is exactly what Moore did, for example.) If you are attempting to disrupt some other audience “out there,” then you are more likely shouting to the wind, or toppling straw men. But if you are stepping on the toes of your closest followers, then you are probably more in line with the prophetic tradition.
In my own context, my audience is mostly female, and in the world of evangelical women's ministry, the status quo is “positive and encouraging.” Messages for women are big on self-help, “being enough”, and speaking affirmation. This is an all but unspoken standard, and for years I followed it. I didn't want to lose followers by talking about controversial subjects. Instead I opted for a manicured Instagram profile and inspiring quotes on my Facebook page. People like positive, so that was what I wrote.
But this year I realized the prophetic impotence of self-help messages. Encouragement does have its place, but as I considered the state of women's ministry and the disciples we were making, I realized something: knowing you are “beautiful” will not embolden you to acts of true courage. At its heart, these messages are fundamentally about us, which means they are powerless to resist a narcissistic culture.
This has been a sobering realization for me. It forced me to ask whether I was contributing to the formation of women who would actually take up Jesus' cross and follow him. Or, was I nurturing a generation of women who felt great about themselves, but were totally unequipped to lay down their lives out of love for God and neighbor. Those are the questions that have been keeping me up at night.
This is the challenge facing evangelical women. The pressure to be nice competes with the calling to be prophetic. But women are not the only ones facing this struggle. For every article about making money with your blog, or having a better marriage, we need leaders who are leveraging their authority with their particular audience to call people to rugged faithfulness. We need teachers who are targeting the idols of people-pleasing and politics and worldly success, and helping us to be the actual people of God. And we need pastors engaged in the kind of spiritual formation that resists cultural influence, and prepares believers for loving self-sacrifice.
Last year Brueggemann summarized our prophetic failing this way: “I believe the crisis in the U.S. church has almost nothing to do with being liberal or conservative; it has everything to do with giving up on the faith and discipline of our Christian baptism and settling for a common, generic, U.S. identity that is part patriotism, part consumerism, part violence, and part affluence” (A Way Other Than Our Own, p. 3)
Both in women's ministry and “American Christianity,” we are witnessing the fruit of inadequate spiritual formation. When our spiritual formation winks at, or embraces, cultural idols, we will produce individuals who are totally unable to resist the culture. That is why we are in dire need of prophetic leaders with the courage and clarity to name our adulterous loves. It's hard work, and humble work (since ranting should not be confused with prophetic teaching), but we need it now as much as ever.
That's what this year taught me. And I hope I never forget it.
Sharon is an author, speaker, pastor's wife and mom. She holds a PhD from Trinity Evangelical Divinity School and has written for Christianity Today magazine, Her.meneutics, The Exchange, The Gospel Project, Propel, Gifted for Leadership, and more. She blogs at SheWorships.com, and her first book releases in the Fall of 2017.
Adil "ScreaM" Benrlitom has joined a new team called BST for the upcoming FACEIT League.
Adil "ScreaM" Benrlitom was left out of Titan's proposed new roster and of the new team led by Vincent "Happy" Schopenhauer, sparking rumours that the Belgian prodigy was weighing up the possibility of retiring from gaming.
He has now linked up with the outcasts from Epsilon and LDLC.com - Gordon "Sf" Giry, Robin "GMX" Stahmer, Joey "fxy0" Schlosser and Kevin "Uzzziii" Vernel - in a new team called BST for FACEIT League.
ScreaM in new team
While this team is not on the same level as Titan on paper, a change of scenery could very well help ScreaM to regain the level of form that once made him one of the most feared players in the game.
BST, who will take on Ninjas in Pyjamas in their FACEIT League opener, will take part in the tournament with the following lineup:
As previously reported, Titan and Mercenary will play in the FACEIT League with:
An Air Force Office of Special Investigations agent was found dead Monday in his home outside Misawa Air Base in northern Japan, the base public affairs office said.
Mashkhur Mukhamadiev, 25, appeared to have suffered a gunshot wound, and a gun was found at the home, though the exact cause of his death was still under investigation on Tuesday, according to the Air Force and the local Japanese police. The air base said there did not appear to be any criminal or suspicious activity at the home.
The gun is believed to be Mukhamadiev's service weapon, the Air Force said. As an OSI agent, he was among a limited number of federal agents permitted to carry a gun off base in Japan.
“Misawa Air Base is saddened by the death of Agent Mukhamadiev,” Col. Michael Rothstein, the 35th Fighter Wing commander, said in a released statement. “Our prayers are with him and everyone affected by this incident.”
Over the past several months, the LEGO Review Board has carefully reviewed 12 projects that reached 10,000 supporters between September 2016 and January 2017, our third review qualification period of 2016. Sanne, our Project Manager, shares the results from LEGOLAND in Billund:
Ship In A Bottle, The Flagship Leviathan.
A big congratulation to JakeSadovich77 on becoming the next official LEGO Ideas fan designer!
As an avid LEGO builder, Jacob Sadovich was inspired to create his LEGO Ship in a Bottle, The Flagship Leviathan, following a real-life ship in a bottle that he had built just a few years ago.
We're really excited to be able to introduce Jacob's Ship in a Bottle, The Flashship Leviathan set for its unique approach to what official LEGO sets can look like.
If you'd like to learn more about Jacob then make sure to check out his 10K Club Interview.
Voltron - Defender of the Universe
A big congratulation to len_d69 on becoming the next official LEGO Ideas fan designer!
Leandro's passion for Voltron started at a very young age when his parents bought him a Voltron toy. From that moment on Leandro was hooked. Building with LEGO bricks allowed Leandro to celebrate his passion for Voltron - Defender of the Universe even more.
We're really excited to be able to introduce Leandro's Voltron - Defender of the Universe set. Leandro's project sets itself apart for its creative way to build with LEGO bricks.
If you'd like to learn more about Leandro then make sure to check out his 10K Club Interview.
Design, pricing, and availability
We're still working out the final product design, pricing and availably for the Ship In A Bottle, The Flagship Leviathan and Voltron - Defender of the Universe. set, so check back on LEGO Ideas in 2018 for more details.
Next Review Results Fall 2017
The next batch of LEGO Ideas projects are already in review. We're considering these projects that reached 10,000 supporters between January 2017 and May 2017 as possible future LEGO sets. We'll share results of the First 2017 LEGO review period in the fall of 2017.
(Reuters) - Health insurer Aetna Inc AET.N on Friday said it would buy smaller rival Humana Inc (HUM.N) for about $37 billion in cash and stock, in the largest ever deal in the insurance industry.
A trader points up at a display on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange August 20, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The combination will push Aetna close to Anthem Inc's (ANTM.N) No.2 insurer spot by membership, and would nearly triple Aetna's Medicare Advantage business.
The deal will face antitrust scrutiny but if it goes through it would dwarf the previous largest insurance deal announced just this week, where Swiss property and casualty giant ACE Ltd ACE.N announced it was buying Chubb Corp (CB.N) for $28 billion. It would also dwarf Anthem Inc's purchase of WellPoint in 2004 for $16.6 billion.
Analysts have said that M&A activity in the healthcare sector had been waiting for last week's Supreme Court ruling on Obamacare, which upheld key subsidies that underpin the reform and thus gave more certainty to healthcare insurers.
The bigger the insurer, the more power it has negotiating prices and improving its doctor networks.
Anthem has offered to buy Cigna Corp (CI.N) to create the largest insurer in the country, toppling UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH.N).
Media reports have also said UnitedHealth could be eyeing Cigna and Aetna. On Thursday, Centene Corp (CNC.N) said it would buy smaller rival Health Net Inc HNT.N for $6.3 billion.
ANTITRUST ISSUES
Antitrust authorities, who were aggressive in their review of the failed deal between Comcast (CMCSA.O) and Time Warner Cable TWC.N, are expected to scrutinize how the combination of insurers will affect competition for each line of insurance: Medicare, Medicaid for the poor, individual insurance, commercial insurance for small and large businesses and the large employer business.
Aetna and Humana are in nine of the same states in Medicare Advantage. Combined, they would have market share of 88 percent in Kansas, 80 percent in West Virginia, 58 percent in Iowa and 51 percent in Missouri.
Wall Street analysts and some antitrust experts have said they expect the combination will be approved, although regulators may ask for some divestitures.
Others have said it is unclear that this group of regulators will stick to the usual review playbook for such a large deal and may add other restrictions.
The Justice Department, which reviews insurance mergers, will scrutinize deals city-by-city to see if the combination would have a monopoly in any metropolitan area, said Andre Barlow, a veteran of the department who is now at Washington law firm Doyle, Barlow and Mazard PLLC.
Aetna said the combined company is projected to have over 33 million medical members, based on memberships as of March 31. Operating revenue is expected to be about $115 billion this year, with approximately 56 percent from government-sponsored programs including Medicare and Medicaid.
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld subsidies for individuals under President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, keeping a large chunk of patients intact under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.
Insurers have said subsidies are key to bringing in new customers and the ruling has removed uncertainty for insurers looking for acquisitions. It could also spur more deal making in the health insurance sector, which has already seen a blitz of merger activity this year.
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, of Kentucky, praised Humana's presence in his home state but also noted the role of the healthcare law in the merger.
“This morning's announcement, as I predicted during the debate five years ago, is the inevitable result of Obamacare's push toward consolidation as doctors, hospitals, and insurers merge in response to an ever-growing government,” the Republican said in a statement.
The deal includes a $1 billion break-up fee payable by Aetna to Humana, should the deal fail because of antitrust concerns, an Aetna spokeswoman confirmed. The fee was first reported by the Wall Street Journal.
CASH AND SHARES
Hartford, Conn.-based Aetna said it would pay Humana shareholders $125 in cash and 0.8375 Aetna shares for each share held. The offer of about $230 per share is a 23 percent premium to Humana's closing price on Thursday.
Following the deal, Aetna shareholders would own about 74 percent of the combined company with Humana shareholders owning the rest. Aetna Chief Executive Mark Bertolini will serve as chairman and CEO of the combined company.
The deal is expected to close in the second half of 2016 and add to operating earnings per share from 2017.
Humana's sale has been anticipated since May when it was first reported that Cigna Corp (CI.N) and Aetna were interested, and multiple sources confirmed to Reuters that the company was entertaining offers.
Humana, based in Louisville, Kentucky, has been under pressure for more than a year from investors, which include activist fund Glenview Capital Management, to produce higher returns.
Last year Humana hired a CFO from investment bank Goldman Sachs and went through a strategic review that included asset sales. But it missed several quarters of earnings targets and struggled with profits in its individual business, disappointing Wall Street.
Aetna said it has received commitments from Citi and UBS Investment Bank to finance the deal.
Citi and Lazard are financial advisers for Aetna and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP is its legal adviser. Goldman Sachs is the financial adviser to Humana, while Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP is its legal adviser.
Candidate for U.S. Senate Rep. Paul Broun, R-Ga., speaks during a forum Monday, Jan. 27, 2014, in Atlanta. Six of the GOP hopefuls used the forum sponsored by the Georgia Municipal Association to insist that their differences matter, even if it's not obvious. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)
The poll, which was commissioned by a progressive group, Better Georgia, shows some separation between Broun and the rest of the Republican primary field vying to succeed Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.). Broun received 27 percent support, with Rep. Phil Gingrey at 14 percent, Rep. Jack Kingston at 13 percent, businessman David Perdue at 12 percent and former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel with 9 percent.
The race's Democratic frontrunner, Michelle Nunn, leads all but one of her potential Republican challengers in head-to-head matchups. Nunn and Broun are tied in the poll with 38 percent support.
There has been little nonpartisan polling in the state, but the results do underscore that Nunn has a decent shot at capturing the seat in a state that Democrats hope will tilt in their favor as Georgia undergoes demographic changes.
Album by the Beatles
2006 soundtrack album / Remix album by the Beatles
Love is a soundtrack remix album of music recorded by the Beatles, released in November 2006. It features music compiled and remixed as a mashup for the Cirque du Soleil show of the same name. The album was produced by George Martin and his son Giles Martin, who said, "What people will be hearing on the album is a new experience, a way of re-living the whole Beatles musical lifespan in a very condensed period."[1]
The album was also George Martin's final album as a producer before his death in 2016.
Background [ edit ]
George Martin and his son Giles began work on Love after obtaining permission from Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Yoko Ono and Olivia Harrison (the latter two representing the estates of John Lennon and George Harrison, respectively).[1] The idea for using the Beatles' music in a Cirque du Soleil production had originally come from Harrison, who died in November 2001,[16][17] through his friendship with the company's founder, Guy Laliberté.[15]
Speaking to Mojo editor Jim Irvin in December 2006, Giles Martin said that he first created a demo combining "Within You Without You" with "Tomorrow Never Knows", which he then nervously presented to McCartney and Starr for their approval. In Martin's recollection, "they loved it", with McCartney saying: "This is what we should be doing, more of this."[18]
In discussing the project, Giles Martin noted that elements were used from recordings in the Beatles catalogue, "the original four tracks, eight tracks and two tracks and used this palette of sounds and music to create a soundbed".[1] Because he was concerned that they might not get the green light to proceed with Love, he began by making digital back-ups of the original multi-track recordings, just to get started on the project. He also said that he and his father mixed more music than was eventually released, including "She's Leaving Home" and a version of "Girl" that he was particularly fond of, which was eventually released in 2011 as a bonus track on the album on iTunes.[19]
McCartney and Starr both responded very positively to the completed album. McCartney said that it "puts The Beatles back together again, because suddenly there's John and George with me and Ringo". Starr commended the Martins for their work, adding that Love was "really powerful for me and I even heard things I'd forgotten we'd recorded".[20][21]
Love was first played publicly on Virgin Radio's The Geoff Show. DJ Geoff Lloyd, the show's host, chose to play the entire work uninterrupted, to allow younger fans to experience an album premiere.[22]
Love placed at number 3 in the UK Albums Chart during its first week of release, trailing Westlife's The Love Album and Oasis' Stop the Clocks compilation.[23] It was also successful in the United States, debuting at number 4 on the Billboard 200, where it was certified Platinum in late 2006.[24] At the 50th annual Grammy Awards on 10 February 2008, the album won Grammys in two categories – Best Compilation Soundtrack Album and Best Surround Sound Album.
Release details [ edit ]
The album was released as a standard Compact Disc version, a two-disc CD and DVD-Audio package, a two-disc vinyl package, and as a digital download. The DVD-Audio disc contains a 5.1-channel surround sound mix (96 kHz 24-bit MLP), downmixable to two-channel. For backwards compatibility it also contains separate audio-only DVD-Video content with two-channel stereo (48 kHz 16-bit PCM) and 5.1-channel surround (448 kbit/s Dolby Digital and 754 kbit/s DTS).
Region Date Label Format Catalogue Japan 15 November 2006 Toshiba-EMI CD TOCP-70200 CD/DVD-Audio TOCP-70201 United Kingdom 20 November 2006 Apple, EMI CD 3798082 / 0946 3 79808 2 8 CD/DVD-Audio 3798102 / 0946 3 79810 2 3 United States 21 November 2006 Apple, Capitol, EMI CD 0946 3 79808 2 8 CD/DVD-Audio 0946 3 79810 2 3 United Kingdom 30 April 2007 Apple, EMI Vinyl 0946 379 808 11
Track listing [ edit ]
Love stage show George Martin assembled over 100 clips from Beatles songs; he is seen here at a performance of thestage show
The DVD-Audio and iTunes release have longer versions of "Revolution" and "Back in the U.S.S.R.", increasing the total running time by about two minutes. The track listing for both discs is as follows: All tracks written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, except where noted (see also: Lennon–McCartney).
Digital bonus tracks [ edit ]
Track elements [ edit ]
The elder Martin was assisted by his son Giles in the studio, compiling and remixing the various fragments
Love contains elements from 130 individual commercially released and demo recordings of the Beatles,[25] and is a complex remix and polymix of multiple songs known as a mashup.[26] While a complete list has not been disclosed, highlights of how the elements were mixed have been noted by the press.
Charts and certifications [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
All Together Now , a documentary following the creation of the Cirque du Soleil show and its soundtrack
, a documentary following the creation of the Cirque du Soleil show and its soundtrack Cirque du Soleil discography, a complete list of Cirque du Soleil's music releases with track listings
List of best-selling remix albums worldwide
A Palestinian medical team took samples from Mr. Arafat's corpse in the West Bank last year and gave them to Swiss, French and Russian forensic teams in an attempt to determine whether he was killed with the radioactive poison. “He could not have been poisoned with polonium,” the Russian news agency Interfax quoted Vladimir Uiba, who heads the Federal Medico-Biological Agency, as saying. “The research conducted by Russian experts found no traces of this substance.”
However, the agency later denied that it had made an official statement about the research, saying only that it had handed its results to the Russian Foreign Ministry. The Foreign Ministry declined to make any immediate comment. Mr. Arafat died at age 75 of an unexplained ailment he developed while confined to his Ramallah headquarters by Israeli tanks at the height of an armed Palestinian uprising in 2004.
GOALS from Moussa Dembele and Scott Sinclair secured three SPFL Premiership points for Celtic on their first visit to Ibrox Stadium in almost five years.
Rangers took the lead in style through stand-in skipper Kenny Miller on 13 minutes, the striker finding the net after excellent build-up play involving Josh Windass and James Tavernier.
From there both sides created chances galore but it was Celtic who took two of theirs, with Dembele launching a volley past Wes Foderingham with 33 minutes played before Sinclair scored what proved to be the winner with twenty remaining.
The drama was not finished there though, with Miller hitting the post in the latter stages of what was yet another quite remarkable New Year clash.
Prior to the game a minute of silence was observed by both sets of fans for the 66 supporters who lost their lives at Ibrox on 2 January 1971. After that the noise level was cranked back up as the packed stadium got ready for this eagerly anticipated Hogmanay battle to get under way.
The wind and rain blowing across the pitch was evident from kick-off and it was Miller who got the ball from rolling from Steven McLean's first whistle, with his side shooting towards the Celtic end.
Mark Warburton would have wanted his side to start positively and within the opening 30 seconds Barrie McKay, playing on the left wing in a 3-5-2 formation, burst between two Celtic players to win a corner, from which Danny Wilson headed over.
With four minutes on the clock McKay then slipped the ball to Holt who brought out a good save from Craig Gordon, with the big keeper diving to his right.
The game, as expected, was moving from end to end in the early stages and Mikael Lustig headed over from a corner before Scott Sinclair's shot across goal failed to trouble Gers' number one Foderingham.
On 13 minutes the first goal arrived and it had to be the energetic Miller, standing in as captain for the injured Lee Wallace, who got it after brilliant build-up play.
Windass fed a perfect pass to Tavernier who got to the byline before firing the ball the face of goal for Miller who put the ball into the net from four yards at the back post.
Ibrox erupted as the forward sprinted to the Bill Struth Main Stand to celebrate his ninth goal for the Light Blues against Celtic.
Before the match re-started Joe Garner was unfortunately stretched off and the Rangers fans applauded the striker as he disappeared up the tunnel with Martyn Waghorn taking his place.
With Celtic now behind a reaction was inevitable from the league leaders and on 20 minutes Callum McGregor weaved into the Gers box but his curling left-foot effort went high and wide into the Copland bears, who produced a stunning banner display in the build-up to kick-off.
It was proving to be another intriguing and entertaining battle between the Glasgow giants with Rangers looking good for their lead with the half-hour match approaching. That, of course, can quickly change in the Old Firm cauldron.
Celtic were looking vulnerable at the back and another defence-splitting pass from Windass to Tavernier carved out another opportunity but Gordon did well this time to punch away the cross with Waghorn lurking.
In attack however, Celtic were menacing and after Sinclair had hit the inside of the post and Hill cleared for a corner, Brendan Rodgers' men had the chance to equalise and they did just that.
Armstrong's delivery was deep but Dembele's control was instant, and his powerful left-foot volley flew into the roof of the net above Foderingham's reach.
Celtic were all of a sudden the team in the ascendancy and for Rangers it was just important to keep the score level at the break with a second forty-five of drama still to come.
A good save from Foderingham to deny Sinclair kept it at 1-1 and after six minutes of first-half injury time it was all to play for yet again in the second period.
Celtic were quick out the traps at the restart, with the lively Sinclair curling a free-kick over before Dembele was guilty of sclaffing a shot from the penalty spot after he had been teed up by Lustig.
Forrest should then have scored when he was sent through one-on-one with Foderingham, but the keeper did brilliantly to close the angle and block the winger's net-bound effort.
It was now one-way traffic towards Rangers' goal and Dembele was next up to try his luck.
Sinclair played the ball down the left side of the pitch to McGregor and his teasing cross was met by Celtic's number 10 at full stretch.
His effort into the ground bounced up and hit the bar and Sinclair somehow steered the rebound into the side netting when it looked easier to score.
On the hour Rangers needed inspiration from somewhere if they were going to take anything from a game which they appeared to be losing grip of.
Their effort and commitment, of course, was there for all to see and the Rangers fans did everything they could to get behind the players just when they needed them most.
As the Ibrox faithful roared the players responded with McKay testing Gordon from distance before Waghorn found space in behind Celtic's defence but he was unable to make the most of a good breakaway situation.
Miller then fired a shot down Gordon's throat from 30 yards which the keeper did well to hold.
On 68 minutes Rangers won a corner as the pressure continued, and from Tavernier's in-swinger Danny Wilson stooped but his header was straight at Celtic's keeper.
As with this topsy-turvy match, just when Rangers looked more likely to score Celtic went up the other end and did just that in front of their supporters. And the winning goal was similar in many ways to Rangers' in the first half.
Substitute Patrick Roberts found Stuart Armstrong in space on the right channel and his inviting cross to the back post was put away easily by Sinclair.
With their noses in front Celtic could quite easily have sat back but they didn't, instead looking to increase their advantage which, in turn, left spaces at the back.
Foderingham did well to deny both Armstrong and Sinclair and with 10 minutes left Miller came within an inch or two of getting Gers back on level terms.
McKay burst forward from midfield, leaving three Celtic players in his wake before finding Halliday on the right. His curling low cross was perfect for Miller but the Gers ace could only beat Gordon and hit the post, to the disappointment of the Ibrox faithful who were sure he had scored his second goal of the game.
That was as close as Rangers would come to equalising and despite their best efforts it was Celtic who held out to claim all three points from this Hogmanay Old Firm fixture.
RANGERS: Foderingham, Kiernan, Hill, Wilson, Tavernier, Windass (Dodoo 65), Halliday, Holt (Forrester 83), McKay, Garner (Waghorn 16), Miller
SUBS: Gilks, Hodson, Crooks, O'Halloran
GOALS: Miller 13
BOOKINGS: Hill, Tavernier, Windass
CELTIC: Gordon, Lustig, Simunovic, Sviatchenko, Izaguirre, Forrest (Roberts 68), Brown, Armstrong, McGregor (Bitton 86), Sinclair, Dembele
SUBS: De Vries, Toure, Griffiths, Gamboa, Mackay-Steven
GOALS: Dembele 33, Sinclair 70
BOOKINGS: Simunovic, Lustig, Brown
REF: Steven McLean
Att: 50,126
Local anti-fascists in Eugene, Oregon called out the owners of OG Analytical for suspected ties to white supremacy, resulting in the company losing all its clients.
A group of anti-fascists have publicly condemned the owners of a prominent Oregon cannabis lab for suspected ties to white supremacy, causing a ripple in the Pacific Northwest's cannabis community. The lab's clients have since denounced the once-popular business, as well as a handful of other canna-businesses in the area due to perceived connections.
In a public doxxing, first published by the anti-fascist group Eugene Antifa, activists identified Matthew Combs and Bethany Sherman, owners of state-approved cannabis testing lab OG Analytical, as active members in the area's white supremacist community. The antifa group says they were able to obtain information logs from the app Discord — a chat app once used for gaming that's been adopted by America's far right — in order to support its claims.
"Matthew Combs assisted his girlfriend Bethany Sherman in establishing OG Analytical," the unnamed authors of the Eugene Antifa post wrote. "His photo is still featured on their website even though his personal profile, position, and name has since been removed. We believe this is due to Combs attempting to take precautions against being exposed as a neo-Nazi."
Eugene Antifa also released screenshotted tweets from a Twitter account that allegedly belonged to Sherman, as well as a number of retweets on an account believed to be Combs'. Both were riddled with neo-Nazi imagery and sentiment, including references to the "14 words," a popular neo-Nazi slogan.
First published on November 23rd, the anti-fascists' findings didn't turn into national news until late last week, when reporters from The Oregonian were able to reach Sherman for a comment on the doxxing. The longtime OG Analytical CEO all but confirmed the antifa accusations, and announced that she would be stepping down from the company.
"I find it extremely disconcerting that it is admired and revered to have 'gay pride,' 'black pride,' 'Asian pride, or pride in any other cultural heritage, but if you have 'white pride' it automatically makes you a Nazi, and you are ostracized, attacked, and lynched by your community," she wrote in a statement issued to The Oregonian. "I admit, I am proud that I am white, and I'm not ashamed of my heritage. And I admit that I have been so conditioned to feel shame about this pride that I discreetly sought community where I could. Knowing the potential ramifications of my actions, I did my best to keep them incredibly discreet."
Following the statement, OG Analytical's employees, local cannabis companies, and Nazi-haters of all kinds came out of the woodwork to admonish Sherman, Combs, and their place in Oregon's cannabis industry. In an updated version of the same Oregonian article, OG Analytical lab director Rodger Voelker said that none of the other employees were aware of Sherman's beliefs, and that business has entirely vanished since the owners were accused of neo-Nazi sympathy.
"It blindsided all of us," Voelker told The Oregonian. "It's unbelievable that you can work with people — our relationship is purely professional. We don't share personal beliefs, religious, political, or anything else. This is just unbelievable… We have already seen a 100 percent decline in our business. Nobody likes Nazis."
Now, after a week without any business for what used to be one of the state's most highly respected cannabis testing labs, at least two other Oregon cannabis companies are getting dragged into OG Analytical's mud, all because of one of the weed industry's most common naming devices.
According to the Associated Press, Eugene OG and OG Collective — in Eugene and Salem, Oregon, respectively — have both dealt with harassing phone calls from confused nazi-haters looking for Sherman and OG Analytical. The "OG" moniker is common across the cannabis industry, and spokespeople from Eugene OG and OG Collective have both been adamant that they have absolutely no connection to OG Analytical.
But while that initial report from The Oregonian quoted Sherman in saying that she would step down from her role as CEO and actively look to sell the business, subsequent information from former OG Analytical employees paints a different picture.
A separate report from the Eugene Weekly quotes an unnamed OG Analytical employee who said that the entire staff was fired after The Oregonian article came out last Wednesday, December 6th. Since then, Sherman has not turned over the company, and has allegedly been involved with two blow-ups with OG Analytical's previous staff.
In response to the situation, a number of Eugene and Portland area cannabusinesses came together to release a "statement of nondiscrimination," voicing public support for a cannabis industry that is welcoming to all.
Follow Zach Harris on Twitter
Announcing the completion of the first draft of the human genome in 2000, then-US president Bill Clinton spelt out what this monumental achievement would mean for humankind, “With this profound new knowledge, humankind is on the verge of gaining immense new power to heal. Genome science will have a real impact on all our lives, and even more on the lives of our children.”
The international consortium of scientists involved in the Human Genome Project would go on to complete their final draft just three years later (two years ahead of schedule).
The project provided us with the genetic sequence of the average human. But there's actually no such thing as an average human. We are all different in one way or another. And these differences play a significant role in our health and quality of life.
Understanding the extent of genetic variation in individuals and what effect these have on their health and well-being is the key to providing quality, personalised health care. Thanks to the Human Genome Project and recent advances in DNA sequencing technology, finding genetic variants is a cheap, straightforward process. But determining the consequences of these variants is a difficult one.
Take the gene known as CFTR for example. Variants found in this gene have been shown to cause the genetic disorder cystic fibrosis. The gene itself is approximately 200,000 base-pairs (or DNA letters) in length. Each one of these base-pairs can be changed in a variety of ways.
A database at the US National Institutes of Health has records of 3,083 variants that have been observed in this gene. But only 235 of them have been proven to cause cystic fibrosis. In fact, we know that 85% of cystic fibrosis cases are caused by the same 20 variations. (All the other variants or mutations implicated in cystic fibrosis are recorded in a separate, gene-specific database, which records 1,938 variants.)
So the presence of any variant in a particular gene is not a guarantee that someone will have a particular disorder. It is the variant itself that's the determining factor. But even then, the presence of other variants, in that gene and in others, as well as environment and lifestyle factors, can all play a role in the progression and severity of a disorder.
Sifting through this complex interplay of 20,000 genes, their variants, environmental influences and epigenetic factors is the business of the field of variomics. On a spectrum between basic science and clinical delivery, variomics sits in the middle – bridging the gap between knowledge generation and application.
One of the major challenges in the field of variomics is poor and uneven access to knowledge across the world. Discoveries about the functional consequences of newly-discovered gene variants and the disease risks associated with them are made every day in genetic testing laboratories around the world. Unfortunately, in most cases, these discoveries are used only in the diagnosis and treatment of the patient in whom the variant was discovered. This local knowledge remains hidden and, consequently, has limited impact.
But efforts have begun to change this. The Human Variome Project is an international consortium of researchers and health-care professionals working to integrate the free and open sharing of this knowledge into routine clinical practice.
For those of us living in developed countries with robust health systems, the single largest determinant of health is genes. Genes play a role in nine out of the ten top causes of death in Australia, the United States and most other developed countries. And while genetic diseases are commonly associated with diseases of childhood – cystic fibrosis, Down syndrome, phenylketonuria – genes actually play a role in our health at all stages of life.
There are adults onset genetic diseases, such as Huntington's disease and genetic hyperthyroidism, and we are learning more about the role genes play in more common diseases, such as heart disease, diabetes, obesity and cancer.
Francis Collins, the US director of the Human Genome Project has said of the human genome, “It's a shop manual, with an incredibly detailed blueprint for building every human cell. And it's a transformative textbook of medicine, with insights that will give health-care providers immense new powers to treat, prevent and cure disease.”
What the Human Genome Project gave us was the ability to read that shop manual. What the field of variomics is trying to work out is what happens to us when our personal copy of that manual has a mistake.
With the launch of the Apple MacBook and Google's Chromebook Pixel, USB-C (also called USB Type-C) and the accompanying USB 3.1 standard are both hitting market somewhat earlier than we initially expected. If you're curious about the two standards and how they interact, we've dusted off and updated our guide to the upcoming technology. The situation is more nuanced than it's been with previous USB standard updates — USB 3.1 and USB Type-C connectors may be arriving together on the new machines, but they aren't joined at the hip the way you might think.
USB Type-C: Fixing an age-old problem
The near-universal frustration over attempts to connect USB devices to computers has been a staple of nerd humor and lampooned in various ways until Intel finally found a way to take the joke quantum.
USB Type-C promises to solve this problem with a universal connector that's also capable of twice the theoretical throughput of USB 3.0 and can provide far more power. That's why Apple is pairing up Type-C and USB 3.1 to eliminate the power connector on the MacBook. It's a goal we agree with, even if we're less thrilled with the company's decision to dump USB ports altogether with that single exception. Google's approach, in providing two USB-C and two regular USB 3.0 ports, is obviously preferable, even though it adds a bit of bulk to the machine.
Type-C connectors will be shipped in a variety of passive adapters (an earlier version of this story erroneously asserted that such cables would not be available, Extremetech regrets the error). The spec provides for passive adapters with USB 3.0 / 3.1 on one end and USB Type-C on the other.
USB-C, USB 3.1 not always hooked together
The Type-C plug can be used with previous standards of USB, which means manufacturers don't automatically have to adopt expensive 3.1 hardware if they want to include it in mobile devices. Apple, to be clear, is offering USB 3.1 on the new MacBook, though the company hasn't disclosed which third party vendor is providing the actual chipset support.
The disconnect between USB 3.1's performance standard and the USB Type-C connector is going to inevitably cause confusion. One reason the shift from USB 2.0 to 3.0 was relatively painless is because coloring both the cables and plugs bright blue made it impossible to mistake one type of port for the other.
The upside to decoupling USB 3.1 from USB-C, however, is that companies can deploy the technology on mobile phones and tablets without needing to opt for interfaces that inevitably consume more power. Then again, some might argue that this would be a moot point — the USB controller can be powered down when it isn't active, and when it is active, the device should be drawing power off the PC or charging port anyway. Heat dissipation could theoretically remain a concern — higher bandwidth inevitably means higher heat, and in devices built to 3-4W specifications, every tenth of a watt matters.
If I had to bet, I'd bet that the 100W power envelope on USB 3.1 will actually be of more practical value than the 10Gbps bandwidth capability. While it's true that USB 3.1 will give external SSD enclosures more room to stretch their legs, the existing standard still allows conventional mechanical drives to run at full speed, while SSDs can hit about 80% of peak performance for desktop workloads. It might not be quite as good, but it's a far cry from the days when using USB 2.0 for an external hard drive was achingly slow compared to SATA. Signal overhead is also expected to drop significantly, thanks to a switch to a 128-bit and 132-bit encoding scheme, similar to that used in PCI-Express 3.0.
The ability to provide 100W of power, as opposed to 10W, however, means that nearly all manufacturers could ditch clunky power bricks. There would still be concern about ensuring that connect points were sufficiently reinforced, but provided such concerns can be accounted for, the vast majority of laptops could switch over to the new standard. Hard drives and other external peripherals could all be powered by single wires, as could USB hubs for multiple devices.
The higher bandwidth is nice, and a major selling point, but the flippable connector and the power provisioning will likely make more difference in the day-to-day reality of life. As for competition with Intel's Thunderbolt, USB 3.1 will continue to lag Intel's high-speed standard, but as bandwidth rises this gap becomes increasingly academic. At this point, it's the features USB doesn't allow, like RAID and TRIM, that matter more than the raw bandwidth does in most cases.
Apple's MacBook will be first out the door with USB 3.1 and USB-C support, with vendors scurrying to match the company on both counts. LaCie has announced a new revision of its Porsche Design Mobile Drive that takes advantage of the Type-C connector, but only offers USB 3.0. It's going to take time for the 3.1 spec to really show up on peripheral devices, even those that adopt the USB-C cable. Motherboard support outside the Apple MacBook is probably 4-5 months away, though the first peripheral cables should be available well before that point.
Now read: USB Type-C cable will also support DisplayPort. Finally, one cable for every hole
By Gil McGowan
The world as we know it is about to end. At least, that's what you'd think, if you listen to right-wing commentators currently bending themselves out of shape over the idea of a $15 minimum wage.
Here's a list of the top five reasons our new premier should ignore the whining and get on with the job of giving Alberta's lowest-paid workers a raise.
1. Higher minimum wages don't kill jobs.
Experts have been studying the effects of minimum wage increases for more than 30 years. What the evidence shows is that the huge job losses predicted by the hypothetical economic models used by business groups have never materialized in the real world.
Whether we're talking about provinces like Ontario, Quebec and B.C., or American cities like Seattle, San Francisco and Santa Fe, absolutely none of the dire predictions have come true.
2. Higher minimum wages actually help the economy.
There are two reasons why the sky doesn't fall when big increases are made to the minimum wage.
First, higher wages can actually help control business costs by reducing employee turnover, which, in turn, increases productivity. This could be called the “Costco Effect,” after the company that learned it can profit in the cutthroat retail sector by paying its employees more.
Second, higher wages put more money in the pockets of low-wage workers who, in turn, spend that money in the local economy. This could be called the “Henry Ford Effect,” after the famous U.S. industrialist who paid his employees well so they could afford to buy his cars.
3. Higher minimum wages don't hurt profits.
The reason some economic models predict massive job losses resulting from minimum wage increases is because those models assume businesses will do nothing to deal with the changed environment — which, of course, is ridiculous.
What happens in the real world, is that increased costs are simply passed along to customers in the form of slightly higher prices. So, a higher minimum wage is much more likely to result in a cup of coffee that costs 15 cents more than it is to result in layoffs.
The beauty of an across-the-board increase is that it levels the playing field. Employers who have always wanted to pay their workers fairly will no longer have to worry about being undercut by unscrupulous competitors who pay poverty wages.
4. The proposed increase is not really that big.
One of the main complaints of low-wage defenders is that the Alberta plan represents an “unprecedented” jump in the minimum wage of nearly 50 per cent.
The problem with this argument is that it's wrong. Ontario raised its minimum wage by 65 per cent over a shorter period in the 1970s, and the sky didn't fall. The same is true for a number of U.S. cities more recently.
Just as importantly, the effective increase faced by most low-wage employers is much smaller than 50 per cent, because so few of them pay the current minimum of $10.20.
In fact, nearly 75 per cent of Alberta's 300,000 low-wage workers cluster between $12 and 15 an hour. For an employer currently paying at the lowest end of this range, a new minimum of $15 would represent a 25 per cent increase, not a 50 per cent increase.
To put it another way, the government could immediately increase the minimum wage to $12 and only a tiny number of workers would be affected (about three per cent of Alberta's labour force of 2.3 million).
5. Anything less than $15 per hour is a poverty wage.
When setting the minimum wage, our starting point should be our values. Specifically, we should have a minimum that allows a person working full time, full year, to live above the poverty line.
Alberta's current minimum wage doesn't even come close to that threshold.
According to Statistics Canada, people living in any of Alberta's major cities would have to earn at least $14.50 per hour — right now, not three years from now — in order to keep themselves out of poverty.
So instead of giving in to pressure from low-wage employers, Premier Rachel Notley should stick to her guns and remain true to the values that got her elected on May 5.
She should listen to policy experts who suggest that the minimum wage should be set at around 50 per cent of the median wage (in Alberta, that would mean a minimum wage of … wait for it … $15).
She should also listen to people like Seattle-based venture capitalist Nick Hanauer, who recently called low-wage employers “parasites on the larger economy,” because their practices undermine the ability of their employees to participate fully in the economy as consumers.
It's also time to act on evidence from groups like the International Monetary Fund (hardly a radical outfit) showing that low wages actually suppress economic growth.
What all this means is we shouldn't be afraid of a $15 minimum wage. In fact, it should be introduced now, not three years from now.
Gil McGowan is president of the Alberta Federation of Labour.
How Doom influenced my abstract shooter: D.O.T.
Posted by bombjack73 on Nov 29th, 2017
After viewing What We Can Learn From Doom, I wondered how I could transpose those ideas to my shooter game.
The action in D.O.T takes place with the succession of enemy waves. The different waves are designed to either provide challenge or make the player learn something about the enemies behaviours. If you don't clean the wave fast enough, another one appears and you could easily get overflooded.
Each Doom unit has very distinct characteristics that differentiate it from the others. That's part of what makes the experience so rich and joyful.
The zombie man has a hitscan weapon and is quite hard to transpose to D.O.T. The player has only one health point which nearly prohibit the use of hitscan weaponry. I replaced it by a wanderer hexagon that just moves on the screen without caring about the player. He is as ennoying as the zombie man which is its main purpose.
The imp fire bullets and moves quite slowly toward the player. It exists to force the player to move to avoid bullets. It's perfect for my game where it takes the form of a green gunner triangle that tracks the player and force him to keep moving.
The demon hunts the player and do melee damage. In D.O.T., the chaser donut moves fast to the player and kills him instantly.
The yellow speeders appear in packs of at least 5 and move very quickly in straight line. Just like Doom's lost souls does.
The hollow sniper cube incarnates the cocademon. It stays back and fires a nearly constant flow of bullets. You'd better kill it quickly or prepare to die. To add more precision, it targets the direction you're heading. Deadly!
The little red bugs are enemies coming in flock chasing the player. It doesn't move directly to the player. It kinda orbitate around the player to kill it. Just like the speeders, they appear in their own waves; without any other enemy. It provides a short time of relief just before adding more tension when you see all those bugs charging at you.
The combination of all those mechanics offers a wide palette of possible encounters. It encourages the player to think fast and act fast.
The Department of Justice has released the financial disclosures of special counsel Robert Mueller, Politico reported on Tuesday.
The disclosure shows that Mueller made just under $3.5 million through his work at the law firm that employed him prior to his appointment to serve as the special counsel investigating Russia's election meddling.
Mueller's clients at WilmerHale included Apple, Sony Pictures, Intel, Facebook and the National Football League.
ADVERTISEMENT
The disclosure comes as Mueller continues the probe into Russia's attempts to interfere in the presidential election and any potential ties between President Trump's campaign staff members and the Kremlin.
The Justice Department appointed Mueller to conduct the investigation in May, days after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.
Mueller, who previously served as the FBI director under former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE, also gave paid speeches following his exit from the federal government.
In a meeting with The San Francisco Chronicle's editorial board, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) was asked about working with Hillary Clinton, specifically what she felt was the former secretary of state's greatest accomplishment as a lawmaker on Capitol Hill. Feinstein couldn't name any, and had to instruct an aide to “Google” some answers for that inquiry. She also admitted that she was caught unawares by the question (via Daily Caller) [emphasis mine]:
“As someone who worked with Hillary Clinton for nearly a decade in the Senate, what in your view was her signature accomplishment as a senator?” The Chronicle's editorial board asked Feinstein. “Golly, I forget what bills she's been part of or authored. I didn't really come prepared to discuss this,” said Feinstein, who had planned to pitch a new water plan. Clinton has been dogged by her flimsy senate record. She authored only three laws during her Senate stint. The legislation designated a highway, post office and government building in New York. She co-sponsored another 74 bills that ultimately passed. “But she's been a good senator,” said the 82-year-old, who has endorsed Clinton. “There are things outside of bills that you can do, and I know that she's done them for her state.” […] “I should have a list,” said Feinstein, who The Chronicle described as “famously well-prepared.” “Get on Google,” she told an aide.
Hillary Clinton is the frontrunner for the Democratic Party's nomination for president, and one of the most hard-core liberals has failed to mention any accomplishments made by her. She had to get on Google to troll for some. Hillary may have solid endorsements, but it seems that she has little to offer in terms of accomplishments other than marrying Bill. Yes, she won a Senate seat in New York, which is a deep-blue bastion of American liberalism, so, Clinton beating former Rep. Rick Lazio in that contest was pretty much a done deal. As secretary of state, she peddled Obama's smart power diplomacy that has been a serial failure. Iraq is a mess; Libya is a disaster; and Syria is an utter catastrophe. I'm sure Google picked up on the turmoil left in her wake as well.
The jihadists hordes of the Islamic State (ISIS) have captured most of the Yarmouk refugee camp on the outskirts of Damascus, driving out thousands of Palestinian residents and brutally slaughtering many.
According to both Israeli and Palestinian media, fewer than 16,000 Palestinians now remain in the once bustling suburb. Those who remain have pleaded in vain for help from an international community that seems so engaged with the Palestinians, at least when Israel can be painted as the aggressor.
“Today I ventured out into the bombed-out streets searching for food for my children,” a 30-year-old Palestinian named Mahmoud told Israel's Yediot Ahronot daily newspaper via telephone. “Yesterday, my neighbor was shot by snipers. Today we buried him. We are living in hell. The whole camp is surrounded and we have nothing to eat.”
Mahmoud went so far as to beseech Israel for aid. “Israel is more merciful than the Arabs,” he said.
Another Palestinian living in Yarmouk said in a telephone conversation with the Israeli news portal NRG that local residents are left praying hopelessly for salvation while trapped between invading jihadist militias and the forces of the Syrian regime. “ISIS has begun beheading Palestinians,” he said.
Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas and his representative in Syria, Anwar Abed al-Hadi, have repeatedly stressed that they can do little to help the Palestinians suffering near Damascus. Still, some have wondered why the Palestinian leadership has not taken the case of Yarmouk before the International Criminal Court, the UN or the EU, as it did concern Gaza after last summer's war.
It is believed that the Palestinian leadership is fearful of directly confronting the Sunni jihadist groups, which could retaliate against additional Palestinian populations. As such, Abbas and al-Hadi have gone only so far as to ask ISIS and the Syrian regime to spare Palestinian lives.
“If Israel was acting toward the Palestinians as jihadists are now, they would have dragged Israel before the international community long ago,” a Palestinian journalist from Nablus told Israel Today. “In fact, you would have been charged even for things unworthy of indictment.”
While the journalist was speaking cynically, what he told us is a tragic fact.
Obama goes golfing during Palm Springs vacation as Iraq descends into chaos
Over the weekend the violence in Iraq reached a tipping point, forcing the State Department opted to evacuate some some of it's staff and put in a request for military assistance
Islamic extremists continued ransacking Iraq and executing civilians and Iraqi troops as they battled their way to Baghdad
President Obama left National Security Adviser Susan Rice and her team in charge of monitoring the situation and coming up with an appropriate solution while he went on vacation
Obama spent Saturday afternoon and a large part of Sunday at posh golf courses in Palm Springs, California
White House spokesman Josh Earnest says the president called to check in with Rice at the start and end of his days
President Barack Obama spent last weekend on the golf course and on vacation in Palm Springs, California while his National Security team took charge of monitoring the increasing unrest in Iraq, it was revealed on Monday.
According to reports filed by journalists on the trip of the president's comings and goings, President Barack Obama spent Saturday afternoon and most of Sunday at exclusive resorts playing golf with White House aides.
Meanwhile , National Security Advis er Susan Ric e and her team w ere tasked with coming up with a plan to stop al Qaeda linked terrorist group Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) from overtaking Baghadad.
Some U.S. embassy workers were also evacuated from Iraq on Sunday wh ile the president was out golfing.
President Obama also gave the University of California-Irvine commencement address during his trip to California. Here is screaming the student chant 'Zot, Zot, Zot,' as he makes the symbols of the Anteater, the school's mascot
White House spokesman Josh Earnest assured reporters in a series of statements over the weekend that president Obama was calling Rice every evening and every morning during his trip to get an update on the ongoing bloodshed in a Iraq and the measures the U.S. could take to counter the Islamic extremist group's violent ascension to power.
'The President asked her to continue to stay in close touch and provide additional information as necessary,' Earnest said in statement on Sunday.
President Barack Obama, greets members of the military at before leaving Los Alamitos, California, to head back to Palm Springs on Saturday
The president briefly met with the troops at their families before jetting back to Palm Springs
On Friday evening President Obama traveled to Palm Springs, California, with First Lady Michelle Obama and their daughter Malia for a Father's Day weekend getaway.
The first family stayed at a private residence in the gated community of Thunderbird Heights in Rancho Mirage with White House decorator Michael Smith and his partner, James Costos, the American ambassador to Spain, during their three-day stay.
Early Saturday morning President Obama left Palm Springs to make a short side trip to Laguna Beach to appear at a Democratic National Committee fundraiser, where 25 of the president's supporters donated up to $32,400 a piece to participate in a hour-long meet and greet with Obama.
Obama then gave the commencement speech for the University of California-Irvine at Angel Stadium before returning to Palm Springs by way of Los Alamitos Army Airfield in Los Alamitos, California.
There he spent a few minutes meeting with locally stationed troops and their families before jetting back to Palm Springs to play golf at the Sunnylands estate with White House aides Joe Paulsen and Marvin Nicholson.
President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama wave to people gathered on the tarmac, as they depart Air Force One at the Palm Springs International Airport in Palm Springs, California on Friday
The first couple was greeted on the tarmac by California Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., second from left, and her husband Stewart Boxer, left
Obama again went golfing on Sunday, Father's Day, with Nicholson and Paulsen at the 246-acre Porcupine Creek Estate.
The president and his crew spent five hours on the golf course before retiring back to Rancho Mirage on Sunday afternoon.
The President's holiday was met with indignation by Republicans who felt his attention ought to be on keeping Iraq from falling into the wrong hands.
'Well, this is a crisis. It does call for a response, not going to Palm Springs for a fundraiser, House Homeland Security committee chair Mike McCaul said Sunday morning on ABC News.
'I am glad Obama likes Palm Springs,' former California Rep. Mary Bono Mack tweeted. 'Just wish he would enjoy it after he retires but stay focused now on the perils in the Middle East.'
South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham called Obama 'delusional' and 'detached' for not taking the situation in Iraq seriously enough.
'If Baghdad falls, if the central government falls, a disaster awaits us of monumental proportions,' he said.
As of Monday morning ISIL had not taken Baghdad, but it had conquered the northwestern Iraqi city of Tel Afar.
President Barack Obama is taking flak for spending his weekend out on the links instead of figuring out how to save Iraq from destruction. There are no pictures available of his golf outings on Saturday and Sunday, but here is a picture of the president playing golf at the Kaneohe Klipper Golf Course earlier this year while on vacation in Hawaii
Concern over the rising tide of violence in Iraq reached a tipping point on Sunday afternoon, and the State Department announced that it was relocating some of its staff stationed at the U.S. embassy in Iraq.
'Overall, a substantial majority of the US embassy presence in Iraq will remain in place and the embassy will be fully equipped to carry out its national security mission,' State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement.
Pentagon press secretary, Rear Admiral John Kirby, said on Sunday that the State Department had called on the military to provide additional security at the U.S.'s diplomatic facilities in Baghdad.
On Saturday, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel dispatched an aircraft carrier and two ships carrying missiles to the Persian Gulf region.
President Obama said on Friday that the U.S. was considering an airstrike on militant groups, but he had not yet made a decision at that time on whether or not he intended to proceed with military action.
CTVNews.ca Staff
The man charged after parachuting into a Calgary field from a lawn chair borne by approximately 120 balloons says he has no regrets.
Daniel Boria, 26, told CTV News Channel he had long wanted to organize a “publicity stunt” to promote his natural cleaning products company.
After he was unable to find anyone else willing to do it, Boria took skydiving lessons, “figured out how many (balloons) it would take to carry somebody, and (multiplied) that by three.”
He called it the “most thrilling experience of my life.”
Calgary residents were thrilled too, when they saw him floating above the Stampede grounds on Sunday evening.
Just saw this floating through the skies of Calgary. Hope it's not a stampede #balloon vendor out of control. #yyc pic.twitter.com/xcI07rdRw9 — Tom Warne (@tomwarne) July 6, 2015
Boria said his aim was to land in the chuckwagon races on Stampede grounds. He floated over his target, but abandoned his parachute plans when the winds became too much to handle. Instead, Boria parachuted into a field south of the Stampede grounds.
Police were less impressed at his stunt, and the fact his abandoned contraption was left to land where the wind blew it.
Calgary Police acting Insp. Kyle Grant said that Boria was lucky no one was hurt by his falling lawn chair.
“Thankfully, his parachute functioned properly and, of course, he wasn't injured upon landing. But there's still the question of the chair being up in the air,” Grant said on Monday.
The airborne chair eventually made its way back to Earth 65 kilometres outside the city.
Quinn Leslie, 13, was riding her horse when she spotted something dropping from the sky.
“All of a sudden I saw this colourful thing in the sky, and I was curious about what it was,” Leslie told CTV Calgary.
Leslie and her family tracked the balloon chair with popped balloons and an oxygen tank still attached, then dragged it back to their house.
“It was weird how it came so close to here from Calgary,” Leslie said.
Boria faces one charge of mischief causing danger to life. Police say they are still investigating, and that Boria could still face “aeronautics” charges.
With files from CTV Calgary and The Canadian Press
Overkill's The Walking Dead game comes out autumn 2018 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.
A glimpse at the four playable characters.
Overkill, developer of the Payday series, released a new teaser video that reveals Aiden, one of the game's four playable characters. Aiden carries a club in the video, so I expect he'll use a club in the game, too.
Overkill's The Walking Dead game is a four-player co-op multiplayer first-person shooter set in Washington, DC, as the outbreak brings the dead back to life.
Overkill said to expect a variety of missions and raids, which involve securing supplies and survivors to strengthen a base camp against both the dead and the living.
Each playable character has their own special abilities, skill trees, squad roles and background stories. Here's the official blurb:
"The action is close-up and intense: take out enemies carefully with silent melee attacks or go in guns blazing. You need to be able to improvise, as nothing is certain, and a horde of walkers is always around the corner."
It's the final month of the season and every pitching matchup holds extra weight. Maybe one of your regular arms is slated pitch in Coors and in Arlington or you're in need of an extra few starts from now through September 14th. Over at my site Pitcher List, I helped tackle this question by outlining the Top 100 Starters for the rest of the season according to their ROS schedules, providing estimations for each starter's schedule from now until the end of the year. Instead of focusing on the entire month of September, here we're going to take a look at ten lesser owned arms that could help you later this week or find themselves in good matchups for the next round:
Note: Owned rates are according to ESPN Leagues.
Good Matchups
Kyle Gibson (@KCR, SDP) – 8.7% owned
You may be surprised to see Gibson here. I'm surprised to see Gibson here. His career 6.17 K/9, 3.20 BB/9, and 4.73 ERA have secured him a comfortable spot on the third page of your waiver wire for ages, but in his last three starts, Gibson has been a new man, sporting a 1.37 ERA, 9.15 K/9, and 0.92 BB/9. His whiff rates have jumped to 13.9% in those starts after a near 9.0% prior and given he's facing the paltry lineups of the Royals and Padres next, he's worth a look for your squad.
Lucas Giolito (SFG, @KCR) – 33.4% owned
It's possible you missed the boat on Giolito and this is a moot point. For those that still see him on the wire and are wondering if you should take the dive, allow two dates with the Giants and Royals to change your mind. Additionally, I wrote an article discussing Giolito's poor mechanics in his 2017 debut, specifically noting his lack of drive from his backfoot. In his last two starts – especially his 1 ER and 10 strikeout performance on Sunday – this mechanical flaw has been much improved and I'm on board.
Robert Stephenson (@NYM, PIT) – 10% owned
Right off the bat, there's a great chance for some easy points here as Stephenson is slated to face both the Mets and Pirates – two teams well recognized at the bottom of offensive prowess in the majors. It doesn't come with its share of warts, however, as Stephenson is boasting a horrific 14.5% walk rate as a starter, with a 1.56 WHIP and averaging just 5.3 innings per start. Still, those that are searching for strikeout upside will love Stephenson's 18 strikeouts across his last two outings, and he could carry his hot streak through to the end of next week.
Edwin Jackson (PHI, LAD) – 22.8% owned
You know it's a weird season when Edwin Jackson is a considerable option for your staff deep in September, but here we are. The Phillies need no introduction as an ideal team to stream against, though seeing the Dodgers here may be a bit startling. However, with Corey Seager on the sidelines, the Dodgers have been reeling offensively over the last two weeks – 23rd in wOBA and 4th in strikeouts – and Jackson could take advantage. Since entering the Nationals' rotation, he's held an impressive 3.29 ERA with a 1.21 WHIP. Yes this is risky (5.17 FIP! .241 BABIP! 6.59 K/9!), but playing for the Nationals means a there's an elevated chance at sneaking a Win or two from a pair of starts in the short term.
Adam Conley (@ATL, @PHI) – 8.7% owned
I wouldn't call myself a Conley fan as the pitcher is as inconsistent as they come. Despite tossing an eleven strikeout game on August 20th, Conley has earned just nine strikeouts combined in his three starts since. With his excellent Slider, there's upside for his strikeout ability to pop up on any given day and with starts scheduled against the Braves and Phils, it might be the type of gamble that you need to take. Save for Slegers, he's my least favorite name featured here, but one to keep in mind if you're scraping the bottom of the barrel.
Doug Fister (TOR, OAK) – 20.7% owned
Like Jackson and Gibson, it's shocking to find myself endorsing Fister, but there's little denying the recent success he's had. Fister's last three starts have tallied a 1.57 ERA (2.92 FIP) and 7.04 K/9 with his signature low 6.0% walk rate, coming against respectable offenses of the Indians, Orioles, and Yankees. Now slated to face bottom-end lineups of Toronto and Oakland, it may be time for you to jump on board.
Two-Starts Next Week
Reynaldo Lopez (CLE, @KCR, @DET) – 7.4% owned
While you may not want to start Lopez for his start against a solid Cleveland offense, a pair of matchups against the Royals and Tigers is a beautiful gift. Lopez features legitimate strikeout upside with his mid-to-upper 90s Fastball and Slider/Changeup combination that can miss bats. Don't let his 6 ER start in Texas deter you from trusting the 23-year-old and grab him regardless of his start in Cleveland.
Garrett Richards (HOU, TEX) – 17.8% owned
Yes, Richards is facing the Astros next week and he might still be on a short leash as he's going to be on a 50-pitch count for tonight's game against Oakland. However, with his talent, Richards could be beneficial against an Astros team that may be giving a rest to some of their starters as they gear up for the playoffs. Throw in a Rangers team that is simply atrocious on the road, and you have a pitcher that has been forgotten about across fantasy leagues that could provide a stable two-start week.
Kyle Freeland (SFG, @LAD, SDP) – 21.8% owned
Freeland has been a mediocre option following a hot April, and his early September may call for another surge with three great matchups ahead. Even calling Coors his home, the Giants and Padres are still in Freeland's favor, while the aforementioned Dodgers have been struggling mightily as of late. Meanwhile, Freeland has shown a bit more strikeout upside in the second half, holding an 8.53 K/9 in his last eight starts. This isn't the safest play nor is it the sexiest, but two Wins could come your way with the Colorado offense behind him.
Aaron Slegers (@TBR, SDP, TOR) – 0.0% owned
This is a longshot. A “I'm-going-to-lose-if-I-do-nothing-but-there's-nothing-available” longshot. Slegers is slated to start Wednesday night in his MLB debut and we don't really know what's going to happen after. In the hypothetical situation that he does well, there's a chance he takes another turn or two in the rotation, leading to a pair of great matchups for a two-start week against the Padres and Jays. But will he do well? Slegers has had a respectable 7.22 K/9 and low 1.76 BB/9 in Triple-A this season, en route to a 3.40 ERA and 1.23 WHIP. That doesn't scream massive upside, but it does hint at a finesse pitcher that could find his way into outs and innings for your squad. His low 90s Fastball could be amplified by his massive 6'10” frame, and you may not get a chance to snag him if you wait-and-see.
S.S. Rajamouli
Mr. S.S. Rajamouli is a famous Indian director and screenwriter. During his visit to our Narsingi kitchen, he was highly impressed and appreciated the entire kitchen process. Most recently, he made a significant contribution to our #iShareMyLunch campaign.
Chef Ramasamy Selvaraju
Chef Selvaraju has been supporting Akshaya Patra since the inception of ‘Giving Every Dream a Chance' - a mentorship initiative for beneficiary children. He says, “Akshaya Patra gives me an opportunity to support children in the pursuit of their dreams."
Shraddha Kapoor
Ms. Shraddha Kapoor, a talented Indian actress has graciously supported Akshaya Patra on a famous television show ‘Dus Ka Dum'. In her appearance on the show, she pledged her winnings to our Foundation.
A.R. Rahman
Mr. A. R. Rahman graciously offered his composition 'Naan Yen Piranthen' as the background score for an inspirational short film made by Akshaya Patra titled 'The Possibilities'.
Divya Sathyaraj
Ms. Divya Sathyaraj, a popular nutritionist and daughter of ace actor Mr. Sathyaraj is advising us on how we can improve the nutritive value of our meals.
Vivek Oberoi
The Foundation hosted Mr.Vivek Oberoi at one of its kitchens. He was very impressed and appreciated the working methodology adopted by the Foundation while coordinating with the Government, bringing together resources, raising funds and executing its school lunch programme.
Ram Sampath
Mr. Ram Sampath is a famous Indian composer, music producer and musician. He enthralled the audience at Akshaya Patra's musical fiesta called the ‘Chords of Giving'.
Sanjeev Kapoor
Mr. Sanjeev Kapoor partners with Akshaya Patra regularly to help spread the vision and mission of the Foundation.
Sona Mohapatra
Mrs. Sona Mohapatra is a celebrated singer and performer who has performed at Akshaya Patra's ‘Chords of Giving' concert held on 13 January 2017.
T. V. Mohandas Pai
Mr. Mohandas Pai has been serving as a trustee of The Akshaya Patra Foundation since its early days. He is also a donor apart from being a strategic visionary of the Foundation.
With version 7.1 of its software, Tesla Motors rolled out a feature Saturday that lets Autopilot-equipped cars semi-autonomously "summon" themselves from your garage to your driveway. Tesla CEO Elon Musk thinks that in two years, it's possible a Tesla could summon itself across the country.
Elon Musk made this prediction, which he said might be "slightly optimistic," in a press call Sunday, following the release of v7.1. Musk envisions a scenario where a Tesla owner is in California and their car is in New York, but they can summon their car cross-country autonomously.
For this to happen, Musk says Autopilot-equipped Teslas would require more hardware than what's currently installed. Right now, the human operator is "plan B" if Autopilot hardware fails, but with full autonomy, another layer of equipment must be put in place as a fail-safe.
Cross-country summoning would also require the usage of an automatic charging system, which Tesla has been testing since 2014. In its current form, the automatic charger resembles a mechanical snake that automatically finds the charging port on the car and plugs in. Musk has previously joked about the appearance of the mecha-snake.
Charger prototype finding its way to Model S.https://t.co/L9E4MR642G — Tesla (@Tesla) August 6, 2015
"We'll try to make it look less creepy," said Musk. "It's kind of fascinating in its creepiness."
Musk said the charger would likely first appear at Tesla's Supercharging stations before it shows up in owner's garages.
In a recent interview with Fortune, Musk said that Tesla would achieve complete autonomy in two years, so his statements today shouldn't come as a complete surprise. Still, it's an utterly fascinating vision of what the future could look like.
We're very curious to see if Musk will pull this one off.
There are many reasons to be deeply worried about a Donald Trump presidency. But if he makes the right choices, he could fundamentally alter U.S. foreign policy for the better.
Trump campaigned against America's powerful foreign policy community—what one of President Obama's advisors derisively labeled “the Blob.” Its members include prominent Democrats and Republicans with similar views on foreign policy. He accused them of producing “one foreign policy disaster after another,” and promised to “develop a new foreign policy direction for our country.” This was precisely the message many voters wanted to hear, and the president-elect now has the opportunity to change how the United States deploys its power around the world.
Over the past twenty-five years, American leaders have pursued a policy of liberal hegemony, which calls for the United States to dominate the entire globe. This strategy assumes every region of the world matters greatly for American security, and it calls for extending the U.S. security umbrella to nearly any country that wants protection as well as trying to spread democracy far and wide. In practice, this objective means toppling regimes and then doing nation building. Small wonder the United States has been at war for two out of every three years since the Cold War ended.
Liberal hegemony is a bankrupt strategy. The United States has worked to topple regimes and promote democracy in six countries in the greater Middle East: Afghanistan, Egypt, Iraq, Libya, Syria and Yemen. Each attempt has been an abject failure: wars are raging in every one of those countries except Egypt, which is once again a military dictatorship. This campaign has also made America's terrorism problem worse: Al Qaeda has morphed and multiplied, and we are now at war with ISIS, which is largely a consequence of the U.S. invasion and occupation of Iraq.
In Europe, the United States foolishly tried to integrate Georgia and Ukraine into the West, precipitating an unnecessary crisis with Russia that upset the peace in eastern Europe and made it harder for Moscow and Washington to cooperate on other matters, like ending the bloodletting in Syria.
Spreading democracy, especially by force, almost always fails. It inevitably involves large-scale social engineering in societies that most Americans poorly understand. Dismantling and then replacing existing political institutions inevitably creates winners and losers, and the latter usually take up arms in opposition, which forces the U.S. military to wage costly counterinsurgency campaigns that are extremely difficult to win. The end result is precisely the sort of quagmire we faced in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The Trump administration should abandon liberal hegemony and adopt a realist foreign policy. Realism is chiefly concerned with America's position in the global balance of power, and it shuns doing social engineering inside other countries. Instead, Washington would respect the sovereignty of other states even when it disagrees with their internal policies. Americans prize their own sovereignty, which is why they recoiled at the idea that Russia might be interfering in the recent presidential election. The United States should treat other countries according to the same standard and respect their sovereignty as well.
Instead of trying to garrison the world and spread democracy, the Trump administration should concentrate on maintaining the balance of power in the three regions that are vital to U.S. security: Europe, East Asia and the Persian Gulf.
East Asia and Europe are important because they are the key centers of wealth and have long been home to the world's other great powers. The Persian Gulf is a core strategic interest, because it produces about 30 percent of the world's oil, which is a critical resource for the functioning of the global economy. America's main goal in each of these regions should be to prevent the rise of a regional hegemon.
The good news is that no country is strong enough to dominate Europe or the Gulf for the foreseeable future. Germany's power will decline over time, mainly because of its shrinking population, while Russia has similar demographic problems and an economy that is too dependent on gas and oil revenues. Even if Russia modernizes its economy and its population grows in the years ahead—big ifs—it will still be unable to project significant military power beyond eastern Europe. And even then, the Europeans themselves can afford to build the military forces necessary to check Moscow's ambitions. Thus, the Trump administration should encourage the Europeans to take responsibility for their own security, while gradually reducing the remaining U.S. troops there.
Trump should also make a concerted effort to improve relations with Russia, which is not a serious threat to American interests. Indeed, the two countries should be allies, as they have a common interest in combatting terrorism, ending the Syrian conflict and keeping Iran (and other countries) from acquiring nuclear weapons. Most importantly, the United States needs Russia to help contain a rising China. Given the history of competition between Russia and China, and the long border they share, Moscow is likely to join in this effort once Washington abandons the misguided foreign policy that has driven it closer to Beijing.
There is also no looming threat to dominate the Gulf, which means the new administration should move most of America's military forces out of that region and station them over the horizon. The United States would monitor the regional balance of power from afar, but only reintroduce troops in the event a potential hegemon appeared on the scene. This policy of offshore balancing, coupled with quitting the regime-change business, would also ameliorate America's terrorism problem, which is fueled in part by the U.S. military presence on Arab territory as well as the endless wars the United States has waged in the greater Middle East.
The Trump administration should let local powers deal with ISIS and limit its efforts to providing intelligence, training and arms. ISIS is a serious threat to them but a minor problem for America, and the only long-term solution is building better local institutions, something the United States cannot provide. Regarding Syria, Washington should let Moscow take the lead in shutting down that conflict, which means helping the Assad government reestablish control over most of the country. A Syria run by Assad poses no threat to the United States; indeed, both Democratic and Republican presidents have long experience dealing with the Assad regime. If the civil war continues it will be largely Moscow's problem.
The new president should also work to improve relations with Iran. It is not in the U.S. interest for Iran to abandon, or not renew, the nuclear deal it recently struck and race to acquire a bomb. Tehran is more likely to take that step if it fears an American attack. After all, nuclear weapons are the ultimate deterrent. Therefore, the United States should seek to mend fences with Iran to take away its main incentive for acquiring nuclear weapons.
There is bad news, however, and it concerns East Asia. If China continues its impressive rise, it is likely to try to dominate Asia the way the United States dominates the Western Hemisphere. The Trump administration must go to great lengths to prevent China from becoming a regional hegemon.
Ideally, Washington would rely on countries in Asia to contain China, but that strategy will not work. Not only is China likely to be far more powerful than its neighbors, but also they are located far from each other, making it difficult for them to form an effective balancing coalition. The United States will have to coordinate these efforts and throw its considerable weight behind them. American leadership is indispensable for dealing with an increasingly powerful China.
The fact that no country threatens to dominate either Europe or the Gulf is a blessing, as it not only allows Washington to concentrate its military forces in Asia, but also allows American policymakers to concentrate their strategic thinking on how to prevent China from becoming a peer competitor. That mission should be of paramount importance for the United States in the years ahead.
Unfortunately, it is not clear whether the Trump administration will be able to adopt the realist strategy described above. The foreign-policy community, which has deep roots and cuts across both of the major political parties, will go to enormous lengths to tame the new president and make sure he sticks with liberal hegemony.
Should it prevail, there will be more terrorism, more failed attempts to spread democracy, more lost wars, and more death and destruction across the greater Middle East. And most importantly, it will be difficult for the United States to concentrate on containing China, mainly because liberal hegemony sets no priorities. It calls for the American military to be everywhere. Let us hope Trump is able to defeat the Blob once he is in the White House, as easily as he did in the campaign.
Several Islamist extremist factions in Syria, including al Qaeda's branch in the country announced on Saturday they were joining forces, as militant infighting grips parts of Idlib, in northwestern Syria.
A statement issued online by the Islamist militant groups announced the formation of the Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (Liberation of the Levant Committee).
It said the alliance was formed to mend splits among radical insurgent groups and strengthen opposition to the Syrian state
Included in the signatories of the statement was the Nour al-Din al-Zinki group, infamous for its beheading of 13-year old Palestinian boy Abdullah Tayseer in Aleppo last year.
The group was one of many “vetted” organisations that were part of a US-backed alliance, and received arms including anti-tank missiles. The Nour al-Din al-Zinki movement and others have been accused of widespread atrocities and human rights abuses.
The other signatories were Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (Nusra Front) , Liwa al-Haqq, Jaish al-Sunna and Jabhat Ansar al-Din. Abu Jaber al-Shaykh – former leader of Ahrar al-Sham, is to be the leader of the alliance.
Abu Mohammed al-Joulani, leader of Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (Jabhat al-Nusra) has reportedly been selected as the general military leader of the new formation.
Jabhat al-Nusra declared in July 2016 its independence from Al-Qaeda, renaming itself to Jabhat Fateh al-Sham – but commentators believe the move was an effort to conceal the organisation's merging with western-backed opposition groups.
The well-armed Jabhat Fateh al-Sham this week launched attacks against more militant factions west of Aleppo and in the insurgent stronghold province of Idlib, and routed at least one Free Syrian Army faction.
Some groups fighting against the al-Qaeda affiliate also joined forces earlier in the week under another Western-backed Islamist group, Ahrar al-Sham.
Syria, the United Arab Emirates, Russia, Iran and Egypt have all designated Ahrar al-Sham as a terrorist organisation – however, the United States, Britain and others have so far not considered designating the group as such. In May 2016, the U.S., Britain, France, and Ukraine blocked a Russian proposal to the United Nations to blacklist Ahrar al-Sham as a terrorist group.
The two alliances formed on both sides of the militants' infighting underline reports that the foreign-backed groups fighting to topple the Syrian government are largely made up of extremists.
This split confirms what few Syrian analysts were saying: most rebels are infested with Jihadists. They are providing the proof #Syria. — Elijah J. Magnier (@EjmAlrai) January 28, 2017
On Saturday, Jabhat Fateh al-Sham took over at least one village from rebels in Idlib province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported.
Last year, an unnamed senior commander of the terrorist group al-Nusra Front said that the group had received weapons from the United States, according to an interview by German weekly news magazine, Focus.
Read more of the Latest Syria News
The Isle of Man has approved a gaming license for a blockchain lottery.
The ethereum-powered lottery was developed by Quanta, which describes the drawing as fully transparent and fair, with provably random results. Smart contracts manage the process from end to end, the company said.
Obtaining a license from a national government was part of Quanta's business development strategy, it said. The first step in its ticketing process verifies that the purchaser meets know-your-customer requirements.
The Isle of Man's Gambling Supervision Commission has been “an incredibly supportive regulator, committed to understanding our unique technology” said Lee Hills, chief operating officer of Quanta, in a press release.
At the same time, he said:
“[The commission is] maintaining absolute dedication to the principles of ensuring the Island's gambling industry remains crime free, protects the young and vulnerable, and ensures our services are fair and that players receive their true winnings.”
The lottery is available independently or as a white label product. Quantum does not appear to be operating an open lottery yet. The company was not immediately available for further comment.
“We are delighted to welcome a new company to one of the Island's fastest growing sectors,” Daphne Cain, a member of the island's Department of Economic Development, said in the release. “The Isle of Man's regulations and compliance procedures are specifically designed to accelerate cryptocurrency and e-Gaming industry growth on the Island.”
Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly provided the name of the company as Qanta. This has now been corrected.
Lottery balls photo from Shutterstock.
Federal prosecutors have joined together with attorneys for former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert to ask for a delay in the filing of pretrial motions by the defense.
The court filing said Hastert's lawyers may not need to raise "certain issues" in pretrial motions if the deadline is pushed back two weeks, giving the two sides more time for discussions they have been engaged in.
"This extension, if granted, will allow the parties time to address these issues and may therefore obviate the need for (Hastert) to raise, and the Court to address, these issues," the filing said.
It is unusual for the prosecution to join in a motion of that nature. Typically, if prosecutors don't object to such a delay, they would just allow the defense in its motion to make its position clear to the judge.
The court filing did not elaborate on the nature of the issues under discussion, but Hastert's Washington-based lawyer, Thomas Green, has twice lashed out in court over leaks in the case, calling allegations reported in the media of sexual abuse in Hastert's past "unconscionable" and saying a fair trial could be jeopardized. He has said he planned to file a motion seeking to dismiss the indictment on those grounds.
Green has also said the defense team will issue subpoenas seeking more information about Individual A, the mysterious figure who prosecutors say took cash from Hastert to keep quiet about a dark history with him.
"We have some serious things to say in these motions," Green said.
The indictment unsealed in late May alleges that Hastert agreed to make $3.5 million in hush-money payments to Individual A to cover up wrongdoing from decades ago during Hastert's time as a high school teacher and wrestling coach in Yorkville. According to the charges, Hastert lied about the reasons for his withdrawals of $952,000 in cash over the previous 2 1/2 years when the FBI questioned him in December.
Though the indictment only hints at the alleged wrongdoing, federal law enforcement sources have told the Tribune that Hastert was paying to cover up sexual abuse of a Yorkville High School student. The FBI also interviewed a second person who raised similar allegations against Hastert, sources said.
Similar information has surfaced in media outlets around the country, launching frenzied attempts to identify Individual A. But so far the person's identity remains a mystery.
Hastert has pleaded not guilty to one count each of evading currency reporting requirements and lying to the FBI and remains free on his own recognizance.
jmeisner@tribpub.com
Twitter @jmetr22b
Edinburgh Rugby's players are in open revolt against their managing director, David Davies, after he sacked the long-serving team manager. Lynsey Dingwall was a popular and efficient member of the backroom staff at Edinburgh Rugby yet she was given an hour to clear her desk after working at the club for 14 years.
The players sent an email to the board and the council of the Scottish Rugby Union (SRU) which Scotland on Sunday has seen. In the missive, sent on 23 March, the players offer their full support to Dingwall.
“We feel the dismissal of Lynsey Dingwall was unfair and unjustified,” the e-mail reads. “Lynsey was part of Edinburgh Rugby for 14 years. Over that period she worked tirelessly with and for the players and was hugely respected within the organisation. Numerous past coaches and players have commented that she was the best team manager that they have ever worked with. We feel she has been the victim of a personal attack.”
The email goes on to state that the players' views were not sought at the time the decision was made and furthermore that Davies had refused to meet his own players since showing Dingwall the door. In a damning attack on their own managing director, the players state: “We feel he doesn't have Edinburgh's best interests at heart and the players don't trust him.”
Scotland on Sunday offered Davies the right of reply but an SRU spokesman declined on his behalf and instead offered this statement: “Edinburgh Rugby has been restructuring its back-office functions over recent months and as a result two members of staff have left the business. Edinburgh Rugby thanks them for their contribution to the team's progress and wishes them well in the future. Everyone connected with Edinburgh Rugby is committed to developing a winning culture on, and off, the pitch and taking the club forward.”
According to one source, on the very same day that the players sent the email to the board and council, they were called into a meeting by SRU boss Mark Dodson, who laid down the law about who ran Scottish Rugby.
The players' email also mentioned a previous missive from former club physio Dan Moore, who has since returned to his native New Zealand of his own volition. On his final day of work, Moore had also sent a scathing email to the board and council, branding Dingwall's dismissal “a disgrace” and pointing out that since Davies, pictured, had adopted some of the roles previously filled by the manager there had been a comical waste of money. Davies had booked a bus for Murrayfield when the players had arranged to meet at the airport and on another occasion he booked umpteen bags into the aircraft hold when a man was already driving gear to the away game. In the final paragraph Moore comes to the same damning conclusion regarding Edinburgh's managing director.
“There is a lack of trust in David Davies amongst staff and players, and people are afraid to speak up due to their job security,” he said.
A culture of fear pervades Murrayfield and until a good reason is given for the sacking of a popular and efficient member of the Edinburgh management team, the lack of trust will only continue.
Age-related memory decline including spatial reference memory is considered to begin at middle-age and coincides with reduced adult hippocampal neurogenesis. Moreover, a dysfunction of vitamin A hippocampal signalling pathway has been involved in the appearance of age-related memory deficits but also in adult hippocampal neurogenesis alterations. The present study aims at testing the hypothesis that a mid-life vitamin A supplementation would be a successful strategy to prevent age-related memory deficits. Thus, middle-aged Wistar rats were submitted to a vitamin A enriched diet and were tested 4 months later in a spatial memory task. In order to better understand the potential mechanisms mediating the effects of vitamin A supplementation on hippocampal functions, we studied different aspects of hippocampal adult neurogenesis and evaluated hippocampal CRABP-I expression, known to modulate differentiation processes. Here, we show that vitamin A supplementation from middle-age enhances spatial memory and improves the dendritic arborisation of newborn immature neurons probably resulting in a better survival and neuronal differentiation in aged rats. Moreover, our results suggest that hippocampal CRABP-I expression which controls the intracellular availability of retinoic acid (RA), may be an important regulator of neuronal differentiation processes in the aged hippocampus. Thus, vitamin A supplementation from middle-age could be a good strategy to maintain hippocampal plasticity and functions.
Guest post by Daniel Vaughan UCLA undergraduate, judo brown belt under Mike Verdugo and BJJ black belt under Master Julio Cesar Pereira. Daniel is an instructor at M3Fight Academy.
With the rise in popularity of the heel hook in the BJJ community, we are going to take a look at a few ways to place your legs in the heel hook position (inverted heel hooks will be looked at in the future).
First, we are taking a look at the position of the legs from the inside. You reap the leg over, triangle your legs, then under hook the furthest leg with your leg. The under hooking leg can also be re-positioned to push on the persons the furthest leg to stretch them out to prevent the rolling escape.
Dean Lister is showing an inside leg position with a slight variation. Instead of triangling his legs and under hooking with it, he is over hooking with his leg and creating a diamond position. An advantage to this is that a rolling escape and scramble is nearly impossible after the leg positioning is locked in.
Eddie Cummings is showing the heel hook attack with an outside leg position. He underhooks with one leg on the inside and locks his heel on his opponents hip. This requires no reaping of the leg unlike the two shown above.
What's one thing we notice with each of these leg positions? When they are attacking they are protecting their own lower extremities. Each position we have seen above hides their feet from their opponent.
Here we see Gokor showing what can happen when we place our legs from the outside in a triangle position. The other person has options to attack your legs. Notice Eddie Cummings and his variation of the outside position. He is hiding one foot by tucking it underneath and keeping the heel locked to the hip, so there are no leg locks open for attack.
When attacking the heel hook, be sure to hide your legs from your opponent. These are just a few ways the legs can be positioned to attack while preventing attacks. What are some ways you position your legs while attacking the heel hook? Let us know.
“The only time we suffer is when we believe a thought that argues with what is. When the mind is perfectly clear, what is is what we want.” – Byron Katie
When I was a kid, I always felt compelled to play by the rules. I walked throughout the elementary school hallways when I wanted to run, waited for my parents to sort out my Halloween candy into rations before diving head deep into my pillowcase full of tootsie rolls, and even tried my best to control my self-expression (talking) throughout a decade and a half of schooling. Whenever I deviated from the particular socially accepted etiquette, I felt uncertain and uncomfortable.
As I got older, I noticed that many of the kids around me were breaking all sorts of rules. In the midst of the most awkward years of my life, middle school, bullying started to show its face. Cliques began to form and rebellion felt like a natural form of expression for others. Yet, I still was too damn chicken-shit to participate. I can still remember how I felt when I was sent to the principal for being part of a ‘food fight' in 4th grade. My food fight participation had more to do with fitting in as I sneakily tossed my empty Yoo-hoo box across the cafeteria.
That experience was followed by another rebellious one… I got a detention for drinking water during my freshman year of high school. Yea, I know what y'all are thinking? This dude is an absolute REBEL. Well….not exactly.
While I did feel quite alive after ‘participating' in the food fight and confused about my 9th grade history teacher's water policy, I did know this: I was continuously looking for permission before I acted.
Moving forward, this behavior began to clearly seek deeper repercussions than the detention and short suspension for the chocolate milk throwing and the rebellious water drinking.
Imagine creating a belief that said behaving in a certain way would prevent you from being judged, getting in trouble, or face rejection? Would you be inclined to behave like this?
For about a quarter of century, that was a belief that I held closer than that pillowcase of Halloween candy.
I was constantly seeking permission. Am I allowed to do this or explore that? I needed rules…..I craved ultimate certainty that what I was doing was ‘correct'.
I believed that what I would see others do, wear, and act was how I was supposed to act. Everything that I was told, I believed. I was completely under the control of my environment and surrounds, or so I thought.
So what did I sacrifice in order to seek permission?
As I began to form my own thoughts around societal influences, I noticed how disconnected I actually was from my core truths. I sought permission from others to act in a way that they found ‘acceptable' while looking for the behavioral choices that would lead me towards acceptance and out of trouble.
During year twenty six, I decided that it may be time to disrupt the rabblement. What would happen if I decided to grant myself permission?
What if I allowed myself to be: MYSELF.
Without allowing fears, doubts, or rules guide my actions. What would life look like?
I gave myself permission to:
Go to bed at 11pm. Give up alcohol entirely. Travel without plans. Speak before thinking. Be kinder to myself and others. Express my desires to women openly and honestly. Embrace my emo-bro side.
I gave myself PERMISSION to shine. I gave myself PERMISSION to be me.
I can't grant you the permission that you're seeking. Your best friend, parents, or significant other don't have the power to give you this right either. That permission must come from within.
As a young brave girl from a dove ad awareness campaign said, “The things that make us feel insecure are the things that make us different. But the things that make us different, are the things that make us unique. And that is what makes us beautiful.”
I give myself permission to ______________.
We'd love to hear you courageously share what you are ready to give yourself permission to do in the comments below!
Photo by Garrett
JERUSALEM — US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in Jerusalem on Tuesday during Israel's conflict in Gaza that Washington's commitment to the Jewish state's security remains “rock solid.”
But the top US diplomat also stressed that Washington expected a quick de-escalation to a seven-day conflict that has shaken the already volatile region and now threatens to spill over into an all-out ground war.
“The American commitment to Israel's security is rock solid and unwavering,” Clinton said at a brief press appearance with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu before the two entered closed-door talks.
“That is why we believe it is essential to de-escalate the situation” in the Palestinian territory, said Clinton, who welcomed Egyptian mediation efforts.
Clinton was speaking only moments into a regional tour that will also take her on Wednesday to the West Bank city of Ramallah and on to Cairo for talks with Egypt's President Mohamed Morsi.
Her arrival in Jerusalem coincided with furious speculation that a Gaza truce announcement by the two sides was in the works and could come as early as Tuesday night.
But Clinton made no reference to an agreement to end hostilities and indicated that she expected negotiations to stretch over several days.
“In these days ahead, the United States will work with our partners here in Israel and across the region for an outcome that bolsters security for the peace of Israel, improves conditions for the people of Gaza and moves toward a comprehensive peace for all people of the region,” said Clinton.
She also reaffirmed Washington's message that much of the onus rested on a Hamas leadership which rules Gaza but is officially branded a terrorist network by the United States.
“The rocket attacks from terrorist organisations inside Gaza on these (Israeli) cities and towns must end and a broader calm restored,” said Clinton.
“The goal must be a durable outcome that promotes regional stability and advances the security and legitimate aspirations of Israelis and Palestinians alike.”
Netanyahu for his part said he was ready to agree to a “long-term solution” as long as the rocket attacks from Gaza stopped.
“If there's a possibility of achieving a long-term solution for this problem by diplomatic means, we prefer it. But if not, I'm sure you understand that Israel will have to take every action necessary to defend its people,” he said.
Chatterjee reports: "President Barack Obama personally helped Shell obtain authorization to drill for oil in Alaska, according to a 4,678 word front page articles in The New York Times. This is a startling break from decades-long US policy which regarded the environment in the Arctic region too fragile to tamper with."
President Barack Obama speaks during the sixth annual Wounded Warrior Project's Soldier Ride, 04/20/12. (photo: Getty Images)
How Obama Helped Authorize Shell's Drilling the Arctic
By Pratap Chatterjee, CorpWatch
resident Barack Obama personally helped Shell obtain authorization to drill for oil in Alaska, according to a 4,678 word front page articles in the New York Times. This is a startling break from decades long U.S. policy which regarded the environment in the Arctic region too fragile to tamper with.
“(T)he president concluded that the reward was worth the risk, and created an unusual interagency group, overseen by a midlevel White House aide, to clear Shell's path through the often fractious federal regulatory bureaucracy,” write John Broder and Clifford Krauss.
In November 2010, almost two years after he was elected, Obama told William K. Reilly and Carol M. Browner, two former heads of the Environmental Protection Agency, what he wanted them to do. “Where are you coming out on the offshore Arctic?” he asked. “What that told me,” Reilly told the New York Times, “was that the president had already gotten deeply into this issue and was prepared to go forward.”
The article describes the clash between two powerful men, Edward Itta, the former mayor of Inupiat North Slope Borough, and Pete Slaiby, Shell Alaska vice president. The story is already the basis of a new book, “The Eskimo and the Oil Man: The Battle at the Top of the World for America's Future,” by Bob Reiss.
Shell spent over $35 million lobbying for the permission during the Obama adminstration. Marvin Odum, president of Shell North America, and Sara B. Glenn, a lobbyist, visited the White House 19 times to meet with Obama's staff.
Some environmental groups are astonished at Obama's role. “We never would have expected a Democratic president — let alone one seeking to be ‘transformative' — to open up the Arctic Ocean for drilling,” Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club told the New York Times.
Protests against Shell's plan have been ongoing for years. On Wednesday, activists launched two reports at the company's annual meeting in the Hague. “Risking Ruin : Shell's dangerous developments in the Tar Sands, Arctic, and Nigeria report” by the Indigenous Environmental Network (IEN) and “Out in the Cold – Investor Risk in Shell's Arctic Exploration” from Platform, Greenpeace and FairPensions.
“Our village has been there 4000 years. Our biggest concern is spilled oil getting into the ocean and affecting the marine mammals that we depend upon. Your clean-up ability is not adequate,” Robert Thompson, a village of Kaktovik on the edge of the Arctic Ocean in Alaska, told shareholders.
Others indigenous activists spoke out also about Shell's impact in other countries. “Shell has failed to address our concerns in Canada's tar sands, by not meeting environmental standards and past agreements, and refusing to address their impacts on our constitutionally-protected treaty rights, leaving us with no option but to sue them,” said Eriel Deranger from Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation (ACFN). “Our Chief has said ‘Enough is enough!' We fully intend to challenge all Shell's future projects until they can demonstrate a true willingness to implement our rights.”
According to a report from the UK Tar Sand Network, five protestors wearing masks that combined Shell's logo with a skull stood silently throughout the meeting reminding the shareholders of the grave human rights and environmental injustices Shell has brought to communities in Nigeria, Rossport (Ireland), the Arctic and Canada.
There are many stocks and sectors in the financial markets that are considered to be defensive investment plays, but gun companies are in a special category.
People who invest in companies that produce guns and ammo are often betting that an extreme shock in the USA can lead to higher sales for both.
Historically when a new Democrat gets elected into the White House there has been a short-term burst in gun sales as gun owners and members of the NRA fear that such a person will begin stricter gun laws that will ban certain types of weapons and ammunition. Those sales help gun companies make more money, which can help make their stock prices go up.
And in the past few years we have seen short-term spikes in gun sales following tragic mass shootings like the one that happened at Sandy Hook and in Orlando this year. The Sandy Hook shooting in 2012 resulted in the terrible shooting of twenty children, but created an immediate boom in gun sales as people feared tougher gun ownership laws would appear.
Today there also is a sense of fear and dread in the air in the United States that is becoming noticeable with a spreading social meme of fear and bursts of mass panics occurring in the country in the past few months.
We have seen this in talk of crazy clowns and a few panic freak outs in shopping malls that have happened when people stampeded out of the mall in fear of a shooting incident that turned out to be a false alarm. People are on edge and on trigger.
There are many people getting into prepping for some future catastrophe, whether it be a terrorist attack or a simple stock market bear market financial drop that brings more hardships and rioting. The reality is that today's world rests on an empire of debt and everyone knows it.
The simple bet many are making to protect themselves from future financial shock events is to simply invest in gold. Silver and gold are going up anyway as the precious metals market began a new bull market in the first quarter of this year, even though it has had a pullback in the past few months. I myself really believe that the best stocks to buy now are gold stocks.
In this environment you might be wondering if you should invest in gun companies though.
The biggest gun company you can buy on the stock market is Smith and Wesson so let's take a look at its stock chart.
As you can see shares of Smith and Wesson, which trade under the symbol SWHC have risen over the past few years.
People love to buy stocks the more they go up, but you really need a strategy to be able to buy and sell stocks.
I use simple technical analysis and stage analysis to make those decisions.
When I do that it is clear to me that SWHC is in some sort of stage three topping process. Now it has come down to its 200-day moving average, which often does act as a good buy point when a stock is in a big bull market, but when that stops working then you know the trend has become more negative.
This has not happened yet, however from the stand point of using relative strength investing strategies there are danger signs.
Relative strength means looking for stocks that are going up more than the market is going up and fall less when the market does.
This can change and when a stock is performing better than the market averages then it is time to own it. SWHC did this in 2015.
But when a stock starts to lag the market by going down faster than the market does and then having weak rallies it can become dangerous to continue to hold the stock.
These things do change from time to time, but as of August SWHC started to do just that.
So this is a different time. Most of the time you want to buy SWHC and other gun stocks into the election of a new Democratic President, and with Hillary Clinton leading the polls that seems likely to happen again, but this time the relative strength performance of SWHC compared to the S&P 500 and Nasdaq is not doing well.
So this is a time to watch SWHC for now and not be a big buyer in it at this moment in my opinion based on this warning sign.
If you are new to this website then get on my free email update list for more information and future actionable ideas. To do that just scroll below.
Comparing toughness is not a neutral or accurate way to contrast their policy differences, either. The Washington Post's Anne Gearan writes, “Again and again, Clinton pointed to instances overseas where she would have taken a tougher stance than Obama, from arming Syrian rebels to confronting an expansionist Russia.” In that formulation, “tougher” is used as a synonym for hawkish or interventionist.
In reality, neither disagreement turned on differing notions of how “tough” the U.S. ought to be. With regard to arming the Syrian rebels, for example, debate focused partly on whether U.S. weapons might fall into the hands of foreign jihadists. A president would oppose such a policy if he wanted the U.S. to be maximally “tough” in advancing its interests but also believed that arming the Syrian rebels was likely to fail as a strategy while ceding U.S. weapons to Islamist militants.
With regard to Iran, where Obama and Clinton both support the nuclear deal, the real difference is that Obama speaks diplomatically. Clinton is more bellicose, which is to say, more conspicuously vocal about her aggression and willingness to fight. But again, bellicosity has a negative connotation, so the more accurate word goes unused. Calling her rhetoric sharper or more pointed would be better than “tougher.”
These distinctions matter. Most Americans, myself included, want the United States to have a lot of muscle to deter others from attacking us and to defend ourselves when necessary; we want a leader who is tough in the sense of being strong and determined; and when our interests, guided by justice, necessitate war, we want everyone going out to kill the enemy to be well-trained and tough as hell.
It's no wonder that those words have positive connotations.
They also have denotations.
The reporters using them would never assert that Clinton's foreign-policy speech shows that she is stronger and more determined than Obama, knowing it shows no such thing.
But that's what “tougher” means.
When a foreign-policy choice like Iraq came along, and Hillary Clinton joined George W. Bush and Dick Cheney in denouncing Saddam Hussein in the sharpest terms and favoring a war of choice, some presciently saw that those hawks, sitting in their Washington, D.C., offices, weren't “muscular” or “tough,” and neither were their policies. As a matter of conventional military strength, the U.S. was orders of magnitude more muscular than Iraq. There are no tougher soldiers than Americans in the field. But going to war cost the United States more blood and treasure than any of its proponents anticipated, and it stumbled into a quagmire partly because so many mistakenly equated hawkish interventionism with “muscularity” and “toughness,” even as they conflated anti-war arguments with weakness. In the end, the Iraq War left many of America's muscles ruined and made the nation far less “tough” from the perspective of the Iranians, who gained much leverage.
I don't expect ostensibly neutral political reporters to savage Clinton's foreign-policy statements. But neither should they adopt the assumptions of neoconservative ideologues, conflating her bellicose hawkishness with toughness and muscularity. The consequences of that error have been too dire and too recent to risk repeating.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel plans to increase the cigarette tax by 75 cents a pack -- a move that would raise total taxes to $7.42-per-pack, giving Chicago the highest rate in the nation.
The proposal was reported by The Chicago Sun-Times. With the cost of a pack of cigarettes between $4 and $5, the tax would push the total cost well above $11.
Plus, according to the Sun-Times, smokers are already driving across state lines to Wisconsin and Indiana for cheaper cigarettes -- and that could continue. The report said Chicago's cigarette tax revenue has fallen over the years, amid the tax hikes -- from a 2006 high of $32.9 million to $16.5 million now.
Since 2006, Chicago's cigarette tax has been fixed at 68 cents a pack. This was after back-to-back increases of 20 and 32 cents a pack. The state and county each added on $1 over the last 18 months.
Emanuel reportedly plans to use the estimated $10 million in revenue toward expanding a vision and eye-care program now serving 30,000 Chicago Public School students. He also plans to invest more heavily in after-school and summer jobs programs for at-risk youth.
The mayor will present his proposed budget in his annual budget address on Oct. 23.
On Wednesday, the 17-member organization team led by Amtrak, Brandywine Realty Trust, Drexel University, PennDOT and SEPTA that is developing a comprehensive plan for the 30th Street Station District will unveil three diagrams to the public presenting differing ideas and concepts for the long-dreamt about area surrounding the train station.
PlanPhilly got a chance to preview the diagrams last week with Amtrak spokesman Craig Schulz and Natalie Shieh, Project Director for the 30th Street Station District Plan. Along with representatives from the rest of the team, Amtrak will host an open house at 30th Street Station Wednesday June 17, from 4:00 P.M to 7:00 P.M., and is looking for lots of public feedback.
Before I start spoiling the diagrams, a quick word on why I'm carefully using the term “diagram” and the purpose of Wednesday's event:
The 30th Street Station District team has produced three diagrams offering a wide range of different elements that could ultimately find their way into a final plan for the district. As Inga Saffron wrote about the four diagrams for LOVE Park's redesign, these aren't designs or plans – which imply finality or the sense that the public should pick one favorite over the others – but rather diagrams offering a menu of different options and design elements for the public to weigh in on. Should the new District create a park overlooking the waterfront? Should the plan focus on building urban campuses ala the Navy Yard, or the kind of mixed-use development found today right across the Schuylkill? Should building a new pedestrian bridge be a priority?
If you participate in the open house, the idea isn't to pick which of the three diagrams you like most, but to highlight the elements in each that are noteworthy for their merits, or lack thereof (knowing which ideas are bad is just as important as knowing which are good).
The diagrams are divided into three themes: “Central Business District 2” (CBD 2), a Center City-meets-University City Science Center type office district featuring a Schuylkill-fronting park above a decked-over I-76; “Schuylkill Crossing”, a more residential, mixed-use neighborhood emphasizing multi-modal transportation, and; “Innovation City”, an R&D campus matching Drexel's “Innovation Neighborhood” that uses innovative building design to bridge rail yards centered around a centrally-located public space modeled after Chicago's Millennium Park.
OUT OF SIGHT? NO ONE WILL MIND... RIGHT?
All three of the diagrams call for capping parts of the rail yards and highways to the north and west of 30th Street Stations, although the amount of coverage varies. As I noted when the planning process for the 30th Street Station District kicked off in January, building over the rail yards is a tremendously expensive proposition that can only be economically justified by relatively high property values (absent the sort of massive public investment Philadelphia hasn't seen since the Centennial). And turning Mantua into one of Philadelphia's pricier neighborhoods would be a necessary prerequisite to achieving those elevated property values.
That's a tricky proposition wrought with uncomfortable implications for gentrification and the potential for displacing lower income residents. To the District Plan team's credit, Shieh says they have been working with Councilwoman Jannie Blackwell, who represents the area, to reach out to area residents, notifying local community groups and posting flyers.
Unless the politiicians and planners can develop a sensible, realistic response to address the socio-economic ramifications of transforming Mantua from one of Philly's poorest neighborhoods into one of its poshest over the next twenty five years, these plans risk engendering significant local opposition. So far, such a response to the area's gentrification has been an afterthought.
The diagrams also feature proposals to expand the station itself, create new retail spaces, expanded entrances and more.
NO TUNNEL, BUT STILL LOTS TO LOVE
Notably, none of the three diagrams includes plans to reopen the underground tunnel connecting 30th Street Station and SEPTA's Market-Frankford Line, despite a fairly loud call for it. Closed decades ago and now covered by Bridgewater's Pub, the tunnel once allowed Amtrak and Regional Rail riders to walk to the MFL station without braving the elements or the sometimes-aggressive traffic on 30th Street. All of the diagrams address that later concern by placing a head house with access to the MFL station on the Eastern side of 30th Street, obviating the need to cross the street.
Perhaps what's most notable about all of these proposals is their scale. In a city long accustomed to settling for the cheaper, less-transformative option, the partnership behind the 30th Street District Plan is daring to dream big. Really big. The most conservative vision, the Innovation City, still aims to create a massive new neighborhood in the heart of Philadelphia.
This sort of vision has come and gone in the past, proffered by a daydreaming architect or overly ambitious design students. Why should long-jaded Philadelphia dreamers treat this planning process any differently?
It comes back to that 17-member team that bridges federal, state and local government plus the for- and non-profit sectors, including Drexel University. Drexel's President, John Fry, transformed University City as Penn's Executive President, and has plans for Drexel to make that impressive act seem like little more than an opening band before the headliner take the stage.
“We are daring to be great,” said Amtrak's Shieh. “Absolutely, let's do something great here. Let's not let the pragmatism… shy us away from that aspiration. But, have it inform [us] in a really smart way.”
Just what that aspiration ends up looking like depends on part on you. If you can't make the Open House Wednesday, you can still offer some feedback by emailing .
MELVILLE, N.Y., August 25, 2016 – Canon U.S.A., Inc., a leader in digital imaging solutions, announced today the new Canon EOS 7D Mark II Kit, featuring the new SD card-sized Wi-Fi® Adapter W-E1. This new Wi-Fi adapter, when placed in the camera's SD card slot, provides the EOS 7D Mark II with Wi-Fi capabilitiesi like easy transferring of images and MP4 videos as well as use of the Canon Camera Connect App for remote capture of still images via a compatible smartphone or tablet.ii
The Wi-Fi Adapter W-E1 will be sold with the EOS 7D Mark II body as well as sold separately, and can also be used with the EOS 5DS and 5DS R as well as previously purchased EOS 7D Mark II camerasiii. When used with EOS 5DS and 5DS R cameras, the Wi-Fi Adapter W-E1 functionality is limited to the transfer of still images only. The W-E1 will support 802.11 b, g and n using the 2.4 GHz band.
Additionally, for the first time the EOS 7D Mark II camera will be conveniently bundled with the Canon EF-S 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM lens. This lens has been optimized for high-speed autofocusing when shooting stills and quiet and smooth zoom when shooting video. This is the first Canon lens equipped with Nano USM technology providing high-speed autofocus for shooting stills and silent, smooth autofocus when shooting video. The Canon EF-S 18-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM Lens also provides up to four stops of optical image stabilization.
The new Canon EOS 7D Mark II Lens Kit is currently scheduled to be available in October 2016 for an estimated retail price of $2,449.00*, with the body-only version also currently scheduled to be available in October 2016 for an estimated retail price of $1,849*. The Wi-Fi Adapter W-E1 is scheduled to be available in early September 2016 for an estimated retail price of $50.00*. A firmware update to enable compatibility with the W-E1 for previously purchased cameras is currently scheduled to be available in early September 2016 for the EOS 7D Mark II camera and November 2016 for the EOS 5DS and 5DS R cameras.
For more information: http://www.usa.canon.com/
About Canon U.S.A., Inc.
Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean (excluding Mexico) markets. With approximately $31 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc. (NYSE:CAJ), ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2015† and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2016. Canon U.S.A. is committed to the highest level of customer satisfaction and loyalty, providing 100 percent U.S.-based consumer service and support for all of the products it distributes. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. In 2014, the Canon Americas Headquarters secured LEED® Gold certification, a recognition for the design, construction, operations and maintenance of high-performance green buildings. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. For media inquiries, please contact pr@cusa.canon.com.
# # #
† Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office.
All referenced product names, and other marks, are trademarks of their respective owners.
i The Wi-Fi Adapter W-E1 must be inserted into the available SD card slot. The W-E1 does not have storage and is not designed to record images. To record and store images, a CompactFlash card must be used in the dedicated CF card slot.
ii Compatible with iOS® versions 8.0/8.1/8.2/8.3/8.4/9.0/9.1/9.2/9.3, Android™ smartphone and tablet versions 4.1/4.2/4.3/4.4/5.0/5.1/6.0. Data charges may apply with the download of the free Canon Camera Connect app. This app helps enable you to upload images to social media services. Please note that image files may contain personally identifiable information that may implicate privacy laws. Canon disclaims and has no responsibility for your use of such images. Canon does not obtain, collect or use such images or any information included in such images through this app.
iii EOS 7D Mark II, EOS 5DS and EOS 5DS R cameras that have already been purchased separately require a firmware update to utilize the Wi-Fi Adapter W-E1.
* Availability, prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. Actual prices are set by individual dealers and may vary.
Abstract
Hippocampal neurogenesis, important for memory and mood function, wanes greatly in old age. Studies in rat models have implied that this decrease is not due to loss of neural stem cells (NSCs) in the subgranular zone of the dentate gyrus (DG) but rather due to an increased quiescence of NSCs. Additional studies have suggested that changes in the microenvironment, particularly declines in the concentrations of neurotrophic factors, underlie this change. In this study, we compared the expression of 84 genes that are important for NSC proliferation and neurogenesis between the DG of young (4 months old) and aged (24 months old) Fischer 344 rats, using a quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction array. Interestingly, the expression of a vast majority of genes that have been reported previously to positively or negatively regulate NSC proliferation was unaltered with aging. Furthermore, most genes important for cell cycle arrest, regulation of cell differentiation, growth factors and cytokine levels, synaptic functions, apoptosis, cell adhesion and cell signaling, and regulation of transcription displayed stable expression in the DG with aging. The exceptions included increased expression of genes important for NSC proliferation and neurogenesis (Stat3 and Shh), DNA damage response and NF-kappaB signaling (Cdk5rap3), neuromodulation (Adora1), and decreased expression of a gene important for neuronal differentiation (HeyL). Thus, age-related decrease in hippocampal neurogenesis is not associated with a decline in the expression of selected genes important for NSC proliferation and neurogenesis in the DG.
Well done, great addition to my tool belt.
I've been using AD FastReporter Pro for about 6 months. I happened into it in my search for continued support with ADinfo by CJWdev, who vanished into thin air somewhere. Due to his disappearance I was stuck without a tool and an impending regulatory audit and AD FastReporter came to the rescue.
I use this for auditing purposes both for internal audits and regulatory audits. It has so far been great for this. It allows the creation of custom reports and even allows for saving of older reports for reference if you need to try and track a change or compare current information to older information. Every report is easy to customize to help get the info you need. There are plenty of pre-built reports as well that should fit most any need out of the box. Reports are exportable to csv, xlsx, and html as well as the ability to queue up an email right from within the application.
My only complaint and it's personal preference possibly... I don't care for the tabbed viewing of reports. It's not super clear to me that a report is opened in a tab and I find myself very consistently closing out of the entire application to exit out of a single report. I would like to see the tabbed interface more clearly indicate that you are in a tabbed interface and which tab you are on. It's there, but it's very strangely implemented. The tab's are at the bottom and the button to close the report is in the center top of the screen. I think the tabs should be at the top and contrasted with the rest of the application and individually closed with an x on each tab (think web browser).
Overall Great Job, still needs a few small tweaks. :D
--Brandon Hill (Source)
James Bond movies are famous not only for the gadgets that were used, but also by the nifty ways that Bond would always survive to the craziest of attacks, and without ruining his attire. Most of these gadgets or safety devices were concealed beneath Bond's vehicles or gear, in a way that would only pop up when needed. Apple seems to think that it could use this same mentality to save you a few bucks in iPhone repairs with its new patents.
Apple has just filed for an automated mechanism for protecting the iPhone display, and it looks like something right out of the movies. The idea is that if the iPhone detects that it's on free-fall, tiny polymer tabs that are hidden within the device's chassis will pop up and act as shocks that will protect the display from the fall. These tabs will pop up through a rotary mechanism within the iPhone, and it seems that they'll respond to a few other patents that allowed the iPhone's accelerometer to detect when on free-fall.
Yes, this is one of those patents that we'd love to see to believe, but if Apple pulls this off, it'll gain some happy customers.
Source: USPTO
Via: Cult Of Mac
Six years after the Conservative government pulled the plug on the Portrait Gallery of Canada, momentum is building to restart the project and make it a legacy of Canada's 150th birthday.
A group of local politicians, including Environment Minister Catherine McKenna and Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson, toured the shuttered former U.S. embassy across from Parliament Hill this week. Ottawa MP McKenna has pledged to hold consultations about the building, which has been vacant for 18 years.
On Friday, she said she is excited about the possibilities.
“I have heard a lot from the residents of Ottawa about a possible portrait gallery in the space, both recently and during my campaign. With the upcoming 150th birthday of our country, the public's attention is focused on the nation's capital, and it would be great to give this space new life.”
Liberal Senator Serge Joyal, one of the original proponents of the portrait gallery when Jean Chrétien's Liberals were in power, was also on the tour.
Joyal said he believes the timing is perfect to restart the portrait gallery project and leave it as a legacy of Canada's 150th birthday next year — similar to the way the National Arts Centre marked Centennial year in 1967.
“I feel the planets are more or less aligned now that we have that celebration,” said Joyal.
“Besides the hoopla and fireworks, there has to be a permanent legacy. This would be as important for Canada as the NAC was in 1967.”
McKenna has indicated there will be public consultations, but Joyal said he hopes, given the work already done on the building and the importance of Canada's portrait collection, that a political decision can soon be made to restart work on the gallery.
He called the portrait gallery's collection of more than 20,000 paintings, drawings, prints and photographs “a treasure trove,” and a “reflection of who we are as a people.”
Portrait galleries in Washington, London and elsewhere are often the most popular galleries, he said, because people are drawn to portraits and the stories they tell. “It is not without reason that around the world the portrait galleries are the most attended museums.”
Joyal said he and former senator Jerry Grafstein convinced the Chretien government to turn the former embassy into a portrait gallery.
Work was well under way when the Conservative government shut the project down in 2006. About $11 million had been spent to prepare the building to become a portrait gallery. More than a million has also been spent maintaining the abandoned building.
The former Tory government initially talked about putting a portrait gallery in Calgary, partly funded by energy company EnCana. Later, they invited nine cities to bid on the gallery, but that plan was scrapped.
Joyal said there would not be time to complete the project for 2017, even if it is approved quickly. But work could begin and a small exhibition space could be opened inside during Canada's 150th celebration to give the public some idea of the “wealth of the portraits” and what the finished gallery would look like.
“There is momentum, “ he said. “Really, for the first time, since the day the project was abandoned in 2006, I feel rejuvenated. This is such an important thing to build for the future.”
epayne@postmedia.com
It's a big week for Apple. On Monday the iPhone-maker unveiled the latest addition to its ecosystem of devices, a smartwatch whose price will range from $350 to $18,000. On Tuesday, the company kicks off its annual shareholders' meeting in Cupertino, Calif.
But there's more. In an exclusive interview with Fortune, Apple's human resources chief Denise Young Smith said the company is partnering with several non-profit organizations on a multi-year, multi-million-dollar effort to increase the pipeline of women, minorities, and veterans in the technology industry—and, of course, at Apple.
“We wanted to create opportunities for minority candidates to get their first job at Apple,” said Young Smith, who took over as its head of HR a little over a year ago. (Before her current role, the longtime Apple exec spent a decade running recruiting for the retail side of the business.) “There is tremendous upside to that and we are dogged about the fact that we can't innovate without being diverse and inclusive.”
Young Smith likes to say that diversity extends race and gender—Apple wants its employee base to also reflect different lifestyles and sexual orientations. (Last fall, CEO Tim Cook publicly acknowledged that he is gay—the first Fortune 500 chief executive to do so while holding the title.) But, at least for now, its diversity initiatives are mostly focused on expanding its pipeline of women and minorities.
To that end, the company is partnering with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, a non-profit that supports students enrolled in public, historically black colleges and universities (known as HBCUs). These schools include North Carolina A&T State University, Howard University, and Grambling State University (where Young Smith earned a bachelor's degree in communications and journalism in 1978). All told, there are 100 HBCUs across the country—47 of them are considered public—and collectively they graduate nearly 20% of African-Americans who earn undergraduate degrees.
“Historically, other organizations have provided scholarship dollars or focused on whatever area matters most to them,” says Johnny Taylor, president and CEO of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. “What differentiates this partnership with Apple is that it hits on everything that we do—it is the most comprehensive program ever offered to an HBCU organization.”
Courtesy: Apple
According to Taylor, it is also the largest: Apple is committing over $40 million to the fund, which will use the money to create a database of computer science majors at HBCUs, train both students and faculty and offer scholarships. Apple will also create a paid internship program for particularly promising students.
“People are at Harvard and MIT looking for their students,” says Taylor. “But Apple said, there are some really talented individuals at these [HBCU] schools.”
Apple is also partnering with another non-profit, the National Center for Women and Information Technology (NCWIT), to help create a broader pipeline of female technology workers. According to Lucy Sanders, CEO and co-founder of the organization, this isn't the first time the device maker is teaming up with the non-profit, but this latest round has much broader ambitions and represents the largest single investment NCWIT has received to date—to the tune of about $10 million, which will be doled out over the course of four years. The goal? To double the number of four-year-degree recipients supported by NCWIT's internships, scholarships and other resources, and to reach 10,000 middle school girls over the next few years.
Again, the organization's leader says Apple's investment is different in that it is bigger and more far-reaching than previous corporate donors. Says Sanders: “A lot of actitivies are one and done, but this is a longitudinal experience throughout the pipeline.”
Of course, Apple's not the only heavyweight pouring significant dollars into these organizations—NCWIT, for example, is also funded by Google, Microsoft and Symantec, and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund has received significant grants from the likes of Wal-Mart and the National Basketball Association. There's also Intel, which announced it will devote $300 million to science and technology education, primarily for girls and minorities, earlier this year.
To hear Apple tell it, the focus isn't so much on the dollar amount but more on the approach, which Young Smith calls “thoughtful.” (Leave it to Apple to think different.)
In addition to the over $50 million that will be poured into the organizations mentioned above, Young Smith says Apple is talking to military leaders to come up with a way to provide technology training and specialized onboarding programs for veterans. No word on how much money Apple will devote to this effort.
“In any of these programs we're really trying to provide focus, impact and a ripple effect–not just on Apple,” Young Smith says.
The real effect of these efforts, however—whether Apple's or Intel's—likely won't be felt for a number of years. But while last year seemed to be all about technology companies admitting they have a diversity problem, this year seems to be the time for them to finally put their money where their mouth is. Just like Apple's new Watch, it's a development that has been a long time coming.
Watch more about the Apple event from Fortune:
The Labor Department has formally adopted a $10.10 an hour minimum wage for federal contractors and their subcontractors, placing them far above the current national minimum wage of $7.25.
The new wage will take effect for all contracts signed after Jan. 1 as well as extensions or renewals of existing contracts. It will be indexed to inflation in future years.
The higher minimum will cover contracts related to everything from construction projects to providing food concessions and child care on government facilities.
President Obama originally signed an executive order calling for the higher wage in February. The new wage level matches the one the Senate Democrats have proposed in national legislation that has stalled in Congress.
The White House has used its control over federal contracting as a way to advance policies and issues that it hasn't been able to get accomplished through Congress.
"By raising the minimum wage for workers on federal contracts, we're rewarding a hard day's work with fair pay. This action will also benefit taxpayers. Boosting wages lowers turnover and increases morale, and will lead to higher productivity," Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said in the official announcement.
“A blank canvas…has unlimited possibilities.”
~Stephanie Perkins
The human form is the perfect temporary canvas. The lines…the curves…they all lend themselves to amazing one of a kind art.
This particular painting was done by Living Brush in Greensboro NC for a First Friday art show. I was painted beforehand to model one of Madelyn's awesome costume/headdresses. Madelyn is one half of Living Brush. She is a fantastic person and artist of all kinds!
“Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.”
~Oscar Wilde
When you're going to be walking around in front of children,etc then you must have appropriate coverup. I'm not typically painted in underwear….I believe this is my only experience with that. It's a tad but different from being completely naked. It's not as freeing but it's still fun.
The event was hosted at Chakras Spa and we had a great turn out! Lots of my friends came and we had a blast! My job was basically just to walk around and look awesome!
I walked around downtown Greensboro for a while before the event. I got a ton of weird looks,comments (good and bad) and I posed for pictures with many people and tour groups. I mean…I stood out just a tad 🙂
“Blessed are the weird people:
poets, misfits, writers
mystics, painters, troubadours
for they teach us to see the world through different eyes.”
~Jacob Nordby
One model was painted during the event. It was fun to watch that happen as well.
“If you could say it in words, there would be no reason to paint.”
~Edward Hopper
All professional photos by Bill Welch Photography
Until Next Time…
In paint,
~Moonkitty
Advertisements
The U.S. Senate and House have passed a student loan bill President Obama will almost certainly sign. Bipartisanship lives! But don't get too excited. Heck, don't get excited at all: The bill will only deliver minor tweaks to a system that needs elimination, not a screw or two turned a little harder.
The bill, which ties interest rates on federal student loans to 10-year Treasury notes, certainly makes more sense than having Congress arbitrarily set a rate. Student loan rates moving with overall interest rates — not stuck well above or below them — makes sense if you are trying to balance the government's need for revenue with a desire to furnish loans more cheaply than students would otherwise be able to get them. For supporters of such programs, getting this should have been simple, which is why — despite significant fighting — it ultimately got done.
Federal student aid is largely self-defeating when it comes to prices, and likely hurts low-income people more than anyone else.
The big problem is such programs should not be supported. If the evidence shows us anything, it is that federal student aid is largely self-defeating when it comes to prices, and likely hurts low-income people more than anyone else.
The price problem is easy to understand. Give everyone an extra dollar to buy a hot dog, and what will wiener vendors do? Raise their prices! Essentially the same thing has been happening in higher education for decades.
According to data from the College Board, the inflation-adjusted cost of tuition, fees, room, and board at private four-year colleges rose from $16,745 in the 1982-83 school year, to $39,518 in 2012-13, an increase of $22,773. At four-year public institutions, it rose from $7,510 to $17,860, a $10,350 leap.
How about aid? In 1982-83 year, the average full-time equivalent student received $3,802 in federal grants and loans. By 2012 that amount had risen to $13,552, a $9,750 leap that tracks closely with increases in overall prices, especially when considering much greater enrollment in cheaper public institutions. And those figures exclude aid such as work-study and tax credits.
Of course these figures don't prove that aid fuels rampant inflation, but they certainly track with the basic logic that schools will raise their prices if they can get people to pay them. And there is a growing body of empirical research showing that colleges do, in fact, capture aid.
The true cost of aid, however, goes beyond just skyrocketing prices. Aid also enables massive, wasteful overconsumption of higher education.
First, roughly half of people who enter college will not finish, and many who do not complete will have accumulated substantial debt without having gotten the credential needed to increase their earning ability. A substantial part of the problem is that the Feds hand out money regardless of meaningful evidence of a prospective student's academic ability. As long as you have a high school diploma or GED — and until recently you didn't even need one of those — you can get federal aid.
Who does this hurt the most? Ironically, the low-income people the aid is most supposed to help. Indeed, two brand-new reports show that sizable disparities in colleges' graduation rates are driven largely by how many low-income students they enroll. This suggests that low-income students are disproportionately being admitted to colleges without the drive, ability, or both to do college level work. And, alas, the federal government is happy to let them go into debt to do it.
That said, things aren't hugely better among graduates. About a third of people with bachelor's degrees are in jobs that don't require them. On top of that, there is likely serious “credential inflation,” with employers seeing increasingly commonplace degrees simply as signals that job applicants have minimum persistence and self-discipline. Those without degrees are assumed to be hopelessly deficient. That literacy rates for degree-holders dropped significantly on the National Assessment of Adult Literacy between 1992 and 2003 — the last time the assessment was given — supports the conclusion that degrees are indicating appreciably less learning or ability.
So let's all take a moment to enjoy Washington getting something relatively uncontroversial done. Then let's start demanding that the Feds do something that will really help: phase out student aid.
The news Friday of presidential candidate Donald Trump's vulgar view of women and his conceivably criminal activity toward them wasn't an October surprise, because it wasn't a surprise. This is the real Donald Trump, as evidenced repeatedly during 16 months of attacks on Hispanics, Muslims, women, the disabled, women again, veterans, and women some more.
For the sake of the Republican Party and the nation — for god's sake — enough. Enough altogether. Trump should immediately relinquish his nomination and allow, for a short month at least, the country to have a campaign that's closer to representing its legitimate interests and actual divisions.
No nation should toy with electing a leader who beholds more than half of its population with disrespect. No party should be represented by a candidate whose ersatz positions bear such little coherence with its own. And no one should countenance a man who declares that, because he's a star, he can prey on women, regardless of their consent, and speak of grabbing them by the genitalia.
We're choosing, for the sake of taste, not to repeat Trump's actual words, which come from a 2005 conversation between the billionaire and television personality Billy Bush, a recording of which was obtained by the Washington Post. Trump first waved off the disclosure as “locker room banter,” claimed (without evidence) that former President Bill Clinton has said much worse, expressed regret “if anyone was offended” — if! — and later released a video stating that his comments “don't reflect who I am.” But of course they did reflect who he was at the moment he said them, and voters have scant persuasive evidence that he has changed.
Republicans leaders have a choice to make. It is unclear whether they can force Trump to step aside; the Republican National Committee reportedly is exploring its options. Even if they can, tens of thousands of early ballots have been cast, and millions more have been printed with Trump's name. Nevertheless, they should try. Failing that, they should come together and demand, with one voice, that he step aside. On Saturday, a growing number of nationally prominent Republicans were doing so. In Minnesota, House Speaker Kurt Daudt was the first. Former Gov. Tim Pawlenty added his condemnation, calling Trump “unsound, uninformed, unhinged and unfit to be president of the United States.” The Star Tribune Editorial Board would hope that every Republican candidate would follow their example. Denouncing Trump's remarks without withdrawing support, as U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan and others have attempted, is an attempt to have it both ways.
If Trump remains in the race, as he insisted Saturday that he will do, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton almost certainly will win. To many, this is easily a favorable outcome. However, it would be achieved at the expense of the nation's credibility in the world and without the clear mandate that bettering a legitimate opponent would provide.
If Trump exits the race, and if his running mate, Mike Pence, or even Ryan were to take his place, the significant portion of the electorate that holds conservative views would be represented, and others who hold doubts about Clinton's probity would have a realistic alternative. Despite the political and logistic turmoil, the election would likely be closer than it now promises to be.
The one legitimate issue that Trump has given voice to during this race — in his inimical, insufferable way — is the perception of American masses downtrodden by the elite. The truth of this matter is complex, but the frustration is authentic and should not be dismissed along with the candidate.
The next presidential debate is scheduled for Sunday night. Trump should not be there. Indeed, the debate should be postponed for one week as the Republican Party regroups. Then, the nation should spend the remaining 23 days of the campaign engaged in the kind of constructive dialogue an event as momentous as a leadership transition deserves.
Don your leather jacket and fedora, strap on a satchel, and get that bullwhip cracking: It's time to explore the mythical intersection of Hollywood fantasy and real-world discovery.
Three decades ago, Indiana Jones's swashbuckling brand of archaeology inspired a generation of moviegoers. Now a new exhibit at the National Geographic Museum pays homage to the actual artifacts and archaeologists that inspired Indy's creation.
Some of the artifacts are real, including the world's oldest map (a cuneiform tablet showing the city of Nippur), pieces of 5,000-year-old Mesopotamian jewelry, and iconographic clay pots that helped unlock the mystery of the Nazca Lines .
Pull Quote Indiana Jones's swashbuckling brand of archaeology inspired a generation of moviegoers.
View Images Object of Indy's dangerous quest, the Ark of the Covenant was a golden chest that held the Ten Commandments, according to the Bible. The actual Ark has never been found, but the movie prop gets star billing in the National Geographic exhibition. Photograph courtesy of Lucasfilm
Other objects—like the Sankara Stones, the Cross of Coronado, and a Chachapoyan fertility idol—were imagined for the movies. And then there are some that hover in the fact-or-fiction netherworld: the Holy Grail, for instance, and the Ark of the Covenant. (Since no actual Ark has ever been found, the one built for Raiders of the Lost Ark, on display here, has become the iconic image—a case of life imitating art.)
The point, says exhibit curator Fred Hiebert , a renowned archaeological fellow at National Geographic, is “to show how much these films have broadened the scope of archaeology and made the field more relevant—and exciting—to people everywhere.”
The Power of Four
Stroll through the immersive, interactive exhibit and you soon realize that four is the magic number.
View Images Ancient artifacts from the Penn Museum, including a cuneiform tablet and a clay map of the Mesopotamian city of Nippur, showcase the work of real-world archaeologists. Photograph by Gabriella Garcia-Pardo, National Geographic
Hollywood is well represented here. Harrison Ford 's recorded voice greets visitors as they enter. Two-dimensional sketches and set designs adorn the walls. And items of clothing worn by Karen Allen , Kate Capshaw , and Sean Connery beckon inside glass cases.
But real archaeology gets equal billing. Side by side with the props, costumes, and storyboards are lessons on stratigraphy and archaeological technology such as Lidar, pre-Columbian drawings by the English illustrator Annie Hunter , and field photos of the Mayan scholar Tatiana Proskouriakoff .
Pull Quote George Lucas modeled Indiana Jones after the heroes in the 1930s matinée serials. But he was also inspired by real archaeologists like Hiram Bingham, Roy Chapman Andrews, and Sir Leonard Woolley.
View Images The Chachapoyan fertility idol is one of the best-known fictitious artifacts from the Indiana Jones series. Replicas are sold on eBay. Photograph courtesy of Lucasfilm
George Lucas created Indiana Jones as a tribute to the action heroes of his favorite 1930s matinée serials. But he was equally inspired by real 20th-century archaeologists like Hiram Bingham (National Geographic's first archaeological grantee), Roy Chapman Andrews , and Sir Leonard Woolley . Their exotic exploits—finding lost cities, discovering treasure, deciphering hieroglyphics—captured the public imagination.
Decades later, they inspired four films that braid pop culture and Hollywood magic with world history and archaeological science.
The Archaeology of Influence
“These films introduced so many people to archaeology,” says Hiebert. “We can document their impact statistically, based on the number of archaeology students before and after the first film. Some of the best archaeologists in the world today say Indiana Jones was what sparked their initial interest. That's a great legacy for George Lucas—and for the relationship between popular media and science.”
Reached by email, the Welsh actor who played the Egyptian excavator Sallah—Indy's burly, bearded sidekick in two of the films—writes, “I must have met at least 150 or 160 full professors, lecturers, practising archaeologists who have come up to me to say their first interest in archaeology began when they saw Raiders of the Lost Ark. That's not a bad legacy for any film!”
Pull Quote 'Cultural artifacts need to stay in the place where they come from,' says National Geographic archaeological fellow Fredrik Hiebert. 'I hope this exhibit will put a spotlight on cultural heritage, looting, and loss of heritage.'
View Images “Indiana Jones and the Adventure of Archaeology” appears at the National Geographic Museum from May 14, 2015 to January 3, 2016. Photograph by Christy Solberg
Life Vs. Art
Of course, says Hiebert, real archaeology happens in the real world.
“Unlike Indiana Jones,” he says, “I actually have to write research proposals and reports, take field notes and photographs. The big difference [between movies and reality] is that massive parts of the archaeological job—from creating and testing a hypothesis to raising money to getting permits and tools—are glossed over by Hollywood.”
Davies is aware of those discrepancies, and best practices.
“The films represent the ‘loot and scoot' school of archaeology,” he writes. “Not at all the way it's really done! The painstaking recording and documentation of every phase of a dig tells us as much as the object retrieved. What the films do, though, is create that sense of awe and mystery that comes when we try to uncover the past.”
Although Indiana Jones seeks “fortune and glory,” he understands that the objects of his desire belong in a museum.
“And that's exactly the message National Geographic has,” says Hiebert. “Cultural artifacts need to stay in the place where they come from. Where they belong. I hope this exhibit will put a spotlight on cultural heritage, looting, and loss of heritage—a worldwide phenomenon going on now in Iraq and Syria and Peru and Egypt.”
He also notes a less serious offense.
“Hollywood has a very vivid imagination when it comes to booby traps,” Hiebert says with a grin. “Indy encounters them everywhere. But I don't think any professional archaeologist has come across a booby-trapped site yet.”
The movies do mirror reality in at least one way, Hiebert says.
A burning tank explodes on the outskirts of Benghazi. On this strategic road in the East of Libya lies the wreckage of dozens of military vehicles - pro Gaddafi forces crushed by air strikes from Western countries. The charred remains of military personnel are also strewn across the area. Rebels challenging Muammar Gaddafi's 40 year rule had been driven back to their stronghold of Benghazi in recent weeks as government forces advanced. But Saturday's military intervention from a coalition of Western countries had an instant and devastating impact. Attacks from French planes and U.S. and British warships and submarines has galvanised the rebels, who celebrated amongst the wreckage of Gaddafi's forces. The rebels were heavily outgunned by Gaddafi before the West attacked. After initially capturing several key towns and cities, the anti government forces were driven back to Ajdabiyah as they struggled against bombardments from Gaddafi's warplanes, artillery and tanks. With dozens of those units now destroyed around Benghazi, the rebels will hope they can win their battle with Western forces on their side. But with state TV reporting that Gaddafi's government is arming over a million men and women, Libya's turmoil may have only just begun. Simon Hanna, Reuters.
It is billed as the world's most lavish student crash pad - a stunning penthouse with panoramic views of Central Park that smashed records as New York's priciest property when it sold for $88 million in February.
The palatial apartment atop one of Manhattan's most prestigious buildings was bought for Ekaterina Rybolovleva by a trust funded by her father, Dimtry, a billionaire Russian oligarch who made his fortune from fertiliser.
Miss Rybolovleva, 22, a Monaco resident and keen horsewoman, is said to be intending to use the 6,744 sq ft apartment during trips to New York when she takes a course this autumn at Harvard in Massachusetts.
That it was larger than many college dormitories, more opulent than many mansions and sold at the full asking price raised eyebrows. As did the fact that Miss Rybolovleva would not even be studying in New York, but at college 200 miles away.
Now a lawsuit filed by Mr Rybolovlev's estranged wife, Elena, claims that the tycoon, whose estimated worth is $9 billion, splashed out on the penthouse as part of a concerted international effort to hide his assets during their protracted and bitter divorce.
The apartment was bought from the wife of Sandy Weill, the former head of Citigroup, by a private company held by a trust that operates independently of Mr Rybolovlev, 45, for the benefit of his oldest daughter, according to Tetiana Bersheda, a lawyer for the tycoon.
But Mrs Rybolovleva, 45, contends in papers filed in the New York state supreme court that in reality her husband bought the property through a “sham entity” in breach of a Swiss court order freezing his assets.
“It's a joke to claim that he spent $88 million on such a huge apartment so that his daughter can supposedly use it on occasional visits to the city when she is not even studying here,” said her lawyer, David Newman.
“You could fit her whole class in there. Imagine the student parties.”
The legal showdown over the deluxe dwelling is the latest stage in the extremely rancorous and extremely expensive split of a couple that enjoyed a rags-to-riches story after the collapse of Communism.
They are now wrangling over trophy homes across Europe, two empty American properties that cost $183 million, a $100 million yacht, a private jet and an estimated $1 billion furniture and art collection - much of it stored in London and including paintings by Picasso, van Gogh, Monet, Gauguin, Modigliani and Rothko.
Dmitry Rybolovlev and his wife had barely a rouble to their name when they met on their first day at college in the industrial Russian city of Perm. They married, aged 21, in 1987 and had their first daughter Ekaterina in 1989.
It was the fall of the Soviet Union just two years later that transformed their lives. Mr Rybolovlev was among the new breed of entrepreneurs who seized on the rock-bottom sell-off of state businesses to join the ranks of mega-rich oligarchs.
In his first foray into business he set up a medical company with his father, later creating his own investment fund and then becoming chairman of of Uralkali, the country's largest fertiliser producer - a highly lucrative role that earned him the moniker of Russia's “potash king”.
Threats of kidnapping and death, not uncommon in Russia at the time, forced Mr Rybolovlev to move his family to Switzerland in the mid-90s. He later spent 11 months in a Russian jail, accused of planning the murder of a business associate, before he was acquitted of all charges.
The couple had a second daughter Anna in 2000. But in divorce petition filed in December 2008, Mrs Rybolovleva claims that her husband's philandering became increasingly regular, often involving parties on a yacht named after their second child.
The fall-out has been spectacularly ugly. Last year, Mrs Rybolovleva reportedly rejected an $800 million settlement that would have represented less than 10 per cent of his estimated worth.
The final deal seems certain to be the costliest divorce in history, although it will not be the first way in which the family has entered the record books. When a Rybolovlev trust bought Maison L'Amitie, an oceanfront 33,000 sq ft Palm Beach estate, from Donald Trump in 2008 for $95 million, that was the highest sum at the time for a US residential property.
And the newly-acquired penthouse at 15 Central Park West - a New York landmark in which neighbours include Sting, the pop star, Denzel Washington, the actor, and a slew of financial big-hitters - is believed to be the world's most expensive property in terms of price per square foot.
It boasts a main bedroom shaped elliptically to maximise the views, skylit gallery, chef's kitchen, library with a wood-burning fireplace, a study panelled in Brazilian rosewood, 17 wardrobes and a 2,100 sq ft terrace that wraps around three sides of the building. Mr Newman said that the apartment was part of a “spending spree” conducted by Mr Rybolovlev in contravention of the court order in Switzerland, where the couple had lived for many years.
The tycoon has also been pouring funds into the part purchase of AS Monaco, the football team in the principality where the now lives, and an investment in a Cypriot bank as part of that operation, his wife's lawsuit claims.
But Mr Rybolovlev's representatives said that the US property was purchased by an independent trust, administered by professional trustees, as an investment for his heirs and was not covered by the asset freeze. His lawyer said the Monaco and Cyprus investments were all conducted openly and legally and not an attempt to “hide assets”.
Miss Rybolovleva is currently taking courses online at Harvard's Extension School from Monaco while competing on the European show-jumping tour. Miss Bersheda said she will study on campus from September to December and will visit New York in her free time.
She and her younger sister, who still lives with her mother, have inevitably been embroiled in the saga.
“A divorce between the husband and the wife has turned into war between mother and the children,” said Miss Bersheda.
Mr Newman countered that it is Mr Rybolovlev who is dragging out the process. “His post-divorce filing actions are only compounding his actions which precipitated the divorce,” he said.
December 09, 2014
The U.S. Is Still Committed To Torture
The Senate Intelligence Committee torture report (pdf) is out. I do not expect anything really new in it. We already know that the CIA torturers as well as their political bosses were sadists.
The report is a whitewash in that it does not point out the legal and political culprits who ordered, justified and committed the torture acts. The report is also limited to the CIA and does not include the military which, as we know, also used torture and killed people in "interrogations". The U.S. is bound by law to prosecute all of them from top to bottom but it is unlikely to happen. Only one person from the CIA went to prison over the torture program. This not for committing torture but for revealing it.
Torture is useless, especially for interrogations, because people under torture will say anything to make the pain stop. But that very simple and often proven conclusion should to be easy to understand.
But the U.S. is still not committed to refrain from torture. The Army Field Manual 2 22.3. Appendix M is still in force and it allows "interrogation technics" which the UN's Committee against Torture says (PDF) amount to torture. The White House is also still believing that using torture abroad is not covert by the UN Convention Against Torture and thereby permissible.
This, together with Appendix M, lets me assume that the U.S. is still torturing people abroad. Why else would it keep those legal holes open?
Posted by b on December 9, 2014 at 12:22 PM | Permalink
Comments
That out-of-nowhere, weirdly unsourced claim from British biz site MCV last week bluntly stating we'd see Microsoft's next Xbox and Sony's PS4 at E3 this summer? Baloney, says Sony (about the PS4, anyway).
"I don't think we're contemplating talking about anything to do with future console iterations at this point," Sony Computer Entertainment president Andrew House told CVG, noting that Sony is "just entering into this great period for PS3."
Late last week, MCV wrote a story titled "Next Xbox AND PS4 set for biggest ever E3." The rest of the story? Just a few paragraphs claiming the same, without so much as a single "our sources tell us" or "supply chain members reveal." (Hey, the Internet...claim anything!)
Instead, says Sony, keep yours eyes on the PS3: "[One] thing I always point to is that, somewhat in contrast to our major competitors, we have, particularly with PS2, managed the length of the lifecycle and ensured its profitability for our publishing partners for a much longer lifecycle than has been true of the competition," says House. It's true, so long as we stick to set-top consoles (though Sony's only released two to date, so the "always" part's statistically flat).
Sony claims its device longevity has to do with the company's history as an electronics manufacturer and its close partnerships with publishing partners to ensure profitability, though that doesn't really explain the revenue hemorrhaging the company endured for years while it was selilng the PS3 at a serious loss (the company didn't climb out of the red until early 2010, over three years after the system debuted).
So when will we see a PS4? House wouldn't say, but he admitted the future probably has a lot to do with high-definition breakthroughs, and that physical media would probably still play a major role because it offers "the easiest consumer experience." Expect cloud and streaming content to be part of the package, but more for mobile (the Vita and Sony's PlayStation mobile phone platform, in other words) as well as casual content.
Anything's possible when it comes to game companies, but I'd say the chances we'll see the PS4 — behind closed doors or no — at E3 2012 is zero. The same goes for Microsoft's next Xbox. Neither the Xbox 360 nor PS3 are threatened in a generational sense by the Wii U, and both companies have too many triple-A titles in queue to risk stalling sales by teasing next-gen stuff.
Find Matt on Twitter at @mattpeckham, Google+ or Facebook.
Al-Qaeda has released a message, purportedly from Osama bin Laden's son Hamza, calling for attacks on London and other western cities.
The audio recording was shared by Jihadists on Twitter, and is the first such message from Hamza bin Laden, who is believed to be either 23 or 24 years old. He had not previously been put forth as an al-Qaeda spokesman, but he has been touted as a future leader of the terror network.
Letters found in Osama bin Laden's Abbottabad compound suggest that he was grooming Hamza as his successful prior to his death in 2011.
The group has been led since that time by Ayman al-Zawahiri, who was bin Laden's right hand man.
The message is not the first indication that Hamza bin Laden, bin Laden's youngest son, had joined al-Qaeda's ranks. He is believed to have taken part in attacks in Pakistan and Afghanistan as early as 2005.
In the message, a man al-Qaeda claim is Hamza calls for Jihad against America and its allies. He specifically suggests London, Washington, Paris and Tel Aviv as targets for attacks.
Following the 2011 US raid on the compound in Pakistan where Osama bin Laden was living, it was reported that Hamza had been killed alongside his father. White House officials announced his death, before further analysis showed that it was another son, Khaled, who had been killed.
It is unclear where Hamza was at the time of the raid, though it has been reported that he was at the compound but was able to escape. His current whereabouts are unknown.
'Hamza Bin Laden lived the life of jihad with his father throughout AQ's (Al Qaeda) creation in Afghanistan, said Rita Katz, director of SITE Intelligence Group.
"Hamza Bin Laden, son of Usamah bin Laden, gives strategies in continuing global jihad in audio message.
'With Hamza, AQ hopes to renew the popularity of AQ by reviving the brand of "AQ = Bin Laden".
'AQ leadership wants Hamza as a future leader: someone loved & inspirational, without a negative reputation or participation in infighting.
'Hamza Bin Laden calls to move the war from Kabul, Gaza & Baghdad, to Washington, London, Paris & Tel-Aviv. Urges: "This is your duty”.
'Hamza Bin Laden urged lone wolf attacks in the US and the West; targeting of Jewish American interests globally.'
That is the quintessentially American scene that was shattered by a gunman's bullets. And the six people who lost their lives on Saturday – they too represented what is best in America.
Judge John Roll served our legal system for nearly 40 years. A graduate of this university and its law school, Judge Roll was recommended for the federal bench by John McCain twenty years ago, appointed by President George H.W. Bush, and rose to become Arizona's chief federal judge. His colleagues described him as the hardest-working judge within the Ninth Circuit. He was on his way back from attending Mass, as he did every day, when he decided to stop by and say hi to his Representative. John is survived by his loving wife, Maureen, his three sons, and his five grandchildren.
George and Dorothy Morris – "Dot" to her friends – were high school sweethearts who got married and had two daughters. They did everything together, traveling the open road in their RV, enjoying what their friends called a 50-year honeymoon. Saturday morning, they went by the Safeway to hear what their Congresswoman had to say. When gunfire rang out, George, a former Marine, instinctively tried to shield his wife. Both were shot. Dot passed away.
A New Jersey native, Phyllis Schneck retired to Tucson to beat the snow. But in the summer, she would return East, where her world revolved around her 3 children, 7 grandchildren, and 2 year-old great-granddaughter. A gifted quilter, she'd often work under her favorite tree, or sometimes sew aprons with the logos of the Jets and the Giants to give out at the church where she volunteered. A Republican, she took a liking to Gabby, and wanted to get to know her better.
Dorwan and Mavy Stoddard grew up in Tucson together – about seventy years ago. They moved apart and started their own respective families, but after both were widowed they found their way back here, to, as one of Mavy's daughters put it, "be boyfriend and girlfriend again." When they weren't out on the road in their motor home, you could find them just up the road, helping folks in need at the Mountain Avenue Church of Christ. A retired construction worker, Dorwan spent his spare time fixing up the church along with their dog, Tux. His final act of selflessness was to dive on top of his wife, sacrificing his life for hers.
Everything Gabe Zimmerman did, he did with passion – but his true passion was people. As Gabby's outreach director, he made the cares of thousands of her constituents his own, seeing to it that seniors got the Medicare benefits they had earned, that veterans got the medals and care they deserved, that government was working for ordinary folks. He died doing what he loved – talking with people and seeing how he could help. Gabe is survived by his parents, Ross and Emily, his brother, Ben, and his fiancée, Kelly, who he planned to marry next year.
And then there is nine year-old Christina Taylor Green. Christina was an A student, a dancer, a gymnast, and a swimmer. She often proclaimed that she wanted to be the first woman to play in the major leagues, and as the only girl on her Little League team, no one put it past her. She showed an appreciation for life uncommon for a girl her age, and would remind her mother, "We are so blessed. We have the best life." And she'd pay those blessings back by participating in a charity that helped children who were less fortunate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Our hearts are broken by their sudden passing. Our hearts are broken – and yet, our hearts also have reason for fullness.
Our hearts are full of hope and thanks for the 13 Americans who survived the shooting, including the congresswoman many of them went to see on Saturday. I have just come from the University Medical Center, just a mile from here, where our friend Gabby courageously fights to recover even as we speak. And I can tell you this – she knows we're here and she knows we love her and she knows that we will be rooting for her throughout what will be a difficult journey.
And our hearts are full of gratitude for those who saved others. We are grateful for Daniel Hernandez, a volunteer in Gabby's office who ran through the chaos to minister to his boss, tending to her wounds to keep her alive. We are grateful for the men who tackled the gunman as he stopped to reload. We are grateful for a petite 61 year-old, Patricia Maisch, who wrestled away the killer's ammunition, undoubtedly saving some lives. And we are grateful for the doctors and nurses and emergency medics who worked wonders to heal those who'd been hurt.
These men and women remind us that heroism is found not only on the fields of battle. They remind us that heroism does not require special training or physical strength. Heroism is here, all around us, in the hearts of so many of our fellow citizens, just waiting to be summoned – as it was on Saturday morning.
Their actions, their selflessness, also pose a challenge to each of us. It raises the question of what, beyond the prayers and expressions of concern, is required of us going forward. How can we honor the fallen? How can we be true to their memory?
You see, when a tragedy like this strikes, it is part of our nature to demand explanations – to try to impose some order on the chaos, and make sense out of that which seems senseless. Already we've seen a national conversation commence, not only about the motivations behind these killings, but about everything from the merits of gun safety laws to the adequacy of our mental health systems. Much of this process, of debating what might be done to prevent such tragedies in the future, is an essential ingredient in our exercise of self-government.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But at a time when our discourse has become so sharply polarized – at a time when we are far too eager to lay the blame for all that ails the world at the feet of those who think differently than we do – it's important for us to pause for a moment and make sure that we are talking with each other in a way that heals, not a way that wounds.
Scripture tells us that there is evil in the world, and that terrible things happen for reasons that defy human understanding. In the words of Job, "when I looked for light, then came darkness." Bad things happen, and we must guard against simple explanations in the aftermath.
For the truth is that none of us can know exactly what triggered this vicious attack. None of us can know with any certainty what might have stopped those shots from being fired, or what thoughts lurked in the inner recesses of a violent man's mind.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
So yes, we must examine all the facts behind this tragedy. We cannot and will not be passive in the face of such violence. We should be willing to challenge old assumptions in order to lessen the prospects of violence in the future.
But what we can't do is use this tragedy as one more occasion to turn on one another. As we discuss these issues, let each of us do so with a good dose of humility. Rather than pointing fingers or assigning blame, let us use this occasion to expand our moral imaginations, to listen to each other more carefully, to sharpen our instincts for empathy, and remind ourselves of all the ways our hopes and dreams are bound together.
After all, that's what most of us do when we lose someone in our family – especially if the loss is unexpected. We're shaken from our routines, and forced to look inward. We reflect on the past. Did we spend enough time with an aging parent, we wonder. Did we express our gratitude for all the sacrifices they made for us? Did we tell a spouse just how desperately we loved them, not just once in awhile but every single day?
So sudden loss causes us to look backward – but it also forces us to look forward, to reflect on the present and the future, on the manner in which we live our lives and nurture our relationships with those who are still with us. We may ask ourselves if we've shown enough kindness and generosity and compassion to the people in our lives. Perhaps we question whether we are doing right by our children, or our community, and whether our priorities are in order. We recognize our own mortality, and are reminded that in the fleeting time we have on this earth, what matters is not wealth, or status, or power, or fame – but rather, how well we have loved, and what small part we have played in bettering the lives of others.
That process of reflection, of making sure we align our values with our actions – that, I believe, is what a tragedy like this requires. For those who were harmed, those who were killed – they are part of our family, an American family 300 million strong. We may not have known them personally, but we surely see ourselves in them. In George and Dot, in Dorwan and Mavy, we sense the abiding love we have for our own husbands, our own wives, our own life partners. Phyllis – she's our mom or grandma; Gabe our brother or son. In Judge Roll, we recognize not only a man who prized his family and doing his job well, but also a man who embodied America's fidelity to the law. In Gabby, we see a reflection of our public spiritedness, that desire to participate in that sometimes frustrating, sometimes contentious, but always necessary and never-ending process to form a more perfect union.
And in Christina…in Christina we see all of our children. So curious, so trusting, so energetic and full of magic.
So deserving of our love.
And so deserving of our good example. If this tragedy prompts reflection and debate, as it should, let's make sure it's worthy of those we have lost. Let's make sure it's not on the usual plane of politics and point scoring and pettiness that drifts away with the next news cycle.
The loss of these wonderful people should make every one of us strive to be better in our private lives – to be better friends and neighbors, co-workers and parents. And if, as has been discussed in recent days, their deaths help usher in more civility in our public discourse, let's remember that it is not because a simple lack of civility caused this tragedy, but rather because only a more civil and honest public discourse can help us face up to our challenges as a nation, in a way that would make them proud. It should be because we want to live up to the example of public servants like John Roll and Gabby Giffords, who knew first and foremost that we are all Americans, and that we can question each other's ideas without questioning each other's love of country, and that our task, working together, is to constantly widen the circle of our concern so that we bequeath the American dream to future generations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I believe we can be better. Those who died here, those who saved lives here – they help me believe. We may not be able to stop all evil in the world, but I know that how we treat one another is entirely up to us. I believe that for all our imperfections, we are full of decency and goodness, and that the forces that divide us are not as strong as those that unite us.
That's what I believe, in part because that's what a child like Christina Taylor Green believed. Imagine: here was a young girl who was just becoming aware of our democracy; just beginning to understand the obligations of citizenship; just starting to glimpse the fact that someday she too might play a part in shaping her nation's future. She had been elected to her student council; she saw public service as something exciting, something hopeful. She was off to meet her congresswoman, someone she was sure was good and important and might be a role model. She saw all this through the eyes of a child, undimmed by the cynicism or vitriol that we adults all too often just take for granted.
I want us to live up to her expectations. I want our democracy to be as good as she imagined it. All of us – we should do everything we can to make sure this country lives up to our children's expectations.
Christina was given to us on September 11th, 2001, one of 50 babies born that day to be pictured in a book called "Faces of Hope." On either side of her photo in that book were simple wishes for a child's life. "I hope you help those in need," read one. "I hope you know all of the words to the National Anthem and sing it with your hand over your heart. I hope you jump in rain puddles."
If there are rain puddles in heaven, Christina is jumping in them today. And here on Earth, we place our hands over our hearts, and commit ourselves as Americans to forging a country that is forever worthy of her gentle, happy spirit.
May God bless and keep those we've lost in restful and eternal peace. May He love and watch over the survivors. And may He bless the United States of America.
Stephen Colbert helpfully explains why the inaccurate absentee ballot mailings from Americans for Prosperity aren't a big deal.
Remember how Koch brother funded Americans for Prosperity was caught sending out absentee ballots to Democrats in two Wisconsin recall districts with instructions to return the ballots late? Earlier today, Greg Sargent received an email from Americans for Prosperity that reveals the mailer was sent to all six districts with recalls on Tuesday, rather than just the two that were originally reported. From the email:
Recently, Americans for Prosperity-Wisconsin sent a mailer to provide our members, like you, with the opportunity to vote by way of absentee ballot. The absentee ballot mailing was mailed only to AFP-Wisconsin members in the eight Senate Districts that have recall elections.The return date included on the absentee ballot application (August 11th) was intended solely for the two senate districts with elections on August 16th. However, the printer sent that version out to all districts, including those that have elections on August 9th.
So in addition to discovering that this mailer went out to all six districts with recalls on Tuesday, AFP continues to blame the printer for this. Didn't AFP bother to look at the mailers before mailing them, after they came back from the printer? Or did the printer do all the envelope stuffing, too?
Either AFP isn't telling the whole truth about this mailing, or they are really shitty at GOTV. Personally, I'm hoping it's the latter, so our GOTV can kick their butts.
Follow @AaronShafferWX
We're closing out a fantastic weekend of sunshine in the Twin Cities today with some strong storms likely in the afternoon/evening, with more unsettled weather to come.
Here's today's severe weather risk for the Midwest:
The brownish/tannish shading that covers much of Minnesota and Minneapolis/St. Paul is indicative of about a 30% risk for severe weather within 25 miles of a point. West of the Twin Cities that threat comes more in tornado risk and hail, while for us it comes in the form of a high wind threat with severe storms.
Here's your Minneapolis 7 day forecast (and St. Paul 7 day forecast):
Let's talk more about today's severe storm threat. A small area of low pressure looks to move through our region today into tonight, sparking storms in a very warm and humid environment.
Here's the future radar around 4pm today:
Note the giant storms from Milbank, South Dakota, to Brainerd. Fast forward to 5pm and storms spread toward the Twin Cities – keep in mind that the time should be considered about +/- one hour:
The 5pm future radar shows a strong cell trying to impact the Twin Cities metro area, and by 6pm storms become more widespread:
Today will definitely be a day to stay sky-aware, especially if you're not working indoors or are still off or at the cabin.
Stay tuned!
www.donboscoindia.comen.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Bosco" data-caption="www.donboscoindia.comen.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Bosco" data-credit="Tawheed Manzoor/Flickr">
A Justiça condenou uma mulher a pagar indenização no valor de R$ 100 mil a uma menina adotada aos seis anos de idade e devolvida ao abrigo cinco anos depois, no Distrito Federal. A ré, uma procuradora federal aposentada, alegou "comportamento rebelde" da criança.
A menina e sua irmã mais nova foram encaminhada ao abrigo após a morte da mãe biológica. Ela foi adotada pela aposentada e levada para Salvador, na Bahia, onde recebeu um novo nome. Já a irmã foi adotada pelo filho da ré.
A procuradora justificou a devolução dizendo que a criança apresentou 'mau comportamento', 'agrediu sua irmã' e 'praticou pequenos atos infracionais'. Hoje com 76 anos de idade, a mãe adotiva alega também estar doente e não ter condições de cuidar da menina.
Para o juiz da 19ª Vara Cível de Brasília que analisou o caso, nada disso justifica o abandono da criança. "O prejuízo concreto, decorrente da conduta contraditória, é a sensação de abandono, desprezo, solidão, angústia que a autora se deparou aos seus doze anos de idade; ofensa esta que, a toda evidência, dispensa qualquer espécie de prova", afirmou o juiz em sentença.
O TJDF não divulgou o nome do magistrado. Ainda cabe recurso da sentença.
TEPCO's new estimates suggest that its Fukushima reactor has released more than quadruple the amount of radioactive cesium-137 leaked during the Chernobyl disaster. But the method used to measure the damage may undervalue the hazard even further.
­Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s revised report suggests that in total, around 760,000 terabecquerels (TBq) were discharged into the atmosphere since the Fukushima catastrophe. Though the new figure is 1.6 times higher than an estimate published in February by the Economy, Trade and Industry Ministry's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency, it still seems to be just an effort to downplay the real scale of the event.
The report goes on to compare Fukushima with the Chernobyl accident of 1986, where it says 5,200,000 TBq of “radioactive substances” were leaked into the atmosphere.
The problem is that TEPCO only counts the amount of iodine-131 and cesium-137 leaked from the Fukushima reactor, and compares them to the whole range of isotopes that were discharged at Chernobyl.
And if compared properly, the numbers tell a different story.
The final estimate suggests that 400,000 TBq of iodine-131 leaked from Fukushima, which is indeed lower than during the Chernobyl incident, but only 4.5 times lower.
Regarding the emission of cesium-137, Fukushima is far ahead its rival. Post-Fukushima estimations suggest that Chernobyl put out a total of 85,000 TBq of caesium-137 over the course of the disaster. The Fukushima reactor, however, has so far released 360,000 TBq of cesium-137, according to TEPCO.
An empty shopping street, under a sign reading "Nuclear Power – The Energy for a Better Future” in Futaba town, inside the exclusion zone around the Fukushima power plant, January 15, 2012 (Reuters/Stringer)
­
Instead of releasing the total emissions of other isotopes from Fukushima, such as Strontium-90, TEPCO dedicated the rest of the report to explaining the calculation methods used. They combined the calculations based on the “degree of damage to the reactor core” and reverse calculations based on the “density of radioactive substances found in the atmosphere and seawater,” which allowed the company to come up with what they believe to be the most accurate figures.
The blasts at the Fukushima reactor, which had been triggered by an earthquake and tsunami last year, caused a massive radiation leak. Tens of thousands of people were forced to leave their homes in and around the Fukushima region in central Japan, while the crippled reactor was shut down and encircled by a twenty-kilometer exclusion zone. Since then the authorities and TEPCO officials have faced accusations of withholding vital information about the radiation levels in the area.
Fallen gravestones are seen at a cemetery in Namie town, inside the exclusion zone of a 20km radius around the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, Fukushima prefecture, January 15, 2012 (Reuters/Stringer)
CBS today announced the launch of a commercial-free plan for the CBS All Access subscription service. This is a new addition to the existing CBS All Access subscription offering of $5.99/month. Now you have the option to watch CBS All Accesss on-demand content commercial-free for $9.99/month.
The foundation of CBS All Access is not only about giving CBS fans access to more of the content they want, but also giving them more choice in how they watch their favorite CBS programming, said Marc DeBevoise, President and Chief Operating Officer of CBS Interactive. The addition of a commercial-free plan gives our subscribers even more ways to customize their CBS viewing experience  from which devices to whether they watch in or out of the home, and now with commercials or without.
With the commercial-free plan, subscribers will be able to watch CBS All Accesss on-demand library of more than 7,500 episodes, including full current seasons of primetime hits like BIG BROTHER, MADAM SECRETARY, and THE ODD COUPLE among many others. You will also get access to late night, daytime and news programming, all without commercials. CBS All Accesss upcoming original series, including the next chapter of the legendary Star Trek TV franchise, STAR TREK: DISCOVERY under the $9.99/month plan.
Subscribers to the $5.99/month plan will continue to experience reduced commercials when watching on-demand content and be able to watch CBS Classics without commercials. Current subscribers will have the option to move to the commercial-free plan by logging on to their account through CBS.com.
Live streams of local CBS channels on CBS All Access's available throughout the U.S. in more than 150 markets, will continue to feature the same commercials as the over-the-air broadcast, and select on-demand shows will include promotional interruptions.
Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter for more news, tips, and reviews.
Need cord cutting tech support? Join our new Cord Cutting Tech Support Facebook Group for help.
Bryan Batt is a married man! The Mad Men star, who played Salvatore Romano, said "I do" to longtime partner Tom Cianfichi on Sept. 28 in New Orleans, Us Weekly exclusively confirms.
PHOTOS: Celebrity weddings
"After 25 years together we tied the knot," the actor tells Us. "First legally in New York City, and then in a ceremony and reception under the canopy of oaks in a beautiful Garden District courtyard in New Orleans."
With paper lanterns in shades of green and gold illuminating the family-filled wedding party, Batt and his event planner love exchanged vows while a jazz quartet played "What a Wonderful World."
PHOTOS: Hollywood's gay power couples
Among family and friends, Batt's Mad Men costar Christina Hendricks, her husband Geoffrey Arend, Patricia Clarkson, Christian Le Blanc, and Harriet Harris were also in attendance during the emotional ceremony.
"I've had some good ones, but this was the best night of my life!" the actor, who owns several home decor stores with Cianfichi, gushed to Us.
PHOTOS: TV's best gay couples
The couple's magical day almost faced a downpour, though. "It was raining all day, and although there was a tent, it could have been messy," Batt told Us. "At 4 p.m. Weather.com reported 100 percent chance of rain between 6 and 10, [so] we looked to the heavens and asked our late moms to do whatever they could, [and] at 5:30 p.m. I checked the report again, and [there was] zero percent chance of rain — it was beautiful!"
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Son pleads guilty in murder-for-hire in mom's death
This photo provided by the Harris County Sheriff's Office shows Nur J. Mohamed. A high school student, Danish Moazzam Minhas, told investigators he hired Mohamed to kill his mother because she was too strict, police said in announcing capital murder charges against the two, Wednesday, Jan. 6, 2010. (AP Photo/Harris County Sheriff's Office) less This photo provided by the Harris County Sheriff's Office shows Nur J. Mohamed. A high school student, Danish Moazzam Minhas, told investigators he hired Mohamed to kill his mother because she was too strict, ... more Photo: HO Photo: HO Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Son pleads guilty in murder-for-hire in mom's death 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
A former Lee High School student on Thursday admitted to hiring a classmate in 2009 to kill his mother.
Danish Minhas, 21, pleaded guilty to murder in exchange for 50 years in prison. He admitted to paying classmate Nur Mohamed $4,000 to brutally stab his mother, Tabassum Khan, on Nov. 24, 2009.
Minhas was 17, and Mohamed was 18 at the time.
"I think this was a very unusual crime," said prosecutor Angela Weltin. "It's very, very sad and hard to contemplate why anyone would want to do this."
Minhas, who was often seen at school sipping Starbucks before reading the morning announcements over the public address system, wanted to get away from his "strict" mother, investigators said.
Minhas pleaded guilty Thursday in state District Judge Jim Wallace's court. He was scheduled to go on trial Monday and could have faced life in prison if convicted by a jury.
Last year, Mohamed pleaded guilty to murder and agreed to testify that Minhas hired him to kill the 43-year-old woman. In exchange for his testimony, he sentenced to 40 years in prison, Weltin said.
Police were initially suspicious of Minhas, who said he found his mother's body after staying out all night, first on a date, then driving around Galveston.
While investigating, detectives found a bloody handprint on the doorknob that was traced back to Mohamed.
Mohamed later said he had worn rubber gloves, but they had been cut in a struggle with Khan.
After he was arrested for drugs at school a few weeks after the slaying, police were able to match the prints and later DNA to Mohamed.
When he pleaded guilty last year, Mohamed said Minhas picked him up and took him to his apartment on the night of the slaying. He said Minhas went in to check that his mother was home, then left the door open and signaled him.
After the stabbing, Minhas took Mohamed home.
When asked whether Minhas seemed to have any remorse after the slaying, Mohamed said, "He just smiled."
The controversy surrounding IIT Madras's decision to ‘derecognize' a student group is so unwarranted that nothing can explain its proportion but the intervention of vested political interests. Political leaders are fishing in troubled waters for short term gains and the students involved also seem to be making most of the publicity.
By describing IIT's action as a ‘ban' and ‘restriction of free speech', some sections of the media have also contributed significantly in blowing this controversy out of proportion. It needs to be made very clear that nobody has been banned and nobody has been stopped from saying anything he/she wishes.
The Ambedkar Periyar Study Circle (APSC) was approved as an “Independent Student Body” by IITM's Dean of Students a little more than a year ago and such approval was conditional upon the group following the prescribed code of conduct. Incidentally, the Dean of Students, who has now taken the decision to withdraw the approval, apparently was also the Faculty Advisor of APSC.
The approval allows such groups to use IITM's infrastructure to organise activities. It does not allow them to use IITM's name or funds without the Dean's permission. Therefore withdrawal of approval only means the group cannot use institutional facilities, including the internal email network to espouse its views. To put it simply, there is no ban on free speech.
In all the noise and heat generated by APSC's pungent views and controversial pamphlets one has failed to notice the basic premise of IITM's action. The Dean is quoted to have given only one reason for the withdrawal of approval - “they (APSC) did not follow the guidelines for an Institute student body”.
It is believed that the APSC specifically violated two of the seven guidelines - ‘not informing the faculty advisor about their activities, or getting posters and other promotional material approved by him and using IITM's name and logo on publicity material without adequate permission'.
IIT M's official statement on the issue reads: “the student groups cannot use the name of IITM or its official entities for their activities without official permission. APSC has violated this particular rule.” More importantly IITM has clarified that this de-recognition is only provisional and a final decision will only be taken by a representative body of students after giving the APSC an opportunity to justify itself. A clear conspectus of these events leading to withdrawal of APSC's approval can be found on the website of IITM's campus magazine The Fifth Estate.
It is amazing to see some sections of media and political leaders converting this simple matter of an educational institution enforcing campus discipline into a political war between ideologies. This is not only unfair to an institution that has always prided itself on progressive ideals but poses a serious threat to amity in campus life.
APSC members and sympathizers were all over TV channels fully exploiting the misplaced outrage against ‘violation of their freedom of speech and expression', instead of caring to defend IITM's charges on code of conduct violations. The veracity of their pamphlets' contents and the justness of their views unnecessarily took centre stage.
If one were to look at the rights such a group of students is legally entitled to, it is amusing that there should be so much controversy surrounding this issue. In a famous case concerning the right of a student to take part in campus politics, the Kerala High Court held that “once students are admitted to an educational institution they are bound by the code of conduct laid down by the educational institutions through the prospectus or college calendar and it is implicit that they should observe the code of conduct necessary for the proper administration and management of the institution…wisdom of laying down those restrictions cannot be challenged by the student after getting admitted to the educational institution. The right to admission not being absolute there could be regulatory measures for ensuring educational standards and maintaining excellence in education.”
The court went on to add that students have no right to organise or attend “meetings other than the official ones within the college campus and such a restriction would not violate Article 19(1)(a) or (c) of the Constitution of India.”
The approval and the consequent right to use institutional facilities were therefore only privileges, which IITM gave to these groups. They cannot be claimed as a matter of right and certainly have nothing to with one's freedom of speech and expression.
IITM's actions should be seen strictly from the perspective of the institution's right to enforce campus discipline. But the larger issue of whether students should be allowed to promote overtly casteist and communal views within campus should be seriously considered.
The pamphlets and lectures circulated by APSC target specific communities. One pamphlet posted by APSC online accuses IITM of being “under brahmincal tyranny” and another calls for “fight towards liberating the mass from the clutches of Hinduism”. Should an institution willingly lend its resources for aiding the dissemination of such divisive thoughts?
One IITM student has reacted to the whole controversy on his Facebook page by bringing to light the general disrepute, which APSC appears to have carried in campus: “They have been very notorious from the day of …inception. When other groups in the campus publicize their events adhering to the regulations…these guys like to call for road-side debate(s).”
The anonymous letter sent by IITM students to the Central government goes further than just accusing the APSC of spreading communal propaganda. It says the group was receiving funds and support from external organisations. In fact, one pamphlet circulated by APSC on social networking sites was actually published by the radical left wing outfit Revolutionary Students Youth Front. Was IITM not justified in taking a serious view of the matter?
A section of the media is trying to obfuscate the larger issue of campus discipline by referring to MHRD's letter to IITM. It must be noted that the MHRD's letter only calls for an explanation on the issues raised in the anonymous letter.
Even assuming IITM decided to take action only after the MHRD letter, how can that justify any violations committed by APSC in conducting its activities? Where is the need for political leaders to voice opinion on this issue? If it can be pointed out that there are other ideological groups on the campus that have also flouted norms like APSC and that IITM has not acted, then there may be a case of discrimination. Otherwise this should be treated entirely as an internal matter of IITM, which does not warrant any attention from outside.
(The author is an advocate practising in the Madras High Court)
Read: Ban Row: IIT Madras Gets NCSC Notice, DMK Seeks Modi's Intervention
BAY CITY, MI -- A bill was introduced last week in the Michigan Legislature that would ban sky lanterns from lighting up the nighttime sky.
But if nothing is done at the state level, one Michigan city wants to start the discussion locally.
At a Bay City Commission meeting Monday, Sept. 28, Commission President Christopher Girard, 6th Ward, said it's time to address sky lanterns, also known as Chinese lanterns, after speaking with local environmentalists and public safety officials about the damage they can potentially cause.
Bay City Commission President Christopher Girard.
"These lanterns are a concern with the fire department and environmentalists," Girard said. "You see them around the Fourth of July and end up finding them all over the place. Since our community is older, there are a lot of wooden homes. I feel it's a good precautionary measure that we need to look at in the near future."
Sky lanterns are airborne rice paper commonly used in celebrations and memorials. The lantern's paper shell is stretched over a frame with a candle inside. When lit, the flame heats the air inside the lantern, causing it to rise into the air like a hot air balloon. Once the lantern reaches a certain height, the flame extinguishes and the bag drops to either the ground or whatever catches it.
State Rep. Henry Yanez, D-Sterling Heights, who introduced House Bill 4857, said sky lanterns, which have also become popular at memorials, are uncontrollable.
"As a former Sterling Heights firefighter, I know that there is no safe way to use a sky lantern because you can't control where it lands, so it could land on someone's roof or in a tree and cause a fire," the lawmaker said in a statement.
Michael Evans, deputy chief for the Brighton Area Fire Authority and past president of the Michigan Fire Inspectors Society, said he is only aware of minor fires that have started due to sky lanterns, but wants to see the product banned from being sold.
"This is an open flame that is basically uncontrolled and released into the air," he said. "The person has no control on where it goes and what happens to it. One model in fire service is if it's predictable, it's preventable. We can predict this can cause minor problems, there's always a chance it could cause a major fire."
Evans said the two model fire codes used throughout the country -- the International Fire Code and NFPA 1 -- prohibit the use of lanterns.
"The problem we're faced with is there's no prohibition against sale of the lanterns," he said. "I understand these can look really neat, but especially in populated areas, they can be very dangerous."
Zachary Branigan, executive director of the Bay City-based Saginaw Basin Land Conservancy.
Zachary Branigan, executive director of the Saginaw Basin Land Conservancy, took to social media to call on Girard and Bay County Executive Thomas Hickner to introduce ordinances in Bay City and Bay County prohibiting sky lanterns. Saginaw Basin Land Conservancy staff members, he said, have found remnants of sky lanterns at Sand Point Nature Preserve, a piece of coastal property just south of Caseville and owned by the conservancy.
"We can't have that," Branigan said. "We have spent more than $1 million conserving and restoring that preserve for wildlife and recreation. To find these sky lanterns clogged in trees is unacceptable."
Doug Clark, president of the Bay City Fireworks Festival.
Doug Clark, president of the Bay City Fireworks Festival, watched dozens of sky lanterns float into the sky for this past summer's festival.
"I'd be lying if I said it didn't concern me," he said. "The concept is that the flame will go out once it gets so high, but you can never be sure if that always happens. I wouldn't mind if they were banned."
Michigan-based group "Lose the Lanterns," has started a Change.org petition calling for Michigan lawmakers to ban sky lanterns, saying the lanterns have caused injury to wildlife and livestock and have caused wildfires and structure fires.
The group, which promotes its cause on Facebook, formed last month when a unique "Lantern Festival" at the Kalamazoo Speedway saw more than 1,000 people release sky lanterns. Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Paul Matyas told The Kalamazoo Gazette he was concerned about the possibility motorists on roads near the launch site would be distracted by the sight of the rising lanterns. No traffic problems or fires were reported.
"We don't want to be preventative from allowing people to memorialize a loved on or having fun with family, but we just want them to do so in a way that isn't dangerous," said Jennifer Raymond, who penned the Change.org petition. "As of now, we don't see any feasible way to guarantee these lanterns can be used safely."
If Gov. Rick Snyder ultimately signs a bill into law, Michigan would join several other states where sky lanterns are illegal, including California, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Oregon, South Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Virginia and Washington.
HOUSTON, TEXAS — Andrew Breitbart says he still stands by everything he's said about Shirley Sherrod, the former U.S.D.A. official who filed a lawsuit against him charging he defamed her by “publishing an intentionally false and misleading clip” that damaged her reputation.In an interview with TPM following his speech before the True the Vote national summit on Saturday, Breitbart said that the Sherrod story — in which Breitbart's Big Government website posted what turned out to be a selectively edited video clip of Sherrod that made it appear as though she was bragging about discriminating against a white farmer — has always been about the Pigford settlement, even if he didn't realize it in the beginning.
“I still stand by everything I said in the past as it relates to that story,” Breitbart said. “I'm excited about the discovery phase of this. I wasn't intimidated by her saying … her slander saying that I want to, you know, bring blacks to slavery. What a predictable methodology of attack by the left. You know everyone is worried about slander — what she said to me is slanderous.”
“This is about Pigford. It has always been about Pigford. The court case will prove this beyond a reasonable doubt,” Breitbart said.
Breitbart said that the Pigford II settlement — which offers $50,000 to those black farmers who say they were discriminated against by the government — has been “sold in the black churches as reparations and sold at reparations conventions by the proponents of it as reparations.” (Breitbart held a press conference at the Conservative Political Action Conference and released audio from an event they say shows just that.)
“Shirley Sherrod's attorney is one of the primary proponents of reparations in this country,” Breitbart said. (Late Update: Breitbart tells TPM he was referring to Sherrod's lawyer in the Pigford case, Rose Sanders, and not her lawyer in the libel suit as I originally believed. Sanders was the founder of the Slavery-Civil War Museum, National Voting Rights Museum and was a member of the Reparations Coordinating Committee).
“I don't think Barack Obama wanted the Shirley Sherrod narrative and Pigford in the news,” Breitbart said.
When the Sherrod story came out, Breitbart said he “had never heard of Pigford, and I have the Nation editor saying that I am to blame for the money being pulled out, and I have Lawrence O'Donnell warning that the money is going to be pulled out the same week as Sherrod.”
“I'm the one that's being told that it's Pigford by the progressive media, so when I do basic investigation and find out Ms. Sherrod's monumental conflict of interest of working for the Pigford monitor when she's now overseeing the Pigford distributions and who gets them and who doesn't,” Breitbart said.
“I don't doubt — I have zero doubt — that many of these local offices of the USDA are rancid racists who treated the black farmers wrong, and that the black farmers themselves should have not just gotten their land back or kept their farms, I think that they should have made millions of dollars each if they could prove that they were discriminated against,” Breitbart said. “But they weren't just screwed over by the USDA, they were screwed over by Pigford” and the lawyer who made it into a class-action lawsuit.
That lawyer, Al Pires was recently interviewed for a Fox News segment by John Stossel, where a black farmer who was discriminated said that lawyers encouraged African-Americans to commit fraud by claiming they attempted to farm.
“They ended up creating a spigot for their neighbors who have never farmed before, who would simply have to state that they, wink, ‘attempted to farm',” Breitbart said.
“All of the organizers on behalf of Pigford, in order to justify telling a mechanic or a pizza delivery guy or a lawyer, to get a $50,000 check when they never farmed before or attempted to farm before is to tell them in so many words that you deserve this, because this is backdoor reparations,” Breitbart said.
When I asked about allegations of fraud in the Pigford case at a press conference in December, Attorney General Eric Holder said that the fraud concern was “legitimate” but that it shouldn't be lost that the settlement “addressed a historical wrong.”
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the process for approving the payouts in the Pigford case would include the U.S.D.A. inspector general and the comptroller general. He said that lawyers will have to certify under the penalty of perjury that what they are representing on behalf of their clients is true and accurate.
“I think there are significant safeguards that have been placed in the settlement process in addition to those that would occur just generally, which is a review by an independent arbitrator and adjudicator,” Vilsack said at the time.
But Breitbart told me there's much more to come in the Pigford story, and he's working with reporter Lee Stranahan on a documentary that will show just how much corruption there's been in the Pigford settlement.
As for the Sherrod lawsuit, there's a hearing set for April 7, and a reply from lawyers for Brietbart and his co-defendant Larry O'Connor (the head of Breitbart.tv) are due by April 11.
Throwing a baseball isn't rocket science. Unless, apparently, that ball is the official baseball of the World Baseball Classic and is being thrown by a member of Samurai Japan.
For all the preparation the Japanese baseball apparatus has put into March's 2017 World Baseball Classic — that would be years of prep work for a tournament manager Hiroki Kokubo called a “national concern” — a seemingly innocuous tightly wound mesh of rubber and yarn covered in rawhide could be the proverbial fly in the ointment.
The issue for Japan is the same one that has followed the team since the first WBC: the ball. The balls used for the tournament are slicker than those used in NPB, meaning Japanese players have to change the way they handle it.
That hasn't always been an easy adjustment in the past, and the issue could rear its head again with so many first-timers on the pitching staff.
Yomiuri Giants pitcher Tomoyuki Sugano got in a little work with the ball on Saturday at the Kyojin's spring camp facility in Okinawa, throwing 39 pitches to a standing catcher.
“I was trying to get my control down,” he was quoted as saying by Sankei Sports. “I was able to throw as expected.”
Japan's other pitchers have also been working to familiarize themselves with the ball. The Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters' Shohei Otani and Naoki Miyanishi started using it during workouts in December, and the Hanshin Tigers' Shintaro Fujinami started throwing with it as soon as he heard there was a chance he'd be on the WBC roster.
It's not just the pitchers either.
“It's a little slippery, but I want to get used to it,” Hiroshima Carp shortstop Kosuke Tanaka told reporters Saturday after learning he would be added to the roster.
Of all the adjustments the Japanese will have to make, getting used to the ball is one that's important despite how simple a task it would seem to be. But Seibu Lions hurler Kazuhisa Makita, who is on this year's team, had a tough time adapting to it early on in 2013, and a couple members of the 2009 team had control issues throwing it as well.
The one thing pitchers always have is the ball, and it's vital they're able to get comfortable with it and pitch with command. It sounds simple, but you can't be too careful when the stakes are high and the margin for error might not be very wide.
It's up to the pitchers (and position players to a lesser extent), and the Japanese coaching staff to stamp out the problem before it arises this year.
It will be interesting to see how the individual pitchers juggle preparing with the WBC ball versus the NPB standard during their respective spring camps, which start Feb. 1, before leaving to join national team practices later in the month
It helps that the team got game experience with the WBC ball during its exhibition series against Mexico and the Netherlands in November. There were a few rumblings about it even then, though pitching coach Hiroshi Gondo didn't waste any time getting everyone on message.
“Being a professional player means you have no excuses,” Gondo said at the time, after watching his pitchers allow seven runs — six earned — in a loss. “You've got a chance to get used to it in the bullpen.”
Pitching is generally one of Japan's strengths on the international level, and if Otani and company deliver, Japanese fans could have a ball in the stands like they did in 2006 and 2009. Provided, of course, their pitchers are able to come to grips with the actual ball.
Here to announce the winner for
BEST NEW EXPANSION
to a Game I Played in 2015
is Tom Hanks, not the multi-billion dollar Hollywood actor, but an accountant from Ypsilanti, Michigan who is really tired of people commanding him to "run, Forest, run."
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST NEW PARTY GAME
I Played in 2015
is Reginald DeMorrow, a guy who felt too uncomfortable at a party to combine a card that said "DEVASTATING DISEASE FESTIVAL" with another card that said "A NUN'S SEX YARMULKE." Not even for a hollow, scandalous laugh.
Honorable Mention!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST NEW CO-OP
I Played in 2015
is Carla Blacklung, World Champion and player of over 5,000 games of Pandemic (never having once been at fault for quarterbacking).
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST NEW DICE GAME
I Played in 2015
is Chance "Snake Eyes" Smith, artisan carver of incredibly expensive bespoke D20s. Look for him on Instantgram or whatever those hippie kids are using these days.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST NEW-TO-ME GAME
I Played in 2015
is Constance Sizemore, routinely late to the party, but always the life of it.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST ART
In a Game I Played in 2015
is Edd Bravura, self-proclaimed aesthete and insufferable snoot.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST BOX COVER
To a Game I Played in 2015
is Duchess Babytalk, art-pop singer who designs her own clothes and also her own music videos and also a line of goth cosmetics.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST USE OF THEME
In a Game I Played in 2015
is Magdalene Erstwhile, that one actress-presenter who is visibly tipsy and slurs her way through her teleprompted commitment.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST USE OF MULTI-USE CARDS
In a Game I Played in 2015
is Jack Smithfield, Renaissance man. Hire him to do your taxes! Or plumbing. Or commencement speeches.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST FUN, NEW MECHANIC
In a Game I Played in 2015
is Trish Novella, who will try anything once. You should've seen her when we told her to lick some battery acid.
Honorable Mentions!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST KICKSTARTER EXPERIENCE
For a Game I Backed In 2015
is Don Simoleon, wealthy financier with money burning a hole in his pocket.
Honorable Mention!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST I'M-GLAD-I-PLAYED-THAT-AND-NOW-I-NEVER-NEED-TO-PLAY-IT-AGAIN
Game I Played In 2015 And Don't Ever Intend To Play Again
is Irene Monotone, one-hit wonder from such failed pilots as Loner, Alone, and Post-Apocalypse Gal.
Honorable Mention!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST INCREDIBLY INFURIATING YET REMARKABLY STILL FUN
Game I Played In 2015
is Lou Carpal-Tunnell, a lucky guy we just picked from out of the audience. Lucky lucky!
Here to announce the winner for
BEST "YOU AREN'T EVEN TRYING ANY MORE WITH THE NAME OF THIS GAME"
Game I Played In 2015
is Rose Harangue, who, by any other nomenclature, would smell as sweet (provided she took a shower, obviously).
Tennessee authorities say there's been a confirmed sighting in Oklahoma of a 15-year-old girl who disappeared more than two weeks ago with her 50-year-old teacher.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation says surveillance images obtained from a Walmart in Oklahoma City show teacher Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas purchasing food items in the store with cash. The statement says the images captured on March 15 show Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and Thomas may have charged her hair color to red.
The two were reported missing on March 13 from Culleoka, a Tennessee community about 60 miles south of Nashville.
Police have issued an Amber alert for Thomas and say they have warrants charging Cummins with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The award-winning “Halo” franchise continues with “Halo: Spartan Assault.” Available in July for $6.99 ERP, only for Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8, “Halo: Spartan Assault” brings “Halo's” rich storytelling and best-in-class action, audio and graphics to touch-based devices for the first time in franchise history.
“With ‘Halo: Spartan Assault,' we wanted to take ‘Halo' out of the living room and create a brand-new experience that was built specifically for a different screen,” said Dan Ayoub, Executive Producer on “Halo: Spartan Assault.” “This is an opportunity for us to define what makes ‘Halo' unique on mobile platforms and really raise the bar for what is possible.”
Developed by 343 Industries in conjunction with Vanguard Games, “Halo: Spartan Assault” is a top-down, action shooter that provides an accessible, pick-up-and-play experience for “Halo” fans and newcomers. It uses an intuitive and simple control scheme that combines touch with console-like controls, and there's also the flexibility to use a mouse and keyboard on Windows 8 PCs and tablets.
“We went through multiple control scheme iterations before arriving at something that we felt was perfect,” said Ayoub. “We designed a system that is adaptive and helps bring that old-school flavor of fast and frenzied twin-stick shooting to life.”
Set between “Halo 3” and “Halo 4,” “Halo: Spartan Assault” gives you control of either Commander Sarah Palmer or Spartan Davis on 25, action-packed single-player missions featuring battles never before seen in the “Halo” universe.
“This is Palmer's first Spartan Op,” said Ayoub. “The story follows her first major mission after her transformation from an ODST to a Spartan-IV and gives more insight into the character that fans got to know in ‘Halo 4.'”
Equipment load outs can be customized with “Halo's” iconic arsenal of armor abilities and weapons, including the Magnum, Assault Rifle, Spartan Laser and more. Fan-favorite vehicles, such as the Wraith, Scorpion, Ghost and Grizzly, can also be commandeered to even the odds against the Covenant onslaught.
“Halo: Spartan Assault's” campaign is developed for replayability, with competitive leaderboards, weekly challenges, difficulty modifier Skulls, and more than 40 earnable in-game Achievements and Medals. You can even progress your Spartan Career in “Halo 4” by playing “Halo: Spartan Assault” to gain experience points (XP), all-new Achievements and emblems, and more integration features will become available after launch.
If you're still hungry for more, 343 Industries has you covered. Not only will be additional in-game content be available through the Microsoft Store in the months following launch, but 343 Industries has also teamed up with Dark Horse Comics to create a separate, three-part comic series, “Halo: Initiation.” “Halo: Initiation” reveals how Commander Sarah Palmer became a Spartan-IV and connects directly with the events of “Halo: Spartan Assault.”
2014 marks the one hundredth anniversary of the beginning of World War One. Millions of soldiers and untold numbers of civilians died on European battlefields during that conflict which was called "the war to end all wars," which, of course, it was not.
We tend to remember the trench warfare of World War One, but it was the first conflict in the history of the world that included an air war as well. Dan Patterson has some thoughts.
When World War I start, aviation was new. Flight was more art than science back then. Advances came as a result of trail and error, cause and effect.
Aerial observers had been used in warfare since the Civil War. A hot air balloon, tethered to the ground, would be sent up and observers would get high enough to see over the horizon. Powered flight meant they could see beyond the horizon and go behind the battle lines. That's where air battles began.
In 1914, aircraft were slow and fragile. Both the Allies and the Germans flew their observation planes behind enemy lines and soon found themselves in the same airspace. The first aerial combat took place when opposing pilots shot it out with pistols at surprisingly close range.
Soon faster, more maneuverable pursuit planes were developed to attack to observers, which began falling from the sky at an alarming rate. The life expectancy of an observation aircrew grew short, so pursuit planes because escorts. Aerial tactics were being invented.
Before long, machine guns were mounted on the fuselage, but at first they wouldn't fire through the aircraft' propellers so engines and propellers were moved to the rear. These cumbersome aircraft carried names like 'Gun Bus.'
It was the German Air Force that created the first so-called fighter plane. It was small and nimble, designed by Antony Fokker. It had a gun that fired forward through the propeller using a gear that timed the firing of the gun so it missed the propeller. The pilot could aim the aircraft and fire the gun at the same time.
There's a painting by Henri Ferre made early in the war. It depicts a British observation plane being attacked by a Fokker from behind. Out on the wing of the British plane, plying on his belly, is a rifleman, aiming at the approaching fighter with his bolt action rifle. Desperate times called for desperate solutions.
Pursuit pilots developed tactics like: "get as close to your enemy as possible before firing" or "create formations that can overwhelm the foe" and "attack with the sun behind you."
Observation aircraft evolved into large bombers with the ability to attack the enemy far beyond the front. They too learned to fly in formation, and soon legions of multi-engine bombers droned through the skies and explosives rained from the clouds. Before the war was over, the ability to attack cities from above became a harsh reality.
Aviation advanced dramatically between 1914 and 1918. When the war ended, the art had become a science. Fifteen years after the Wright Brothers flew at Kitty Hawk, men and women were climbing into cockpits all over the world. They would soon fly across continents and oceans, engage in international speed races, carry mail and cargo and passengers, and capture the imagination of human beings everywhere.
Dan Patterson is an aviation historian and photographer. You can see more of his photos at his website, www.flyinghistory.com
Aviation programming on WYSO is supported in part by the National Aviation Heritage Alliance and The Air Force Museum Foundation.
* Jury rejects Fair Isaac claims related to credit scores
* Fair Isaac says to appeal
* “FICO” score, VantageScore at issue (Adds VantageScore Solutions CEO comment; updated shares)
NEW YORK, Nov 20 (Reuters) - A federal jury in Minneapolis on Friday ruled against Fair Isaac Corp ( FICO.N EXPN.L
The verdict allows Experian and TransUnion to continue to use their “VantageScore” rating. Experian and TransUnion, in separate statements, said the jury also found that Fair Isaac made a misrepresentation to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in registering a trademark for its credit score.
Fair Isaac said it plans an appeal.
In its October 2006 lawsuit, Fair Isaac alleged that VantageScore, which uses a 501 to 990 range, was confusingly similar to its FICO score, which uses a 300 to 850 range. It said use of VantageScore constituted trademark infringement, unfair competition and a deceptive trade practice.
Another credit bureau, Equifax Inc ( EFX.N
Credit bureaus get royalties when they sell credit scores to banks and other lenders, which use the scores in deciding whether and at what cost to make loans to consumers.
Creators of VantageScore contended the 501 to 990 more easily aligns with letter grades ranging from “A” to “F.” They set up the joint venture VantageScore Solutions LLC in 2006 to develop an alternative to FICO.
Barrett Burns, chief executive of VantageScore Solutions, said the case's outcome could result in added market share.
“The lawsuit been a distraction, and I am sure there have been some lenders out there that have been hesitating using VantageScore,” he said in an interview.
Fair Isaac previously said it would appeal a July decision by U.S. District Judge Ann Montgomery to dismiss some of its claims in the case.
In late afternoon trading, Fair Isaac shares were unchanged at $18.77 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The case is Fair Isaac Corp v. Equifax Inc et al, U.S. District Court, District of Minnesota, No. 06-04112. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel; Additional reporting by Al Yoon; Editing by Richard Chang)
The lovely adventures of Song Ji Hyo and Chen Bolin continue in the latest stills for the variety show “We Are In Love”!
The production team recently dropped teaser shots for the virtual couple's upcoming date. In this episode, they will be traveling back in time by visiting Chen Bolin's old school and other meaningful places from his childhood.
Chen Bolin wears a uniform-inspired outfit to match the school date theme, while Song Ji Hyo has picked out the more funky and colorful pieces from her wardrobe. Focused on reading a book, the couple looks adorable in the nostalgic classroom setting.
Their date continues with a basketball class in the school gymnasium to reveal the sporty side of the actors. Another still shows the considerate Chen Bolin fastening Song Ji Hyo's helmet in front of a scooter, suggesting that there will be even more action in this episode.
Stay tuned for the full episode airing on May 22!
When a patient gets a new kidney, there's no guarantee that the body will accept the foreign organ.
Even with a suitable donor, “it is very complicated and very unpredictable,” says Randall Sung, M.D., surgical director of kidney and pancreas transplantation at the University of Michigan Health System.
A recipient's age, immune system and adherence to medication all play a role going forward. And about half of such transplants, regardless of circumstance, are rejected by the body within 10 years.
Which is why Sung and other doctors recently asked the question: How can signs of rejection be identified early enough before the damage is done?
Key indicators, a multi-center study found, could lie within expression of proteins crucial to the immune response.
Findings by the Scripps Research Institute published last month in the American Journal of Transplantation, attained using genetic expression profiling, which measures the simultaneous activity of thousands of genes, found surprising similarities between cases of early acute kidney rejection (that is, within a year of transplant) and chronic ones that occurred years after the fact.
At present, those two types of rejection are viewed as separate diseases.
Yet, recent biopsies of 234 kidney transplant patients (including eight treated at U-M) revealed that 80 percent of the same genes were highly expressed in both acute and chronic rejection samples.
A second game-changer in the study was the element of interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy (IFTA).
A type of kidney damage and scarring that can result from a past injury, IFTA in otherwise healthy patients was found to share a similar gene expression with those who experienced acute rejection. This was the case even when there were no signs of active immune injury in biopsy specimens.
IFTA has long been associated with an increased risk of transplant failure, but never thought to be a direct sign of active rejection.
That suggests both conditions occupy different parts of the arc on the same immune rejection process, says Sung, who was a site investigator on the study.
Viewed in that context, it could give doctors new clues to predict — and hopefully thwart — rejection, regardless of when the transplant took place.
“To be able to jump on an evolving [diagnosis of] rejection at its sort of basic molecular genesis, if you will, is the real long-term goal of this type of work,” says Sung.
Documentary Description
BLUE PLANET is the definitive natural history of the world's oceans, covering everything from the exotic spectacle of the coral reefs to the mysterious black depths of the ocean floor. With revealing interviews with the scientists and production team, Discovery Channel takes viewers on an epic journey that will profoundly change how we view our planet's oceans forever. Blue Planet: Seas of Life is the result of a six-year collaboration between Discovery Channel and the British Broadcasting Corporation.
If there were a Nobel Prizes for wildlife filmmaking, these producers would get it.'
- The Wall Street Journal
Five years in the making, with a budget of over $10 million, Blue Planet: Seas of Life is the most comprehensive series of the Earth's oceans to date. Plunge into the mysterious deep with eight, full-length episodes from the highly acclaimed series. Join Pierce Brosnan and Sir David Attenborough as they lead an unprecedented exploration of the ocean, exposing stories of survival against the odds and revealing new species, habitats and behaviors never before caught on camera.
Features:
* Eight episodes and bonus material on 5 DVDs
* Newly presented in Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound and 16:9 Letterbox
* Frozen Seas, Coral Seas, Open Ocean, The Deep – Narrated by Pierce Brosnan
* Tidal Seas, Coasts, Seasonal Seas, Ocean World – Narrated by David Attenborough
* Bonus material includes new interviews with filmmakers and scientists
Frozen Seas
Animals living in and out of the water face their greatest challenge in the crippling polar winters. Breathtaking, rare footage shows how animals survive in these hostile environments.
Coral Seas
A coral reef is one of the most stunning sights on earth; a riot of color, teeming with fish. But this seeming tropical paradise is a Darwinian battleground where every species is locked in a daily life and death struggle, including the coral itself.
Open Ocean
Venture into the largest section of open ocean in the world, where endless blue stretches in every direction. This blue wilderness can seem like an empty desert, but here the ocean's fiercest, fastest and most ruthless predators stalk their prey over immense distances.
The Deep
Two-thirds of the earth is covered in water, but we've only explored about one percent of the ocean floor. With the help of space-age submersibles, take a spectacular journey to previously unreachable depths.
Tidal Seas
Watch as the tidal seas explode with life – thanks to the ever-present tug of the moon's gravity – and learn why tidal marshes are one of the most ecologically productive parts of the world.
Coasts
The boundary between land and sea serves as a demarcation line between the beach-loving creatures that live onshore and the hungry predators that wait just beneath the surface of the water.
Seasonal Seas
Shafts of sunlight radiate through the ocean's 'ceiling' and provide energy for the myriad creatures that live in the temperate sea, the richest of all underwater habitats.
Ocean World
The oceans are an integral part of the Earth's life cycle, influencing weather systems and supporting an enormous range of life. Explore the sheer scale, power and complexity of the mysterious oceans that govern our blue planet.
Bonus Feature
Interviews with the filmmakers and scientists, including, Doug Allan, Rick Rosenthal, Dr. Martha Holmes, and Mike deGruy
Editorial Review from Amazon.com
Extraordinary footage and eloquent narration by David Attenborough highlight the BBC's remarkable wildlife series The Blue Planet: Seas of Life. "Ocean World" begins with astonishing views of a gigantic blue whale--the elusive Holy Grail of undersea photography--and the marvels continue to demonstrate the power, diversity, and profound ecological influence of Earth's oceans. "Frozen Seas" examines whales, walruses, penguins, and other creatures under the extreme conditions of the Arctic and Antarctic Circles. The next two episodes are even better. "Open Ocean" travels thousands of miles into the vast "liquid desert," where currents determine how the ocean's diverse life forms will assume their places in the food chain. More amazing, "The Deep" descends with a state-of-the-art submersible to the ocean's abyssal plain and beyond, filming such bizarre creatures as the fangtooth, bioluminescent jellies, transparent squid, the giant-mouthed gulper eel, and the never-before-seen hairy angler fish.
"Seasonal Seas" focuses on the explosion of life that accompanies every annual blooming of plankton, numbering in the countless billions and captured here with brilliant microphotography. In "Coral Seas," miles-long reefs of living coral are explored, from deep within (requiring brief computer animation) to the surrounding environs, where you'll see white-tipped sharks in a feeding frenzy while beautiful harlequin shrimp wrestle with a starfish. "Tidal Seas" explores the myriad life forms that thrive when lunar gravity pulls the oceans offshore. "Coasts" is easily the most brutal episode, but no less mesmerizing. The most unexpected, and horrifying, sequence is the orca, earning its "killer whale" nickname by capturing, killing, and tail-tossing a seal pup--a sequence so mysteriously primal that even the most seasoned marine biologist will be utterly amazed. One of the finest wildlife programs you're ever likely to see, The Blue Planet: Seas of Life provides the privilege of visiting a truly alien world teeming with the rarest wonders of nature. The series was recut into the feature-length Deep Blue in 2005. --Jeff Shannon
On approximately 6th November AD 15, Vipsania Agrippina gave birth to her fourth living child, her first daughter, in a Roman garrison on the banks of the Rhine, the very edges of the Roman empire. Her father Germanicus named her after her mother and grandmother: Julia Agrippina, immediately causing trouble for future historians trying to untangle the web that is the Julio-Claudian family tree. Her parents exemplified this web. Vipsania Agrippina, commonly called Agrippina the Elder, was the daughter of Agrippa - Augustus's right hand man - and Julia - Augustus's daughter. In AD 15 she was simultaneously the stepdaughter, niece and daughter-in-law of the reigning emperor Tiberius. Her husband was Tiberius's biological nephew and adoptive son. Tiberius's full name was Tiberius Claudius Nero. His father was called Tiberius Claudius Nero. It is possible that both his biological nephews were named Tiberius Claudius Nero. We now call them Germanicus and the emperor Claudius. All of Agrippina and Germanicus's daughters were named Julia. And so goes aristocratic Roman naming conventions and aristocratic Roman families: they all have the same names and they're uncomfortably incestuous with their marriages. Which brings us back to Agrippina and Germanicus, who were married somewhere between 5-1BC, and who were (non-biological) cousins via a complex network of adoption and intermarriage.
The marriage of Agrippina and Germanicus was contracted by their families to once again cement together the two halves of the Julio-Claudian dynasty that had been brought together by Livia and Augustus and which was vital to the maintenance of power in Rome at the beginning of Augustus's reign. The Claudii were an ancient and enormously aristocratic family with massive cultural capital. Much like the Kennedys or the Rockefellers in America but much, much older. The antiquity and longevity and reputation of the Claudii added a considerable weight to the new, military backed power that Julius Caesar had bequeathed to Augustus. In an imperial system that still required the illusion of a functioning senate, alliance with an ancient and powerful family was useful. Bringing together these two families into one big tangle of a family via marriage gave all the members a huge web of influence and power, which could then be built upon with further marriages and alliances. It's complex and frankly gives me a headache trying to work it all out. But on the ground, at a grass roots level, it means that Agrippina, daughter of Julia, was married to her stepfather's adoptive son and this was considered to be broadly fine rather than staggeringly weird. The Romans have always had strange ideas about marriage though. One of their root foundation myths is the Rape of the Sabine Women, which sounds horrifying enough in name alone. In practice, it is even odder. The story goes that the first Romans, led by Romulus, found that they had a distinct lack of ladies in their new city and the local tribesmen wouldn't let them legally marry their women. So the Romans wandered next door to the Sabine peoples, abducted a load of their daughters and forcibly married them. Now, fairly obviously, the Sabines weren't enormously keen on this as an act - they rather liked their daughters being around perhaps, or at least weren't happy about them being straight up kidnapped by these new guys with their fancy new city - and so they declared war on the Romans. The war was bloody and nasty, and upset the fragile women who flung themselves between their new husbands and their fathers, took responsibility for the war and begged the men to stop the killing. Hearts touched, and maybe a little distracted, all the men agreed to be friends and the women agreed to stay in Rome and be wives to their abductors. And thus, women came to Rome and all was well, apart from the abducting and the war and the fact that this enshrined into myth the idea that women's major function is as a point of contact between men.
When there is a global storm, the house with weak foundations will shake the most. In the 1990s, the Washington Consensus unleashed a global storm across all economies, demanding an end to protection against globalization to let the winds of global trade and global finance blow freely. The benefits for less developed economies would be new products, new technologies, and investment coming their way. When money flew out of these countries in the late 1990s, creating the Asian crisis, the Washington pundits said the flaw lay not in the absence of protection against globalization, but in weaknesses of the damaged countries' institutions.
That institutions are the foundations of sustainable growth is an idea Nobel Laureate economist Douglas North had propounded decades ago and Harvard University's Dani Rodrik has supported in his brilliant accounts of how the foundations of the industrial strengths of Japan, Germany, Korea and the US were built. Indeed, when the Asian economies were berated for their weak institutions, South Korea, Malaysia and Thailand went back to developing “industrial policies" along with the dismantling of “crony capitalism". Thus, they restored economic growth. The impressive growth of China is another example of a country following its own “industrial policy" and building its institutional strengths in the midst of the sweep of globalization since the 1990s.
India has adopted the strategy of joining the global economy from the 1990s and it must remain on this course. Unfortunately, it has not attended to its institutions, the weaknesses of which are causing its economic growth to tremble now. Moreover, its rusty institutions are unable to deliver services efficiently and equitably to its citizens.
The institutions that India has neglected for too long are regulatory institutions; institutions of administration, policing, and justice; and institutional capacities for implementation. These need to be refurbished and built anew.
When economies are opened up to the “animal spirits" of free enterprise, they must simultaneously build strong institutions to protect citizens and consumers from greedy animals and from monopolies destroying competition. India has created many regulators but, barring a few, their effectiveness has been very poor. Regulatory agencies are not well designed. In some arenas, there are too many of them with overlapping responsibilities. And they are mostly stuffed with retired bureaucrats instead of competent professionals.
The origins of India's administrative services are legendary—the iron frame that kept society in order. That iron frame has become rusty. It must change its orientation to develop innovative policies and deliver services efficiently. Paper files which meander slowly around government's innards and cannot be found when required must be replaced with electronic communications. The judiciary is creaking under the burden of too much litigation.
Several commissions have recommended improvement of police organizations. The second administrative reforms commission (ARC), in its 15 reports, has covered the gamut of reforms required in administration, police, and judicial services. Its reports were made after examining India's realities and best practices of other countries. The reports have been accepted by the Union cabinet. They have been barely implemented.
If India as a country has a special weakness, it is poor implementation. We have great ideas. We appoint committee after committee to study the same problem. But we don't implement what we accept must be done. The second ARC's hard work seems to have met the same fate. The Planning Commission, while preparing the 12th Five Year Plan, looked into the root causes why the country's plans never fully achieve what they intend to. It found that contention amongst stakeholders, between different ministries, and between citizens' groups and businesses, holds up implementation of policies and projects. Also, planning as a discipline is noticeable by its absence. Therefore, there is confusion about what has to be done by whom and when, and very little follow-up until the deadlines appear when there is a mad rush, or a new deadline is fixed.
Thus, even the Five Year Plans have not been ready before the start of the next plan period when they should be.
The Cabinet Committee on Investment is busy expediting projects that have missed deadlines because they have been embroiled in contention and confusion rife in the system. It is swimming against a tide. A solution must be found to improve abilities, to collaborate and coordinate throughout the system—in the states and in the Union government. Japan, Korea, China, and Malaysia have, in the course of their development, systematically improved capacities for planning, coordination, and collaboration. The Planning Commission has conceived the India Backbone Implementation Network as a solution for India. Now we must also focus on implementing this.
Finally, India needs to implement a comprehensive manufacturing plan to encourage manufacturing. Twenty years after the liberalization of the economy, which enabled growth to touch 9% per annum, manufacturing continues to languish at 16% of gross domestic product. Manufacturing must grow much faster to reduce the current account deficit and to create 100 million jobs in the next 15 years, without which India may face an employment crisis with severe social and political ramifications.
Arun Maira is a member of the Planning Commission. Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
When William Gibson's Pattern Recognition came out, some of his long-standing fans lamented that he had abandoned science fiction and set his novel (the first in a new trilogy) in the present day. After all, Gibson's Neuromancer is considered a foundational novel in cyberpunk genre. But the more astute readers realised that, in his new trilogy, Gibson did not abandon writing about the cyberpunk future: the world simply caught up to the future Gibson has been writing about all along! In Pattern Recognition, “the future is here.”
Late on October 3rd, a group of Netrunner players from the SF Bay Area, members of the group known as “the Glass House”, confessed that they had been using an exploit on unofficial deck-building site NetrunnerDB to scrape the decklists of top-tier competitive players. By their own admission, they did this so as to gain competitive advantage at next month's Worlds Championships. I'm not going to go over the facts in any more detail, there are better articles you can get those from. I just want to point out the hilarious irony of a website being hacked to help the hackers cheat in a card game about hacking! Netrunner has always referenced real world cybercrime, and, eventually, it seemed as if the real world was starting to reference Netrunner cards! However, this is the first time a case of life imitating art emerged from within the game's own community, and whose target was the game itself!
It may seem flippant to laugh about this, and to post a “flavour review” of a real life incident (“Flavour Notes” was supposed to be a series of flavour reviews of cards, but I've only done one so far so I guess there's no pattern to break), especially one which has damaged and divided the Netrunner community, and cast a pall over the upcoming Worlds Championships. I certainly don't want to trivialise the severity of this event: “deck sniping” is unsportsmanlike behaviour (though no longer outright cheating, having been removed from FFG's tournament rules due to being hard to enforce) and could incur a tournament ban. Many people worked hard testing and refining their decks, and felt cheated and violated to have had them stolen. The fallout is ongoing, with some members of the San Francisco community publishing their own decks on NRDB in an effort to level the playing field, only for other players to accuse them of posting decks that were heavily based on the information they had gained by scraping, thereby exacerbating the harm they've done by spreading that secret deck tech even further. Some of the hackers have recused themselves from Worlds, feeling they did not deserve to participate or could not face the community. This incident was definitely serious, and I don't wish to come across as downplaying it just by pointing out its humorous and ironic aspects.
Fundamentally, however, this is also exactly why Netrunner is more than just a fun and silly card game. Its very conceit is that the uses and abuses of technology can have life-changing consequences, whether that's savings disappearing, or, as in this case, friendships ruined and tournament success compromised. And while this case is over something pretty trivial (winning at a card game), there are many instances of real life hacking that had truly tragic consequences: Aaron Schwartz, for example, was prosecuted under the US Computer Fraud and Abuse Act for using a bot to request and download JSTOR articles which he was actually authorised to access (he had a JSTOR account). Not that I'm comparing people trying to cheat at a card game with a hero of open access and activist of technology freedom, whose prosecution tragically led to his suicide. I'm just saying their methods are superficially similar, both having used bots to download freely-accessible data. Netrunner is just a game, and, as such, presents a lighthearted take on some pretty grim themes, but the issues it deals with, of freedom and control, of the virtual's impact on the real, of having and of want, are very much real in our “cyberpunk present”, and have tangible and sometimes tragic consequences on our world – far, far more tragic than not winning Netrunner Worlds!
To me, this incident was a sobering reminder of the power of technology, that everything populating the narratives of our Netrunner games is only a hair's breadth from being real, that, just like in Gibson's novels, the future has snuck up on us, and, 20 years after the launch of the original CCG, the world has finally caught up to Netrunner. However, it was also the funniest thing I've ever seen happen in any card game. Long after people's rage at their decks being stolen has subsided, they will remember today as the day Netrunner disappeared up itself in a recursive cycle of self-referential absurdity, and they will feel that something special, awesome, and hilarious happened!
What makes the incident even more ironic is that the game even has not one but several cards themed around CHEATING AT ACTUAL CARDS, as anyone who read the flavour text on Sure Gamble has noticed! And if you glance back at the image I posted at the top of this article, you might notice something strange about it apart from my stupid logo. Seen it yet? That's not my handiwork, as you can tell by looking at all the terrible image editing jobs around this blog. Rather, that is an Easter Egg inserted by Lukas Litzinger into the first edition of Netrunner's FAQ (downloadable here). Clicking on the right spot shows Oracle May (if that's who that is) to be no longer playing cards, but playing (and cheating at) Netrunner!
I can only hope that the person sitting across the table from Oracle May is one of the Glass House crew. Maybe they tried to hack her NRDB account to snipe her decklist, but Oracle May won't be fooled by that: that Apocalypse Chaos Theory jank you saw on there was nothing but a honeypot! Her real deck was safe and sound on Meteor all along! She's really playing Alice with Maw, and you're simply not prepared for that!
They thought it was a sure gamble, but they were pushing their luck!
Advertisements
Here's a question I hear from fans semi-regularly: “Now that Alex Guerrero is healthy and playing again, shouldn't the Dodgers bring him up rather than mess with the likes of Darwin Barney?” Actually, that's not even the most regular Guerrero thing that pops up, because with Hanley Ramirez‘ injury, No. 1 is easily “Guerrero's natural position is shortstop, the Dodgers are foolish for not giving him a shot there.”
Those are both defensible ideas, to a point, but here's what the Dodgers should actually be doing with Guerrero: Nothing. Or, put another way, what they're doing is exactly the right thing.
You see Guerrero's .321/.363/.568 Albuquerque line and you think, even with the obvious ABQ bump, this is a guy with a bat that can play. Hopefully, that's true. But also, know this: So much of that happened back in April and May. In the three weeks since he rejoined the Isotopes after missing two months to recover from Miguel Olivo‘s assault, he's hit just .233/.273/.301. 19 games, 77 plate appearances, so yes, small sample size. It's also not unreasonable to think that after so much missed time and the adjustment period to playing with an ear that was literally chewed off, he needs additional regular play to get back up to speed. Simply put, he's not forcing the issue right now.
There's also the defensive question, and despite the insistence of so many fans who have never seen him play that he's the obvious choice to replace Ramirez at shortstop, that's just not realistic. There's a reason that almost no one thought he could play shortstop in the first place, and there's plenty of question about whether he can even handle second. Here's how his 19 games in his most recent stint in Albuquerque have broken down:
2B — 12 games
LF — 7 games
3B — 1 game
SS — 1 game
That adds up to more than 19 games because he's played multiple positions in one games a few times, but you can see the trend. The team still wants him to be comfortable at second base, but the shocking emergence of Dee Gordon has put a roadblock into place that the position didn't have when Guerrero was signed last year. He's been playing a surprising amount of left field, less because the Dodgers really need another outfielder than — I'm guessing here — to add flexibility and see if he can handle it, because a 2B-only bench player has limited value. He's barely played the left side of the infield at all. No matter what he did in Cuba, he's clearly not seen as an option there.
Until he starts hitting again, he's exactly where he ought to be. For the next three weeks, until the Triple-A season ends, he should be in Albuquerque trying to get his swing back and getting as much defensive time as he can. In September, he'll almost certainly join the Dodgers, since he's already on the 40-man roster, and he'll be a potentially interesting bench option. Maybe there will even be an argument to have him on the playoff roster, though we're a long way off from that. And in the offseason? Who knows, maybe he's trade bait. Maybe Gordon is. Maybe he's just going to make the 2015 bench a whole lot more interesting than the 2014 group has been. That's a problem for the winter. Right now, Guerrero is exactly where he ought to be.
Theresa May has been slammed by viewers for showing a 'lack of empathy' during a gruelling interview in the wake of the Grenfell Tower tragedy.
The Prime Minister appeared uncomfortable as she received a grilling from the BBC's Emily Maitlis on Newsnight over her actions following the devastating blaze.
The 'embarrassing interview' came at the end of a disastrous day for Mrs May.
She has been heavily criticised for failing to meet with victims when she first visited the site of the fire on Thursday.
Theresa May has been criticised for showing a 'lack of empathy' following the Grenfell Tower tragedy
So far 30 people have been confirmed dead with reports of up to 70 more missing after the blaze ripped through the west London building.
Mrs May eventually met victims on Friday but had to be bundled into a jeep to escape an angry crowd who branded her a 'coward' and called for her resignation.
Maitlis told the Prime Minister last night: 'You misread the public mood on this one. You misread the anger that people feel about this.
'They shouted coward at you this afternoon.'
Seemingly skipping over the comment, Mrs May replied: 'What I have done since this incident took place is, first of all yesterday, ensure that public services had the support that they needed in order to be able to do the job they were doing in the immediate aftermath.'
Maitlis said: 'That's three days on, Prime Minister, this is Friday evening. They needed those things in place on Wednesday.'
Mrs May has been heavily criticised for failing to meet with victims of the tragedy when she first visited the site of the fire in west London on Thursday
But Mrs May still refused to give a straight answer. She said: 'What I have done today is ensured that we are, as a government, putting that funding in place for people in the area.'
After watching Theresa May's interview on Newsnight, local residents in White City reacted with fury.
One woman, who gave her name as Miss Jeffries, 51, said: 'She just wants to make sure the fire service have what they need but not what the community have what they need. She just doesn't answer the questions.
'There was quite a lot of tension last night at the protests, an energy within the community - it's the first time they feel they can say something. It's the first time they feel like anybody's listening.
'This fire is the sort of thing you expect in Bangladesh, not in London.'
Many viewers also took to social media to vent their rage over the Prime Minister's performance during the interview.
One Twiter user Matt Ots wrote: 'Theresa May made an appearance on Newsnight tonight.
Maitlis accused the Prime Minister of misreading the public mood in the wake of the fire
Frankly, I was appalled at her lack of empathy and complete avoidance of the issues.'
Another, Tye Adams wrote: 'Theresa May on Newsnight tonight was just embarrassing. Very evasive and lacking in empathy. Why can't she just answer a question?!!'
While Dave Branwood said: 'Theresa May awful again on Newsnight. If she was in the Wizard of Oz she would be 'The Tin Woman' without a heart, never mind The Iron Lady.'
One outraged viewer wrote: 'How can someone be so inhuman and uncaring? Theresa May is a write-off now more than ever.'
Criticism of the Prime Minister's 'lack of heart' comes after Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn was pictured hugging and talking with victims.
Work and Pensions Secretary David Gauke said he hoped the Government can 'build trust' with the victims of the fire by getting to the bottom of what happened.
He told the BBC: 'I hope if there is an issue on trust that by the work that we undertake that we demonstrate both a determination to help the victims, but also demonstrate our determination to get to the bottom of what really happened and to respond to the truth, and that's how I hope we can build trust with the people of Grenfell Tower.'
Theresa May was booed and jeered tonight by an angry crowd after she met survivors of the Grenfell inferno after 24 hours of fury at her sluggish response to the crisis
Mrs May's most senior minister, First Secretary of State Damian Green, defended the way she had handled the tragedy.
Mr Green said suggestions the Prime Minister does not seem to have what it takes to respond to such a disaster were 'terribly unfair'.
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'She's distraught by what happened as we all are.'
'Absolutely she has the same degree of sympathy and horror at these events that we all have,' he added.
He said the Government expected to appoint a chairman to lead the public inquiry 'in days rather than weeks'.
'We want it to be able to have interim reports as well,' he added. 'So this is not going to be one of those exercises of using a public inquiry to delay a response. Actually, we want the response to be as fast as possible.'
Mr Green said the probe will look at whether sprinklers should be retrofitted to tower blocks and the Government will 'follow the recommendations of the public inquiry'.
Mrs May marched into the fury as she left a meeting that included victims of the disaster, community leaders and neighbouring residents
Anger outside the church boiled over as Theresa May left but the PM was exposed to the public's rage for only a matter of seconds before she was bundled into her car
The police bundled the ailing PM out of the church's side entrance following her private meeting with people inside
The Queen and Prince William have also met with survivors of the blaze.
During her visit to north Kensington on Friday the Prime Minister was barricaded inside St Clement's Church where she was holding a private meeting for around half an hour.
Tensions began to boil over among a crowd outside the building as news spread that she was inside.
When Mrs May eventually left the church she was met by a barrage of abuse from the public.
Officers swiftly escorted her into her government Land Rover which was surrounded, hit and pursued as she was driven away.
Queen Elizabeth II meets members of the community affected by the fire at Grenfell Tower
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn comforts a local resident in St Clement's Church on Thursday
An angry protester shouted: 'What is she doing here? She's going back to her nice cosy home.
'Why has she come only on Friday? Get the f*** out.'
Other people screamed 'murderer', 'shame on you' and 'coward' at the Prime Minister as she abandoned the meeting to return to the security of Downing Street.
In an effort to ease the criticism, Mrs May has announced a £5million support package of the victims of the blaze, which will include legal aid for victims in the public inquiry.
A message displayed yesterday on an electronic sign along westbound Interstate 8. — Union-Tribune
Although drivers may complain about motorcyclists' lane splitting — threading their way through traffic, as this rider did on Interstate 805 in San Diego — it's legal if done safely, bikers said. — Nelvin C. Cepeda / Union-Tribune
LANE-SPLITTING LEGAL, BUT IS IT SAFE? Since my story has generated so many comments on the practice of lane-splitting — riding a motorcycle between lanes to pass slower-moving cars — here's some more information. According to law enforcement agencies, the California Vehicle Code doesn't specifically say that lane-splitting is illegal. That doesn't mean a motorcyclist might not get ticketed for it, though. Motorcyclists could still be cited for unsafe driving and it's up to the discretion of the ticketing officer and the court to determine what's safe. The California Highway Patrol's Web site says lane splitting “is permissible but must be done in a safe and prudent manner,” while the DMV's Motorcycle Handbook warns that lane sharing is dangerous. San Diego police Lt. Tim Saelens, who works in the traffic division, said motorcyclists who split lanes are sometimes cited under three sections of the state Vehicle Code: Section 22350, the basic speed law; Section 21658, which governs lane changes; and Section 21755, that allows passing on the right only under safe conditions. Unless the Legislature specifically outlaws lane-splitting, the bottom line is: drive safely and watch out for the other guy. We all learned that in driver education class. — Janet Lavelle
ONLINE View the California Motorcycle Handbook (PDF).
A message appearing on electronic freeway signs around the county in the past week wasn't supposed to cause road rage.
To the state agencies that posted the message, its suggestion “Share the road. Look twice for motorcyclists” seemed helpful, especially with spring weather bringing out more bikers.
Some drivers apparently saw red.
“None of the calls we've gotten have been positive,” said Edward Cartagena, spokesman for the San Diego Caltrans office. “One call was a 20-minute rant.”
About a dozen callers angrily complained that it wasn't their job to watch out for motorcyclists who speed, double up in lanes with cars or otherwise ride aggressively.
“Wow, I didn't know there was a sentiment like that out there on the roadways,” Cartagena said.
Since the electronic message was posted statewide Feb. 11, Caltrans has received about 800 phone calls, mostly positive. “Except for here. I don't know why,” Cartagena said.
Some calls in other counties came from motorcyclists who appreciated the state looking out for their safety, officials said. Some bikers yesterday said that they're too often at the mercy of distracted drivers oblivious to smaller vehicles.
The signs, which are due to go dark today, were a joint effort between Caltrans, the California Highway Patrol and the state Office of Transportation Safety and had been in the works for a year, CHP spokeswoman Jaime Coffee said.
The CHP also is in the midst of a two-year “Look Twice, Save a Life” campaign to reduce the escalating number of motorcyclist deaths and injuries in the four counties with the worst accident rates.
San Diego County ranks No. 2 — behind Los Angeles County — with 52 motorcycle deaths and 1,134 injuries in 2008, the most recent figures available.
“This (sign) is a good way to get the message out that we share the road and need to look out for each other,” Coffee said.
At least, the signs have been noticed.
Outside Costco in Carlsbad yesterday, Bud Loury said he thought they were a good warning for drivers. Loury, who lives in Mexico, said he gets steamed while inching his car toward the border crossing and motorcycles thread between cars to the front of the long line, a maneuver some call “lane splitting.” The maneuver is legal in California.
The sign “is good advice because you don't see motorcyclists when they go crazy, zipping in and out of lanes,” he said. “If I were to hit one, someone would probably say I was to blame.”
Carlsbad resident Elaine Cosbey said the problem is drivers who don't want to share the road with motorcycles. “Everyone has a right to the highway,” she said. “A lot of (motorcyclists) get killed because drivers in cars don't have enough respect for them.”
Stanley Kling of Encinitas said he thought the signs didn't make sense.
“What's to share? You don't have any choice about that,” he said. “The sign says look twice, but I have enough to look at. There's no problem seeing motorcycles unless they're dashing in and out of lanes.”
Gary Meads, president of San Diego-based MeadsDurket advertising agency, said the message was clear enough and hit the industry standard of seven words or fewer for drive-by signs.
Considering that some drivers wish they didn't have to share the road with motorcyclists who weave between lanes or cut ahead in traffic, the message could be tweaked, he said.
“It might be better to lose the ‘share' and just stick with the ‘look twice for motorcyclists,' ” Meads said.
Motorcyclists said they welcomed the campaign because they're vulnerable on the road with inattentive drivers chatting on cell phones, adjusting radios or switching lanes without watching for smaller vehicles.
Although drivers may complain about motorcyclists lane splitting, it's legal if done safely, bikers said.
Oceanside Cycle Supply sales manager Ryan Dalby scoffed at the complaints Caltrans has received.
“Motorcyclists are much less distracted than drivers,” he said. “Riding a motorcycle is very fundamental. You're on two wheels, riding down the road.
“I like what Caltrans is doing. If it gets through to one person, it's done its job.”
Kevin Dotson, who drives both a motorcycle and a truck, welcomed the signs as a reminder that drivers should indeed look twice.
“People don't see motorcycles,” he said. “Even I don't sometimes. There have been times when I've been changing lanes in my truck and I didn't see a motorcycle because it's small and in my blind spot.”
Papua New Guinea, also known as the Barramundis, are joining the ODI cricket family © IDI/Getty
Papua New Guinea are set to make their debut as a one-day international side, when they play two matches against Hong Kong on November 8 and 9 in Townsville, Australia's newest international venue. The teams will also play a three-day match between November 11 and 13.
Hong Kong and PNG were given ODI status by the ICC after finishing fifth and sixth at the World Cup Qualifier in New Zealand this year.
"We want to be performing on the world stage against the big boys in the next five years and regular, quality international cricket is critical to achieving this aim," Dipak Patel, the former New Zealand spinner who is the PNG coach, said. "As our first official ODI matches, the Digicel ODI series is the starting point of the next phase in Cricket PNG's evolution."
The Tony Ireland Stadium in Townsville, north Queensland, which hosted 2012 Under-19 World Cup matches as well as several international A-team fixtures, was accredited as Australia's tenth international venue after an ICC inspection.
"Cricket Australia has been pleased to support the process of the stadium's accreditation as an ICC-approved venue, because we want more venues around the country to have the capacity to host international cricket," Cricket Australia's Senior Manager - Cricket Operations, Sean Cary, said. "We were impressed with the facilities during the recent series between Australia A and South Africa A, and see a bright future for the stadium."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
The NCHC released a statement on Wednesday saying that they will not move forward with any possible expansion at this time.
Here is the complete statement from league commissioner Josh Fenton:
“After careful consideration and a thorough vetting process, the National Collegiate Hockey Conference's Board of Directors announced the Conference will not move forward with membership expansion at this time. We will continue to be attentive to the college hockey landscape and any future changes that may come. However, our focus right now is guided by what we can do to strengthen our current membership into the future.”
Both Minnesota State and Arizona State had applied to join the conference, presumably as a package deal, for the 2018-2019 season.
Minnesota State declined comment in the wake of the news:
“At this time” may be the key part of the NCHC's statement. The linchpin of Arizona State's acceptance seemed to be the ability find a new arena to play in. As we discussed last week, there is still a lot of work to be done before a new arena partnership with the Arizona Coyotes becomes a building they can play in, and getting it done in less than 800 days seemed unrealistic.
That means Arizona State is likely to stay an independent program until the issue can be revisited. Being an independent is generally extremely difficult to do in college hockey due to the difficulty of fielding a full schedule, especially late in the season. So far, scheduling has not been a problem for the Sun Devils, and hopefully that will continue to be the case as they work to gain conference membership.
Get ready to hang up on the 408, and start dialing 669.
Why? We're simply running out of numbers.
State regulators Thursday gave final approval to a plan to replace the South Bay's longtime area code for new phone lines. Everyone in the 408 area code will keep their current numbers, area code and all, but two key changes are starting:
Those three little numbers have been synonymous with Silicon Valley and its identity for more than 50 years. But the approval granted by the California Public Utilities Commission will send 4, 0 and 8 to the vintage pile along with VHS tapes, typewriters and record players.
So in the past year the obscure group in charge of such matters — the North American Numbering Plan Administration — has introduced us to 6, 6 and 9.
But it's been a long time coming. The 408 has been officially “in jeopardy” of running out of digits since 1998, setting up a number “rationing” process that made the South Bay the area code's exclusive home, though the abundance of cellphones in the nation's tech capital has accelerated its death. Now, there are 8 million 408 numbers either in use or reserved for businesses and less than 50,000 available numbers left, just enough to get through early 2013.
The new number is believed to have been drawn at random, as far as anyone knows.
The 669 area code is expected to last 36 years, attaching itself to the next generations of techies, families and students from around Santa Clara County and very small portions of neighboring Alameda and Santa Cruz counties.
The commission's vote ends a small debate over who gets which area code. Another proposal would have split the region into two area codes, with some getting 408 numbers and others receiving 669, but that was deemed too confusing and an unnecessary hardship to people and businesses that would have had to change their numbers.
“With (the option chosen), no one has to change their telephone number, a result that is particularly appealing to me, since small businesses are facing such great economic challenges in this economy to stay competitive and cost-effective,” Commissioner Timothy Simon said in a statement.
It's not the first time the region has changed an area code. The 415 area code now attached to San Francisco was originally also assigned to all South Bay callers in 1947, before that, too, became endangered from overuse, and the 408 was launched in 1959. Then in 1999, San Benito County and most callers in Santa Cruz and Monterey counties lost the 408 area code as part of the plan to extend it as long as possible.
Contact Mike Rosenberg at 408-920-5705.
Willow Grove Presbyterian Church is sponsoring a series of Adult Forum Classes on the topic The New Atheism: A Christian Response. The classes will be held on Sundays, 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., in the Kiep Lounge of the church on Jan. 20 and Feb. 3, with additional classes scheduled later in the year. The classes will examine the new wave of atheism that has come along in the last ten years. It looks at excerpts of the book by the late Christopher Hitchens titled god is not great, How Religion Poisons Everything as well as videos by Hitchens and others on the subject.
We will discuss what a Christian response might be should anyone ever have to "give a reason for the hope that is within them"(1 Peter 3:15). The community is invited to join the discussion of this important topic facing churches today.
Facilitator Paul DiDario is a graduate of Julliard School of Music with a degree in piano performance, the Director of Music of Willow Grove Church, a piano teacher in a number of private schools, an elder on the church board, and a keen observer of popular culture.
Willow Grove Presbyterian Church is more than a place to worship on a Sunday morning. We are committed to helping people experience God's love and joy as a Christian community of faith, develop meaningful friendships with people of all ages, discuss current issues, provide fun and relevant programs for families, and do community service projects that make a difference.
The church is located at 1961 Raritan Road in Scotch Plains, near the southside soccer field. For more information about Willow Grove, call the church office at 908-232-5678, e-mail us at office@willowgrovechurch.org or visit willowgrovechurch.org.
A knife-wielding man attacked students and parents at the gates of a Shanghai school on Wednesday, China Central Television reported.
Authorities reportedly said the assailant went on the rampage after killing two women in a home nearby.
Police were called to Jinhui Primary School in the suburban Fengxian district at about 5 pm, CCTV said.
Xinhua News Agency reported that 11 people were wounded, including six children. None of the injuries were thought to be life-threatening.
A suspect, identified only as Zang, was detained at the scene, according to a police statement released at 7 pm.
The statement said Zang arrived in Shanghai from neighboring Jiangsu province on Tuesday and had killed two female relatives staying near Fengxian's Jinqian highway on Wednesday afternoon.
Authorities have reportedly blamed the killings on a family dispute.
The holiday season is a good time for a reminder that alcohol can do bad things to the brain. Studies on animals suggest that it reduces the number of neurons in the hippocampus, the brain's memory center, and weakens mitochondria there. Because mitochondria help produce energy within cells, their impairment can damage or kill brain cells. But two new animal studies offer some succor: Aerobic exercise, it turns out, may meliorate some of the impacts of heavy drinking on the brain.
Both studies were presented earlier this month at the annual Society for Neuroscience meeting in San Diego. The first, conducted by physiologists at the University of Louisville, involved adult male mice. Every day for 12 weeks — the equivalent of several human years — groups of mice received either injections of alcohol or salt water. Half the animals in each group were then put through daily treadmill workouts. These exercise sessions were short but intense: roughly two-tenths of a mile run at a strenuous pace.
The second study focused on binge drinking. Researchers from the University of Houston inserted tubes into the stomachs of female rats to provide consistent doses of either alcohol or nonalcoholic liquid every Monday night for 11 weeks. Half the rats in each of these two groups were then kept idle in their cages for the rest of the week, while the other half ran on wheels for up to two hours, three days a week.
In each study, the brains of the rodents that exercised after receiving alcohol were substantially different from those of their sedentary counterparts. The inactive mice had weakened mitochondria in many neurons; the runners had hardy mitochondria. The sedentary rats given alcohol had almost 20 percent fewer neurons in their hippocampi than the control animals. The rats who were made to work out, though, had as many neurons as the controls, even if they were given alcohol.
Jack Capuano is out as head coach of the last-place New York Islanders, with the team announcing the move Tuesday amid its 17-17-8 start to the season.
Assistant general manager Doug Weight will take over as coach on an interim basis. According to an NHL source, the Islanders have received permission from Florida to talk to former Panthers coach Gerard Gallant.
The move comes one day after the Islanders shut out the Boston Bruins 4-0. Team president and GM Garth Snow said the halfway point of the season played a role in the timing of the move.
Editor's Picks Firing of Jack Capuano has everything to do with keeping John Tavares Naming of Doug Weight as interim coach is intended to send a message to their superstar captain that the New York Islanders are serious about winning.
"Obviously, we're not in a position where we want to be standing wise," Snow said on a conference call Tuesday. "At the end of the day organizationally I don't think Jack was probably going to be a coach that we were going to bring back."
Last spring, the Islanders won a playoff round for the first time since 1993, defeating the Florida Panthers in six games. Capuano also was named an assistant coach with Team USA at the World Cup of Hockey in September.
This season has been a major disappointment for the Islanders, who as of Tuesday were in last place in the 16-team Eastern Conference and eight points out of a wild-card playoff spot.
"It's just been a different season that's unfolded compared to the last two years," Snow said. "We need to turn this ship around."
Isles Through 42 Games,
Last Two Seasons The Islanders are currently last in the Metropolitan Division and last overall in the Eastern Conference, a far cry from last season, when they won their first playoff series since 1993. 2015-16 2016-17 W-L-OTL 22-15-5 17-17-8 Points 49 42 Goals Allowed 105 128 -- ESPN Stats & Information
Capuano, 50, had been behind the Islanders' bench since 2010 and was the fourth-longest-tenured coach in the NHL behind Claude Julien of the Bruins, Joel Quenneville of the Chicago Blackhawks and Dave Tippett of the Arizona Coyotes.
Capuano's 483 games and 227 wins rank second in franchise history behind four-time Stanley Cup-winning coach and Hall of Famer Al Arbour.
"It's an honor to have served this historic franchise and its passionate fans," he said in a statement released by the team. "I'd like to thank Garth and our ownership group for the opportunity to be the head coach of the Islanders. I'd also like to recognize our coaching staff, training staff and players for all of their hard work."
The Islanders are under new ownership with Jon Ledecky and Scott Malkin, and that group is expected to consider major organizational changes this offseason.
Snow signed Andrew Ladd to a $38.5 million, seven-year contract in July and the winger has been a disappointment with 12 points in 41 games. The Islanders have also dealt with some injuries and waived veteran goaltender Jaroslav Halak to send him to the minors.
Snow said he takes "100 percent" responsibility for the underachievement but that he doesn't worry about his own job security.
"I don't think there's a player on our roster who I haven't had a hand in either drafting, picking up off waivers, a trade, a free-agent signing," Snow said. "Same with the staff, whether it's trainers, coaches, scouts. Obviously not hiding from the fact that it starts with me."
Weight, 45, has been with the Islanders in various coaching/front-office roles since retiring as a player after the 2010-11 season. He spent his final three playing seasons with the Isles.
Snow said Weight's relationship with all players, including Ladd, was positive and that he called captain John Tavares and others to inform them of the "organizational decision'' to fire Capuano.
Snow said assistant coach Bob Corkum would move down from the press box to the bench as part of the restructuring.
Information from ESPN's Craig Custance and The Associated Press was used in this report.
Commentators on the left and right have noticed the comparative discrepancy. In a take that is surprisingly not terrible, Charles Cooke at the National Review offers a perhaps cogent explanation:
As far as I can tell, Sanders believes that the Democratic party is strong — or at least tolerable – on the questions of race and immigration and police excesses, but unacceptably weak on the question of economics. That being so — and presuming that he knows he can't win – he is making a smart calculation here. Why would he bother talking about immigration when Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have already staked out a hard-line position? Why would he use his candidacy to discuss race when the first black president is still in office? Why would he expend his energy critiquing the excesses of American policing when Barack Obama is in the White House and Hillary Clinton is busy condemning her own husband for the tough-on-crime policies he advocated when in office?
Cooke's analysis is thoughtful, but mistaken in my view. Sanders understands the importance of keeping the White House in Democratic hands, hence his commitment not to run negative ads against Clinton. But nothing about his candidacy indicates that he is participating in the primary simply to be a message candidate; and even if he at first supposed that his only role would be to move Clinton to further populism on the issues of Wall Street reform and inequality, the strong start to his campaign would likely lead him and many others to think that he would be a viable alternative if Clinton's support erodes.
Instead, there are two reasons that Sanders hasn't yet addressed police violence and immigration in as much detail as many would like: one is called Iowa, and the other is called New Hampshire.
It may have made sense at one point for these two small states to have such outsized importance in the Democratic Party's process of selecting a presidential nominee, but if they ever existed, those days are long over. In today's political world, black and Latino voters are the Democratic Party's core constituencies, and yet the first state on the nominating calendar is Iowa, with a population that is 3 percent black and 5 percent of Latino origin. New Hampshire, the second state up, is even less diverse. Traditional arguments in favor of keeping the primary calendar the way it is usually state that these small states vet presidential candidates by forcing them to engage in retail politics and one-on-one conversations with voters. But even if we grant that premise, the voters Democratic candidates are learning to appeal to do not represent the country's voters as a whole, and they especially don't represent the Democratic Party's base voters.
Simply put, communities that are over 90 percent Caucasian with relatively small urban centers are going to care far less about immigration reform or racial bias in policing than those in South Carolina and Nevada, the states that immediately succeed Iowa and New Hampshire on the presidential primary calendar. From a purely political perspective, it is important for Hillary Clinton to address these issues to make sure that nobody else can outflank her with minority primary voters. But Sanders' only chance of success is to make a strong showing in the retail states of Iowa and New Hampshire by keeping a laser focus on the traditional message of economic populism that has appealed to Democratic voters since the campaign of William Jennings Bryan in 1896.
Imagine instead if Nevada and South Carolina were the first two Democratic primary contests. In 2008, the last time there was a contest for the nomination, Latinos comprised 15 percent of the total voters in the Nevada caucuses, whereas black voters were a solid majority of Democratic primary voters in South Carolina. Kicking off the Democratic primary process in states like these would leave candidates no choice but to talk about the issues that matter to minority voters.
It's not as if Sanders won't ever address these issues: it is almost certain that they will come up in Democratic primary debates, as well as the primary campaigns in South Carolina and Nevada if the nominating contest is still at issue at that point. But those who are upset that these issues have not been a key point of the Democratic debate already shouldn't blame Sanders or the easy catch-all of "white liberalism." Instead, they should turn their ire on a nominating calendar that is a counterproductive vestige of a bygone era.
Meet the Maker
We love making connections with our customers, so, come and ‘Meet the Maker'. We know from speaking with our customers that completing a ‘generic online sign order' does not give them the same attachment to their sign as when they can see and touch the product and actually meet with the person who will make their sign for them.
Therefore we actively encourage customers if at all possible, to arrange a visit to meet us and discuss the options available to you.
You can often select the piece of slate that will be used for your sign so there is a real connection with it. We have a SIGN ORDER FORM to help get you started if you cannot visit us in person. Don't worry if you cannot visit, call us instead – we'd love to hear from you 07854-953088
Make an appointment with us
Whether you live locally or are visiting Cornwall on holiday or an family / friend visit, call us up and come and meet Pat at the workshop. You can discuss in detail what you want even if it is a simple house number. Telephone 07854-953088
Its much better than ordering via an online shop.
When you can offer customers the option of actually talking to them, why wouldn't you? Potential customers find it really useful to get help and assistance in choosing the right product for them. Make that connection with the Piece of Cornwall that will adorn your home and the actual person that will be making your sign. Pat looks forward to speaking with you personally, showing you the slate and discussing how to make that ‘piece of Cornwall' just for you.
It's no secret that America is often unhappy with Comcast customer service, as the cable provider has ranked dangerously low in recent surveys in the customer satisfaction department. Frustration with cable fees has heated to the point that one Albuquerque Comcast customer became so angry that she pulled a gun on a worker for the cable company.
According to a criminal complaint filed in Metropolitan Court, Gloria Baca-Lucero was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon on Monday, and booked into jail. She was released later that day, reports the Albuquerque Journal.
Police say that a Comcast serviceman was reporting to work in her home when the incident occurred. Baca-Lucero had thought the work would be free, but the worker informed her of a fee, prompting her to call customer service, who told her that she would have to pay for the service. Baca-Lucero refused to pay and took one of the worker's tool bags into her home.
When the worker went to get it back, he said she pulled out a handgun and pointed it at his torso, reads the complaint.
The worker left the property before calling 911.
Baca-Lucero told police the tools were left behind and she wouldn't give them back when he returned. The complaint states that when the worker refused to leave, she pointed the gun and he left, after which she also called police.
According to the court document, when police searched her home they found a Glock along with a magazine and 11 rounds, as well as the tool bag in question.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Friends and family of a retired Quad City steelworker say he died trying to protect them during an unprovoked surprise attack in their own backyard.
Davenport Police say they are still investigating and interviewing both sides in the Friday night fight, and are waiting for autopsy results to see what killed 65-year-old Steve Burton of Davenport.
"He was everybody's uncle. A gentle giant, who took care of everybody," said friends of Burton.
''My dad, basically what he did was defend me because one of the guys, when they started rushing the patio, they came at me," said Lisa Elliot, Burton's daughter who was there when her father died.
It happened in a normally quiet neighborhood on the city's west side at 3106 Homestead.
Jaymie Bryant and Kelly Teuscher have rented the home for a couple of months and dispute that the altercation was the result of any kind of neighborhood feud.
"There was no fight. They attacked them on the patio. They had their backs turned when these five guys rushed over," said Teuscher. ''Who does that? These men are in their twenties. He's a 65-year-old man. Who does that?" she asked.
"All the neighbors say the same thing, they've had issues with this neighbor," said Bryant. "In fact, at 4:30 Friday afternoon, when I came home from the bank, he was wielding a baseball bat and trying to chase his cousin with a baseball bat," he said.
Bryant says the group included his next-door neighbor and his friends, about five in all. He says Burton, who was more than six feet tall, stood up and tried to protect them.
"He tried to avoid the confrontation. We were all like, 'What are you doing?' They just went ape," Bryant said.
"The neighbors say they saw Steve go down and they were kicking him in the head," Burton said.
"They are in our yard! I don't understand. Now I feel guilty. I have a close, dear friend that's gone now. I feel like if I hadn't lived next door to this guy, it wouldn't have happened," Bryant said.
Funeral services are set for Friday for Burton, who lost his wife fifteen years ago.
"I just hope these guys are caught soon and proper action is taken. The only thing that gives me peace is he's there with my mom in heaven," said Elliot.
Bloomberg / Getty Images Left, Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller introduces the iPhone 5 on Sept. 12, 2012. Samsung CEO J.K. Shin brandishes two Galaxy S4 phones at the product launch on March 14, 2013
Who's winning the mobile platform wars, Apple's iOS or Google's Android?
It's one of the blogosphere's favorite tech topics. Every new nugget of competitive information is fodder for an avalanche of coverage. Oftentimes, a story will declare that Android is beating iOS or that iOS is beating Android.
Really, though, it's silly to obsess over any one data point. If what you're after is a clear idea of how the world's two dominant mobile operating systems are doing — rather than an excuse to make bold proclamations and/or cheer for your favorite — you want to consider lots of data points.
So that's what I'm doing in this post. I've rustled up results from a bunch of studies, focusing on information that's relatively fresh. (In some cases, it dates from the fourth quarter of 2012 — stats for the first quarter of this year are still scarce.)
A few notes on this exercise:
I'm not really going to look at changes over time. Trajectories are important, but there's a limit to how much I can do in one story.
I won't do deep analysis of why the numbers look the way they do. I'm collecting rather than interpreting, though I hope that some of you will draw conclusions in the comments.
I'm not going to include specific numbers for anything other than iOS and Android. Sorry, Windows Phone and BlackBerry — I'll come back to you and how you're doing at some point, I promise.
I won't include forecasts and other predictions. I don't believe in 'em.
I'm not endorsing any of these studies. That's dangerous unless you have a thorough knowledge of the methodology behind the numbers. Which I don't.
Without any further ado, here are some key competitive questions, and the answers as provided by various research firms.
Which platform is selling the most smartphones?
In research conducted from mid-November through mid-February, Kantar Worldpanel Comtech showed sales of all Android phones outpacing the iPhone by a hefty margin: 52.1 percent to 43.5 percent. However, judging from past Kantar studies, these figures may be more of a freeze-frame of the competition at one particular point in time than a permanent reality: last year, Kantar had Android in the lead for a spell, and then it said that iOS had bounced back into first place.
Then there's Comscore's MobiLens study, which attempts to measure the smartphone platforms used by everyone in the U.S. over the age of 13 — not just ones sold recently, but everything. The numbers it released this month are pretty similar to Kantar's.
That's the U.S. — how about everywhere else?
Worldwide, all those companies making Android phones sell a lot more units than Apple sells of the iPhone, says IDC. In the fourth quarter of 2012, Android had more than 70 percent share, vs. 21 percent for the iPhone.
And tablets?
Tablet shipment data is harder to come by than data for phones, and the most recent specific numbers by platform I could find were IDC's full-year estimates for 2012, which it released on December 5 of last year. They had demand for 7″ Android tablets adding up to a decrease in the iPad's dominance — but iOS still remained the most popular tablet operating system.
Which companies are selling the most smartphones?
Worldwide, according to IDC, Samsung — which deals primarily, but not exclusively in Android models — was the top manufacturer in the fourth quarter of last year, unit-wise. Apple was in second place.
In the U.S., however, Strategy Analytics says that Apple's iPhone shipments outpaced Samsung. (Strategy Analytics says that its numbers are for “mobile phones,” so they may include plain ol' flip phones as well as smartphones.)
Who's making money selling smartphones?
As you might guess from the above two charts, Apple and Samsung are the ones raking in the bucks, says Canaccord Genuity. And Apple is raking in far more of them than Samsung, taking 72 percent of the profit in the last quarter of 2012. Samsung made 29 percent of the industry's profit — mostly for Android phones, although it also has Windows Phone handsets. Everybody else in the business, including Android-centric makers such as HTC and Motorola, either broke even or lost money — which is why Apple and Samsung's profits add up to more than 100 percent.
Which platform has the most apps?
After years of obsessing over the sheer quantity of apps available for these two platforms, the numbers seem to be similar, and similarly impressive, on both sides. Both Apple and Google currently claim more than 800,000 third-party programs for their respective platform.
What do the numbers look like for tablet-specific apps?
For iOS, Apple says there are more than 300,000 iPad-optimized programs. For Android: I wish I knew! As far as I know, Google hasn't disclosed this number. But it's safe to say that it remains piddling compared to Apple's figure.
O.K., who has the best apps?
I hesitate to bring this up, because app quality is inherently subjective. But a company called uTest uses a system called Applause to crawl Apple's App Store and Google's Google Play, collecting user reviews and rankings. It then turns this data into scores from 1 to 100 for individual apps, and calculates average scores for each platform. In data published in a ReadWrite story in January, it said that the average iOS app, with a score of 68.5, is superior to the average Android app, at 63.3.
Which platform's users are downloading the most apps?
According to Canalys, just over half of all apps downloaded in the first quarter of this year were for Android. iOS, at about 40 percent share, was the only other big-time player.
Who's making money from app downloads?
According to Canalys's data for the first quarter of this year, iOS users are spending much more on apps even if they're downloading fewer of them overall.
Which platform gets used most on the Internet?
NetMarketShare publishes monthly stats on which browsers and operating systems are being used on the Net. Its report for March 2013 says that among mobile devices, iOS rules with 60.1 percent share. Android is way behind at 24.9 percent. Given that there are more Android devices out there, the data suggests that iOS users are disproportionately active online.
But here's something weird: StatCounter, which does a similar study, comes up with numbers that are nothing like NetMarketShare's. Its figures for March show Android usage easily outpacing iOS. Of course, the two organizations' methodology may be radically different; I'm not sure, for instance, whether both, either or neither of them include the iPad in these numbers. But the disparity is a healthy reminder that it's risky to draw conclusions from data you don't know very much about.
Which platform is more widely used in business, iOS or Android?
A Citrix report covering the fourth quarter of 2012 comes as close to addressing this question as any recent study I've seen. It covers Citrix customers that “have deployed enterprise mobility management in the cloud,” and shows iOS as trouncing Android and everything else.
So who is winning — iOS or Android?
You had to ask, huh?
On some level, it's too crude a question to take very seriously. There are just too many ways to define “winning,” and neither platform leads in every area. But here's the closest thing to an objective answer I can manage.
“Android if you're talking about market share; iOS if you mean financial success. So far, this is a strikingly different market than the PC business back in the 1990s, when market share translated directly into financial success.”
You, of course, are entitled to come to a different conclusion — and if you do, I hope you'll share it in the comments.
MORE: Today Is the First Day of the Rest of Android's Life
GOP frontrunner Donald Trump's son Donald Trump, Jr. joined Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM with host Stephen K. Bannon and said he and his father are disappointed in Fox News – particularly the network's “inflammatory” and “childish” press release mocking Trump.
“It has nothing to do with Megyn Kelly,” he said, of his father not attending Fox News's GOP primary debate tonight in Des Moines, Iowa and instead holding an event for veterans. “A press release of that nature, that's that inflammatory and that childish, that doesn't come from a low level guy in a marketing department.”
Trump was referring to this statement put out by Fox News in response to Trump asking his Twitter followers whether or not he should attend the debate on Thursday:
We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president — a nefarious source tells us that Trump has his own secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings.
He said both him and his father didn't think the press release was professional, as it was mocking someone who could become the next President of the United States.
Red Bull's new livery was unveiled "deep in the heart of achingly fashionable east London", according to a press release
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner says anticipated improvements to the team's Renault engine this year will create a "season of two halves".
Red Bull failed to win a race in 2015 as Renault's turbo hybrid unit lagged behind those of Mercedes and Ferrari.
But the French manufacturer's return as a constructor after buying out Lotus is likely to trigger "significant progress", according to Horner.
"The first half is going to be less competitive than the second," he added.
"I believe it will be a transitional year. I think we are going to start the year with some progress from the end of last season, but I think with our engine partner's commitment to buying a team we will see staged progress during the course of the year."
Red Bull scrapped their previous contract with Renault amid last season's poor results and sought an alternative supply with Ferrari and Mercedes.
After those negotiations failed, Red Bull arranged a new deal with Renault that will see the engines badged with the name of new sponsor TAG Heuer.
Renault will be assisted in its development of the engine by British company Ilmor, which has previously acted as a consultant for Red Bull on engine design.
Horner was speaking in London at the launch of the team's new 2016 livery, which featured a toned-down matt paint scheme.
"It feels like a new era for the team, with a sharp new livery that's distinctive and is going to stand out on track," Horner continued.
"Over the years we evolved a certain look but with the clean sheet of paper we had this time we decided to do something very different.
"It's innovative and aggressive. It looks right and things that look good tend to go well, so hopefully we'll see that on track."
The new livery was showcased on a previous season's car, with the team's new RB12 not due to break cover until testing in Barcelona on Monday.
The new season begins in Australia on 20 March.
It has been a very full month of development on OpenShot 2.0, with all my focus on completing the library (which is a huge part of the development work required to make OpenShot a successful cross-platform application). Like any large complex application, there have been many unexpected issues and delays, but I'm still making good progress, and am very close to my initial schedule. By "very close" I mean, I am about 2 weeks behind schedule on a few tasks, and ahead of schedule on a few other tasks. When you take the average completion % of tasks, I am very close to what I planned.
Effect Framework
Documentation & Examples
Build Instructions
Rewards Update
(at least that is how I feel)
Schedule Update
One of the key features I've completed is the "Effects Framework", which is how various audio and video effects are added to the timeline. Not only can effects be added to clips, and stacked together, but every parameter / setting can be manipulated with keyframes (powered by the OpenShot curve-based animation framework). I am very pleased with how this turned out, and look forward to getting feedback from users once it is released.What good is a library if nobody knows how to use it. I have spent the past 2 weeks improving the documentation, adding detailed usage examples, and incorporating diagrams / graphics to explain how everything works. This will help other developers contribute to OpenShot once the library is released, and will also help potential users of the library evaluate how it works. In the long run, having good documentation will help improve the quality of contributions and thus the quality of OpenShot in the future.Another area I have improved dramatically is the build instructions, which contains detailed instructions on compiling the OpenShot library for Windows, Mac, and Linux. It is designed to be understandable by non-programmers, and will also help people interested in packaging OpenShot for different operating systems and do-it-yourself users who always want the latest version.I have successfully processed all physical rewards, including T-shirts, USB Flash drives, and signed certificates. This was a crazy, insane process that taught me much about the US postal system (as well as many other countries and their crazy mail systems). I am so glad that this is behind me now! In all honesty, the rewards process took about 6 weeks longer than I expected it to and about $2,000 more than I originally planned. To make up for this lost time, I just worked longer hours and got less sleep. =) So, being a week or two behind on some tasks is not so bad, considering all the additional labor I had not planned forThe library could be released at the end of September, just like my original plan, but there are still some tasks that need to be completed before the library is ready for "prime time". I will keep everyone posted on the schedule, especially as I attempt to complete the library in the next 8 days. Thanks again for all the support. I am so excited to complete the library and move onto the cross-platform Qt interface tasks. This is really going to be an amazing video editor, and the anticipation is killing me. I just wish I had a large staff of people to help me do it quicker. =)
The California Supreme Court today struck down the state's limits on how much medical marijuana a patient can possess, concluding that the restrictions imposed by the Legislature were an unconstitutional amendment of a 1996 voter-approved initiative.
The decision means that patients and caregivers with a doctor's recommendation to use marijuana can now possess as much as is "reasonably related to the patient's current medical needs," a standard that the court established in a 1997 decision.
"I'm very pleased. They gave us exactly what we wanted," said Gerald F. Uelmen, a law professor at Santa Clara University who argued the case for Patrick K. Kelly, a medical marijuana patient from Lakewood who was convicted of possession and cultivation. "This makes it very clear that all of the rights of patients under the Compassionate Use Act are fully preserved."
The initiative did not limit the amount of marijuana that a patient could possess or cultivate other than to require it be "personal medical purposes."
88 Shares
When Western medical researchers wanted to unlock the healing properties of plants they asked Amazonian shaman. Simon Green is doing the same.
Remarkable healing stories.
Interview with Simon Green healer and founder of Quantum Life Bodyworks on Shamanism and healing work with plant medicine.
Join Skeptiko host Alex Tsakiris for an interview with Simon Green about his Shamanistic practices and the healing properties of plant medicine:
Alex Tsakiris: Maybe we need to add a little Yankee imperialism into the mix too and say, “ayahuasca… it's DMT… I'll figure out a way to crush it down, crank it out, give it to people, and lo and behold, they have a lot of the same kinds of experiences.”
Simon Green: …that's a very common troupe in stories about ayahuasca but in fact, ayahuasca is called “ayahuasca” because of the vine ayahuasca which is not the tryptamine-containing compound or plant.
Alex Tsakiris: It's the blocker, right? It's the one that blocks it in your stomach so that it doesn't run through so you can process the DMT?
Simon Green: Correct. Exactly. At a biochemical level but in fact you can take ayahuasca without any DMT admixtures and have a similar experience. The visions aren't as bright. The DMT containing plant gives brightness to the visions but it's the intelligence of the ayahuasca, of the vine; that plant that contains the MAOI inhibitors that allows for the oral application of DMT. They're not the same thing and as you mentioned, Rick as I recall, many of his subjects were extraordinarily confused by what they encountered or surprised to say the least. I think this is one of those instances where we can say well there's that pharmacological attitude of taking the constituent chemical saying, well that plant works because of the constituent chemical and not looking at the bigger picture and saying well, there's a relationship between the human and the plant they're envibing. And we could've gone to those people who have a longstanding with those plants and say, what do you think about DMT versus MAOI inhibitors?
Click here for Simon's website
Click here for YouTube version
Click here for forum discussion
More interviews with Alex on WhyScienceIsWrong.com
Read Excerpts From The Interview:
Simon talks about the challenges of measuring the processes taking place in healing ceremonies and the importance of historical experiences–[7min.51sec-10min.38sec]
Alex Tsakiris: We were chatting before about the conversation I had with Paranthroplogy journal editor, Jack Hunter, who is taking an anthropological approach to saying as we look at how these extended consciousness experiences are happening, how do we really nail down what's happening scientifically? As you and I were talking about, is it a ritual doing it? Is it the spiritual doing it? Could you do this just as well with a Ouija board to somehow access these spirits? Or with a psychic or a medium? And it really raises the question of, we're playing around with not only these substances but we're playing around with these spirits in a way that we really don't understand. What are we getting into when we do this?
Simon Green: I think we get ourselves in many cultural backwaters. I'm thinking for example of all the technology that we've adopted in modern western culture. We adopted without question mobile telephones or tobacco cigarettes; or all of the new chemicals that come on to the marketplace that are fantastic. They're going to change everything and then we discover that they weren't as great as we thought and we have all of these problems. We're not a thoughtful culture in terms of let's sit back and ask the questions that you're asking now. With that being said, I think there's some of that going on in terms of this recent boom in information and interest in these plants. But I think that we're coming into it from a perspective where there is an existent relationship. And we can actually take the historical information with the people who have had a historical relationship with these plants, and use them wisely. I think the big problem is–I mentioned spirits. That's a huge stretch for a lot of people and not very scientific in any way. But I think that you can start from the point of the people who know about these plants in this particular instance and say well, you say it's that and we have cultural difficulty with [it], but not to discard that.
[easy-tweet tweet=”think of these plants as living technology… used in same way we use ultrasounds and MRIs — Simon green” via=”no” usehashtags=”no”]
Recounting an experience with the appearance of the Virgin Mary, Simon sheds light on the mystical aspects of ceremonial healings that transcend personal belief–[30min.9sec-34min.34sec]
Alex Tsakiris: You can see the effect of the colonial, wisdom tradition of Christianity and how it just steamrolls over and obliterates any kind of cultural heritage that people have. It's really hard to take from an anthropological standpoint to step back and do it but I put all that out there. A Christian would come on and tell you they've seen the same thing, and they could probably bring evidence for it in terms of the amazing healing power of Jesus and Christ Consciousness; and lives transformed; and healings done; and people who have healed in the name of that spirit. So what do we make of Christian healing? We can't ignore that either.
Simon Green: No we cannot. And I agree with you, and we're not going to sort this out by next Tuesday. And I think that's the reason for this discernment, and the data collection, and so on. So we can have some kind of relatively solid ground to stand on. I mean the thing that one learns particularly engaging with master plants from the Americas is that there really isn't that much solid ground. But from a cultural point of view, I think we need all of these studies and observations to try and sort wheat from chaff and work out what's going on. You ask about Christian healing. I have a fairly hard standpoint in terms of Christianity and the mechanisms of the church–the imperialist mechanisms of the church. And I do place the Catholic Church fairly high up on that list in terms of wrongdoings. But I had a healing session where a harm had been occasioned in the ill-advised use–the un-ritually contained use of ayahuasca. And with another plant mentioned, Huachuma, we entered a ritual space in order to cure that although the causes weren't specifically available until such time as we entered that space and could bring that particular lens. If you think of these plants as–it seems rude of me to say so–but a good analogy is to think of them as technology, although living technology, in the same way that we use ultrasounds and MRIs to do diagnostics. In the Amazon we'll use ayahuasca as a diagnostic tool to understand the nature of the illness and then the appropriate medicines in terms of other plants. And it should be mentioned that ayahuasca doesn't exist by itself. There's a whole pharmacopeia of medicinal plants that g along with that tradition. But in this instance, a curing was effected and the prior wrong, righted to a degree. And then there was a visitation to the best of my understanding, the Virgin Mary.
Alex Tsakiris: Wow.
Simon Green: Now I'm an outspoken rejecter of the Catholic Church but there was ten people in that ceremonial space: the person who had the curing, and another one, and myself. And I was the one running the show and I pointed out, are you aware of what that is? And the two other people–or three people bore witness to this event's reality. The others were unaware of that but for the person who'd been sickened by this harm, it was a tremendous healing event.
Simon describes an extraordinary experience he had in the Andes during what's known in Shamanism as a Huachuma ritual–[39min.18sec-47min.14sec]
Alex Tsakiris: I just did an interview not too long ago with Raghu Markus and David Silver who are both followers of a spiritual teacher that I feel a great connection to, Neem Karoli Baba from India. So Neem Karoli Baba is back in the ‘60s and he has Ram Dass and Krishna Das, you know the famous Kirtan musician. And David Silver and Raghu Markus and these guys around there, all Jewish guys, that's they're education–[Krishna Das] is talking to them about Jesus. And he's saying that the tears were streaming down his face as he talks about Jesus; and he says practically every Christmas I go to the church…so you have to wonder two things: Here is a guy who is a spiritual master and he's corroborating the reality of that spiritual being. There's no projecting, psychologizing, or any of that. He's saying, no, that's a powerfully, super-important spiritual being that's out there. It's a power. But there's also a certain playfulness [with] it that I think is evident, at least what I hear in the work with shamans and healers too, there's this trickster, playful kind of thing. Why is he bringing Jesus up to these guys who were raised in the Jewish tradition? It's kind of a twist, a tweak. And they see that too. So the complexity of this I think is fun, and energizing, and exciting. But at the same time it's challenging because I see so many potholes that we're going to step into as we try and figure this out.
Simon Green: As do I and I think that's why my point of focus is the immediacy of making people's lives better. With regard to the playfulness, one of the principal healing tools in the tradition of ayahuasca use is an Icaro, a magical song that has a different quality that might bring with it the–you may not have a plant but you know the song of that particular plant. And this is not isolated to ayahuasca. But you can sing the Icaro of that plant and that plant's doctor. Its sentience and consciousness comes and applies what's needed for the patient who's being addressed at the time.
Alex Tsakirs: Let me interject and make sure I understand what you're saying here. So you're saying that if, in the absence of the plant, if the plant wasn't available or they didn't have it, they could invoke the song and it would bring forth this spiritual healing from the spirit directly?
Simon Green: Correct. And this is what I said at the outset: there's this big focus–and this is an indication of this reductionist mind–what's the thing that makes us have the vision physically? In fact ayahuasca is embedded in this tradition of doctoring and plant doctors. And a Curandero may diet with [several] plants; other master plants that teach through dreams or however, and then they become part of their team if you will. So they can sing the song of the particular doctor that belongs to that plant that has a particular quality, or that celestial being that has that particular quality which leads me to my story: I was engaged in a Huachuma ceremony in the high Andes. Huachuma is a cactus [and] also a strong tradition of visionary Shamanisms in the northern, coastal drier regions of Peru and into Ecuador–similar to the Native American's peyote. And so I was in the Huachuma ritual and here I lean well away from any hope of recovery in terms of how we can quantify this scientifically. Some spirits arrived and they gave me a particular Icaro, a particular song. And this is often how Icaros are given. They're given by the plants or by the beings and then can be used later on; like a tool that you learn or a gift that somebody offers you. And they gave me an Icaro and that ceremony concluded. Some months later I was back in the jungle with a friend who was a colleague, an Ayahuascero. And she often asked me to do curings or sing at her ceremonies. And I started to sing this Icaro that had been given to me from another plant–not really in the context of ayahuasca but I sang it nonetheless. And these beings appeared and said, “We'll be there in 15 minutes.” And I said that's a little bit odd, a little bit human. Fifteen minutes seems a very human construct. And they said, “Just keep singing and we'll see you in 15 minutes.” And I watched. It was a moonlit night. There were no clouds…
Alex Tsakiris: And you're singing a song that you don't know from memory. You've never heard [it] before. It's been transmitted?
Simon Green: Well it's been transmitted and I have sung it one other time in that ceremony where it was given to me. And so in this ayahuasca ritual, the Curandera who was holding the ritual said, “Can you sing for me?” And because it was the moment I chose that song that just arose in me. So I said I'll sing that Icaro from there. So I was singing and as I said, “We'll be there in 15 minutes.” And I questioned this with my farmer's mind. And over in the distance I could see a cloud; a storm front come in. And we're in a clearing in a jungle and I'm sure you can imagine the force of Amazonian rain. And I watched this cloud front move across the landscape at about a fast human jog coming directly towards us in this clearing. And I watched it hit the edge of the clearing and I'm singing. Eventually it the side of [the clearing] where we were having this ceremony. And moving across the landscape was this wall of water at the edge of this storm front and it hit the edge of [the clearing]. And I turned to watch it come out the other side as I was singing, and it didn't come out. And I turned back to look and there was a silver wall of water as the rain ran off the other side of [the clearing]. And I looked up in the other direction and it had stopped halfway across [the clearing]. So on one side it was a beautiful, clear, moonlit night, and on the other side it was torrential Amazonian rain. And the rest of the people in the ceremony realized it, and there was this collective gasp. And then these spirits said to me, “We told you that we would be there in 15 minutes.”
photo by Nick Jewell
I click on my ^ button, the one nestled by the date time, in the lower left-hand corner of my screen. A wave of nausea comes over me. Look at them, all those stupid little distribution applets crowded together. Like little leeches whose sole purpose is to await the opening of my wallet. Every publisher has one now (the latest criminal? Bethesda's horrible client). Most of these distribution apps are pathetic sniveling attempts to impersonate Steam. Why bother?
The answer is tied to diverting some of Valve's profits back into their own pockets. Every game publisher now has invested in a distribution system to compete with Steam, how well that's working out for them is unclear. Some like Uplay, integrate and play nice with Steam; as if to not piss off the Gabe giant. Others, like Electronic Arts' Origin system, is more about controlling high price points on their popular titles well beyond the release dates; than bringing anything new to the table. Then off to the left, there's the innocuous Windows 10 Store, just smug and content out of reach of all other applets interred in the pit to the right.
Is the Windows 10 Store and it's gaming any better than Steam and its competitors? No, not by a long shot. However, peruse the games for sale and you can't help notice the piles of negative reviews on triple A title, especially Microsoft's exclusive titles. These negative reviews seem to have one common theme “UWP (Universal Windows Platform) sux!!!1”. Does it? Or is this another example of abusing game review systems to get a singular point across?
There are some bad things about Windows 10 Store games that cannot be ignored. UWP purchased and apps are saved in a protected and encrypted area on your PC. One big DRM vault on your hard drive that is difficult to mess with. This prevents UWP from being copied and pirated, but it also prevents modding. In addition, there are numerous quirks with installing and updating games tied to it. The Windows 10 Store is also prone to numerous failures, which can take hours to troubleshoot. Simple updates to popular games can take anywhere from 24-48 hours to distribute properly to clients. Just get hit with your first Store cache mix-up, and you will understand.
However is it really that bad? Well no, it's not that bad either. Since its release, there have been a number of updates to the OS that have brought fixes and improvements to the Store. Some of those aches (but not all) have been alleviated, including the handy command line function WSReset.exe. Once installed, all of the games play smooth as silk. No crashes and good performance with every single game in the store. Again, it's baffling to read hundreds of reviews claiming that this or that game “refuses to run” and “crashes to the point it's unplayable” with a final “Windows 10 store games are just awful”. With such differential experiences, I decided to dig a little deeper into those claims.
Not only do we publish numerous reviews for games, here at GWTW we spend a great deal of time reading them. Several Steam games will also receive a heap of angry attention; with one of the bigger antagonizing issues being a title that is using Denuvo DRM encryption. Steam games themselves have a DRM that verify ownership of that title (but no one ever complains about Steam's DRM). The list of angry gamers claiming Denuvo causes crashes or makes the game unplayable is rather long. How valid are those claims? Our GWTW utilizes approximately fourteen gaming PCs and laptops, with a game library on Steam in the thousands. Every Steam game we own works and plays without issue – Denuvo DRM or not. Those that do crash are patched up within days in most cases. The same can be said for the Windows UWP games. They just work. Thus the claims of horrible game performance and crashes seems dubious.
Microsoft seems most afraid of game piracy on their own OS than any other publisher. However, their thoughts on the matter have changed with UWP, because since Windows 10's release they have been intent on sharing first-party exclusive games previously limited to the Xbox console with PC gamers. Even their highly touted IPs such as Halo and Forza are sold in the Windows 10 Store, and as a bonus they are Play Anywhere titles (meaning you buy the game once and play it on either Xbox or PC). Those gamers out there (like me) that have consoles and computers and a tribe of kids that play on both do appreciate the licensing flexibility.
For casual gaming, full Xbox Live integration is an intuitive service, and it has blended its way into Windows 10 Store games. Achievements are linked across platforms. Xbox Live communication also works seamlessly between PC and console players. As well as, for Play Anywhere titles, game saves are on Microsoft's cloud servers, and transfer with ease between platforms.
As I look at Windows Store games as a whole it's hard to blame Microsoft for everything its own game reviewers rage against. For example, not every game on Steam supports modding. Popular games on other platforms like Overwatch, do not support modding in any way. It is a downside that no game on UWP can be modded, but that would be something Microsoft should consider forcing it's first party developers to work on – a folder or section for custom maps or XML editing. It's also hard to blame them for trying to control piracy. CD Project RED is a development company that had its own battles against piracy. While at first they were for strict DRM, they dropped that approach and GoG distribution is an open system. Their strategy changed to a “carrot, not stick” idea (Source: PC Gamer), while their Witcher series was highly successful at over 20 million total unit sales, CD Projekt Red still estimates 2-3 times as many copies were pirated. Microsoft's UWP is a strict system, but if it helps move over some of their more desirable titles away from exclusive-to-consoles and into PC gamers' hands, I'm all for it.
Windows 10 Store games will never overtake Steam's grip on the PC gaming market. It doesn't have to. There are several things Microsoft could do however to vamp up its platform, making it more appealing and integral to every gamer's arsenal. Microsoft is big enough and competitive enough to force all of its third-party partners to offer Play Anywhere Windows 10 versions of any game sold on Xbox One consoles (Madden on PC anyone?). While titles like Halo Wars 2, Gears of War, and Forza are DirectX 12 exclusive, no one has really pushed the API anywhere close to its documented potential. Isn't this something Microsoft Game Studios should be pioneering? There are still millions of PC gamers that are not on board with Windows 10, DirectX 12, and its benefits – and developers know that building a DX12 from the ground up is just not in their best interest at this point. So why not flagship that project? Why not design a game for Windows 10 PCs in mind, then port down to Xbox One X consoles? With so many gamer enthusiasts looking to push VR and 4k gaming, it would appear to be a prime time to drop a title or two with dazzling visuals and capitalize.
Microsoft could also make a push to put all their older classics onto the Windows 10 Store as well. Would their backward compatibility work translate from Xbox One to PC? There doesn't seem to be a reason to believe it wouldn't. This would bring in nostalgic love from gamers, and maybe new fans who never played some of the previous 360 exclusives. There is also the bigger equalizer for gamers: budget. While Windows 10 Store is not as stingy as Origin has been, it is also not the rampant discount spree that Steam has proven to be.
Final Verdict: Is the Windows 10 Store bad? The Store itself needs work, the games it houses are not much of an issue. There is much room for improvement, and if Steam integration could happen on any level it would be a monumental bridge between claiming you support PC gaming and actually supporting PC gaming. Microsoft Game division executives need to jump out of their suites in Seattle and spend some time with real gamers. There are plenty of things they are doing that suggest “they get it” (Play Anywhere) and so many things that still suggest they are clueless (like, how come the Windows 10 Minecraft version is still the garbage mobile device equivalent?). It is clear, that it is not the horrible cesspool described by some of its own reviewers. If it were ever to become an integral part of every gamer's library depends on Microsoft's eagerness to appease the ever expanding PC gaming market. Also, how flexible Microsoft will be with the columns that already support that complex PC marketplace.
NEW DELHI, March 17 (Reuters) - India has exempted payment in rupees for oil imports from Iran from hefty local taxes, a move that would help refiners settle some of their oil trade with the sanctions-hit country if the current mechanism through Turkey folds under fresh sanctions.
The finance bill, part of the annual budget presented on Friday, said the exemption in the “national interest” would be implemented from April 1.
India and Iran in January agreed to settle 45 per cent of oil trade in rupees, which are not freely traded on international markets. Iran planned to use rupees to pay for imports from India.
But the mechanism had not been taken up because of the 40 percent withholding tax, which both Indian refiners and the National Iranian Oil Co (NIOC) had refused to pay on transactions.
India's State-run Hindustan Petroleum Corp in February said Indian firms cannot pay for Iranian crude imports in rupees unless the federal finance ministry exempted such payment from the tax.
“It is therefore proposed to insert a new clause ... to provide for exemption in respect of any income of a foreign company received in India in Indian currency on account of sale of crude oil to any person in India,” subject to certain conditions, including government approval, the bill said.
India buys 12 percent of its oil needs from Iran, worth about $11 billion annually.
Iran, facing ever tighter sanctions from the U.S. and the European Union over its nuclear ambitions, is the second-biggest oil supplier to India while New Delhi is Tehran's second biggest client after China.
Currently Indian refiners are paying for their oil imports through Turkey's Halkbank, but refiners fear this system may fall foul of the new sanctions.
Sources at Indian refiners said they would be making 45 percent of payments in rupees and the remainder through Halkbank as long as that mechanism functions.
“If the Budget is passed by the parliament, we may pay 100 percent through (the rupee mechanism) if the Turkey route stops,” said one of the officials. (Reportinng by Nidhi Verma; Editing by Jo Winterbottom and Jonathan Thatcher)
Calls are overwhelming our 911 center due to Napa Co. 🔥 & winds are pushing smoke into Marin. Please call 911 only if you see 🔥 near your 🏘 — Marin County Sheriff (@MarinSheriff) October 9, 2017
Building was evacuated in #SF because we can smell the #napafire from here and someone pulled the alarm. Stay safe, everyone. — nicolecifani (@cifanic) October 9, 2017
Ten people have been confirmed dead and at least 1,500 structures have been destroyed in fires raging in California wine country, according to a CalFire chief.Around 20,000 people have been evacuated, the agency said. Seven deaths were confirmed by the sheriff in Sonoma County. One death occurred in Mendocino County, according to the sheriff there. Two others occurred in Napa County, according to CalFire.California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection Director Ken Pimlott said numerous people have been injured and a number of residents are also missing as 14 large fires burn across eight counties and 57,000 acres.A Northern California county says it has received more than 100 missing-person reports as family and friends scramble to locate loved ones while wildfires ravage the state.Scott Alonso, communications director for Sonoma County, says the reports have come via calls to a hotline the county set up for the missing.It is possible that many or most of the missing are safe but simply can't be reached because of the widespread loss of cell service and other communications.Pimlott called the estimates of destroyed structures very conservative. He said the fires are burning throughout an eight-county swath of Northern California, including Napa, Sonoma and Yuba counties.Among the burned structures were dozens of houses at a mobile home park that were destroyed in a 20,000-acre brush fire in Santa Rosa, which is one of several out-of-control fires burning in Northern California.It has been dubbed the Tubbs Fire and is one of at least five large brush fires burning in the region, which ignited structures and forced residents to evacuate in Napa, Sonoma and Mendocino counties. Several smaller fires are also burning in the region.Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency for Butte, Lake, Mendocino, Nevada, Napa, Sonoma and Yuba counties due to several brush fires burning in those regions.The fires are believed to have begun late Sunday night near Highway 128 in Napa County and progressed toward Santa Rosa city limits.The fires forced the closure of all public schools in Santa Rosa and Calistoga on Monday. The Tubbs Fire triggered the evacuation of Kaiser Permanente in Santa Rosa. Workers quickly moved patients to other nearby hospitals.Another hospital in the area, Sutter Hospital, was also placed under evacuation orders.A 4,500-acre blaze in Mendocino County triggered the closure of multiple roads along the 101 Freeway. The blaze has also crossed the 101 Freeway in Santa Rosa, igniting structures west of the freeway. Another fire in the county - dubbed the Potter Fire - has burned 1,500 acres.Mandatory evacuations were in place for multiple areas in Napa County, where at least two other blazes on top of the Tubbs Fire are burning. The Atlas Fire is at 5,000 acres and the Patrick fire is at 100 acres.Windy and dry conditions were making it difficult for firefighters to battle the blaze. Wind was gusting in the areas up to 50 mph.With so many fires, residents of Sonoma County struggled to figure out what roads to take, finding downed trees or flames blocking some routes. One of the blazes in Sonoma County was at 300 acres and has been dubbed the Nuns Fire.Fires also burned just to the east in the Napa County wine country as well as in Yuba, Butte and Nevada counties - all north of the state capital. Cal Fire tweeted that as many as 8,000 homes were threatened in Nevada County, which lies on the western slope of the Sierra Nevada.The Marin County Sheriff's Department tweeted that they were being overwhelmed about calls due to the smoke.Smoke from the fires spread throughout the Bay Area. One Twitter user reported that her building was evacuated after a resident pulled the fire alarm due to the smell.The San Mateo County Sheriff's Department issued a notice to residents to expect a strong smell of smoke from the fires.The National Weather Service said widespread wind gusts between 35 mph and 50 mph were observed in the north San Francisco Bay region and isolated spots hit 70 mph. The winds were expected to subside at midday.Community centers, the Sonoma County Fairgrounds and other local centers were opened for evacuees.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In his morning address to the Values Voter Summit on Saturday, GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney slammed Bryan Fischer, the speaker slated to take the stage after him, for spouting “poisonous language that does not advance our cause.” As we reported in September, American Family Association issues director and radio host has said that Mormonism is not protected by the First Amendment, called pre-Columbian Native American societies a “slop bucket,” and called for the mass deportation of American-born Muslims. A ubiquitous presence at conservative confabs like VVS, GOP politicians like Newt Gingrich, Herman Cain, and Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.) have been regulars on Fischer's radio program and have consistently blocked questions about his incendiary rhetoric. Not Romney. Here's what he said, toward the end of his remarks:
Our values ennoble the citizen, and strengthen the nation. We should remember that decency and civility are values, too. One of the speakers who will follow me today has crossed that line. Poisonous language does not advance our cause. It has never softened a single heart nor changed a single mind. The blessings of faith carry the responsibility of civil and respectful debate. The task before us is to focus on the conservative beliefs and the values that unite us—let no agenda narrow our vision or drive us apart.
That's some uncharacteristic real talk from a candidate who's notorious for having it both ways. And it wasn't the only example of Romney speaking truth to power. At the beginning of his speech, he made a passing reference to Robert Jeffress, Rick Perry's endorser on Friday who called Mormonism a cult. Perry had said Jeffress “knocked it out of the park” with his speech. Romney, in praising his own endorser, Jay Sekulow of the American Center for Law Justice, said Sekulow a previous speaker, Bill Bennett, who condemned Jeffress' remarks, said Bennett, “really hit it out of the park.” As far as jabs go, it was a subtle one, but a sign nonetheless that Romney was aware of Friday's controversy.*
Fischer, speaking immediately after Romney, made no mention of the candidate's statement—or, for that matter, Mormonism.
But here's the thing: Romney also praised the man who introdcued him, Jay Sekulow of the American Center for Law and Justice, as a “treasure.” While Sekulow is an accomplished litigator who's argued cases before the Supreme Court—and certainly never called anyone's culture a “slop bucket”—he's not too far removed from Bryan Fischer when it comes to Islam. In November, he'll join Pamela Geller, ACT! for America, and Frank Gaffney for a conference on how to confront Islam in the United States, and his organization, the ACLJ, has taken the initiative in combating the invisible menace of Islamic law in American courts. Given his track record and his work in the field, you could make a pretty good case that Sekulow's work actually has a much greater impact on anti-Muslim political efforts in the US than Fischer's.
Mitt Romney's Sista Soulja attack on Fischer was a noteworthy moment. But it was a purely political one at that.
Update: I caught up with Family Research Council president Tony Perkins, who organized the event, and he told me Romney's campaign had not raised any concerns to him about speaking before Fischer. “I think there needs to be a civility in the dialogue that takes place, and we certainly can disagree and disagree strongly, but it does need to be civil,” Perkins said. “Discourse is important. But we don't want anybody shutting down the debate, and that's part of the problem with maybe more inflamed rhetoric, is there is one side that's trying to shut down the debate. The left is trying to shut off debate and not have a discussion.” He wouldn't comment on whether he personally believes Fischer crossed any lines.
Update II: Fischer responds, and says Romney insulted the base: “I thought it was tasteless and impolite. Part of what I thought was tasteless about it was that he was allowing the New York Times, Southern Poverty Law Center, People for the American Way to dictate the content of his speech at the Values Voter Summit. And I think that shows a real lack of respect for the people here.” Fischer, who has said previously that Mormons is not protected by the First Amendment, refrained from parroting the talking points of Dallas Pastor Robert Jeffress, who yesterday said the fact that Romney belong to a “cult” was a strike against him. But he repeated a point you'll hear a lot of at the VVS: Mormonism is “outside the mainstream of historic Christian Orthodoxy. I mean, that is not a pejorative statement, that's just an objective historical observation.” Asked if his suggestion that the nation needs a true Christian in the mold of the Founding Fathers was a dig at Romney, Fischer demurred: “I wasn't thinking about anyone in particular at all.”
*I've cleared up the language here a bit.
NO, IT'S NOT AMD, it's Core 2 Quad. Lotsa website gigglebytes were recently spent comparing the Phenom II Black Edition 955 to the Core i7 965 or the as still yet unannounced 975. (Notice how similar these part numbers are getting, by the way?)
However, aside from extreme overclocking, Core i7 still wins almost all benchmarks. Same for its dual-headed twin, the Nehalem EP Xeon W5580. There is, however, some not so well advertised competition in some areas. Ever looked at the SiSoft Sandra 2009 AES cryptography benchmark? Here it is:
Notice how the Nehalem is throughly overrun - by more than 10 per cent - by its immediate 3.2 GHz Penryn based predecessor despite the newbie running at 3.33 GHz in Turbo mode, while AMD needs to use 4-socket monsters to stay on the charts at least till Istanbul arrives? The same would apply on the desktop side, by extension.
Why? Well, every "Yorkfield" Core 2 Quad or its "Harpertown" Xeon equivalent have two dual core dies inside, each with 6 MB fast (15 to 18 cycle) L2 caches, for 12 MB total. Yes. there is a humongous FSB hop penalty when going between the dies, but it is still smaller than going between two chips across two FSBs and a North Bridge in between when using a DP system.
However, if for some reason your critical code fits nicely in that 12 MB cache, and the threads don't kiss each other too much over that FSB - and yet that same code finds Nehalem's shared 8 MB L3 at 35+ cycles depending on the uncore clock too small and/or slow - then that code may run faster on the older chip.
As mentioned before, I really hope that Westmere will have, besides a 12 MB L3 cache to feed its expected six cores, also an improved latency profile including eliminating the 3-cycle core-to-uncore penalty that exists right now even if both are clocked the same.
A 975X chipset-style PAT mode that cuts that latency for direct in-sync clock situations would be welcome back. In the meantime, if you have similarly clocked and configured "Penryn" and "Nehalem" generation systems, and time at hand, just play with your apps, you might discover some interesting stuff! µ
All Gender Age Race Male Female 18-34 35-49 50-64 65+ White Black Asian/
Other Hillary Clinton 61% 57% 64% 50% 60% 63% 69% 57% 72% 61% Bernie Sanders 30% 33% 28% 45% 27% 30% 23% 35% 17% 36% Undecided 9% 10% 8% 5% 13% 7% 9% 9% 11% 3% Composition of likely/actual
Dem. primary voters 100% 43% 57% 19% 28% 27% 25% 66% 26% 7%
According to this poll, Hillary wins AAs 72% to 17%, a 55% margin. She wins Hispanics/Latinos 61% to 36%. She wins women 64% to 28%. She wins with people making under 40k income 62% to 30%, between 40k and 80k 55% to 37%, and those making over 80k 70% to 21%.
.
ILLINOIS
The second largest prize on March 15th's Super Tuesday II lineup is Illinois, with 182 total delegates at stake. A poll out today shows the following result:
Hillary 67%, Bernie 25%
Clinton holds commanding lead over Sanders in Illinois
Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton holds a commanding lead in her native state over U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders ahead of next Tuesday's Illinois primary election, a new Chicago Tribune poll has found. The survey showed Clinton outpacing Sanders by a better than 2-to-1 margin, with 67 percent saying they'd vote for the former secretary of state and 25 percent saying they'd back the Vermont senator. Another 8 percent were undecided.
A 42% lead in Illinois, as per this poll. Hillary is poised to win Illinois by strong double-digit margins, that much is quite obvious at this point.
Clinton swept nearly every demographic and geographic category among Illinois Democratic voters. And nearly 4 of 5 voters had a favorable opinion of Clinton, who was born in Chicago and grew up in suburban Park Ridge, compared to about 6 in 10 with a favorable view of Sanders.
Hillary enjoys an almost 80% favorable rating in the state, Bernie is near 60% on that metric.
Black voters:
The survey found Clinton's strongest support came from African-Americans, with 76 percent of black voters saying they'd vote for her compared with 16 percent for Sanders. An overwhelming 85 percent of black voters had a favorable impression of Clinton while just 4 percent had an unfavorable view. By contrast, only 44 percent of black voters said they had a favorable view of Sanders while 18 percent said they had an unfavorable opinion.
Hillary enjoys a 60% margin with AA voters in Illinois. Her favorable numbers have her at a net of +81% with AAs, while Bernie's net is +26%.
Hispanic voters:
Among Hispanics, Clinton led Sanders 74 percent to 19 percent. Similar to the numbers with black voters, nearly 75 percent of Hispanic voters had a favorable impression of Clinton while just 48 percent said the same about Sanders.
Among Hispanics Hillary enjoys a 55% margin in this poll. Her favorable numbers with Hispanics are 27% better than Bernie's.
One bright spot:
The one bright spot in the poll for Sanders: Like other states, he held the upper hand with the youngest voters in Illinois. Among Democratic voters ages 18 to 35, Sanders had 56 percent to 44 percent for Clinton. But voters ages 36 to 49 broke for Clinton, 51 percent to 43 percent. She also dominated among voters older than 50, with nearly 70 percent of voters favoring Clinton.
Bernie has the upper hand with young voters, Hillary with all other age groups.
.
OHIO
The third largest prize on March 15 is Ohio with a total of 159 delegates at stake. A new poll out today has the following findings:
Hillary 56%, Bernie 35%, a 21% margin.
PPP Poll: Clinton Enjoys 21-Point Lead In Ohio
The poll's PDF:
www.publicpolicypolling.com/…
A synopsis of some of the findings:
Ohio AAs: Hillary 74%, Bernie 12%
Whites: Hillary 51%, Bernie 42%
Women: Hillary 59% Bernie 30%
Men: Hillary 51%, Bernie 42%
18 to 45: Hillary 41%, Bernie 50%
46 to 65: Hillary 62%, Bernie 28%
Over 65: Hillary 70%, Bernie 22%
.
NEW YORK
A month after March 15 comes New York, the second most delegate rich state with a total of 292 total delegates at state. A new poll out yesterday from Siena College had the following findings:
Hillary 55%, Bernie 34%, a 21% lead.
Clinton & Trump Continue Hold Commanding Leads in New York in Their Respective Party Primaries
Hillary Clinton maintains her 21-point lead over Bernie Sanders, 55-34 percent, exactly the same as it was last month, according to a new Siena College poll of New York State registered voters released today.
The numbers aren't budging. Hillary is holding the same 21% lead she had a month ago in New York.
“Hillary's lead over Bernie among Democrats is unchanged since last month. She has the support of 55 percent of Democrats in every region of the state, leading him by 21 points in New York City, 24 points in the downstate suburbs and 19 points upstate. She leads by 10 points with men and 28 points with women. While Sanders has a 17-point lead with Democrats under 35, Clinton leads by 39 points with those 55 and older,” Greenberg said.
Also out between today and yesterday a few other polls:
MARYLAND
Hillary 57%, Bernie 26%, a margin of 31%.
baltimore.cbslocal.com/…
Finally, the poll asked about the Democratic presidential candidates. Former Senator and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has a broad lead over Senator Bernie Sanders. She's ahead by over 30 points. Fifty-seven percent of Democrats say they will vote for Clinton. Twenty-six percent support Sanders and 17% are undecided. Among African-Americans, she beats him 71% to 10%.
IDAHO
Hillary 45%, Bernie 47%, a margin favoring Bernie of 2%
idahopoliticsweekly.com/…
The key result, of course, is among Idaho Democrats. A month ago Clinton held a 12-percentage point lead among Democrats. But that has disappeared, found Jones. Now, Sanders leads Clinton among Democrats, 47-45 percent. Political independents, who can vote March 22, really favor Sanders, 42-19 percent, over Clinton – who despite her Idaho showing appears well on her way to winning the Democratic Party's presidential nomination.
.
CONCLUSION:
Except for the Idaho caucus forecast the polls shows uniformly good news for Hillary over the last 2 days for the next contests and beyond. Of course, people still have to go out and vote, polls are polls, voting is where it is at. If you are in one of the remaining states, look at the primary calendar to make sure that you are a registered voter to avoid running afoul registration deadlines. Also, if you are interested, canvass, phone bank, drive people to register and on voting day see if you can drive someone in need of help to the voting places.
All methodologies are listed in the various polls' links.
At this point, I get the sense that Meek Mill wants to beef with Kendrick to beat the publicity drum. I don't know. I could be way off. Kendrick just doesn't seem to be responding a whole lot. The reason I say this is because just today Meek fired off another shot at Kendrick in a new version of "Levels."
In the new version, he says:
“These n***a aint f****n with me ,who the f**k is Kendrick Lamar."
I just don't understand this thinking, especially considering this seems to be Kendrick's year.
Now, Kendrick had some stuff to say in the BET Cypher, but from what I heard, that was mostly directed to Drake. I believe AHH will have the video exclusively tomorrow. Stay tuned.
“They keep us talking, but if we stop talking about them then they should worry!” -illseed.
Illseed, Out.
GET INTERACTIVE WITH ALLHIPHOP.COM!
Follow us on Twitter! Like us on Facebook!
Email illseed rumors: kingillseed@gmail.com
As part of the Obama administration's repeated insistence – though without offering proof – that the recent sarin gas attack near Damascus was the work of the Assad regime, the administration has downplayed or denied the possibility that al-Qaida-linked Syrian rebels could produce deadly chemical weapons.
However, in a classified document just obtained by WND, the U.S. military confirms that sarin was confiscated earlier this year from members of the Jabhat al-Nusra Front, the most influential of the rebel Islamists fighting in Syria.
The document says sarin from al-Qaida in Iraq made its way into Turkey and that while some was seized, more could have been used in an attack last March on civilians and Syrian military soldiers in Aleppo.
The document, classified Secret/Noforn – “Not for foreign distribution” – came from the U.S. intelligence community's National Ground Intelligence Center, or NGIC, and was made available to WND Tuesday.
It revealed that AQI had produced a “bench-scale” form of sarin in Iraq and then transferred it to Turkey.
A U.S. military source said there were a number of interrogations as well as some clan reports as part of what the document said were “50 general indicators to monitor progress and characterize the state of the ANF/AQI-associated Sarin chemical warfare agent developing effort.”
“This (document) depicts our assessment of the status of effort at its peak – primarily research and procurement activities – when disrupted in late May 2013 with the arrest of several key individuals in Iraq and Turkey,” the document said.
“Future reporting of indicators not previously observed would suggest that the effort continues to advance despite the arrests,” the NGIC document said.
The May 2013 seizure occurred when Turkish security forces discovered a two-kilogram cylinder with sarin gas while searching homes of Syrian militants from the al-Qaida-linked Jabhat al-Nusra Front following their initial detention.
The sarin gas was found in the homes of suspected Syrian Islamic radicals detained in the southern provinces of Adana and Mersia.
Some 12 suspected members of the al-Nusra Front were arrested. At the time, they were described by Turkish special anti-terror forces as the “most aggressive and successful arm” of the Syrian rebels.
In the seizure, Turkish anti-terror police also found a cache of weapons, documents and digital data.
At the time of the arrest, the Russians called for a thorough investigation of the detained Syrian militants found in possession of sarin gas.
This seizure followed a chemical weapons attack in March on the Khan al-Assal area of rural Aleppo, Syria. In that attack, some 26 people and Syrian government forces were killed by what was determined to be sarin gas, delivered by a rocket attack.
The Syrian government called for an investigation by the United Nations. Damascus claimed al-Qaida fighters were behind the attack, also alleging that Turkey was involved.
“The rocket came from a place controlled by the terrorists and which is located close to the Turkish territory,” according to a statement from Damascus. “One can assume that the weapon came from Turkey.”
The report of the U.S. intelligence community's NGIC reinforces a preliminary U.N. investigation of the attack in Aleppo which said the evidence pointed to Syrian rebels.
It also appears to bolster allegations in a 100-page report on an investigation turned over to the U.N. by Russia. The report concluded the Syrian rebels – not the Syrian government – had used the nerve agent sarin in the March chemical weapons attack in Aleppo.
While the contents of the report have yet to be released, sources tell WND the documentation indicates that deadly sarin poison gas was manufactured in a Sunni-controlled region of Iraq and then transported to Turkey for use by the Syrian opposition, whose ranks have swelled with members of al-Qaida and affiliated groups.
The documentation that the U.N. received from the Russians indicated specifically that the sarin gas was supplied to Sunni foreign fighters by a Saddam-era general working under the outlawed Iraqi Baath party leader, Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri.
Al-Douri was a top aide to Saddam Hussein before he was deposed as Iraqi president.
The sarin nerve gas used in the Allepo attack, sources say, had been prepared by former Iraqi Military Industries Brig. Gen. Adnan al-Dulaimi. It then was supplied to Baath-affiliated foreign fighters of the Sunni and Saudi Arabian-backed al-Nusra Front in Aleppo, with Turkey's cooperation, through the Turkish town of Antakya in Hatay Province.
The source who brought out the documentation now in the hands of the U.N. is said to have been an aide to al-Douri.
Al-Dulaimi was a major player in Saddam's chemical weapons production projects, the former aide said. Moreover, Al-Dulaimi has been working in the Sunni-controlled region of northwestern Iraq where the outlawed Baath party now is located and produces the sarin.
The NGIC depiction of the variety of sarin as “bench-scale” reinforces an analysis by terrorism expert Yossef Bodansky, who said the recent findings on the chemical weapons attack of Aug. 21 on the outskirts of Damascus, Syria, was “indeed a self-inflicted attack” by the Syrian opposition to provoke U.S. and military intervention in Syria.
Bodansky, a former director of the U.S. Congressional Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare, said a preliminary analysis of the sarin showed that it was of a “kitchen” variety and not military grade.
He questioned that the sarin was of a military variety, which accumulates around victims' hair and loose clothing.
Because these molecules become detached and released with any movement, Bodansky said, “they would have thus killed or injured the first responders who touched the victims' bodies without protective clothes … and masks.”
Various videos of the incident clearly show first responders going from patient to patient without protective clothing administering first aid to the victims. There were no reports of casualties among the first responders.
“This strongly indicates that the agent in question was the slow acting ‘kitchen sarin,'” Bodansky said.
“Indeed, other descriptions of injuries treated by MSF (The French group Doctors Without Borders) – suffocation, foaming, vomiting and diarrhea – agree with the effects of diluted, late-action drops of liquefied Sarin,” he said.
The terrorism expert said that the jihadist movement has technologies which have been confirmed in captured jihadist labs in both Turkey and Iraq, as well as from the wealth of data recovered from al-Qaida in Afghanistan in 2001 and 2002.
He added that the projectiles shown by the opposition, which were tested by U.N. inspectors, are not standard weapons of the Syrian army.
Meanwhile, an Italian former journalist and a Belgian researcher who were recently freed from their al-Nusra captives say they overheard their captors talking about their involvement in a deadly chemical attack “last month,” which would have been the Aug. 21 chemical weapons attack.
The Italian, Domenico Quirico, and Belgian researcher Pierre Piccinin were released Monday after five months of captivity.
“The government of Bashar al-Assad did not use Sarin gas or other types of gas in the outskirts of Damascus,” Piccinin said.
While captive, Piccinin said the two had overheard a Skype conversation in English among three people.
“The conversation was based on real facts,” said Quirico, claiming one of the three people in the alleged conversation identified himself as a Free Syrian Army general.
He added that the militants said the rebels carried out the attack as a provocation to force the West to intervene militarily to oust the Assad regime.
Both men told a news conference they had no access to the outside world while they were held captive and knew nothing about the use of chemical weapons until they heard the discussion on Skype.
Now, a former analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency, Ray McGovern, similarly backs the claim that the Syrian rebels perpetrated the poison gas attack on Aug. 21
McGovern was one of a number of veteran intelligence professionals who recently signed a letter to Obama saying that Damascus wasn't behind the Aug. 21 chemical attack.
As WND recently reported, former U.S. intelligence analysts claim current intelligence analysts have told them Assad was not responsible for the Aug. 21 poison gas attack, saying there was a “growing body of evidence” that reveals the incident was a pre-planned provocation by the Syrian opposition.
The analysts, in an open letter to Obama, referred to a meeting a week before the Aug. 21 incident in which opposition military commanders ordered preparations for an “imminent escalation” due to a “war-changing development” that would be followed by the U.S.-led bombing of Syria. They said the growing body of evidence came mostly from sources affiliated with the Syrian opposition and its supporters.
Those reports, they said, revealed that canisters containing chemical agents were brought into a suburb of Damascus, where they were then opened.
“Initial meetings between senior opposition military commanders and Qatari, Turkish and U.S. intelligence officials took place at the converted Turkish military garrison in Antakya, Hatay Province, now used as the command center and headquarters of the Free Syrian Army and their foreign sponsors,” the analysts said.
The VIPS memo to Obama reinforces separate videos, which show foreign fighters associated with the Syrian opposition firing artillery canisters of poison gas. One video shows Nadee Baloosh, a member of an al-Qaida-affiliated group Rioyadh al-Abdeen, admitting to the use of chemical weapons.
In the video clip, al-Abdeen, who is in the Latakia area of Syria, said his forces used “chemicals which produce lethal and deadly gases that I possess.”
Edward Sylvester "The Only" Nolan (November 7, 1857 – May 18, 1913) was a Canadian professional baseball pitcher, outfielder, and third baseman.[1]
Although he was raised in Paterson, and the 1900 census shows his birthplace as New Jersey,[citation needed] both the 1870 and 1880 censuses indicate that he and his three older brothers (John, Mills and Michael) were born in Canada.[2] His parents were James and Mary Nolan, both born in Ireland. He married Mary Coyle around 1882 and they had two children, Marguerita (born 1891) and Edward (born 1895).
Career [ edit ]
Nolan broke into baseball with the Indianapolis Blues of the National League in 1878. On May 21, Nolan set down the Milwaukee Grays with just 2 hits‚ but the Blues barely won the 6–5 game because of 11 errors and passed balls.[3] He was expelled by the team on August 14 when he told the team he was going to a funeral, but instead went drinking. During the league meetings in December, Nolan's appeal for reinstatement was denied.[3]
In 1881 Nolan was allowed to return to the league, this time with the Cleveland Blues. On July 23, Nolan not only pitched Cleveland to a 7–3 win over the Buffalo Bisons, but went 4-for-4 at the plate.[4] Nolan and teammates John Clapp and Jim McCormick missed the team's September 20 game in Worcester because their return from a side trip to New York City was delayed by a train wreck. They were each fined $100.[4]
At a National League meeting in Saratoga Springs, New York later that month, the league adopted a blacklist of players who were barred from playing for or against any NL teams until they were removed by unanimous vote of the league clubs. Nolan was one of the ten blacklisted for "confirmed dissipation and general insubordination". The other nine were Sadie Houck‚ Lip Pike‚ Buttercup Dickerson‚ Mike Dorgan‚ Bill Crowley‚ John Fox‚ Lew Brown‚ Emil Gross‚ and Ed Caskin.[5]
He pitched in 7 games, all losses, for the Pittsburgh Alleghenys in 1883 before being released for disciplinary reasons. He played two more professional seasons for the Wilmington Quicksteps and the Philadelphia Quakers before retiring.[1]
Bill James and Rob Neyer report Nolan has having thrown an unusually fast (for his day) underhand fastball and a combination of curveballs.[6]
A range of possible origins of the nickname "The Only" have been claimed over the years, one states that the reason for the name derives from the fact that no other Nolans, either first or last name had played or was playing in the majors at that time, therefore he was the only Nolan. The other is slightly more elaborate. In the period following the Civil War, a wildly successful minstrel performer of the day, named Francis Leon, rose to prominence performing a burlesque act while simultaneously in both blackface and drag. His popularity prompted many imitators. In response, Leon began billing himself and his act as, "The Only Leon." The theory follows then that Ed Nolan somehow reminded an observer of Leon, thus sparking the similar nickname.[7]
After his baseball career was over, Nolan worked for the Paterson, New Jersey Police Department. He had worked there about 15 years, he suddenly became ill and died of nephritis[8] at the age of 55.[9] He was interred at the Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Totowa, New Jersey.[1]
References [ edit ]
Witness earth-shaking battles in the Vortex as your heroes face off their opponents in the Vortex Arena: Terrestrial Showdown! Bring your best earth element squad and win!
Vortex Arena Schedule
Event Duration: 6 Days
September 30, 00:00 PST - October 05, 23:59 PST
Results Consolidation: 5 Days
October 6, 00:00 PST - October 10, 23:59 PST
Reward Period: 7 Days
October 11, 00:00 PST - October 17, 23:59 PST
NOTE:
Rewards from Vortex Arena: Terrestrial Showdown will need to be manually claimed by players during the claiming period.
Rewards from will need to be manually claimed by players during the claiming period. Rewards that are not claimed during the 7 days of Reward Period will be forfeited .
The Arena AI behavior of the following units will be temporarily adjusted during the event period:
Lanza (7✯ and Omni versions)
(7✯ and Omni versions)
KING OF FIGHTERS Leona (7✯ and Omni versions)
(7✯ and Omni versions)
Hetepheres (7✯ and Omni versions)
(7✯ and Omni versions) Since Water Vortex Arena has ended, Sae's (7✯ and Omni versions) AI behavior has been reverted to its intended type.
Vortex Arena Battles:
Each Vortex Arena match consumes a Vortex Arena Orb . Vortex Arena Orbs recover every 60 minutes, up to a maximum of 6 Orbs. Every Vortex Arena Battle won, Tournament Points (or TP) are added.
Vortex Arena Battle Rules:
For Vortex Arena: Terrestrial Showdown , only a squad made of EARTH units is allowed to join.
During a Vortex Arena battle, Summoners are NOT able to:
Control units during battle. (Units will perform attacks on their own discretion.)
Use any items during the battle.
Victory goes to the squad able to knock out all members of the opposing squad within the time limit.
If neither team is defeated within the time limit, the winning team will be decided according to the following sequence of conditions:
The team with the greater number of surviving Units.
The team with the greatest remaining HP.
The team that inflicted the greatest total damage.
Vortex Arena Battle Points:
Tournament Points (TP) increases with victories in Vortex Arena battles & decreases with defeats.
Get more TP by defeating participants with a higher TP rank than that of your own. The max amount of TP obtainable is 200 while the minimum amount is 25 when winning a battle. A fixed amount TP of 10 is given to participant when losing to an opponent.
TP will only go up when a player attacks another player. Defensive wins or losses do not affect TP.
Dark Soul Dranoel will be a powerful leader unit during Vortex Arena: Terrestrial Showdown. Secure more wins and reach the top of the rankings with him! For more info about the unit, refer to this LINK.
Vortex Arena Battle Rewards:
Players can stand to win the rewards from Rank Title, Daily and Overall Rewards. Here is the list of rewards available for this season of Vortex Arena:
Rank Title Rewards
Rank Title Points (TP) Rewards Sanctified 10,000 Elementum Tome x10 Consecrated 8,000 Summon Tickets x1 Worshipped 6,000 Elementum Tome x5 Exalted 4,000 Terra Shard x100 Celebrated 3,000 Elementum Tome x5 Glorified 2,000 Gem x2 Honoured 1,500 Terra Shard x100 Esteemed 1,000 Gem x1 Praised 500 Terra Shard x100 Neutral 0 -
Daily Ranking Rewards
Ranking Rewards 1-10 Terra Shard x50 Fulgur Shard x50 Duel Token x1000 11-100 Terra Shard x40 Fulgur Shard x40 Duel Token x800 101-1000 Terra Shard x30 Fulgur Shard x30 Duel Token x600 1001-5000 Terra Shard x20 Fulgur Shard x20 Duel Token x500 5001-10000 Terra Shard x10 Fulgur Shard x10 Duel Token x400 10001-30000 Terra Shard x10 Fulgur Shard x10 Duel Token x300 30001-100000 Terra Shard x10 Fulgur Shard x10 Duel Token x200
Overall Ranking Rewards
Ranking Rewards 1-10 Terra Wing x1 Geminus Tome x10 Elementum Tome x5 Duel Token x10000 11-500 Terra Wing x1 Geminus Tome x5 Elementum Tome x5 Duel Token x8000 501-1000 Terra Wing x1 Geminus Tome x5 Elementum Tome x5 Duel Token x6,000 1001-5000 Shale Wing x1 Earth Crystal x20 Elementum Tome x5 Duel Token x5000 5001-10000 Earth Crystal x15 Earth Oracle Lv. 2 x1 Elementum Tome x5 Duel Token x4000 10001-30000 Earth Crystal x10 Earth Oracle Lv. 1 x1 Earth Mecha God x1 Duel Token x3000 30001-100000 Earth Crystal x5 Earth Mecha God x1 Earth Totem x1 Duel Token x2000
Exclusive Sphere reward for Top 1000
Terra Wing
Atk Boosting Sphere Type
Raises Atk parameter limits to 170000, 150% boost to Atk and greatly boosts critical hit rate [30%] of Earth types, damage taken restores HP [100% chance heal 20% Dmg], 150% boost to Spark damage & adds max HP boost [15%] for all allies effect to BB/SBB
Exclusive Sphere reward for Top 1001 ~ 5000
Shale Wing
Atk Boosting Sphere Type
Raises Atk parameter limits to 150000, 100% boost to Atk and boosts critical hit rate [20%] of Earth types, 100% boost to Spark damage & adds boosts own max HP [15%] effect to BB/SBB
Keep a look out for the updated list of items available in the Vortex Arena Event Bazaar every season!
This Event Bazaar will be open all year round. Here is the list of items which will be available for exchange using Duel Tokens.
Item List in Event Bazaar:
Giving every adult in the United States a $1,000 cash handout per month would grow the economy by $2.5 trillion by 2025, according to a new study on universal basic income.
The report was released in August by the left-leaning Roosevelt Institute. Roosevelt research director Marshall Steinbaum, Michalis Nikiforos at Bard College's Levy Institute, and Gennaro Zezza at the University of Cassino and Southern Lazio in Italy co-authored the study.
The study made economic forecasts for three proposals: a full universal basic income in which every adult gets $1,000 a month ($12,000 a year), a partial basic income in which every adult gets $500 a month ($6,000 a year), and a child allowance in which parents get $250 a month ($3,000 a year).
The larger the universal basic income, the greater the benefit to the economy, according to the report.
A $1,000 cash handout to all adults would grow the economy by 12.56 percent after eight years, the study finds. Current Congressional Budget Office estimates put the GDP at $19.8 trillion. The cash handout would therefore increase the GDP by $2.48 trillion. (Vox first did this extrapolation in their coverage of the report, and Steinbaum confirmed the accuracy of the extrapolation to CNBC Make It by email.)
The $250 allowance would grow the GDP by 0.79 percent and a $500-a-month payment would grow the GDP by 6.5 percent.
A Blue Card for Rugby
March 14, 2015 by sportingjim
Rugby is wildly popular in New Zealand, and that's no news for anyone who follows sports.
It may be less appreciated how much medical research on rugby and other sports comes from the Land of the Long White Cloud. The University of Otago in Dunedin, for instance, conducts a good amount of research on sports medicine in general, and on concussions in particular. Recently, the University hosted a conference entitled ‘Understanding sports concussion: facts and fallacies.'
Our intrepid reporter from New Zealand, Dr. Hamish Osborne, is on the editorial board of CJSM and has previously done some guest blog posts when he was attending the annual ACSP conference in Australia. He was one of the faculty at the Otago lecture and I asked him to share with us any of the important topics addressed . What follows is the current breaking news on how NZ Rugby is managing concussions. Thanks Hamish!
____________________________________
New Zealand Rugby Rolls out Concussion Blue Card (Dr. Hamish Osborne)
New Zealand rugby has approved the rollout of the “Blue Card” system to all levels of rugby in New Zealand with the exclusion of the professional programs. Soccer has the yellow and red cards systems for misdemeanors. Rugby has a similar system for misdemeanors. The Blue Card will be shown to anybody who leaves the field or is required to leave the field for a suspected concussion.
Under the present rules of the game “an athlete with any symptoms following a head injury must be removed from playing or training. It is then recommended that a player is referred to a medical professional for diagnosis and guidance, even if the symptoms appear to have gone They must not return to activity until all symptoms have cleared.”1 The International Rugby Board (now known as ‘World Rugby') regulation 10 New Zealand Domestic Law Safety Variation says that any player in New Zealand who has been concussed or suspected of being been concussed must follow IRB regulation 10 and the IRB concussion guidelines and clearance to return to play by a medical practitioner must always be obtained.2
Until now there has no been no paper trail to confirm that these rules are abided by. Last season the Blue Card system was successfully trialed3 in one of the New Zealand provinces and has now been approved for national roll out. This really doesn't change any of the rules; rather the new system formalizes the process. When the referee displays the Blue Card the player will be asked to leave the field of play. The match referee and team coach will complete a report to the National Sporting Organisation. A letter from the National Sporting Organisation will be delivered to the club and the player confirming that the player has been stood down from playing rugby because of concussion.
Is recommended that they seek medical attention within 24 hours of the concussion episode. They must obtain medical clearance to resume contact training. They must produce a medical certificate to the National Sporting Organisation to resume playing. The National Sporting Organisation will require this to be received by 24-hours prior to the scheduled return to play. There will not be any grounds for the team to challenge the issuing of the Blue Card except for misidentification of a player.
The team will be sanctioned should they play a player who has not presented medical certification confirming to return to play.
This paperwork process required to leave and return to competitive rugby formalizes the guidelines outlined by the Zurich Consensus Statement4. While the consensus statement has previously resulted in guidelines by National Sporting Organisations and insurance systems such as the New Zealand no-fault Accident Compensation Corporation5, New Zealand rugby will soon require a paper trail with confirmation from a medical practitioner confirming that concussion symptoms have resolved and that neurological testing is normal and that the player is not complaining clinically of ongoing concussion symptoms. It would be expected as a result of these changes by New Zealand's national game (and current World Cup holders) that other sports follow suit.
____________________________
Rugby has, arguably, led the charge in managing concussion in its sport. World Rugby's ‘Recognise and Remove' initiative is to be applauded. And in South Africa–those great rivals of NZ rugby–the BokSmart program offers wonderful resources as well.
Thanks again, Hamish!
___________________________________
References
Rugby NZ. NZR Concussion Protocol 2014 Flyer. http://wwwnzruconz/social_responsibility/rugby_wellbeing – Concussion 2014. Rugby NZ. Small Black Rules 2012. http://wwwwcjrorgnz/Downloads/Small Black Rules 2012pdf 2012. Rugby NZ. Concussion Card Trial Review. http://wwwrefereesconz/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Concussion-Card-Trial-Review-2014pdf 2014. McCrory P, Meeuwisse W, Aubry M, et al. Consensus statement on concussion in sport–the 4th International Conference on Concussion in Sport held in Zurich, November 2012. Clin J Sport Med 2013;23:89-117. Corporation AC. ACC7018 Sport Concussion Guidelines. http://wwwaccconz/search-results/indexhtm?ssUserText=concussion 2015.
During the Hillary Clinton email scandal, many liberals expressed their frustration with FBI Director James Comey's handling of the investigation, calling for him to resign or be fired.
Now that President Donald Trump has actually fired Comey, however, many of those liberals quickly have changed their tune.
Instead of criticizing Comey, Democrats like Sen. Elizabeth Warren, Sen. Patrick Leahy and Sen. Tim Kaine are now calling Trump un-American and authoritarian for firing the FBI director.
Another liberal who's had an about-face on Comey's firing is one of Trump's old sparring partners, Rosie O'Donnell.
In the days since Comey was fired, O'Donnell has gone on an anti-Trump tirade and railed against Comey's firing.
Trump pointed out in a tweet on Thursday that O'Donnell actually wanted to "FIRE COMEY" less than five months ago.
We finally agree on something Rosie. https://t.co/BSP5F3PgbZ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2017
O'Donnell fired back on Thursday evening, calling Trump a "sadistic man" who is "very ill and needs help."
@realDonaldTrump - u don't even realize the kind of trouble u r in - comeys people believe in him - for real - they have the proof - you are a sadistic man #USA — ROSIE (@Rosie) May 11, 2017
@fox32news @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and rosie responds saying - he is very ill and needs help - he will soon be arrested - shamed - he has disgraced this nation and the world — ROSIE (@Rosie) May 11, 2017
Share your reaction in the comments.
McCain on Dems Crying Wolf: 'They Floated Impeachment on Election Night'
Conway on Anderson Cooper's Eye-Roll: I Face Sexism Often in TV Interviews
Acting FBI Director: 'Not Accurate' to Say Comey Lost Support of Rank and File
Enraged Dad to GOP Lawmaker: 'You've Been Single Greatest Threat to My Family'
It's not keeping Palin out of the White House, but that's close.
Can I share with you the most offensive thing I've read since I last accidentally read chyron on the Bill O'Reilly show?
David Greenberg writes in The New Republic:
Because Barack Obama has accomplished relatively little in his first term—boxed in by a recalcitrant Republican opposition, the sluggish economy, and a mound of debt—it's tempting to hope that, should he win a second term, he'll be free to pursue an unbridled liberal agenda.
Because Barack Obama has accomplished relatively little? Compared to who FDR? Lincoln? Johnson? Thomas Edison?
Even Bill Clinton will admit that this president has had more progressive achievements in his first term that Clinton put together in eight years of peace and prosperity.
Forget ending “Don't Ask, Don't Tell.” Forget Student Loan Reform, Credit Card Reform, creating Elizabeth Warren's Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Forget expanding Medicare and Medicaid while ending pre-existing conditions. Forget saving the auto industry and putting four million Americans back to work despite a Republican party imposing austerity on the state and local levels. Even forget making the historic choice to go after bin Laden. All of those things are somewhat reversible, unfortunately.
What isn't reversible is the President's greatest accomplishment: Ending the Iraq War.
But he gets almost no credit for this. On the right, they say he was just following Bush's timeline and we should still have troops there to prevent a civil war. On the left, they say he was just following Bush's timeline and we still have thousands of contractors in a giant embassy.
Both sides forget history. As Barack Obama was winning the 2008 election on the issue of the Iraq War, he changed the debate and forced the timeline that Bush adopted.
From July 18, 2008:
In a stunning diplomatic breakthrough for Barack Obama, Iraq's prime minister yesterday endorsed the Democratic candidate's 16-month timeline for withdrawing combat troops from Iraq.
The timeline Bush adopted was never Bush's timeline. It was Obama's. (That's why he won the Nobel Peace Prize, in case you're wondering.) The privatization of the military as described in Rachel Maddow's Drift made getting out a bit easier. But ending this war was a mission this man adopted as a State Senator and achieved as President. Denying that only reveals your bias.
Barack Obama won the presidency of the United States by promising to end the Iraq War and he did so in his first term. Ending a war is much harder than starting one. And being honest about war is the most difficult task of all.
[CC image by The U.S. Army.]
On the run in Bengal and parts of Jharkhand and Bihar, CPI( Maoist) has announced “successful opening of a new warfront in Kerala”, in the southwestern part of the country, besides signing a pact of mutual help with the Communist Party Maoist, Manipur, active in the northeast.
“Overcoming innumerable obstacles and snatching initiative, PLGA fighters and urban action team combatants led by the Western Ghats Special Zonal Committee (WGSZC) of the CPI (Maoist) have opened up a new warfront in the state of Kerala,” reads an article attributed to one ‘Political Commentator'.
The declarations were published in the January-March issue of People's March - a Maoist publication - a copy of which is in possession of HT. The 2014 merger between CPI( Maoist) and CPI( ML) (Naxalbari) has helped to open of this new front, they said.
During December-January, 2014-15, Maoists carried out several attacks on forest offices, government-owned hotels and McDonald's and KFC outlets in Kerala. In all such actions, they distributed leaflets addressing various issues - from Obama's India visit to the land ordinance and growth of tourism in this region allegedly at the cost of farmers and tribals.
“These actions were carried out as part of a Politico-Military Campaign (PMC) carried out over a three month period, from November 2014 till January 2015. The aim of the campaign was to prepare the masses for revolutionary war, defeat the initiative and aggressiveness of the enemy armed forces and advance the revolutionary movement,” the writer said.
The zone that the CPI(Maoist) is eying in the southwestern parts of the country is the trijunction of Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in the Western Ghats. In Kerala, Maoist activities have picked up pace mainly in the districts of Malappuram, Wynad and Kannur.
Maoists said that they started shifting their squad members from Malnad area to the trijunction on the lap of Sahyadri hills in 2012 and deployment and interlinking of the squads were complete by the end of 2013.
“As such, it is already a rebuttal, in deeds, of the Indian state's claim to have isolated and restricted the revolutionary movement to Central and Eastern India,” the article claimed.
The magazine also carried a joint statement by CPI(Maoist) and Communist Party Maoist, Manipur, pledging the help each other in their “battle against the Indian state”.
First Published: Apr 03, 2015 18:05 IST
By Teresa Keane
The war on drugs is a failure. Recent information enlightens us to the social costs of ruined lives of individuals and families and destruction of communities. Last week, after the 40th anniversary of the drug war and more than 40 million arrests across America, the Global Commission on Drug Policy declared "the war has failed."
They added that reform of fundamental policies is needed. The White House shot back: no way. Here in Oregon, the Justice Department is threatening marijuana dispensaries. At the same time The Oregonian reports that lawmakers are again refusing to reform our sentencing laws many of which put non-violent people caught with possession behind bars.
Let's get serious and smart about drug policy. First, let's respect research and redefine addiction as a medical condition, not a crime. Many European countries have legalized drugs and now treat addicts. This policy takes the criminality out of addiction and saves lives and millions of dollars. Second, let's look at our marijuana policy. The sane thing to do would be to tax and regulate marijuana.
We may not be ready for this step yet so let's expand access to medical marijuana. First the federal government needs to reclassify marijuana as a CIII drug. This means it would be available by prescription. In my work as a nurse practitioner, I see many patients who benefit from the Medical Marijuana program.
Many people in pain can use only marijuana for relief. Others use marijuana because it allows them to reduce their quantity of opioids (morphine, oxycodone, Vicodin etc.). The Veterans Health Administration recently changed its policy to allow veterans to use marijuana in the states where it is legal.
Oregon now has a commission looking at the crisis in rising prescription drug deaths. Opioids are now the preferred drugs of abuse in our high schools. These drugs kill people when not used properly. Marijuana is safe and effective compared to most pharmaceuticals. No patient has ever died from an overdose of marijuana.
Other patients find marijuana is helpful for many symptoms that are not yet covered by the Oregon law such as insomnia, anxiety, depression, bipolar illness, PTSD, etc. Patients without pain cannot legally use marijuana for these symptoms unless they have a covered symptom as well. This forces patients to use pharmaceutical agents that often have higher risk of side effects and may have abuse potential.
Who benefits from our "war on drugs"? Law enforcement, private prison owners and workers and the pharmaceutical industry. Who loses? Individuals who use drugs for recreation, people who suffer from the disease of addiction, families and communities who lose members to prison and tax payers who pay for incarceration.
It's time we demand reform of drug laws to the betterment of all Oregonians.
Teresa Keane is a nurse practitioner who lives in Southwest Portland.
Independent Socialist Clare Daly's Bill to allow for abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality was defeated in the Dail by 104 votes to 20 with the abstention of Sinn Féin.
Labour's Anne Ferris, as expected, voted for the legislation in defiance of the party whip. Ciara Conway and Michael McNamara, whose names had been mentioned as supporting the legislation, held the party line.
Just three Fianna Fáil TDs voted for the legislation - Billy Kelleher, Robert Troy and Niall Collins. Other members voted with party leader Micheal Martin against the legislation as did Independents Noel Grealish, Michael Fitzmaurice, Michael Healy-Rae and Michael Lowry.
Earlier row Ahead of voting, the Independent TD accused the Taoiseach of hypocrisy in heated Dáil exchanges on the Government's rejection of her Bill.
Enda Kenny had ruled out accepting the legislation, having received an opinion from Attorney General Maire Whelan that it was unconstitutional. He said the AG's advice would not be published in line with precedent.
Ms Daly accused the Taoiseach of insulting people.
“How dare you attempt to have the arrogance to interpret the Constitution when it is only something our courts can do,'' she added. “That is a fact.''
Accusing Mr Kenny of a cop-out, Ms Daly asked if the issue would be included in the referendums planned for next spring.
“If you are not saying that, then you are letting these families down and, quite frankly, you are a hypocrite,'' she added.
Mr Kenny said the matter was sensitive and tragic, particularly for the mother of the unborn child.
“You do not own the Constitution, nor do I,'' he said. “You cannot change the Constitution, nor can I.''
He added it was the people's Constitution and only they could change it.
“It has been a long-standing situation in this country, where the advice given by the Attorney General of the day has never been published,'' Mr Kenny added.
The Constitution said quite clearly it was not lawful for legislators to vote for something they knew to be repugnant to it, Mr Kenny said.
“Now, what you want to do is fly in the face of all that, pass a piece of legislation and then have it tested by the Supreme Court,'' the Taoiseach said.
“I suggest to you, Deputy Daly, that is not the way to go.''
Inaction Ms Daly said it was rubbish to suggest her Bill was unconstitutional, adding only the High Court and the Supreme Court could adjudicate on its constitutionality. All he had was the Attorney General's opinion, she said.
Ms Daly said her Bill would enable women to terminate a pregnancy, surrounded by family and friends in Ireland, if they felt they could not continue with it and wait for the baby to die.
“Instead, you propose inaction, condemning those people to a lonely journey, most likely to Liverpool, surrounded by holidaymakers and business people, while the bottom comes out of their world.
It was cruel, inhumane, torture and a violation of human rights, she said, adding it was avoidable.
“Eighty per cent of the people have said they want you do something about this,'' Ms Daly added.
It didn't take long after the FCC voted to reclassify Internet service providers under Title II of the Communications Act of 1934, a move that would enshrine net neutrality as the law of the land, before the backlash started.
The vote was hailed by online activists, many of whom had been among the 4 million commenters who wrote to the agency in favor of protecting net neutrality. However, among regulation-averse Republican lawmakers and surprisingly snarky broadband providers, reclassification generated a significant amount of antipathy.
Last week, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) introduced a bill that that, if passed, would reverse the Federal Communications Commission's decision. The Internet Freedom Act specifically reverses the FCC's reclassification vote and bars the agency from making any similar rulings in the future.
“Last week's vote by the FCC to regulate the Internet like a 1930s era public utility is further proof that the Obama administration will stop at nothing in their efforts to control the Internet,” Blackburn said in a statement. “There is nothing ‘free and open' about this heavy-handed approach. These overreaching rules will stifle innovation, restrict freedoms, and lead to billions of dollars in new fees and taxes for American consumers.”
Blackburn's bill attracted 31 cosponsors, all of them Republicans.
There's no question that the telecom industry, which has largely opposed efforts to impose net neutrality because the rules cut off the potential revenue source of charging online content providers for a “fast lane” to consumers, likes to throw its weight around politically. Giants like Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon are, without a doubt, the largest political donors in the entire technology sector.
That raises a question: How much did it cost the telecom industry to gently nudge 30 congresspeople to introduce a bill doing exactly what it wanted?
The answer: $2,044,676.
The Daily Dot looked at the donation records from the database of government transparency watchdog OpenSecrets.org and found that, between the 2004 and 2014 election cycles, the “Telecom Services & Equipment” and “Cable & Satellite TV Production & Distribution” industries gave the 31 sponsors of the bill just over $2 million.
Over that period of time, Blackburn has raked in $225,099 from the industries; however, she wasn't the biggest recipient of telecom and cable dollars. That honor belongs to Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) with $376,650, who's followed by Rep. John Shimkus (R-Ill.) with $310,921.
That the bill isn't drawing bipartisan support doesn't have much to do with the telecom industry favoring one side of the aisle over the other. In the 2014 election cycle, its $16.7 million worth of political donations were split almost exactly 50-50 between the two parties. The reason for a Republican bill is likely a result of President Obama speaking out strongly in favor of net neutrality in the months before the FCC's decision.
Obama's vocal support helped transform net neutrality into a partisan issue, which led Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) to call net neutrality “Obamacare for the Internet.”
Even though the Internet Freedom Act may pass the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, the odds of it making through the Senate, where Republicans hold a slimmer majority, and the veto-prone White House are much less likely scenarios.
Do all of the bill's sponsors know it has little hope passing? Undoubtedly. But it's important for members of Congress to make an effort so their industry funders feel like they're getting their money's worth.
Photo via Lawrence Jackson/Wikimedia Commons (public domain)
Some of President Trump's least controversial tweets involve him boasting about the stock market. It has certainly done well since he was elected a year ago, with the Dow Jones industrial average up more than 30 percent in that time.
On Thursday, the Dow hit a milestone when it closed above 24,000 for the first time, prompting Mr. Trump to take to Twitter again. “Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound,” he wrote. “More great numbers coming out!”
Few would have predicted a year ago that the market would do so well. Investors who had the fortitude to stay in have benefited mightily by the increase. But the wary ones put their money in more secure assets.
Right before Mr. Trump was elected, I wrote a column on what a Trump presidency would mean for the economy. Most of the people I interviewed were nervous, and they were making defensive moves in their investments — away from equities and into hard assets like real estate — or putting plans in place to weather a downturn.
Will the sinkhole and collapsing salt domes trigger an explosion, or possibly destabilize the New Madrid earthquake fault?
(NaturalNews) Last summer, a rural area of southeastern Louisiana known as Assumption Parish was changed forever following the unexpected formation of a giant sinkhole that suddenly appeared one day out of nowhere. This mysterious sinkhole, which was later dubbed the "Great Louisiana Sinkhole," has been gradually gaining in size now for about seven months, and it appears to be picking up speed, having reportedly swallowed up an entire acre of land in just one day, and three acres of land in under a week.If this is the first time you are hearing about the Great Louisiana Sinkhole, you can thank the mainstream media for keeping the general public in the dark about its existence, and the very serious threat it poses not only to Louisianans but to all of humanity. An apparent product of the BP Deepwater Horizon oil disaster of 2010, this anomalous sinkhole appears to be connected to underground salt domes that are collapsing, releasing toxic gases, oil, and possibly other materials.In this particular case, degradation of salt domes near Napoleonville in Assumption Parish appear to be responsible for triggering the formation of the Great Louisiana Sinkhole, which has gained considerable size since it first appeared last August. According to the latest estimates, which are constantly changing as the sinkhole expands, more than 12 acres have already been swallowed up, and 20 more are in the process of sinking, with no end in sight.According to reports, flammable gases like methane are apparently leaking into the sinkhole and bubbling up to the top. A nearby well filled with butane is also threatened by the sinkhole, which is killing trees, plants, and other foliage in the area surrounding the sinkhole. You can see in the following video clips the size of the sinkhole when it first formed, and how much larger it has become since that time:1) Here is the sinkhole as it looked during a helicopter flyover that took place on August 12, 2012:2) Here is the sinkhole a little more than six months later on March 1, 2013:3) And here is the sinkhole on March 8, 2013, just a few days after an additional three acres of land collapsed into it in less than a week:Despite the mainstream media's blackout of this very serious situation, truth-seekers from around the world have been closely watching this situation to see what develops. And so far, nothing positive is happening. For months, Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal ignored the sinkhole, even after it became clear that locals needed to evacuate the area for their own safety. Only recently did Gov. Jindal acknowledge the sinkhole's existence, and even then had nothing reassuring to say about how it might be mitigated.And this is exactly why the situation is so disturbing -- at this point, due to the current size of the sinkhole and its increasingly exponential rate of growth, it appears as thoughcan truly be done to stop it. And based on a sharp uptick in seismic activity throughout the area in recent days, some experts believe an explosion is imminent, or perhaps the complete destabilization of the New Madrid Fault Line, which could result in a major earthquake stemming from the area where Arkansas, Missouri, and Tennessee all meet one another.For up-to-the-minute information about the status of the sinkhole from people on the ground in the area, you can check out the "Bayou Corne Sinkhole" Facebook page:
Rallies are fertile grounds for society's fringe dwellers, and Sunday's National Day of Climate Action was no exception. GetUp!'s call to action was met by 60,000 members of the public – a figure that included The Socialist Alliance, The Green Left and an elderly gentleman brandishing a sign proclaiming "TONY ABBOT [sic] KILLS CHILDREN".
While GetUp!'s community-minded events are friendly across the political, economic and social spectrum, the vocal and sometimes extreme presence of partisan groups only serves to sway the middle ground in the other direction and undermine the common goal.
The monopolisation of such events by acute characters and groups does climate action a disservice. Groups like The Green Left and Socialist Alliance taking ownership of climate change serves to further Abbott and co's message that it's an issue of the left, of hippies and treehuggers, not a real issue for all Australians. By adopting climate change as a cause célèbre and ignoring other economic, social or political issues, extreme groups isolate the more conservative mainstream from climate action as an issue. Labor branding the ETS a tax also didn't help the oft-cited “ordinary Australian” to see climate action as something to support as we move into the future.
Climate change's image problem in Australia needs to give way to science and become accessible to more people across the board. In the 2013 Climate Change Performance Index, Australia was ranked as #40 in the world – more poorly than India, Egypt and Indonesia. World beaters Denmark and Sweden (ranked #4 and #5) have all accepted climate change as part of their national parlance, and have created a framework for the future.
Sweden has had a carbon tax since 1991, which allowed the sparsely-populated Scandinavian nation to cut its emissions by 9% between 1990 and 2006 – and still maintain economic growth of 44% in fixed prices. Since the 1980s, the Swedish public have been concerned about the effects of climate change; following the 1988 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's findings, Swedish authorities undertook massive changes to reflect the shift in thinking. In Sweden, every purchase of a green car is rewarded with a 10,000 kroner ($1,608 AUD) rebate; by 2020, Sweden aims to have cut its emissions by 40% and have 50% renewable energy. Along with Norway, the UK, Ethiopia, Indonesia and South Korea, Sweden has formed a new global initiative, The Global Commission on Economy and Climate.
So engrained is climate change action in Swedish thinking that the denial and skepticism that is commonplace in the Australian dialogue seem bizarre and untenable. Student Johan Robert, 23, was disbelieving when he first heard about Australia's attitude towards climate change. “I saw [then foreign affairs minister] Kevin Rudd speak at the University [of Uppsala] in 2011, and was shocked to learn many Australians don't believe in climate change. What is there to believe in? It's science!”
The legitimacy of climate science has also been accepted in Sweden's neighbour Denmark. The country best known for bike riding and fairy tales is also a world leader in renewable energy and climate action. In 2011, Denmark commissioned its Energy Strategy 2050 which involves ambitious target such as the reduction of fossil fuels consumption by 33% by 2020 and totally phasing out oil and gas furnaces. Denmark is also in the process of making Copenhagen the world's first carbon-neutral city by 2025. Without public support, the creation of more bike lanes and retrofitting of energy-saving technology will be an exercise in futility. Happily, these lofty goals are made possible by public support.
As well as an exceptional government response, grassroots movements are taking place; Denmark's annual rock festival Roskilde aims to be the greenest of the European music festivals; 52% of Copenhageners to ride their bikes to work or school every single day. Even more impressively, half of the turbines in Copenhagen's wind farm were funded by individual shareholders.
Denmark and Sweden have both managed to successfully balance economic growth and a reduction of emissions – something that Australia isn't even willing to contemplate yet. But these models show that it is possible to maintain our economy, and prioritise climate action too. We just need to change how we think.
Reading about sectarian violence and parade disputes it's easy to think Northern Ireland is as divided as ever - but this isn't the case BelfastTelegraph.co.uk When we read news articles about sectarian violence, disputes over parades and the failure of politicians to cooperate with each other, it is easy to think that Northern Ireland is as divided as ever. But this is not the case. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/columnists/archive/steven-agnew/reading-about-sectarian-violence-and-parade-disputes-its-easy-to-think-northern-ireland-is-as-divided-as-ever-but-this-isnt-the-case-30534909.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article30538206.ece/78743/AUTOCROP/h342/n%20Belfa_3.jpg
Email
When we read news articles about sectarian violence, disputes over parades and the failure of politicians to cooperate with each other, it is easy to think that Northern Ireland is as divided as ever. But this is not the case.
The focus and attention given to division in our society, particularly when it manifests itself in violence, can often lead to a collective despair. The violent and sectarian actions of a tiny minority of individuals affect us all.
However, there is a significant constituency in Northern Ireland who are quietly living in a ‘shared now'. They do not make the headlines, they do not call into radio shows, they may not yet be in power; but for them a shared future is no longer an ambition but a reality.
Their work place is diverse; not through any form of cross community initiative but through a natural evolution. Their social circle is mixed perhaps because they were part of the generation that saw a huge increase in access to third level education, and inevitably they built relationships with people from different community backgrounds. Their children may or may not attend an integrated school (though they would like them to) but it is less likely that they will grow up without mixing with children from different backgrounds.
The last census showed that 29% of respondents saw being ‘Northern Irish' as their national identity, either in conjunction with another identity or on its own. It would be a worthwhile piece of research to delve into the 29% Northern Irish population and to see whether this is a shared identity across traditional communities. If so it could be a key indicator of the scale of the ‘shared now'.
National identities are important to people and they should be celebrated and respected. However it is when we define ourselves in terms of difference; “we are not you”, rather than a celebration of “who we are”, that identities can become a tool of aggression. Our identities are our own and should not be used as a comparison or as a weapon against ‘others'.
The political parties, divided along unionist and nationalist lines may believe us to be as divided as ever, they may portray us that way, but it is in their interests to do so. Heed not what you hear on the radio or what you see on the news, but look around you – do you live in a divided society?
If not then quietly celebrate, for then we have made progress in Northern Ireland. That is not to say that we forget the still too many examples of segregation and division in our society, or those whose lives are being destroyed by it. But if we forget how far we have come then we allow the narrative that no progress has been made to take hold. Getting us to believe that, despite all evidence to the contrary, is the first step in dragging us back.
I am both proud of how far we have come in Northern Ireland and frustrated by the fact that we can't move further faster. I will access that pride in the times of despair and use my frustrations to help will the changes I want to see. The peace process is too important to allow it to be hijacked by those in whose interest it is to keep us divided. We need to build on the progress we have made to extend the ‘shared now' to all in our society.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
This post has not been edited by the GamesBeat staff. Opinions by GamesBeat community writers do not necessarily reflect those of the staff.
It's their eyes and haughty expression and condescending tone that draws my sword and queues up my frost spell. The Thalmor, the combined government of the Aldmeri Dominion, are a proud, domineering race of elven supremacists. They're also huge dicks.
While these high elves, or Atmer (which translates to "cultured people"), become a great antagonist in the latest Elder Scrolls game, my response also makes me a racist — something Skyrim encourages.
Because racism cannot thrive without distinct physical or cultural differences among people or, in Skyrim's case, skill bonuses, skin colorm and long bushy tails protruding from your pants.
Players tweak their avatars, choosing everything from sex, cultural backgrounds, and the size of their chins. But all the while, this makes it easier for Skyrim to create neatly divided and cataloged stereotypes.
These stereotypes are enforced with universal, innate abilities among a race, like the Khajiit's Night Eye, which grants the Mer race with low-light vision coupled with skill bonuses in sneak, lock-picking, and pickpocketing.
Every Khajiit you encounter in the world has these qualities, perpetuating your own preconceived notions of a crafty thief or swindling merchant. And the game has no problem in relying on the caricature, providing shady travelling Khajiit shopkeepers loitering at almost every city gate.
Also, they're big hairy cats. So you'll never mistake a for an Imperial or a Nord or a green, scaly Argonian.
The Redguard race is particularly problematic. As Bitmob community writer Matthew Anfuso explains in his comment below, games like Oblivion and Morrowind tied magic skills directly to intelligence and willpower, traits the Redguards were extremely deficient in.
"I didn't think anything of it then but now it just seems rather racist," Anfuso says. "By assigning a numerical value to a statistic called "intellegence," it is implied that a higher value equals a smarter person. Because Redguards have their intellegence severely limited as an inate racial characteristic, they cannot perform magic very well, so they are too stupid to do magic."
Thankfully, Skyrim has made steps to avoid this by doing away with these stats so that even a Redguard can become proficient in magic.
But I understand why developers do this: acutely defined races and stereotypes are practical. If character traits were random and race merely cosmetic, things could get confusing. In an interactive game world of one-dimensional characters, the developer needs to unpack an absurd amount of information within a limited window.
So, racism becomes a literary tool, a shortcut to characterization when you don't have time for nuance.
How do we make a shopkeeper in town A stand out from shopkeeper in town B? Make one a brash, penny pinching Imperial and the other a simple-minded, patriotic Nord…and hope it adds some color and continuity to the player's immersion.
However, where video-game limitations make racism useful, the unique opportunity to live in someone else's skin is also a powerful metaphor for understanding the "other."
While the lizard-esque Argonians may appear alien during a battlemage Breton playthrough, the ability to live the game again in lizard skin is, at times, moving. Suddenly the plight of the overworked, underpaid Argonian dockworkers hits closer to home. The hiss of pain when taking damage or the lithe green fingers grasping a mace in first-person perspective are a reminder that you're seeing the world through reptilian eyes. A single playthrough breeds intolerance, multiple playthroughs foster solidarity.
You don't have to walk a mile in the footwraps of every man, elf, or Orc, but embracing more than one perception is the golden rule in action: do unto non-player characters as you would have them do unto Dovahkiin.
At Monday's White House press briefing, CNN's Jim Acosta questioned deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders about President Trump's tweets "attacking" London Mayor Sadiq Khan following the June 3rd terror attack.
"Let me ask you a follow-up on the -- what John was asking about with respect to the mayor of London. There are going to be folks who are going to ask the question, 'Was the president attacking the mayor of London because he's Muslim?" Acosta asked.
"Not at all," Huckabee Sanders responded. "And I think to suggest something like that is utterly ridiculous."
The tweets in question:
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017
MONTREAL - Victor Mete may not have a permanent place to stay in Montreal just yet, but that doesn't mean the young defenseman isn't focused on Thursday night's tilt against Los Angeles at the Bell Centre.
The question came up after practice on Wednesday because, if he is to suit up to face the Kings, the 19-year-old would be playing in his 10th NHL game of the season - which would result in his NHL entry-level contract kicking in this season.
"Hopefully, I can get into the lineup tomorrow and make it 10 games. That'd be good," admitted Mete, the Canadiens' fourth-round pick (100th overall) in 2016. "I know the rules that come with it. Hopefully, tomorrow I'm in the lineup and I can surpass [the 10 games]."
The blue-liner has been earning praise for his steady play on the backend alongside assistant captain Shea Weber, and credits the towering defenseman with helping ensure his transition to the NHL has been as seamless as can be expected.
"I think it's been a pretty good adjustment. Being paired with Shea the whole way so far, he's taught me a lot. That made it an easier transition for me, because he's a very experienced NHL defenseman," Mete said of Weber, who scored two goals in Tuesday night's game against the Panthers. "Coming in here was easier just because I was with him and I was able to learn things sooner rather than later. It's been a smooth transition."
In nine games, Mete has averaged an impressive 19:41 of ice time, the vast majority of it with Weber by his side. Earlier in the month, head coach Claude Julien inserted Mete on the man advantage - again pairing him up with Weber - and No. 53 now has the second-most power play minutes on the team among defensemen. He also earned his first NHL point on the power play, an assist on Weber's second-period goal against the Sharks last Tuesday.
Video: Victor Mete on his NHL experience so far
In looking back on Mete's first nine games with the big club, Julien didn't appear to have any doubts about the Woodbridge, ON's ability to contribute.
"I think he's continued to do his job. I don't see someone who's trying to do more than he should, which is a good thing for him," the coach explained ahead of the Canadiens' game against the Panthers on Tuesday. "He's playing well, he's playing with some confidence and I think it's up to him to keep playing his game.
"He's still here and he deserves to be here. So long as he keeps playing the way he has, he could end up staying here the rest of the season," he went on. "We have the luxury of being able to change our minds if ever we feel things aren't going well, but talking about it now, he's headed in the right direction."
Mete pointed out that the biggest difference he's seen in his NHL adventure so far has been the speed of the game, and the impact that can have on one's mental approach on the ice.
"It's faster. You have to make your decisions faster. Before you get the puck, you have to see what you're going to do already," outlined Mete, who said that his time with the OHL's London Knights prepared him well for the NHL experience as a whole. "If you have to think about it, your options will all go away. [You have to] be prepared."
If the Canadiens decide that Mete should stay in Montreal and not go back to Junior, there will be decisions to be made on his living situation. General manager Marc Bergevin suggested that he might try to arrange for Mete to live with a veteran teammate, as Brendan Gallagher did with Josh Gorges earlier in his career.
There is another option, however…
"I have an open room in my place, he's welcome to do that," Bergevin concluded with a laugh. "Not sure he'll like that, though."
A recent clinical encounter reminded me of an important point about the way many modern men experience their emotions and needs, and how this can have a dramatic impact on relationship quality and lead to all sorts of confusion and conflict. I have seen the themes unfold in similar ways in many different couples; I recreate a typical scene below.
Alicia*, a nurse practitioner in her mid-40s, entered individual with a doctoral student of mine. She was experiencing high levels of distress, much of it centered on her relationship with Frank, her husband of five years, who worked as a carpenter. Alicia described Frank as having been warm and loving during the first few years of the relationship, but things had gotten bad over the past few years and now he was cold, detached, and prone to angry outbursts. The description was such that we felt it was crucial to see Frank and get his take on the situation. Although Frank was initially very reluctant, he eventually agreed to come in and share his version of reality.
Source: wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock
At our initial meeting, he was guarded and resistant. However, by empathizing with his concerns about being ganged up on, and showing him quickly that we could help, by explaining to him why his relationship had gone sour and how it might get better, he bought into the process. It turned out that the therapy was quite successful in turning the vicious cycles around, and much greater levels of relational satisfaction and well-being returned to Frank and Alicia in a month or so.
One major issue that had to be addressed early was a fairly common one, especially with “traditionally masculine” men. It is what former APA president Ron Levant called “normative male alexithymia.”
Before I define the term, consider the following exchange which took place during our first session: I had met individually with Frank for about 30 minutes, and had a sense of where he was coming from. When we came together for the couples work, I said to both partners, “One of the most important things for this relationship is to understand where each of you is coming from at an emotional level—that is, the level at which you feel appreciated, admired and loved, or vulnerable, rejected and hurt. Let's take some time and share what each of you is experiencing at that level.”
After a brief pause, Alicia started in.
Alicia: I guess I can go first. There are many times I don't feel that Frank cares about me or respects me. I ask him to respect my office space, but he comes in and leaves it a mess. I ask him to let me know when he is coming home, but he forgets to call. He knows I like hearing he loves me, but he rarely says that. Early in our relationship I felt he wanted to hold and protect me, and that he wanted to honor me. There were times that he could even be vulnerable with me. But now—now I just feel this coldness from him. And when I ask him to do things, like tell me when he is coming home, he just lashes out at me.
I guess I can go first. There are many times I don't feel that Frank cares about me or respects me. I ask him to respect my office space, but he comes in and leaves it a mess. I ask him to let me know when he is coming home, but he forgets to call. He knows I like hearing he loves me, but he rarely says that. Early in our relationship I felt he wanted to hold and protect me, and that he wanted to honor me. There were times that he could even be vulnerable with me. But now—now I just feel this coldness from him. And when I ask him to do things, like tell me when he is coming home, he just lashes out at me. Me: Thank you, Alicia. You made clear some of the ways you used to feel valued and how that filled a need in you. And you noted that it has drifted and there are several times you experience Frank as being withholding or devaluing you in some way. Frank, I know from our earlier conversation, you also have lots of feelings about this relationship… (I indicate the floor is his.)
Thank you, Alicia. You made clear some of the ways you used to feel valued and how that filled a need in you. And you noted that it has drifted and there are several times you experience Frank as being withholding or devaluing you in some way. Frank, I know from our earlier conversation, you also have lots of feelings about this relationship… (I indicate the floor is his.) Frank: Well, you know, the relationship was better earlier. And now, not so much. She says I don't call, but I usually do. And I do tell her I love her…sometimes. (Frank stops there, despite my nonverbal cues to go on.)
Well, you know, the relationship was better earlier. And now, not so much. She says I don't call, but I usually do. And I do tell her I love her…sometimes. (Frank stops there, despite my nonverbal cues to go on.) Me: And, Frank, if you look deep inside, how do you feel about how she treats you? What do you feel about her and when does it feel better or worse?
And, Frank, if you look deep inside, how do you feel about how she treats you? What do you feel about her and when does it feel better or worse? Frank: It's okay, I guess. I mean, I don't know. The relationship—sometimes she annoys me. And sometimes I yell. But that doesn't happen all the time. The relationship is OK. Not great, but OK.
I glance over at Alicia, who is shaking her head in frustration. To speed the process along, I engage in a technique I call "directive empathy." Directive empathy uses the skills of the clinician to guide the empathetic of the individual's inner experience and quickly conceptualize the situation. In this case, directive empathy was applied to the couple. It is crucial that this be artfully done. Because I had chatted with Frank, I knew where he was coming from. Although he was initially guarded, I was able to strike a good relationship with him fairly quickly, which allowed me to say things directly in a way that, if not done right, could have been very threatening.
Me: Let's take note of the differences in Alicia's response and Frank's. Frank, you had a much more difficult time talking about how you feel than Alicia did, didn't you?
Let's take note of the differences in Alicia's response and Frank's. Frank, you had a much more difficult time talking about how you feel than Alicia did, didn't you? Frank (nodding): I don't talk much about my feelings. People say I am cold, that I don't have feelings.
(nodding): I don't talk much about my feelings. People say I am cold, that I don't have feelings. Me: I think you have feelings, Frank. In fact, my gut tells me you feel things very deeply. However, you don't know how to put your feelings into words. You have been socialized to be a “man," which to you means that you are independent and strong, that you don't need anyone else, and are not vulnerable. It means that if you get a feeling that you were criticized or rejected, a feeling that you were hurt, you can't stay there. Instead, you either get angry or withdraw or tell yourself you can handle it and it isn't even that big of a deal. That is why, even though there are rich feelings in there, you can't really talk about them, not even privately to yourself. And it is especially difficult to share them publicly and tell Alicia. Does that sound close to your experience, Frank?
I think you have feelings, Frank. In fact, my gut tells me you feel things very deeply. However, you don't know how to put your feelings into words. You have been socialized to be a “man," which to you means that you are independent and strong, that you don't need anyone else, and are not vulnerable. It means that if you get a feeling that you were criticized or rejected, a feeling that you were hurt, you can't stay there. Instead, you either get angry or withdraw or tell yourself you can handle it and it isn't even that big of a deal. That is why, even though there are rich feelings in there, you can't really talk about them, not even privately to yourself. And it is especially difficult to share them publicly and tell Alicia. Does that sound close to your experience, Frank? Frank: Yeah, I guess that sounds about right. It is hard for me to say stuff like that.
Yeah, I guess that sounds about right. It is hard for me to say stuff like that. Me: Yes. And that difficulty is creating a lot of static in your relationship with Alicia. How about, Frank, if I try to tell Alicia what you are feeling, as I sense it. I will model it for you. And it will also give Alicia a chance to hear a more detailed articulation of what is going on inside. And if I am off, then you can let me know. Is that cool with you?
Yes. And that difficulty is creating a lot of static in your relationship with Alicia. How about, Frank, if I try to tell Alicia what you are feeling, as I sense it. I will model it for you. And it will also give Alicia a chance to hear a more detailed articulation of what is going on inside. And if I am off, then you can let me know. Is that cool with you? Frank: Yes, you can tell her.
Yes, you can tell her. Me: Alicia, there have been many times over the last several years that Frank has felt that you don't respect him as a man or a husband. When he makes dinner for you and you don't thank him. Or when he built the entertainment center and you said it looked "big," rather than recognizing the craftsmanship that went into it, that hurt. When he asks, "Why are you already in bed under the covers?" he is saying that he wants to be with you physically and when you tell him you are tired and ready for he feels rejected. When you noted that he was not bringing in as much money as he used to and that now you were making more than he, he felt that he lost some worth in the relationship. When you pointed out that he was going grey and balding, he felt you did not desire him. Frank does not know how to tell you these things. Indeed, he does not know how to really feel them himself. Instead, when he feels initially hurt or vulnerable, he then feels and uncertain. And when he feels that way, he quickly justifies why he is his own man, and if it is not good enough for you, then screw you, he will just withdraw to himself. Frank, does that sound about right?
Alicia, there have been many times over the last several years that Frank has felt that you don't respect him as a man or a husband. When he makes dinner for you and you don't thank him. Or when he built the entertainment center and you said it looked "big," rather than recognizing the craftsmanship that went into it, that hurt. When he asks, "Why are you already in bed under the covers?" he is saying that he wants to be with you physically and when you tell him you are tired and ready for he feels rejected. When you noted that he was not bringing in as much money as he used to and that now you were making more than he, he felt that he lost some worth in the relationship. When you pointed out that he was going grey and balding, he felt you did not desire him. Frank does not know how to tell you these things. Indeed, he does not know how to really feel them himself. Instead, when he feels initially hurt or vulnerable, he then feels and uncertain. And when he feels that way, he quickly justifies why he is his own man, and if it is not good enough for you, then screw you, he will just withdraw to himself. Frank, does that sound about right? Frank: Yeah. That about covers it.
Yeah. That about covers it. Me (to Alicia): How was that to hear?
(to Alicia): How was that to hear? Alicia (with tears welling up inside): I wondered if he felt anything. I felt like he just did not care. Or if he felt anything, it was just annoyed being with me because I was not good enough. A part of me sensed what you are saying, but he never says anything, so I just assumed he did not care.
(with tears welling up inside): I wondered if he felt anything. I felt like he just did not care. Or if he felt anything, it was just annoyed being with me because I was not good enough. A part of me sensed what you are saying, but he never says anything, so I just assumed he did not care. Me: He cared alright. It is just that he was defended against putting his vulnerability out there, even to himself.
Frank's difficulty articulating his inner feelings, especially feelings like hurt or vulnerability—or needs to be held, sexually desired, or admired—is an example of what Levant characterized as normative male alexithymia.
Alexithymia is the clinical-sounding term for when someone has a lot of difficulty translating their emotional experience into words. Normative male** alexithymia refers to the fact that traditional masculine role socialization channels many men into ways of being such that their masculine conflicts with many emotions they feel and what they feel they are “allowed” to express (i.e., they will be shamed and will feel as if they are "not real men" if they express feelings of vulnerability, dependency needs, weakness, etc.).
This can create enormous difficulty in because the key variable in guiding couples to come together—or driving them apart, if the need is not met—is each partner's need to feel known and valued by the other. If either partner cannot put into words their feelings about not being known and valued, but instead hides, defends, or deflects such feelings, then the chances of disharmony and vicious relational cycles are greatly increased.
* As is always the case when writing about clinical encounters on my blog, all names and identifying information and details are changed. The above description represents an amalgamation of themes seen over many years in the clinic room.
** While it is often the case that males experience more difficulty with this (especially traditionally masculine men), it is of course also the case that many women can experience problems with this issue—and that many men are quite competent in sharing their core feelings.
President Sisi had vowed to ‘avenge the criminal killings' after release of video purporting to show killing of 21 Christians, believed to be kidnapped Egyptians
Egypt reported that its war planes had struck Isis targets in Libya, shortly after President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi vowed revenge for the release by Isis-affiliated militants of a video of a mass killing of Christians.
A spokesman for the Armed Forces General Command announced the strikes on state radio Monday, marking the first time Cairo had publicly acknowledged taking military action in neighbouring Libya.
The statement said the warplanes targeted weapons caches and training camps before returning safely. It said the strikes were “to avenge the bloodshed and to seek retribution from the killers”.
“Let those far and near know that Egyptians have a shield that protects them,” it said.
Libya's air force meanwhile announced it had launched strikes in the eastern city of Darna, which was taken over by an Isis affiliate last year. The announcement, on the Facebook page of the air force chief of staff, did not provide further details.
Libya's armed politics – the Guardian briefing Read more
The video, released on Sunday evening, claimed to show the mass beheading of 21 Christians – believed to be mostly Egyptians – kidnapped in Libya.
The US said the video showed the “wanton killing of innocents” and the UK foreign minister condemned the “barbaric” act.
The five-minute video was filmed in a style similar to that of previous videos depicting the murders of western prisoners by Isis, an armed group that overran large parts of Iraq and Syria last year.
Isis claim of beheading Egyptian Copts in Libya shows group's spread Read more
At least 21 Egyptians were kidnapped in two separate incidents in the city of Sirte, Libya in December and January.
Relatives of the hostages had previously identified the captured men in media released by Isis, including an online magazine published days ago.
The video depicts several men in orange jumpsuits being led along a beach, each accompanied by a masked militant. The men are made to kneel and one militant, dressed differently to the others, addresses the camera in North American-accented English.
“All crusaders: safety for you will be only wishes, especially if you are fighting us all together. Therefore we will fight you all together,” he says. “The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden's body in, we swear to Allah we will mix it with your blood.”
The men are then made to lie face down and all are simultaneously beheaded. The militant speaker then points northward and says: “We will conquer Rome, by Allah's permission.”
Mina Thabet, a researcher at the Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms, who has been communicating regularly with the families of the hostages, said he believed that all but one of the victims in the video were Egyptians.
Thabet blamed the Egyptian government for what he asserted was a delayed response to the hostage crisis. “There is blood on the hands of the authorities who could have saved them but failed to.”
In the weeks between the abduction and the release of the video, the families of the kidnapped Egyptians criticised what they saw as an inadequate response to the kidnapping.
The men's families complained that Egypt's ministry of foreign affairs did not immediately respond to their inquiries. One relative said the ministry had advised the families not to speak to the media.
The Egyptian president, Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, called an urgent meeting of the national defence council and declared a seven-day mourning period, according to a statement from the president's office.
“It is with deep sorrow that President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi mourns the Egyptian victims of an abhorrent act of terrorism in Libya and offers his deepest condolences to the Egyptian people for their grave loss,” the statement said.
He later said on national television that Egypt reserved the right to respond to the murders in a way it sees fit. Sisi warned that Cairo would choose the “necessary means and timing to avenge the criminal killings”.
The Coptic church in a statement called on its followers to have “confidence that their great nation won't rest without retribution for the evil criminals”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Funeral held for 13 of the Egyptian Christians killed by Isis
In el-Aour, an impoverished village 125 miles south of Cairo that was home to 13 of the hostages, friends and family assumed the worst when the photo was published on Thursday.
On Saturday, the community showed its sorrow. Men covered their heads with dirt in a sign of both grief and shame. Women slapped their own faces or let out shrieks of pain.
Samuel Walham's family said they immediately recognised him from the picture showing him kneeling on the beach alongside four other hostages each flanked by a knife-wielding militant.
“Look at my love. Look how beautiful he is,” Walham's mother, Ibtassal Lami, said through tears as she cradled a photo of her son and women wailed in the family's ramshackle, two-storey home. “He only went there to earn his living.”
Egypt announced on Friday an offer to facilitate the exit of Egyptians living in Libya. Tens of thousands of Egyptians live and work in the country.
The hostages had previously been identified as workers living in the city of Sirte. Several of the men were captured from a car leaving the city in late December. Others were seized from a house in Sirte in January, where survivors said the attackers separated Christians from Muslims, taking only the Christians as hostages. Fourteen of the men came from the village of Al-Our, in the province of Minya in central Egypt.
Militants have frequently attacked Egyptian citizens and installations in Libya over recent months of turmoil. In January 2014 five Egyptian embassy staff were kidnapped and later released.
Egypt's embassy in Tripoli was also the target of a bombing last November. Egypt is a key backer of Libya's internationally recognised government which has retreated to the eastern city of Tobruk.
Egyptian Coptic Christians have also been singled out for attacks. In 2012 and 2013, explosions have hit at least two Coptic churches. In 2014, a reported 14 Egyptian Copts were killed, including a physician, his wife and daughter who were killed in Sirte in December.
The video was released the day after Isis took control of Sirte, birthplace of the late dictator Muammar Gaddafi, with gunmen capturing government buildings and radio stations, the third town in Libya it now holds.
Sirte had been held by Libya Dawn, an Islamist-led militia coalition that rebelled against the elected government in the summer and has been fighting a bitter war with government forces ever since.
Isis has emerged in recent weeks as a third side in a civil war, raising western fears that it will launch terror strikes across the Mediterranean against Europe. Fears of an attack by Isisprompted Italy to evacuate its Tripoli embassy on Sunday, the last major power to do so.
The British foreign secretary, Philip Hammond, condemned the murders and said the UK remains fully supportive of the UN's efforts to build a national unity government for Libya.
“Such barbaric acts strengthen our determination to work with our partners to counter the expanding terrorist threat to Libya and the region,” he said.
“Acts of terrorism should not be allowed to undermine Libya's political transition. We remain fully supportive of the UN's efforts to build a national unity government for Libya and to bring a political solution to the ongoing security crisis. Those who support terrorists can have no part in this process.”
The White House called the killings “despicable and cowardly”.
“This wanton killing of innocents is just the most recent of the many vicious acts perpetrated by Isil-affiliated terrorists against the people of the region, including the murders of dozens of Egyptian soldiers in the Sinai, which only further galvanises the international community to unite against Isil,” said spokesman Josh Earnest.
“This heinous act once again underscores the urgent need for a political resolution to the conflict in Libya, the continuation of which only benefits terrorist groups, including Isil.”
(Reading time-3 minutes)
(Skim bold-20 sec)
“Qi” (氣) literally means gas in Chinese. The pictograph shows steam coming off of a pot of rice. A more ancient pictograph shows smoke coming off of fire. In either case it refers to gasses or vapors. This is a fundamental part of how yoga, acupuncture and meditation practices work.
Chinese medicine has long recognized that gasses within the body play a role in the warming, holding, energizing and providing communication within the human body. Medically there are names for many kinds of gasses based on their actions in the body. While they lacked the technology to identify and measure the exact gasses, they were keenly aware of how these gasses permeated the body and the points at which they exited the skin.
Gasotransmitters
Gasotransmitters were discovered in the early 1990s and their discovery is redefining the way we think about medicine. They are small molecules of gas such as nitric oxide, hydrogen sulfide and carbon monoxide. They can pass freely through membranes, transmit signals from neurons to target cells.
Gasotransmitters are involved with nearly every process in the body. They have well-defined functions. Some send messages to tell cells how much energy they should be producing. When the right proportion of gasotransmitters reaches fat stores, they begin to transform fat into useable energy and heat.
Comparison of Qi and Nitric oxide Chinese Medicine's Concept of Qi “Gas” Gasotransmitters Can travel through the body. Can travel through the body. Provides a communication function in the body. Provides a communication function in the body. Is created by combining breath and food. A combination of gasses drawn in from the lungs, amino acids and endogenous production from microbiota. Some gasses such as nitric oxide can be synthesized from most cells types. Is influenced by a special gas in the kidneys, which is associated with sexual function. Hydrogen sulfide is a gasotransmitter associated with sexual function. It influences nitric oxide. Serves as a source of energy. Mitochondria release nitric oxide which signal the breakdown of fat into usable energy and tell mitochondria to begin producing more ATP. ATP is the body's energy currency. When qi is unevenly distributed it causes a lack of energy. Nitric oxide regulates metabolism of energy However, high concentrations of nitric oxide inhibit the mitochondrial respiration and limit energy production. Has a warming function. Nitric oxide converts fat into heat. It can improve the thermogenesis of brown fat. Involved with the body's metabolism. Involved with the body's metabolism. Has overlapping functions with nerves, but cannot be limited to nerves alone. Nerves release gasotransmitters which travel through membranes and make their way to other nerves. In the central and peripheral nervous system, nitric oxide serves as a neurotransmitter. In the nervous system, nitric oxide regulates neurotransmitter release and it can play a key role in synaptic plasticity and morphogenesis. Controls blood circulation and has a close relationship with blood. Nitric oxide dilates blood vessels influencing blood circulation. Travels along acupuncture channels and exits at acupuncture points. Nitric oxide contents and neuronal nitric oxide synthase expression are consistently higher in the skin acupoints/meridians. Enhanced nitric oxide in the acupoints/ meridians is generated from multiple resources. Too many causes inflammation. This is known as “Liver qi stagnation” Large amounts of nitric oxide, generated primarily by iNOS can be toxic and cause inflammation. Particularly oxidative damage to the liver. Influences water metabolism. Nitric oxide plays an important role in controlling enzymes such as sodium potassium ATPase. This enzyme is essential for the body's cellular pumps to control how much water is kept inside cells. Can be directed by intention. Neurotransmitters connect the brain and spinal cord with cells and peripheral neurons. These neurotransmitters release nitric oxide. Facilitates the actions of the internal organs and endocrine system. Facilitates the actions of the internal organs and endocrine system. It's even flow influences emotional states and endocrine function. Herbal formulas which have a sedative influence on the body seem to lower levels of nitric oxide. In addition acupuncture therapy which is used to regulate the flow of nitric oxide in the body has been shown to be effective for depression. Controls gut balance. Nitric oxide kills off certain microorganisms while allowing others to thrive.
The sensation of heat many people feel while meditating is in part due to gasotransmitters unlocking stored energy and turning it into heat and usable ATP energy. If you are tired and have fat to spare, the problem isn't supply, but rather distribution. By taking time to work on regulating gasotransmitters, you can free up more energy and enjoy a better life.
For references and to learn more, check out:
Book:
Enlightenweight-Cultivate the Garden Within
Podcast: Botanical Biohacking
Episode #8:How Breathing and Plant Flavors Influence Gasotransmitters
Episode #7: ow Gases and Bacteria Can Unlock Extraordinary Abilities
The Science of Qi by Andrew Miles & Xuelan Qiu is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. Based on a work at Enlightenweight-Cultivate the Garden Within .
Advertisements
Remadna received a death threat over the phone: "We know where your kids go to school," and "your daughter is very pretty." The next day, a delegation of completely veiled Salafist "true Muslim mothers" came and told her, "We want mosques, not schools."
"The farther I walked between the buildings, the more I was stunned. A courtyard of Islamist miracles; an enclave that wants to live like during the times of Muhammad. Bakery, hairdresser... It's a mini Islamic Republic. During the sermons, they denounce, they criminalize. A woman who smokes? A degenerate. A woman who does not veil herself? A tease. A man that does not eat halal ? He has an express ticket to hell." — Paris Match.
The Salafists, in fact, do not want to "take the power in these neighborhoods." In many, they already have it.
"There are today, we know, a hundred neighborhoods in France that present potential similarities with what's happened in Molenbeek." — Patrick Kanner, Minister for Urban Areas.
Patrick Kanner, France's Minister for Urban Areas, was undoubtedly not planning to tell the truth on March 27.
He was on the set of Europe 1 TV to emphasize the left's credo: Islamist terrorism is rooted in poverty and unemployment. But they asked one question again and again: "How many Molenbeeks are in France?" Finally, he said: "There are today, we know, a hundred neighborhoods in France that present potential similarities with what has happened in Molenbeek."
Molenbeek, as the entire world knows today, is the neighborhood of Brussels that has become the epicenter of jihad in Europe. It is a neighborhood under Salafist control that sent three of its residents to assassinate hundreds of people in Paris on November 13, 2015. These are the residents of the same neighborhood that bombed the Brussels airport and the Maalbeek Metro station.
The Molenbeek neighborhood of Brussels has become the epicenter of jihad in Europe. Abdelhamid Abaaoud (right), mastermind of the November 2015 attacks in Paris, lived in Molenbeek. Amedy Coulibaly (left), who in January 2015 murdered a policewoman and four Jews in Paris, spent time in Molenbeek.
The reactions to Kanner's statement have not been slow. The first secretary of the Socialist Party, Jean-Christophe Cambadélis, accused Kanner of "dissolving national harmony." Julien Dray, another leading figure of the Socialist Party, also criticized Kanner, telling him: "I do not like it when we stigmatize [people]."
Nonetheless, Kanner will not let himself be intimidated. In a March 28 interview in Le Parisien, he recalled,
"Amedy Coulibaly [the killer in the Hyper Cacher attack], who was from the Grande-Borne à Grigny, Mehdi Nemmouche [the Brussels Jewish Museum killer], who passed through the Bourgogne neighborhood in Tourcoing. and Mohamed Merah, who was from the Mirail neighborhood in Toulouse."
Malek Boutih, Socialist Deputy, came to Kanner's aid. He declared,
"It is the first time that a minister of the suburbs says even a little bit of the truth, namely that the ghettos have transformed, little by little, into zones that we cannot control very well... Neighborhoods that are incubators for terrorists."
Samia Ghali, a Senator from Bouches du Rhones (Socialist Party), echoed the statements of the Minister for Urban Areas: "There are training camps in the neighborhoods of Marseille where people are learning to shoot." She adds, "I've gotten to the point of asking if we should build walls to protect schoolyards from Kalashnikov bullets or from rifles finding their way into the school yard."
Gilles Kepel, professor at the Paris Institute of Political Studies, and one of the best experts on Islamism in France, explained in early April that three ingredients are necessary for making a Molenbeek:
"1) A strong system of crime organized around kif [a type of marijuana]; 2) Hideouts for terrorists and sites where they can stock weapons; 3) Local politicians who accept that the Salafists have opened countless uncontrollable mosques."
These three ingredients would be uniformly present in all 100 French Molenbeeks, added Kepel. But the goal of the Salafists, he adds, is actually to seize neighborhoods in order to wage a "enclave war."
Patrick Kanner, the Minister for Urban Areas confirmed this view: "The Salafists want to take the power in these neighborhoods." The gravity of the situation was recently underscored by Prime Minister Manual Valls: a fundamentalist "minority," he said, is about to win "the ideological and cultural battle" over Islam.
The Salafists, in fact, do not want to "take the power in these neighborhoods." In many, they already have it.
On January 27, the magazine Paris-Match dedicated several pages to the neighborhood Reine-Jeanne in Avignon, a large city in the south of France, where the Salafists have systematically exploited half a million Muslims.
"The farther I walked between the buildings, the more I was stunned. A courtyard of Islamist miracles, a Salafist pocket, an enclave that wants to live like during the times of Muhammad. Bakery, hairdresser, building managers, teenagers. All (or almost) overcome with the Koran. Well, their Koran. It's a mini Islamic Republic. "During the sermons, they denounce, they criminalize. A woman who smokes? A degenerate. A woman who does not veil herself? A tease. A man that does not eat halal? He has an express ticket to hell. That female neighbor, the one who is divorced, with three kids, and works with men? She will end up losing her virtue. She should just give up. In order to not pass for an 'easy woman,' the unlucky choose the hard life, welfare benefits!"
In Sevran, a suburb of Paris, the Salafist mosque was sealed off several weeks ago because it had been recruiting a dozen young Muslims for the Islamic State. Six may have already been killed in Syria. Nadia Remadna, a Muslim social worker, lives in Sevran. She started the local "Mothers' Brigade" to help women keep control over their children, against the Islamists. In 2014, she wrote the provocative book, How I Saved My Children, with the sub-title "Before, we feared our children would fall in with delinquents. Now, we fear they will become terrorists."
On March 14, Remadna received a death threat over the phone: "We know where your kids go to school," and "your daughter is very pretty."
The next day, a delegation of completely veiled Salafist "true Muslim mothers" came and told her, "We want mosques, not schools."
On March 29, the philosopher Yves Michaud spoke to the magazine Paris Match about his students:
"My ex-students who teach today in the suburbs... tell me that among their students they have some who could become terrorists overnight. They take on the weight of Islam, of adolescence, of the ghettoization that makes them question their identity, of cultural disorientation. It is an ideal breeding-ground for the jihadist calling."
How many Salafists are there in France? 15,000 to 20,000, according to Bernard Godard, former head of the Bureau of Religion for the Ministry of the Interior. According to the politician Antoine Sfeir, there are 20,000 to 30,000 Salafists. According to police sources, out of 2,500 listed Islamic places of worship in metropolitan France, at least 90 are Salafist. The number doubles every three years. They are located in the suburbs of Paris, in the Lyon region and in Marseille.
According to the Ministry of the Interior, 41 Islamic places of worship have been the target of "infiltration," meaning that "traditional" imams are being forcibly evicted and replaced by Salafist imams.
The real question is: If the state is aware of the situation -- and it is -- why has it not banned Salafism, and why does it not expel the Salafist imams who are prospering not only in these neighborhoods, but also on YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter?
Yesterday Dennis Gartman voiced his disdain and concern over Hank Paulson's absurd mortgage-bailout plan. His comments are an eloquent extension of the crony capitalism I've decried ever since the whole notion of bailing out mortgage-related products first popped up -- and thus, I've decided to include some of them here:
We wonder who it shall be that will make the decisions involved as to which mortgagee shall be helped out and which shall be left behind. What shall become of those mortgagees who had paid up their mortgages; accepted the newer, higher rates; and have been consistent in meeting their obligations?... Are contracts no longer to be viewed as law, but rather are to be viewed as nothing other than mere whim? If we are to allow mortgagees who are in trouble to stand down and have their problems taken up by taxpayers, what then of contracts anywhere? Can we demand foreign governments, or foreign companies, or foreign individuals stand by their commitments to Americans if Americans will not stand by their commitments to one another?
No one wants to see people put out from their homes... But to have the government step in and mandate that homeowners be allowed, under penalty of law, to remain in their homes and for banks to be forced to accommodate is legal and philosophical madness. This is a country of law, which believes in the sanctity of contract agreed upon by those who've consented to the binding nature of that contract. But to have government force the issue -- and worse, to mandate [that] taxpayer funds be used to do so -- is morally wrong, with implications that shall redound into any and all other economic concerns."
The Perils of Paulson
While on the subject of moral hazard and Paulson's loony ideas, I would like to share a quote from "Bye-Bye, Free-Market Global Capitalism," an article written by AIG's Bernard Connolly (forwarded to me by the Lord of the Dark Matter):
"In the past few days, one has seen a subprime plan from Paulson that massively increases moral hazard and seems to follow resolutely Socialist principles of 'to each according to his needs,' as several commentators have remarked, and arguably overthrows not just 200 years of contract law in the U.S. but the application in the U.S. of English common law provisions on contract going back much further than a mere 200 years. This plan indeed incorporates aspects of a horrible new New Deal."
I think those two gentlemen have said all that needs saying on this subject.
The New Jersey governor is accused of knowingly refraining from carrying out duties of his position during the 2013 bridge closure, court official said
New Jersey governor Chris Christie is facing an official misconduct complaint stemming from the closure of lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge in 2013.
A judge signed the summons on Thursday, sending the case to the Bergen County prosecutor's office, which will decide whether the case will lead to an indictment. The Republican governor appointed the prosecutor.
Bridgegate testimony: Christie and Cuomo considered releasing false report Read more
Municipal court administrative specialist Jessica Lemley said a complaint of official misconduct would mean Christie – currently a key aide to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump – is accused of knowingly refraining from performing a duty imposed on him by law or clearly inherent in the nature of his office.
Official misconduct carries a possible sentence of five to 10 years.
Christie's spokesman said the ruling was being appealed. He said that the governor had no knowledge of the so-called Bridgegate plot and that case had already been “thoroughly investigated”.
Two former Christie appointees are on trial accused of orchestrating the lane closures in September 2013 as political retribution against the Democratic mayor of Fort Lee for not endorsing Christie's re-election bid.
Christie has said he did not know about the plot. “I had no knowledge, prior to or during these lane realignments, I had no role in authorizing it, I had no knowledge of it, and there's been no evidence ever put forward that I did,” he said in September.
Christie has faced repeated questions for the past three years over his role in the illegal lane closures of a road in Fort Lee leading into the George Washington Bridge, connecting New York and New Jersey, which created a large traffic jam. He has apologized to the family of a 91-year-old woman who died during the lane closures when an ambulance took seven minutes to reach her. “All I can do is apologize for the conduct of the people who worked for me,” the governor said. “I can't reverse time. Believe me, I would.”
Several investigations by state and federal authorities suggested that the lane closures had been orchestrated by Christie's aides as retribution for Fort Lee mayor's failure to endorse Christie in his re-election campaign.
The criminal complaint was filed by a New Jersey activist, Bill Brennan, in late September and accuses the governor of misconduct for having knowledge of his aides' conduct and the motivations behind it.
Despite his denials, Christie's involvement in the case has repeatedly been drawn into question as the trial of his aides unfolds in Newark.
Bridget Kelly and Bill Baroni are currently on trial for charges of fraud and conspiracy, while a third aide, David Wildstein, pleaded guilty and has been cooperating with the prosecution.
He testified that the governor knew by midweek that the lane shutdowns were intended as payback against Fort Lee's mayor.
In their opening statements federal prosecutors also claimed that Christie was aware of the lane closures. Kelly's lawyer also suggested that Christie had knowledge of the plot before and during the lane closures.
The criminal summons signed by a judge on Thursday is separate to the federal case and will be referred to the Bergen County prosecutor's office. However, Bergen County prosecutor Gurbir Grewal was recently re-appointed by Christie himself and the case may raise questions of conflict of interest.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Loblaw Companies Ltd. and Shoppers Drug Mart are merging two of the most popular loyalty point programs into one, in a new venture called PC Optimum.
Starting Feb. 1, anyone who is a member of either PC Plus points or Shoppers Optimum will be grouped into the new points program, where their account balances will be transferred over at par.
The lone exception where the move isn't automatic is in Quebec, where Shoppers Drug Mart operates under the Pharmaprix name. In that province, the Pharmaprix Optimum program will end on Jan. 31 next year and members will have until May 2 that year to redeem their points or convert them at equal value to the new program.
The move has been long anticipated ever since Loblaw bought the drug store chain in 2014. The PC points program currently has about 11 million members. Shoppers Optimum, meanwhile, counts 8 million members.
TD Bank analyst Michael Van Aelst says about half of that total pool of 19 million members are already members of both programs, so the chain is hoping to grow by catering the other chain to the other half.
All in all, points will accrue and can be spent at all of the chain's retail brands, including:
Real Canadian Superstore.
Atlantic Superstore.
City Market.
No Frills.
Independent.
Zehrs.
Loblaws.
Shoppers Drug Mart.
Shoppers Home Health Care.
online at JoeFresh.com and BeautyBoutique.ca.
Once the system is set up, members will be able to accumulate and spend points interchangeably at all the chain's 2,500 different stores and websites.
While points will be moved over at par, it will be easier to earn new ones at Shoppers than it will be at Loblaws.
Under the current system, PC points members can redeem 20,000 points to get $20 worth of groceries. The number of points they earn per dollar spent at Loblaws stores varies depending on the person, and the products in their personalized offers in any given week.
Galen Weston Jr., executive chairman of Loblaw, is seen announcing the Shoppers Drug Mart acquisition in July 2013. (Canadian Press)
Shoppers Optimum points members currently only have to redeem 8,000 points to get $10 worth of goods, but all customers will earn 50 per cent more points for almost every dollar spent at Shoppers Drug Mart locations to help account for the higher number of points needed for each redemption level.
Van Aelst sums up the changes like this: "Those that had redeemed more frequently at lower tiers will see slightly better returns while those that had previously chosen to maximize point value by stock-piling points to redeem at the highest tiers will see slightly lower returns."
"Conversion of existing Optimum points will be done at the highest eligible tier," he said.
Customers of both chains have been requesting this change for a while now, Loblaw's senior vice-president of loyalty and consumer insights Jim Noteboom said.
"Make it one program, that's easy to understand and easy to earn, with points that are redeemable at all stores," he said collectors told the company while it gathered research on its loyalty cards.
Follows split with CIBC
Analyst speculation about a points merger has heightened since August when CIBC and Loblaw's PC Financial announced they would end their nearly 20-year relationship.
In its place, CIBC launched Simplii Financial — a no-fee direct banking brand — on Nov. 1. In the breakup, savings, chequing and mortgage accounts went with Simplii, while MasterCard credit cards and the PC Plus points program remained with PC Financial.
The change means PC Financial debit cardholders no longer earn PC points when using those cards.
Both companies said that the end of the company's relationship with CIBC was unrelated to the decision to merge both programs, which has been in the works for a few years.
TEAM: Ten inclusions for North
Rob Burton 10 September 2015 6:04 PM
North Melbourne has added 10 players to its squad for the clash against Richmond on Sunday.
The “North Nine” rested for last week's match, have been named along with forward Lindsay Thomas in the 25-man squad.
Among the star inclusions are Todd Goldstein, Ben Cunnington, Shaun Higgins and Andrew Swallow meaning North is set to field arguably its strongest team of the season so far.
Thomas missed the last two games due to a foot injury, but will return for his 19th game of the season, should he be named in the final 22 on Friday.
At this stage, the Roos have made six omissions, with only Luke McDonald and Aaron Mullett retained of last week's inclusions, while Kayne Turner has been ruled out due to concussion.
The team will be trimmed to 22 on Friday afternoon.
North team
Backs M.Firrito 11 S.Thompson 16 S.Atley 18
Half Backs S.Wright 19 R.Tarrant 25 J.Macmillan 34
Centreline N.Dal Santo 15 J.Ziebell 7 B.Jacobs 5
Half Forwards S.Higgins 4 D.Petrie 20 T.Garner 27
Forwards B.Brown 50 J.Waite 30 B.Harvey 29
Followers T.Goldstein 22 A.Swallow 9 B.Cunnington 10
Interchange From R.Bastinac 3 L.Hansen 6 L.Thomas 12 L.McDonald 21 R.Nahas 28 A.Mullett 41 S.Gibson 43
In: N.Dal Santo, J.Waite, M.Firrito, A.Swallow, S.Higgins, L.Thomas, T.Goldstein, S.Wright, B.Cunnington, S.Thompson
Out: J.Tippett (Omitted), M.Daw (Omitted), A.Black (Omitted), B.McKenzie (Omitted), M.Wood (Omitted), T.Dumont (Omitted), K.Turner (Concussion)
Richmond team
Backs C.Newman 1 J.Batchelor 11 A.Rance 18
Half Backs B.Houli 14 N.Vlastuin 31 T.Chaplin 25
Centreline B.Ellis 5 T.Cotchin 9 K.McIntosh 33
Half Forwards D.Martin 4 B.Lennon 35 K.Lambert 48
Forwards J.Riewoldt 8 B.Deledio 3 T.Vickery 29
Followers I.Maric 20 S.Grigg 6 T.Hunt 28
Interchange From D.Grimes 2 A.Miles 26 S.Lloyd 27 S.Edwards 10 B.Griffiths 24 R.Conca 30 S.Morris 38
In: S.Morris , B.Griffiths , R.Conca
A crowd of more than 80,000 is expected for the MCG blockbuster on Sunday, with limited tickets remaining.
North Melbourne will hold an open training session this Saturday (September 12, 2015) at Arden Street from 11.15am-12.00pm.
A retired Special Forces NCO I served with back in the early sixties in the 101st Airborne, as infantry grunts, sent this poignant reminder of Christmas and New Year's dinners of the past. Even if you weren't deployed, a holiday dinner in the mess hall, served on a scarred metal tray, was nothing to write home about. When I opened his email, I just sat here for several minutes looking at those familiar images from my long-ago service, particularly my 1965 Christmas in Vietnam, and thinking how fortunate I was that such a holiday meal wasn't my last as it was for so many of my fellow troopers and all the others who have made the supreme sacrifice for this country. And those of us who made it back can assure you that there is no lonelier time on a deployment than Christmas day.
Christmas Dinner in Combat
I'm thinking this should be made into a Christmas card and sent to all our friends and family members who have never had the opportunity to have such a holiday repast, particularly the military-loathing liberals among them, to remind them of the grim reality of what it is we ask of our young warriors.
RIO DE JANEIRO/NEW YORK (Reuters) - When federal prosecutor Eduardo Santos de Oliveira heard in November about an oil spill in a Chevron field off Brazil's coast, he was determined that, this time, the polluters wouldn't wiggle from his grip.
Brazilian federal prosecutor Eduardo Santos de Oliveira listens to a question during a news conference, as he discusses the oil leak around Chevron's deep-sea well, in Rio de Janeiro March 21, 2012. REUTERS/Sergio Moraes
Time and again over the past decade, targets of his civil and criminal cases have used Brazil's legal system — with its generous appeals process and rampant delays — to avoid penalties or escape justice, Oliveira told Reuters in two recent interviews. Undeterred, he is now in another major battle.
Oliveira on Wednesday brought criminal charges against Chevron, the second-largest U.S. oil company, Swiss rig-operator Transocean, and 17 of the companies' employees, adding the threat of jail terms to an earlier civil lawsuit seeking more than $11 billion in damages.
He accused the oilmen of creating a “contamination time bomb.” While the spill was 3,000 barrels or fewer, Oliveira says Chevron's subsea oil reservoir was damaged by reckless drilling, raising the specter of future catastrophic leaks. Chevron called the criminal charges “outrageous” and a long legal battle seems likely. Oliveira, 47, does not shy away from high-profile legal brawls against corporations or political bigwigs.
From his base in the hot, tropical interior of Rio de Janeiro state, he pursued hundreds of millions of dollars in damages for a deadly 2001 oil spill by Petrobras, the state-run oil giant, and in 2003, against a paper industry firm that fouled a nearby river, leaving millions without drinking water.
In 2008, he prosecuted the man who was then the most powerful politician in Rio de Janeiro — former state governor Antony Garotinho — on corruption and armed racketeering charges, eventually winning convictions. To this day, Petrobras and the paper industry firm are still appealing Oliveira's suits. Despite court rulings in the prosecutor's favor, he says few damages have yet been paid. Garotinho remains free and may soon run for governor again.
The Chevron spill “is not an isolated incident, it's the third serious environmental accident in my area that I've handled in a decade,” Oliveira said from behind a desk piled high with Chevron drilling diagrams and hundreds of pages of evidence he has received from environmental investigators. “I'm tired of companies looking at my efforts as just another cost of doing business.”
In Brazil's constitution, drafted in 1988, federal prosecutors were granted near total autonomy to file suit against alleged polluters. But Oliveira says the charges rarely lead to big damage awards or prison sentences, and that the appeals process usually whittles down penalties to irrelevance. “We need to change the parameters,” he said. “If companies don't listen to millions, we have to ask for billions.”
BIGGEST-EVER ENVIRONMENTAL SUIT
The civil case Oliveira filed against Chevron and Transocean is the largest environmental lawsuit in Brazil's history. It has since been shifted by a judge to state capital Rio de Janeiro, where it will be taken up by another prosecutor.
If Oliveira's charges are accepted by a judge, the criminal case could be in federal courts for years. Guilty verdicts could bring prison sentences of up to 31 years for some of those charged, Oliveira said in a statement on Wednesday, vowing to seek the firmest sentences allowed by law.
That marked an escalation in his tone. He told reporters in his office early this year that jail terms are a “last resort”.
“These people don't have criminal records and courts are generally lenient to first time offenders,” he said then. Critics have accused Oliveira of overreach because Chevron's November spill was less than 0.1 percent of the massive 4.9-million-barrel 2010 BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico. A congressional leader of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff's Workers' Party called the lawsuits over-aggressive.
“If Chevron failed to comply with their licenses or drilling plans, they should be punished,” said Adriano Pires, a former board member at government oil regulator ANP who now heads Brazil Infrastructure Institute, an energy think-tank. “But the prosecutor is moving far too fast ... He has little or no technical experience.” Oliveira says he has evidence that reckless drilling by Chevron caused the November spill and a subsequent oil seep at Frade, discovered this month.
But Chevron spokesman Kurt Glaubitz said Oliveira's charges “are not consistent with the facts of the incident and there have been no coastal or wildlife impacts.” Transocean said it has cooperated with authorities and will defend its employees.
A HISTORY OF FRUSTRATION
Oliveira's cramped office in the downtown of Campos, the administrative center of Brazil's oil patch, looks out over a cathedral and the banks of the Paraiba do Sul River. His desk is perched in front of a large Brazilian flag. The son of a chauffeur and housewife in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, Oliveira is a former law clerk who got his law degree part time. His career path is unusual in a legal profession dominated by the sons and daughters of Brazil's elite. He is also one of Brazil's relatively few Afro-Brazilian prosecutors.
Oliveira says he doesn't aspire to be an “activist” prosecutor but hopes the Chevron suit will set new legal precedents and says any settlement “would have to be in the billions.” He was appointed almost a decade ago by popular former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, a leftist ex-union leader. During Lula's term, around 50 billion barrels of oil were found offshore Brazil, the world's biggest discoveries in decades.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“Ever since Lula, the oil issue has become increasingly political,” Pires said. “These charges are being used by those who want to shut out foreign investment and vilify foreign companies.” Oliveira insists he isn't motivated by nationalism.
“I don't care if the company is American or Brazilian or whatever,” he says. “This is about protecting the environment where I live.” In 2003, Oliveira saw the wide Paraiba do Sul River run red with toxic waste after a dam at an upstream paper pulp mill broke, discharging chemicals into the waterway that provides water for 12 million people. The region lost its main source of drinking water for weeks and residual damage has lasted years, he says. He launched a landmark case against the mill, but even after winning several judgments, no damages were collected and employees convicted of crimes haven't been jailed, he says.
In his other big case, Oliveira has long been pursuing civil damage awards against state-run oil firm Petrobras after its P-36 oil platform exploded and sank in 2001, killing 11 workers and triggering an oil spill about three times larger than Chevron's Frade incident. He says Petrobras has succeeded in deferring most payments in that case. “Our previous efforts succeeded on paper but nobody has been punished,” he said. “I want to do better than that.”
On Monday, January 18, 2016, the monthly meeting of the European Union Foreign Affairs Council in Brussels is expected to discuss and decide on next steps to be adopted by the EU on the Israeli-Palestinian issue. Policy-makers in Israel are worried as they fear an expansion of European efforts to isolate Israel's settlements.
As it discusses next steps, Europe must recognize that “the US leads” approach to resolving the conflict is doomed to never-ending failure: It affords time for the Israeli settlement enterprise to further entrench itself and makes the two-state solution increasingly impossible to achieve. It is blindingly clear - in light of two decades of failed bilateral negotiations under American auspices - that US leadership of conflict resolution efforts is pointless and counter-productive.
If Europe's policy is to achieve two states for two peoples, it will have to pursue an independent policy position that circumvents the Americans. Moreover, the substance of European policy will have to be more consequential than policy changes to the EU Guidelines for participation in the Horizon 2020 program that exclude settlements, or requiring that Israeli settlement products be labeled while allowing their trade to continue.
European policy will have to become more punitive and assertive if it is to incentivize Israel to make meaningful concessions for peace. A study undertaken by the European Council on Foreign Relations in July 2015 shows that there is significant opportunity to further isolate Israel's settlement project by expanding the scope of legal differentiation between Israel and the Occupied Territories in European law, to include re-examining “the integration of the European and Israeli financial sectors, the charitable status within the EU of organizations that support Israel's settlement enterprise and the validity within the EU of legal documents issued by Israeli authorities in the Occupied Territories.”
If Europe's influence in this conflict arena is negligible, it is because Europe has relied on the wrong leadership for too long. This tragic, historic mistake has not only cost European taxpayers billions, but has also led to a reality that is the diametric opposite of what European policy-makers intended. After 23 years, reliance on American “leadership” has led to the creation of numerous Palestinian Bantustans, surrounded by an occupying military power that continues to occupy with impunity, bankrolled by European taxpayers: The EU and its member states are by far the largest donors to the Palestinians. Israel – delighted that another party is willing to subsidize its military occupation - continues to expand and consolidate its settlement enterprise, with the support of large sections of the American public.
Historically, the US and EU have shared a common objective of resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through the framework of a two-state solution. However, after the repeated failure of US mediation efforts, and, more recently, the resignation of the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in the Occupied Territories, a perverse reality continues to dictate that there is no peace - and no traction towards peace - any time in the near future, or possibly even within our lifetimes.
America supports occupation. Europe inadvertently subsidizes occupation. This regrettable logic is an accurate description of current reality. The US continues to advocate a hands-off, “it's up to the two parties to decide” approach. As a result, Israel, which has all the power, has little incentive to concede, while the Palestinians, who have no power and are supposedly “protected” under international law are left to their despair.
While commentators have busied themselves picking at the rotting carcass of the so-called peace process and apportioning blame for its failure, few have dared to state the obvious: America is part of the problem, not the solution. Israeli intransigence and blatant violation of international law is fueled by its belief that, no matter what its does, the US will always insulate it from meaningful rebuke. Palestinian desperation is driven by a conviction that America's overwhelming support to Israel makes negotiations pointless, as Israel has little incentive to concede when showered with so much money, weapons and political support.
To take but one example, in February 2011, the Obama administration vetoed a UN resolution declaring Israeli settlements illegal, despite the fact that 130 countries co-sponsored the resolution and it was supported by all other 14 members of the Security Council. Later that year, in May 2011, the US Congress gave Prime Minister Netanyahu 29 standing ovations as he publicly dismissed President Obama's position that the 1967 borders should be the basis for a final territorial settlement. By contrast, Europeans have moved towards recognition of the State of Palestine. Sweden and the Vatican's recognition are now official while parliaments in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain, France, Luxembourg, along with the European Parliament, have all approved recognition.
In summary, the US gives staunch support for Israel, while the EU tries to clean up the chaos inspired by Israeli excesses and US hypocrisy ad infinitum. Monday's meeting is an opportunity to examine what the EU can do to change this reality.
It is time for Europe to roll up its sleeves, play power politics, and take on the occupier, without waiting for American leadership to produce results. If the experiences of Bosnia, Kosovo, East Timor and South Africa are anything to go by, an occupier or an apartheid regime will only change its ways with a nuanced combination of sanctions, international isolation and, as a last resort, military force.
The EU must rise to the occasion and demonstrate to its constituents that European money and credibility are more important than indulging in American charades of impartiality. It is clear that America has no moral or political qualms with Israel remaining an occupying force. Once Europe finally acknowledges this reality and moves on, it will find the strength and legitimacy to propose policies of its own, in line with its European neighborhood objectives, its own moral standards, and its own laws.
Alberta's energy industry is pushing for carbon taxes half as high as what government has proposed, with oil sands companies lobbying for less stringent goals that would leave the province short of meeting its emissions goals.
The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers has suggested the province target a 20-per-cent reduction in per-barrel emissions, and a $20-per-tonne tax on those unable to comply, according to a provincial document.
That falls well short of an Alberta proposal for oil sands emissions reductions of 40-per-cent per barrel – up from 12 per cent under current rules – and a $40-per-tonne tax – up from $15 today. The so-called 40-40 proposal, which would come into effect by 2020, was made March 27, at a breakfast meeting with senior oil and gas figures in Calgary, when Alberta described plans for what it called a "climate change policy renewal."
Story continues below advertisement
A slide deck from that meeting seen by the Globe and Mail makes clear that Alberta believes it has little choice but to act as it works to convince others of its commitment to the environment.
"Increases in policy price and target stringency are required to gain credibility," the document says. The "low average price in Alberta is a criticism of the current regulatory system."
The broad gulf between government and industry targets sheds new light on the stakes in discussions with the oil and gas sector.
Industry officials have argued that a higher carbon tax could impair their competitiveness, and were stunned by the Alberta proposal. But the province is mired in a fight to improve its image abroad, and in particular in the United States, where Alberta Premier Alison Redford has travelled this week to meet with policymakers. It is the premier's fourth trip south of the border in 18 months, amid a tense bid to convince the U.S. to approve the Keystone XL pipeline project to carry oil sands crude to the Gulf Coast.
In the slide deck, the government lists "social license" as one of the goals of its greenhouse gas strategy. "You might as well have written Keystone there," said a person familiar with the proposal.
Alberta wants to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 50 million tonnes a year from a 2020 "business as usual" projection. According to the slide deck, the 40-40 plan would achieve a 61-million-tonne reduction. The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers proposal would cut 45 million tonnes. Another proposal put forward by the federal government would achieve a 53-million-tonne cut. That would include a 30-per-cent per-barrel emissions cut with a dual carbon price of $30 and $60, where companies would pay the lower price for some emissions and the higher for the remainder.
A spokesman for the Alberta ministry of environment and sustainable resource development declined specific comment. An official in the office of federal Environment Minister Peter Kent said there "remains work to be done" in sorting out the new policy, and it is "premature to discuss any solution."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But the competing proposals constitute the yardsticks in the bid to develop energy sector greenhouse gas regulations. And Alberta, which has taken pains to emphasize that it is still deciding what to do, is not wedded to its 40-40 proposal. The slide deck outlines two "Alberta oil sands options." The second calls for a 30-per-cent reduction in per-barrel emissions, with a $30 carbon tax.
Alberta says it has "commissioned three financial firms to review this work and provide comment as to its 'reasonableness.'"
The document also suggests the province may not apply the same price to all portions of the energy sector. It mentions an "opportunity to make adjustments based on economic rational[e]." In other words, while the oil sands may face the highest targets and carbon price, lower standards may be applied to those that, for example, produce natural gas or refine oil.
Alberta says it is not planning to enforce its emissions reductions on smaller emitters, meaning the rules will apply only to those producing 100,000 tonnes a year of carbon.
The 40-40 proposal has stirred substantial discussion in Alberta, and in particular among those companies that may face substantially greater costs. Some are skeptical that the province will follow through, saying 40-40 constitutes an initial high number for negotiations. "We note that the proposal is still in early days and will face many challenges to becoming a reality," Andrew Potter, an analyst with CIBC World Markets Inc., wrote on Monday. He noted that, "in our opinion the proposed levy is designed to appease considerations associated with KXL."
Calculations completed by FirstEnergy Capital Corp. suggest the 40-40 target would cost some oil sands producers roughly 60 cents per barrel after tax. But that may be worth it, FirstEnergy concludes. The firm says if it influences the U.S. decision on Keystone XL, "then we would view such a trade-off (slightly higher costs vs. much more security regarding heavy oil differentials and thus revenues in the longer term) as a net positive for oilsands producers. But that small number may mask a larger impact: For some projects, it's enough to cut the net present value by fully 15 per cent – although most will face a more modest 2-to 3-per-cent reduction."
Earlier today, Putin did his usual "we are pulling our forces away from the Ukraine border" gambit (sure he is... and is replacing them with a massive airforce drill), and as usual the algos fell for it, after European stocks suddenly surged out of nowhere on the now quite generic bounce catalyst (Update: RASMUSSEN: NO SIGN OF RUSSIAN TROOP PULLBACK FROM NEAR UKRAINE - what a surprise), but what is shaping up as a far more dangerous escalation is what China is doing next to its border with Vietnam, where as reported previously protesters destroyed Chinese factories and killed Chinese civilians in retaliation over yet another maritime territorial spat. According to the Epoch Times, "troops, tanks, trucks, artillery, and armored personnel carriers of China's military were seen heading to the Vietnamese border on May 16 and 17, according to photographs taken by by residents near the border."
Chinese netizens have been posting photographs of the large movement of the People's Liberation Army, many of them showing Chinese troops in full combat gear heading to the local train station in Chongzuo, along with military vehicles. One netizen said the Chinese military was taking the train from the Chongzuo station to Pingxiang City, which shares a 60-mile border with Vietnam. The netizen said that the Huu Nghi Border Gate to Vietnam is also now closed. One of the photos, taken from inside a passenger train, shows the Chinese military preparing artillery for transport on a train track. Others show Chinese troops and military vehicles traveling along dirt roads. Another photograph shows troops walking under the red-colored entrance to the Longzhou International Building Materials Market, on Provincial Road in the city of Chongzuo. A reverse image search of each of the photographs using Google indicated that the photographs had appeared on the Internet only recently. Most were indexed by Google on Saturday. Collectively, the images and eyewitness reports from the ground show what Taiwanese media are calling an “endless stream” of Chinese troops.
Why is China doing this? Simple: "One netizen, with the username Zhiyuan0703, echoed a common sentiment on the Chinese social media site, “Conflict between China and Vietnam is imminent.”
And just in case the US gets any ideas to support its one time foe, China has already taken measures:
Fang Fenghui, the Chinese military's chief of the general staff, spoke with reporters at the Pentagon on May 15, alongside U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey. Fang defended China's oil drilling in disputed waters with Vietnam. He also warned the United States on taking sides, saying through a Chinese translator “there is possibility that these issues could affect or disturb the relationship between the two countries and two militaries.” White House press secretary Jay Carney reiterated the U.S. stance on China's oil rig, however, during a May 15 press briefing. He said China's oil rig, which the Chinese regime has accompanied with “numerous government vessels” is a “provocative act and it raises tensions in the region, and by raising tensions makes it more difficult to resolve claims over disputed territory in a manner that supports peace and stability in the region.” Carney said the United States takes no position on the territorial claims, but, “We do take a position on the conduct of the claimants who must resolve their disputes peacefully, without intimidation, without coercion, and in accordance with international law.” Regarding China's oil rig and the tensions that have formed around it, Carney said, “We consider that act provocative and we consider it one that undermines the goal that we share, which is a peaceful resolution of these disputes and general stability in the region.”
But fear not: the futures are actively monitoring this, and all other global geopolitical conflicts, and are absolutely confident the Fed will fix it should war break out. As usual, we wish algos the best of luck, because as ET summarizes, "China is currently involved in territorial conflicts with nearly all its neighbors." Once again - what can possibly go wrong? Judging by the photos below, nothing at all.
A Bradley Attack Vehicle troop transport of the Chinese military, is seen in Kunming, Yunnan, in Southwest China. Chinese netizens have posted several photos showing the Chinese military moving toward the Vietnamese border. (Weibo.com)
A Chinese tank is seen near the border with Vietnam, as tensions grow more tense between the two countries. (Weibo.com)
Chinese troops carrying anti-tank weapons are seen marching in Guangxi Province, near the border with Vietnam. Local netizens report a strong smell of gunpowder. (Weibo.com)
A convoy of Chinese military vehicles are seen in Fangchenggang City in Guangxi, near the Vietnam border. (Weibo.com)
Chinese troops march in Chongzuo City in Guangxi Province near the Vietnam border. Chinese netizens say the troops are moving along the border. (Weibo.com)
Chinese troops are seen marching in a city street in Chongzuo in China's Guangxi Province near the Vietnam border. (Weibo.com)
Chinese artillery is being transported in Chongzuo City, Guangxi Province. (Weibo.com)
Brussels has ordered Britain to do more to get stay-at-home mothers back to work - despite the number hitting a record low.
In the last two decades, the number of women who choosing not work to look in order to raise their family at home has dropped by a third to just over two million.
However, British women are still twice as likely as those in the rest of Europe to be stay-at-home mothers according to the European Union – which has demanded more government action to tackle the 'social challenge'.
In 2013, the percentage of women who did not work or worked part-time 'due to personal and family responsibilities' was 12.5 per cent, almost twice as high as the EU average of 6.3 per cent
In 2013, the percentage of women who did not work or worked part-time 'due to personal and family responsibilities' was 12.5 per cent, almost twice as high as the EU average of 6.3 per cent
A report compiled by the European Council calls on the government to do more to get stay-at-home mothers into work by providing additional free childcare.
But campaigners and MPs have hit out at the report and said that a Brussels institution had 'no right' to 'lecture' mothers in the UK.
The report, which is part of an annual assessment of every European economy, was presented to Chancellor George Osborne at a meeting of finance ministers on Friday.
It criticised the fact that women were far more likely to be in part-time work than men and added: 'Despite the positive trends in relation to labour market outcomes, social challenges persist.'
Laura Perrins of the campaign group Mothers At Home Matter, said: 'How British families organise their care is up to them.
'They shouldn't be lectured to by the British government, or bean-counters in Europe. This is just another bullying tactic to get mothers to leave their young children.'
New official figures show that there are only 2.024million women out of work to look after a home or family, a 31 per cent fall on 2.913million in spring 1993
he number of stay at home fathers and househusbands as more than doubled from 111,000 in 1993 to 235,000 in February to April this year
Peter Bone, Conservative MP for Wellingborough, added: 'They have no right whatsoever to tell women and families to go to work. It is not within spitting distance of what they should be doing.'
In 2013, 42.6 per cent of British women were in part-time work compared with 13.2 per cent of men, one of the highest differences in the EU.
The percentage of women who did not work or worked part-time 'due to personal and family responsibilities' was 12.5 per cent, almost twice as high as the EU average of 6.3 per cent.
New official figures show that there are only 2.024million women out of work to look after a home or family, a 31 per cent fall on 2.913million in spring 1993
However, the number of stay at home mothers and grandmothers has fallen steadily since records began in 1993.
The number of stay at home fathers and househusbands as more than doubled from 111,000 in 1993 to 235,000 in February to April this year
Official figures released last week showed there are now only 2.024million women out of work to look after a home or family, a 31 per cent fall on 2.913million in spring 1993.
The figure has fallen by 13,000 in the last year alone - meaning 250 women are giving up life at home every week.
In stark contrast, the number of stay at home fathers and househusbands as more than doubled from 111,000 in 1993 to 235,000 in February to April this year, according to the Office for National Statistics.
The sharp turnaround comes after 20 years of social and economic change, with parents increasingly sharing the burden of raising a family and many women reluctant to give up their career once they have children.
Story highlights LZ Granderson thought the TSA ban on carrying snow globes was a joke
He's had his nose hair trimmer and toothpaste taken, dreadlocks checked
Granderson says airport security rules inconsistent and often absurd
Still, he says, anything's possible considering the would-be "underwear bomber"
The sign at the airport was so ridiculous, I thought it was a joke.
"Please be advised, snow globes are not allowed through the security checkpoint," it read.
That was followed by an image of a snow globe with a Christmas tree on the inside and one of those big red "not allowed" lines going through the middle. Underneath the picture read: "Your safety is our priority."
Apparently, this ban has been around for a while, but I guess I was too busy taking my shoes and belt off to notice.
Over the years, Transportation Security Administration officials have taken away my deodorant, my toothpaste, even my nose hair trimmer in the name of safety. Now it seems as if they are going after Christmas -- one snow globe at a time.
LZ Granderson
To be fair, I can see some reason for their caution.
After all, the liquid in a normal snow globe could be replaced with something dangerous. And at a time in which an al Qaeda operative is on trial for trying to blow up a plane by igniting explosives sewn inside his underwear, there doesn't appear to be a limit as to how far our enemies will go to harm us.
But on the other, we're so wildly inconsistent with airport safety protocol, how could someone look at a "No Snow Globe" sign and not laugh?
A couple of weeks ago, I had an agent ask to frisk my dreadlocks because the scanner read it as an "anomaly." I argued, and the eventual compromise was having me whip my hair around like a Vegas showgirl until the guy with the rubber gloves was convinced I wasn't carrying a bomb in my hair.
JUST WATCHED TSA apologizes to cancer survivor Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH TSA apologizes to cancer survivor 01:05
JUST WATCHED Afro searched for explosives Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Afro searched for explosives 01:16
JUST WATCHED TSA to change pat-down rules for kids Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH TSA to change pat-down rules for kids 01:08
Then he groped me ... just in case I had any dignity left.
My encounter was similar to the one experienced by a Dallas woman who last month had her Afro frisked by airport security in Atlanta. Billions of taxpayer dollars invested to make us safe, and the TSA is on the lookout for big hair.
If this were the '80s, everybody would miss their flight.
Meanwhile, I see pilots and flight attendants walking through the metal detector, untouched, with their shoes on. Why bother making them walk through metal detectors at all if they're not going to be fondled or checked for shoe bombs like the rest of us?
And if you can answer that, maybe you can explain why we are given plastic knives and forks to eat with in airport restaurants, but metal knives and forks are handed to us in first class?
Are terrorists only flying coach?
Are policymakers incapable of connecting the dots?
Or are these mindless exercises in place to mask the reality that we are not only incapable of completely safeguarding ourselves against another terrorist attack but that our government is too dysfunctional to even approve what can be done?
Did you know that one of the factors that led to more deaths on the morning of September 11 is that New York police and fire departments did not have a way to communicate with each other? Ten years later, there still isn't a nationwide first responder network in place because of the bureaucracy in Washington.
Face it: The question isn't whether we'll be attacked again but when and how. Afro-frisking and snow globe-grabbing are just placebos given to an incurable patient.
But they do make us laugh.
And laughter's a pretty good medicine in its own right.
Like the glass case in the Atlanta airport that displays items you can't bring aboard, one of them a chainsaw, in case you were packing a chainsaw as your carry-on.
And I can't tell you how many times I've glanced over at the emergency exit row and thought: If we're forced to have a water landing, we're all as good as dead.
That's because I've seen skinny models who need help getting their carry-on into the overhead compartment manning the exit nearest to me. I've seen the barely mobile elderly sitting in the exit row.
Last week, the nation openly asked whether New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was too fat to be president.
I'm OK with him being president.
I wonder if people his size are normally fit enough to be sitting in the freaking exit row.
Given the physical requirements and inherent importance of an exit row seat, I would feel more comfortable if I knew the person sitting there could at least do a pushup and not just be collecting a reward for being a repeat customer.
These are the kind of systematic disconnects that just crack me up.
Flight attendants tell us to turn off all electronic devices under the guise they could interfere with the plane's navigation system, meaning that if the terrorists really wanted to cause some damage, all they had to do was read their Kindle during takeoff.
But hey, at least we're getting a handle on snow globes.
After I got done staring at the sign, I took a picture of it and posted it on my Facebook wall so my friends could also enjoy the laugh. And as the cynical comments came pouring in, I smiled, temporarily forgetting that I live in a world where shoes are a threat, afros can be dangerous, and someone tried to blow up a plane with their underwear.
RIO DE JANEIRO — A dam from an open-pit mining complex burst on Thursday in southeastern Brazil, flooding a nearby community and enveloping homes and cars in sludge. Rescue teams descending from helicopters scoured the site for survivors.
The authorities said Thursday night that they were trying to determine the number of casualties, with Brazilian news organizations reporting that at least one person had died. Union officials representing workers at the mine said they feared that as many as 15 people might have died after the dam burst.
The episode in a district of Mariana, a city of 58,000 residents in Minas Gerais State, stunned a country that relies heavily on dams to produce electricity and on mining to generate export revenue. The dam operated by Samarco, a venture between BHP Billiton, the Australian commodities giant, and Vale, the Brazilian mining company, held residue from an open-pit iron ore mining operation.
“We need rigor in determining what happened,” Carlos Eduardo Ferreira Pinto, a prosecutor in Minas Gerais, told reporters on Thursday. “No dam bursts by chance.”
What do mercury level in dolphins say about mercury levels in humans? Quite a bit, according to a new study by scientists at FAU Harbor Branch, which sheds light on the potential dangers of consuming locally caught seafood.
This is the first time that researchers have closed the loop between marine mammal and human health, by taking findings from their research and applying them to explore the potential risks facing humans living in the same region.
The study centers around dolphins living in the Indian River Lagoon (IRL), Florida and humans who live along the estuary and consume much of the same seafood as the dolphins. Initial studies of IRL dolphins showed high levels of mercury, which led scientists to conduct a follow-up study of humans who live in the same geographic area. The most toxic form of mercury known as methylmercury builds up in fish, shellfish, and animals that eat fish, and are the main sources of mercury exposure in humans.
The findings from this study, published in the current issue of the journal Veterinary Sciences, showed that the cross-section of people tested also had high levels of mercury and that much of that mercury was due to consumption of locally obtained fish and shellfish. More than half of the participants in the study had a concentration of mercury in their hair, which was greater than the guideline for exposure defined by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
"This research exemplifies the role of dolphins as an animal sentinel in identifying a public health hazard," said Adam Schaefer MPH, FAU Harbor Branch epidemiologist. "It is a unique and critical example of closing the loop between animal and human health."
Mercury is an important global health problem, most of which is due to consumption of fish and shellfish that become contaminated through the food web. The major human health risk results from high exposure during pregnancy, since the developing nervous system of a fetus is highly vulnerable to environmental insults such as maternal exposure to mercury. Long-term effects have been shown in poorer performance on standardized tests of learning, memory, visual-motor skills and cognitive development in multiple studies around the world.
"Fish consumption is recommended for a healthy diet and has many benefits including a reduction in the risk of developing cardiovascular disease," said John Reif, D.V.M., Colorado State University research professor and collaborator on the study. "Pregnant women can balance the risks and benefits of seafood consumption by continuing to eat fish, but avoiding fish caught in the Indian River Lagoon where the levels of mercury are higher."
New mode of cellular communication discovered in the brain
Glial cells send 'care packages' including protective proteins and genetic information to nerve cells
16.07.2013
Researchers at Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz (JGU) have discovered a new form of communication between different cell types in the brain. Nerve cells interact with neighboring glial cells, which results in a transfer of protein and genetic information. Nerve cells are thus protected against stressful growth conditions. The study undertaken by the Mainz-based cell biologists shows how reciprocal communication between the different cell types contributes to neuronal integrity. Their results have been recently published in the journal PLOS Biology.
Brain function is determined by the communication between electrically excitable neurons and the surrounding glial cells, which perform many tasks in the brain. Oligodendrocytes are a type of glial cell and these form an insulating myelin sheath around the axons of neurons. In addition to providing this protective insulation, oligodendrocytes also help sustain neurons in other ways that are not yet fully understood. If this support becomes unavailable, axons can die off. This is what happens in many forms of myelin disorders, such as multiple sclerosis, and it results in a permanent loss of neuron impulse transmission.
Like other types of cell, oligodendrocytes also secrete small vesicles. In addition to lipids and proteins, these membrane-enclosed transport packages also contain ribonucleic acids, in other words, genetic information. In their study, Carsten Frühbeis, Dominik Fröhlich, and Wen Ping Kuo of the Institute of Molecular Cell Biology at Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz found that oligodendrocytes release nano-vesicles known as 'exosomes' in response to neuronal signals. These exosomes are taken up by the neurons and their cargo can then be used for neuronal metabolism. "This works on a kind of ‘delivery on call' principle," explained Dr. Eva-Maria Krämer-Albers, who is leading the current study. "We believe that what are being delivered are 'care packages' that are sent by the oligodendrocytes to neurons."
While studying cell cultures, the research group discovered that the release of exosomes is triggered by the neurotransmitter glutamate. By means of labeling them with reporter enzymes, the researchers were able to elegantly demonstrate that the small vesicles are absorbed into the interior of the neurons. "The entire package of substances, including the genetic information, is apparently utilized by the neurons," said Krämer-Albers. If neurons are subjected to stress, cells that have been aided with 'care packages' subsequently recover. "This maintenance contributes to the protection of the neurons and probably also leads to de novo synthesis of proteins," stated Carsten Frühbeis and Dominik Fröhlich. Among the substances that are present in the exosomes and are channeled to the neurons are, for instance, protective proteins such as heat shock proteins, glycolytic enzymes, and enzymes which counter oxidative stress.
The study has demonstrated that exosomes from oligodendrocytes participate in a previously unknown form of bidirectional cell communication that could play a significant role in the long-term preservation of nerve fibers. "An interaction like this, in which an entire package of substances including genetic information is exchanged between cells of the nervous system, has not previously been observed", stated Krämer-Albers, summarizing the results. "Exosomes are thus similar to viruses in certain respects, with the major difference that they do not inflict damage on the target cells but are instead beneficial." In the future, the researchers hope to develop exosomes as possible 'cure' packages that could be used in the treatment of nerve disorders.
The 34th Mexico City marathon took place on Sunday and some 35,000 runners braved the blistering temperatures.
Kenya's Emanuel Mnongat finished first among the men.
He crossed the line level with countryman Isaac Kmaiyo in a race that was eventually decided by a photo finish.
They stopped the clock at 2 hours, 19 minutes and 32 seconds.
Rodgers Ondati made it a Kenyan clean sweep of the podium coming home third.
Meanwhile Lithuania's Diana Lobacevske won the women's race.
The 36-year-old who finished 17th at the Rio Games completed the course in 2 hours, 40 minutes and 32 seconds.
Ethiopia's Shewarge Amare – a three time winner and reigning champion, crossed over in second place while Peru's Karina Villazana claimed third almost four minutes off the winner's pace.
All the Ghost Recon: Wildlands problems Ubisoft is currently tracking.
With Ghost Recon: Wildlands now out in the wild, reports have been cropping up about performance issues such as freezing and stuttering, in-game glitches, stuck downloads, and more. Some of these carried over from the beta, while others are new.
In an effort to catalogue all reported problems thus far, Ubisoft created a list of known issues the developers are currently looking into. The included items cover the main game, the Ghost Recon HQ app, and the Ghost Recon Network site.
General issues
Gameplay – AI Vehicle Pathfinding Some users have reported issues on some specific locations in relation to the AI pathfinding, causing some vehicle collision. We are currently investigating this situation.
Gameplay – Melee-killed enemies are tagged as “surrendering enemies killed” When trying to kill an enemy with close-quarters-combat (melee), the “surrendering enemy killed” notification may appear. Since surrendering enemies are considered as civilians, killing too many of them may result a mission fail. We are sorry for the inconvenience and have already fixed this issue for the next patch.
Mission – Boss will not re-initialise after mission replay After a mission fail, mission boss might not re-initialize when trying to replay the mission. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
Mission – La Plaga will not try to run away when detecting player When reaching La Plaga, this one will not try to run away by using the nearby bike when detecting the players. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch
Mission – Missing helicopter for Medication air transport activity on Tabacal It can be noticed that when playing in the Tabacal region, the side activity “Medication Air Transport” might not be available due to the fact that the helicopter is not spawning. We are sorry for the inconvenience and are currently investigating this issue.
Tacmap – Bosses might appear in red when un-zooming the map When un-zooming the minimap to reach the Cartel view and going back to the tacmap, some bosses might appear in red despite not being killed by the player yet. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
Co-op – Replication break when VIP interact with vehicles When playing in Coop, it can be noticed that replication might be affected when a VIP interact with a vehicle. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch
Co-op – Cutscenes unavailable for other players when replaying missions When playing Coop, it may be noticed that only the player that is restarting a mission is able to see the custscenes. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
Co-op – Unable to damage vehicles from other players In co-op, when a player enter and leave a vehicle, it can be noticed that other players are unable to deal damage to this vehicle. The team is currently investigating this issue.
Uplay – Download Issues Some players are reporting that their download on Uplay is getting stuck at 27GB. Our team is aware of this issue and currently investigating.
Pre-order – Invalid code Some players are reporting they've been unable to redeem their codes on the Redeem site “code invalid”. Please have a look at the FAQ for more details
PC – Outdated version Some players are reporting getting an outdated error message when booting the game. We suggest you to remove all previous versions of the game and verify game files. You can also try deleting some other files, such as: events.xml, Uyuni.grw, VersionDescription.ini and NvGsa.x64.dll.
Glitches and bugs
Glitch/Bug – 3D model glitch when changing save slot After the deletion of an existing game save or changing slot, it can be notice that the 3D model of the Ghost in not centred in the Charactersmith. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
Glitch/Bug – Level of Details (LOD) issues from far distances When piloting a helicopter or a plane at high altitude, it can be noticed that some visual elements are not showing properly. The team is currently investigating this situation.
Shop – Missing DLC/Season pass in-game store It can be noticed when reaching the in-game store menu that the Season Pass / DLC category is empty. As a workaround, you can get this content directly from your console or Uplay/Steam store.
Shop – Empty chest after weapon purchase When buying a weapon in the store that is available in the game world, it may happen that the chest that is supposed to contain this weapon is empty when trying to interact with it. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
PS4 – “The Champion” trophy In certain conditions, the “The Champion” trophy might not be triggered at the associated level cap. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
Ubisoft Club – “Welcome Back” pop-up If you participated in the Beta phases of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands, a pop-up should be prompted at 2nd launch to remind you of the Ubisoft Rewards you are eligible for. However, this pop-up might not appear. This does not affect your eligibility for this content. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
PC – Crash when opening map A few players are reporting that when opening the map in-game, the game crashes to desktop. Our team is aware of the issue and is investigating. We recommend you to verify your game files or reinstall the game.
PC – Unable to launch the game on non-OS hard drive On some configurations, the game won't start when installed on a non-OS hard drive. We are currently investigating this issue. As a work-around, we recommend you to go the Ghost Recon Wildlands installation folder and run rungame.exe with administrator rights once.
Gameplay – Intel HUD missing Some players who are playing with the HUD disabled are getting stuck when collecting Intel as there is no prompt to choose which Intel to collect. We recommend you to enable the ‘Notifications' and ‘Input reminders' options in the settings for the time being.
Performance issues
Xbox One – FPS drop when pressing Xbox button It can be noticed that when pressing the Xbox button on the gamepad and resuming gameplay, the game may suffer from a FPS drop for a few seconds. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
PC – Few seconds freeze when opening TacMap It can be noticed when opening the TacMap that the game may freeze for a few seconds (3s). This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
PC – Multi-GPU Support layers using a SLI/Crossfire setup may experience severe stuttering and flickering during gameplay. We are currently working with our partners to solve those issues as quickly as possible. In the meantime, we recommend you to disable your second GPU when playing Ghost Recon Wildlands. We are sorry for the inconvenience.
PC – Autosave low FPS Some players have been reporting low FPS during autosaving. The team is currently investigating this situation.
PC – Unable to launch the game on non-OS hard drive On some configurations, the game won't start when installed on a non-OS hard drive. We are currently investigating this issue. As a work-around, we recommend you go the Ghost Recon Wildlands installation folder and run rungame.exe with administrator rights once.
Performance – FPS drop in heavily populated areas When crossing heavily populated areas, such as cities, the game may suffer from a temporary FPS drop. The development team is currently investigating this situation.
PS4 – Performance drop after 100KM When reaching a total driving distance of 100KM, the associated trophy on PS4 might be triggered in loop, impacting performance of the gameplay. This issue has already been fixed for the next patch.
Controls – Fake controller Some players have been reporting that despite not having any controller plugged into their system, the game is using a gamepad as default controller. This issue can be related to the previous installation of a virtual joystick or previously connected devices – including, for instance, VJoy software. Please verify on your Device Manager > Human Interface Devices that only connected devices are activated.
Ghost Recon HQ app
Crash – Launch crash on iPod 5th Gen & iPhone 4S We identified crashes at launch on iPod 5th Gen & iPhone 4. We are currently investigating this issue and are not recommending using those devices with the Ghost Recon Wildlands HQ App for the time being.
Crash – Android only- Crash on Satellite view mode When using the Satellite view during an extensive game session, the app may crash. A restart of the app will solve the issue. We are currently investigating.
Crash – App crash when entering website On some specific devices, the app may crash when entering the web-site feature.
Display – Landscape view lock on iPhone 7+ It can be noticed that the app is only available on Landscape view on iPhone 7+. We are currently investigating this situation.
Freeze – Freeze after multiple logins/logouts When trying to login & logout repetitively in a row, the Ubisoft Club icon may remain stuck and freezing the app. A simple reboot will solve the issue.
Android – Back button unavailable on website view On Android devices, the back button might not be functional while using the web site view.
Android – Return to main menu when locking device on website view When locking the device on Android while using the website view, the app may be automatically redirected to the main menu.
Bug/Glitch – Application unable to sync Some players are unable to sync their app with their game. Please try to use the following workaround:
Go to START >Type in “Windows Firewall with Advanced Security” (Without quotes) -Click > Inbound Rules -Click > New Rule (Right column) -Click > Program > Next -Browse > Ghost Recon WIldlands EXE (GRW.exe) Wherever it is installed for you > Next -Allow the connection > Next -Keep all three checked > Next -Name it what you like > Description > Finish -Do this for Outbound Rule as well so they can communicate.
Ghost Recon Network
Stats – Inconsistency in enemy killed statistics It can be noticed in the Ghost Recon Network that the Total Enemy Killed counter is not accurate. We are currently investigating this issue
Stats – Missing icon for several weapons It can be noticed that some weapon icons are missing in the Weapon Leaderboard of the Ghost Recon Network.
Stats – Confusing “favourite vehicle” stat On the Ghost Recon Network advanced stats page, the favourite vehicle counter is using “m” unit instead of the “min” one. These stat are indeed based on the time spent on the vehicle and not the covered distance.
Notifications – Missing notifications While using the Ghost Recon Network, it may happen that notifications are not displayed in real time and would require a refresh of the page.
Taskforce – TaskForce emblem not updating It can be noticed that some Task Forces emblems selected in the game may not update on the Ghost Recon Network website.
Achievements – Confusing “Recruitment Command” unlock conditions To unlock condition description of the “Recruitment Command” achievement might lead to confusion. The player has to accept more than 4 “Join Task Force Requests” in order to unlock this achievement.
PS4 – Browser feature not loading Some PS4 users are reporting a “Cannot use this feature” error message when trying to use the PS4 browser. We're investigating the issue.
Website – GRN / Unknown User Message Some players trying to access the GRN Website got the Unknown User message on the top right corner of the page instead of their real usernames. This issue should now be fixed.
Ubisoft has not yet revealed any details about the game's next patch. We did get two day one patches already, though.
Ghost Recon: Wildlands is available now on PC, PS4, and Xbox One.
(SOURCE: THE 53 TUMBLR )
The overriding message is that the protesters have failed to take personal responsibility, blaming their economic troubles on others. “Suck it up you whiners. I am the 53 percent subsidizing you so you can hang out on Wall Street and complain,” writes Erickson, in the Tumblr's inaugural post. “I don't blame Wall Street because it doesn't matter what Wall Street or anyone else does. I am responsible for my own destiny. I will succeed or fail because of me and me ALONE,” writes another contributor, who describes himself as a Marine Corps veteran. Another irate contributor writes: “I take risks so my kids can have a better life. Not so you can sit on your [expletive] at my expense.”
Trevino explains the message he believes the “53 percent” could bring across. “Even if you've had a difficult time, that this is America, and there is still value in hard work, and individual self-reliance...times are hard, we are in the worst economic crisis since Great Depression, but nonetheless, the same American values are really the way out of it,” Trevino says. He adds: “On a more visceral level, there's always the reaction against the hippies.”
But there is some tension between the site's critique and conservative tax policy. Part of the reason that over 40 percent of Americans don't pay taxes is because of the continual push to lower them — a cause that conservatives have championed. For example, while the Bush-era tax cuts benefited the wealthy, they also lowered taxes at every income level, making it “relatively easy for families of four making $50,000 to eliminate their income tax liability,” as the Associated Press notes. Ronald Reagan's tax cuts, similarly, took many lower-income Americans off of the tax rolls, an accomplishment about which the Gipper was quite proud.
Altogether, about 23 percent of Americans don't pay federal income taxes because their incomes are too low, according to a July 2011 paper by the non-partisan Tax Policy Center. The other 23 percent of Americans don't pay federal income taxes mostly because of tax breaks given to the elderly, low-income working families, government welfare recipients, and students, the Tax Policy Center's Roberton Williams explains. “Many of those who don't pay income tax do pay other taxes — federal payroll and excise taxes as well as state and local income, sales, and property taxes.”
What's more the “53 percent” Tumblr also implies that there's a certain mantle of responsibility that paying taxes confers upon people — i.e. grown-up, self-directed Americans like us can earn enough money to pay taxes, so you should, too. That's an unusual message coming from conservatives who've pushed so mightily for an anti-tax agenda.
Trevino responds that most conservatives would agree that “paying taxes is the responsible thing to do,” saying that the question of whether taxes are too high is another issue altogether.
New World Order or Occult Secret Destiny?
- by Terry Melanson ©, 2001 (Last update: May 2nd, 2005)
The New Age Movement and Service to The Plan
The New World Order as envisioned by the Elite is hardly a recent undertaking. Theirs is a philosophy rooted in ancient occult traditions. Success is near, and the infiltration of society by New Age occultism is the reason for this success. The New World Order has never been solely about world government, rather, from the beginning its proponents have been privy to secret doctrines and it is a spiritual plan more than anything.
If one failed to take into account the occult nature of the New World Order, they would be remiss. The UN and the New Age have been bed-fellows since the beginning. America's secret destiny is the product of Rosicrucian and Freemason forefathers. The New Atlantis as proposed in Francis Bacon's work is almost at hand. The Ancient Mysteries are being studied for illumination and enlightenment by the New World Order's elite. Not to mention the New Age gurus — dutifully recruiting on behalf of the Secret Brotherhood.
In 1980, Marylin Ferguson compiled and espoused a synthesis involving the theories of transformation and the secret plan of the Aquarian Age. In her studies of the scientific advancements of this age involving entropy and syntropy, holism, holographs, paradigm shifts, the uncertainty principle and evolution, she discovered that, "for the first time an American renaissance is taking place in all disciplines, breaking the boundaries between them, transforming them at their farthest reaches—where they all converge." (The Aquarian Conspiracy, p.12)
Speaking of the networks and web of influence, Ferguson proclaimed: "There are legions of conspirators... in corporations, universities, hospitals, on the faculties of public schools, in factories, in doctors' offices, in state and federal agencies, on city councils and the White House staff, in state organizations, in virtually all arenas of policy making in the country [U.S.]...[including] at the cabinet level of the United States Government." (ibid. p.24) However, other New Age proponents said that this is innacurate, in that she had understated the influence of the New Age worldwide, especially in the UN and the EEC.
It is no coincidence that America has become the center of New Age and New World Order conspiracies. The Theosophical and Rosicrucian traditions hold that every nation has a spiritual destiny guided by a hierarchy of beings using all ethical (or un-ethical) means of manifesting the "divine plan" through the will of the nation's leaders.
A proponent of the New Age and the Secret Brotherhood's plan for a New World Order is Robert Hieronimus. In his book America's Secret Destiny, he traced the spiritual vision of America's founding fathers and the plan's eventual fruition in what we call the New World Order and the New Age Movement (both of which are synonymous). He stresses that the founding fathers of America had the equivalent of "Masters" and were pupils in a sense, much like today's powerful Elite have Masters and Gurus, following the teachings of the Great Plan.
According to the Rosicrucians and Theosophists, supporting the divine plan are great beings refered to as masters of the physical and spiritual planes. The evolution of America owes much to the seed thoughts of four masters—Kuthumi, El Morya, Rogoczy, and Djwhal Khul. Some of the founders of America may have been consciously or unconsciously students of these teachers, just as some contemporary Americans are pupils of these masters. In fact, the motto of the heirarchy of world teachers is identical with America's destiny—the brotherhood of man and the Fatherhood of God. (p. 95)
Another writer, from the opposite camp, confirms the assertions of Hieronimus. Willy Peterson writes:
In order to reach their aims of world unity and thus engage the whole world in service to the Plan, "enlightened" Freemasons and New Agers have been pushing for collectivist motifs that promote monistic pantheism and unity. This is why the chief instigators to the globalist League of Nations and the United Nations have been Theosophists, trying to work out the plan. This is why the verbiage and aims at the U.N. is for world peace and brotherhood. It is a spiritual undertaking in a secular world. Lucis Trust has had three think-tanks located at the U.N. Plaza in New York for around fifty years. No wonder the former Assistant Secretary General to the U.N., Robert Muller, is a devoted disciple of Alice Bailey, whose book, A Treatise on White Magic, forms the basis for the Robert Muller schools. (The Leavening)
These people are called the torchbearers or lightbearers of the New World Order. A spiritual plan that has been traced to the time of Nimrod and the Tower of Babel, up through to the Illuminati and onwards. "A loosely-knit world conspiracy," David Allen Lewis writes, "a so-called Network of Illuminists." "Whether the Illuminati have one special organization that is its orginal descendant... we can be very sure that its philosophical torchbearers are represented by literally hundreds of organizations and individuals in many diverse realms." (Dark Angels of Light)
A Blueprint For Destiny
Robert Heironomus says that "America's Great Seal may be seen as a blueprint for the elevation of consciousness. It says, in part, that we must transform ourselves before we can change the world, and that it is during the process of self-transformation that we can catch a glimpse of what part we are to play in national and global transformation."
The mandala of the New World Order and Illuminati control. "Annuit Coeptis—He has Blessed our Beginning", "Novus Ordo Seclorum—New Order of the Ages". The All-Seeing Eye of Horus, the resurrected Egyptian Sun God, biblically refered to as Lucifer, the angel of light.
In occult doctrine it is thought that "from the union of spirit and matter (the pyramid is made of stone, rock, and earth—and represents the unconscious. The capstone is made of an immaterial substance—light or spirit—and is conscious), a new being—a transformed being—is created. The seal's reverse depicts a separation state in the separation of the eye the triangle."
"The pyramid exemplifies the initiation stage,... it is the house of initiation, in which the candidate confronts the world of darkness and enters the world of spirit. By passing the tests of the elements, the candidate is initiated into the realm of higher consciousness." (Hieronimus ibid., p.92) After succesfully completing the initiation process, the candidate is reborn, and joins the single eye in the pyramid.
The New World Order, or rather the philosophy its deliverers hold to be true, is one and the same as the New Age ideal of man's divinity and self-transformation. In order to partake in this gnostic fufillment of "The Great Plan" one must awaken to the original sin of Lucifer, as proposed to Eve in the Garden of Eden, that "we can be as Gods." (Gen. 3:5) So it is not suprising to find that Christians, specifically, are cited as the main obstacle hindering the success of this New Age-New World Order.
The reason for this, is the New Age belief in many "saviors" and "enlightened teachers", masters and gurus—it's all good and fine when the goal is the false teaching of man's divinity. The New Agers see many ways to salvation; Christians proclaim that there is only one Way - Jesus Christ. "For the gate is small, and narrow that leads to life, and few are those who find it." (Matt. 7:14) The Bible states that this is in reality the "broad way that leads to destruction, and many are those who enter it." (Matt. 7:13) Therefore, the only religion not compatible with The New Age, and hence the coming New World Order, is the belief and strict adherence in the Word God  with traditional Christianity being looked upon as particularly pernicious.
In Dark Secrets of the New Age, Texe Marrs wrote:
The New Age is a universal open-arms religion that excludes from its ranks only those who believe in Jesus Christ and a Personal God. Buddhists, Shintoist, Satanists, Secular Humanists, witches, witch doctors and shamans — All who reject Christianity are invited to become trusted members of the New Age family. Worshippers of separate faiths and denominations are to be unified in a common purpose: THE GLORIFICATION OF MAN.
The Guardians of the Mysteries
Freemasonry, by its own accord, practices the ancient mysteries of Egypt, and has as a primary goal, the re-instatement of this mystery religion for the coming World Order.
“The magical mystery religion of Ancient Egypt exercised a great fascination over Renaissance man, which was incorporated into—the newly formed—Lodges at that time. The mysterious heiroglyphs were considered to be symbols of hidden knowledge. Symbols and gestures became a means of conveying secrets and "truths". The cosmos was seen as an organic unity. It was peopled by a hierarchy of spirits which exercised all kinds of influences and sympathies. The practice of magic became a holy quest.” - Michael Rogge, New Age Spirituality: The roots of the New Age Movement Part I
Back in 1927, Freemason W.L. Wilmhurst saw the dawning of the Aquarian Age as the fufillment of the "Plan". In The Meaning of Masonry, p.4, he writes:
In this new Aquarian age, when many individuals and groups are working in various ways for the eventual restoration of the mysteries, an increasing number of aspirants are beginning to recognize that Freemasonry may well be the vehicle for this achievement
He would be well proud, I'm sure, of today's mainstream acceptance of those very same occult mysteries. Another passage on page 46-47, proves the teaching of Freemasonry is the same as New Age beliefs:
He begins his Masonic career as the natural man; he ends it by becoming through its discipline, a regenerated man... This is the evolution of man into superman—was always the purpose of the ancient Mysteries, and the real purpose of modern Masonry is, not the social and charitable purposes to which so much attention is paid, but the expediting of the spiritual evolution of those who aspire to perfect their own nature and transform it into a more god-like quality.
Freemasonry, through its mysteries, will soon usher in a New World Religion for the New World Order. A modern day Tower of Babel and the ultimate unification of the world's religions. The New Age welcomes these goals and looks to the "light" of Masonry as its esoteric basis for occult initiation into the New World Order. Benjamin Creme writes:
“The New Religion will manifest, for instance,through organizations like Masonry. In Freemasonry is embedded the core or the secret heart of the occult mysteries, wrapped up on number, metaphor and symbol ...” The Reappearance of the Christ and the Masters of Wisdom , p.87
Freemason and co-founder of Lucifer Publishing Company (now called Lucis Trust), Foster Bailey, concurs, "Is it not possible from a contemplation of this side of Masonic teaching that it may provide all that is necessary for the formulation of a universal religion?"(The Spirit of Masonry, p.113) Foster Bailey states that Masonry "is the descendant of, or is founded upon, a divinely imparted religion..." This religion he explains, "...was the first United World Religion. Then came the era of separation of many religions and sectarianism. Today we are working again towards a World Universal Religion." (ibid p.31)
To biblical students these are shocking admissions and it adds fuel to the charge of a Masonic Antichrist in our midst. "It is these Mysteries which Christ will restore upon His reapearance," Alice Bailey reveals, "thus reviving the churches in a new form, and restoring the hidden Mystery." (The Reappearance of the Christ, p. 122) Bailey is giving these "revelations" by her channeled Master Djwhal Khul — a disembodied "Ascended Master". Her "Christ" is indeed the Antichrist in the strictest sense of the word. Antichrist means substitute for or in place of Christ. She goes on to say that "These ancient Mysteries were originally given to humanity by the Hierarchy [of which Djwhal Khul is a part of] and contain the entire clue to the evolutionary process, hidden in numbers, in ritual, in words and in symbology; these veil the secret of man's origin and destiny, picturing to him in rite and ritual, the long, long path which he must tread, back into the light." (ibid, p.121-22)
So what do we have here?
The New Age tells its disciples that they are working for the Hierarchy.
The teachings of the New Age are giving by the Hierarchy.
The movement for the installement of the Antichrist is giving the go-ahead by the Hierarchy — Djwhal Khul's number one message for New Age disciples is "prepare men for the reappearance of the Christ. This is your first duty." (The Externalization of the Hierarchy, p.614)
(The Externalization of the Hierarchy, p.614) The Ancient Mysteries, being practiced by both Freemasonry and the New Age, were giving to humanity by the Hierarchy.
The real purpose of Masonry — taught to man, from the Hierarchy — is the expediting of the spiritual evolution, to transform their nature into a god-like superman.
The Serpent caused the Fall in the Garden of Eden by giving Eve this very same message.
“Man is a god in the making. And as the mystic myths of Egypt, on the potter's wheel, he is being molded. When his light shines out to lift and preserve all things, he receives the triple crown of godhood.” - Manly P. Hall, The Lost Keys of Freemasonry , p. 92
The Kindness of Strangers
A Travel Life Lesson
I'm far from the first to string those four words together. Legendary journalist Kate Adie looped them in a line to describe her autobiography; Vivien Leigh sighed them in A Streetcar Named Desire. Writing courses rail against them and editors hang their heads and demand something fresh.
I've even read articles that go one step further, tearing the words apart and flinging them across the pixels of an angry page, particularly when it comes to travel writing. The Kindness of Strangers? Puh-lease, they cry. Don't you morons realise that most people couldn't care less about helping you? Haven't you noticed that your friends and family assist you far more often? How can you bear to be so naive?
Well, I'm going to round up those four words and I'm not going to string them together. I'm going to find glittering silver thread to weave them into a sparkling, dancing parade.
The Kindness of Strangers in Tokyo
Like Kate Adie, I have now travelled a lot (unlike her, I've skipped most of the war zones, I don't have an OBE and no-one knows who I am. Which at least means there are more strangers around.)
I'm inclined to believe that something stirs within our souls when strangers show us kindness precisely because most people couldn't care less. Even when they're supposed to.
Earlier today I stood at the gates to the Koishikawa Korakuen Gardens. Surrounded by shiny Tokyo skyscrapers, these low wooden doors looked out of place. As, I'm sure, did I.
Crowds in suits hurried past, anxious not to slip on the fresh wet snow. Incense billowed across the walls, tumbling over the curved Japanese rooftops and mingling with my own visible breath before disappearing into nothing.
The gates were locked.
Have you ever felt lonely and lost?
With my mind tainted by the tiredness of a different time zone, I blinked for a little longer than normal before walking away. Darkness was chasing me and I had to find the entrance within minutes before the opportunity was lost.
Behind me, I heard shouting and I turned to see a Japanese woman in her sixties gesturing with an intensity that few market traders could match. This elaborate choreography directed me to the alternative entrance, the one off the maps, hidden from view, around the hexagonal block and then further along again.
My soul almost soared.
Now depending on what mood you're in, you may well be thinking: get a grip. Some woman gives you directions and you go all misty-eyed?
But this woman stands for more than that. Yes, she's the antidote to the US Airways staff who dropped a bag on my head and complained that I was in the way; to the car hire company who refused to speak to me and the **** who stole the lens from my luggage. And she's obviously a world away from the people who cause real damage in this world: the murderers, the rapists and the supporters of the BNP.
Yet she stands for even more than that. This is a woman who offered help, without being asked, to someone who was lost. Someone she had never met before and would never meet again. As far as I can see, there was absolutely nothing in it for her (I wasn't lost on the subway and blocking access to the platform, her brother didn't have a carpet shop with great bargains at just the other end of town and, given the demographics on both sides, it's pretty safe to say she wasn't after sexual favours.)
She was just showing kindness to a stranger.
That's what gives us aid organisations and public health, that's what gives us human rights and peace. That's what gives us freedom.
So, go ahead and laugh, all ye cynics of the phrase. Personally, I'd like to see it more often.
The kindness of strangers. There, said it.
How about you? Do you believe in the kindness of strangers?
I first wrote this piece on The Kindness of Strangers seven years ago while in Japan. The seven years that have followed have only strengthened my belief in the words.
I've also written this piece on Acts of Kindness from around the world.
I just watched this movie. Now I realise that horror movies don't seem to be held to the same standards of quality as other genres seem to, but even for that... Just save yourself the 90 minutes and don't bother, because Paranormal Activity is fairly shit. As if it wasn't enough that the scary sequences aren't scary compared to better horror films, the characters and story suck too. Aside from the lack of character exposition, there's just little annoying faults in the writing throughout the movie. Good horror movies make you invested in the ordeal and hope that the character/s will survive. Though in this movie, the woman is a bit of a condescending bitch and the boyfriend is just a straight up dipshit. So by the end of the movie you're only really hoping that whatever is tormenting them gets its way and ruins their lives somehow. If you haven't watched it yet, you'd be better off seeing The Conjuring or something along those lines.
Filed on January 3, 2017 | Last updated on January 3, 2017 at 06.28 am
Want to escape fines? Reduce speed on this UAE road
Over speeding has emerged as a key cause behind traffic accidents.
In order to improve road safety, the Sharjah Police has recommended the lowering of speed limit along the Maliha Road, particularly in the section between Al Badea Bridge and Sheikh Khalifa road exit, from 120 km/hr to 100 km/hr.
The new speed limit has become effective with the beginning of 2017.
The decision was taken on the basis of field research carried out by the Traffic and Patrols Department of the Sharjah Police, in co-operation with strategic partners.
The stretch also underwent maintenance and development work, carried out under the Ministry of Infrastructure Development.
The study included a review of speed limits in the emirate of Sharjah, particularly along roads prone to serious accidents that often ended in fatalities. The study's aim was to increase traffic safety along these roads, save the lives of drivers and reduce the number of serious accidents.
Over speeding has emerged as a key cause behind traffic accidents.
The decision would help reach the target of the government team at the Ministry of Interior to bring down the fatality rate along the five main accident-prone roads in the state by 21 per cent in 2017, compared to the same period last year.
Al Naoor highlighted the department's efforts to improve traffic safety, and said several programmes were in the works to realise that aim. He also called upon the drivers to abide by the sanctioned speed limit to assure that they remain safe and help reduce any losses of life.
Apart from this, the Ministry of Interior also announced a number of measures to meet the goals set under the government accelerators' mechanism to improve safety on the five roads, identified as most prone to fatal accidents. Strategic partners, as well as the Traffic and Patrols Department, were represented in this group.
Furthermore, the Umm Al Quwain Police has ramped up its efforts to improve safety along the Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Road in the emirate. This is to reduce the road accidents along this stretch, as well.
Share
More >
Vote
Click/tap here to subscribe to Khaleej Times news alerts on WhatsApp. Make sure you save the phone number under Contacts on your phone for uninterrupted service.
ERROR: Macro /ads/dfp-ad-article-new is missing!
Dunleavy is done.
Sen. Mike Dunleavy, R-Wasilla, abruptly left the Alaska Senate's governing caucus on Thursday evening, citing differences with the caucus' approach to Alaska's $2.8 billion budget deficit.
“Right now, I am a caucus of one,” he said after joining minority Democrats by voting “no” on the version of the state operating budget approved by the Senate Majority.
That lone vote will have big consequences for both Dunleavy and the majority.
Before Dunleavy's departure, the Alaska Senate Majority was a supermajority that included 14 Republicans and one Democrat, enough votes to accomplish every major procedural action in the Legislature without any minority support.
Now, the majority will be one vote short of what's needed to spend from Alaska's Constitutional Budget Reserve, the multibillion-dollar savings account that it is relying upon to balance the state's budget. If it can't get that vote, it can't enact its budget plan.
Dunleavy's action also has personal consequences. The Senate operates in what's known as a “binding caucus.” Members are required to vote in one bloc on budgetary items or they lose their caucus membership.
Members of the majority are rewarded for following the caucus line, even if they disagree with a particular decision. Dunleavy was chairman of the Senate's State Affairs Committee, and he likely will lose that position because of his budget vote. He'll also lose some of his legislative staff, and he may lose some of his other committee assignments.
“There's a price for anything you do,” he said after the vote.
Dunleavy has typically been at the conservative end of the Senate Majority. He voted no on the budget because he believes the state should erase its deficit through service cuts, and not through new taxes or cuts to the Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend.
The Senate Majority's plan doesn't include new taxes, but it does include slashing the dividend from an estimated $2,300 this year to $1,000, then diverting some of the Permanent Fund's earnings to cover the deficit.
“I've been the odd man out on the Permanent Fund issue,” he said.
Dunleavy called himself the “odd man,” but he might easily have been joined by others.
Before the final vote on the budget, Sen. Shelley Hughes, R-Palmer, spoke at length about how difficult it was for her to vote “yes,” and she was clearly torn about whether to follow Dunleavy's action or not.
“For me, it would actually be easier to vote no,” she said before voting yes.
Dunleavy said after the fact that he spoke with Hughes and Sen. David Wilson, R-Wasilla, before making his decision.
“I'm actually glad they stayed in the caucus,” he said, and Hughes confirmed in her floor speech that Dunleavy spoke with her before his decision.
In addition to Dunleavy's thoughts on the budget this year, it is possible that an event coming in 2018 factored into his action Thursday night.
There have been persistent rumors in the Capitol and elsewhere that Dunleavy may run for governor when Gov. Bill Walker's first term expires in 2018. (Walker has not said if he will run for re-election.)
“I'm not going to dismiss it,” Dunleavy said of those rumors, “but that's not what this is.”
Contact reporter James Brooks at [email protected] or call 419-7732.
Can't wait for #totfest this Friday, July 14 at @barebottle! We've got some awesome new flavors to share. Details at Bit.ly/totfest! A post shared by Jackrabbit Kitchen (@jackrabbitkitchen) on Jul 10, 2017 at 11:40am PDT
A food truck and catering operation called Jackrabbit Kitchen announced that they're hosting a Tater Tot Fest this weekend, on July 14, and as is the way with all things mildly novel and involving a food truck, thousands of people on social media think this sounds like an amazing idea. At present, 8.9K people are "interested" in the Facebook event, which is happening from 5 to 9 p.m. at Barebottle Brewing Co. in Bernal Heights, and 720 people claim they are "going" as of this writing.
Live 105 picked up on the news, which can only make matters worse for the tot line, and the beer line. But if there's one thing we've learned at SFist over the years, SF Millennials love a good line.
Jackrabbit is promising some "awesome new flavors to share" in the tot department, "in addition to our classic cheddar-scallion," and yes, there will be beer pairings.
Jackrabbit's typical truck menu features chicken, pork, lamb, and tofu sliders using "the best ingredients from Northern California's farms and ranches," in addition to the cheddar-scallion tots. But, apparently, the tots have been a hit, and they're broadening their tot horizons.
Not to over-explain this, but tater tots are just one of a bevy of comfort foods that have been back in vogue in recent years and popping up on menus all over the city going back about four years at least. And who doesn't love a tater tot? Here you can check out SFist's list of the best tater tots, as well as one of the newest entries in the category, at The Saratoga.
I write you from the year 2017, where we're currently awaiting new albums from Arcade Fire, LCD Soundsystem, Fall Out Boy, Grizzly Bear, and now the Killers. The actual news is a new horrorshow every day; the rock news feels like a short trip to the recent past. Mercifully, the Killers' new song “The Man” is almost good enough to convince me:
Do listen to “The Man” at least twice before you make up your mind, because there's a lot going on: the synth liftoff, the backup choir, the vocoder overdubs, the intently funky bass (“funkier than anything we've ever done before,” Brandon Flowers told BBC Radio 1's Annie Mac). Unlike the godawful new incarnation of Fall Out Boy, the Killers know their way around around glammy disco-rock; unlike Arcade Fire, who appear to be on some too-clever-by-half Brazil RPG jaunt lately, they're willing to embrace being corny about it. The hook is Flowers proclaiming that he's the man, man, and he sounds like he's probably wearing spangled pants. He can still sell it, too: “I got a household name,” he sings, and sure, that's a lee-tle bit of a stretch, but he's not wrong, either.
That's assuming he's talking about himself at all, though—the captial-M Man, in the “keeping me down” sense, feels more omnipresent than ever. “The Man” gets a lot better when you start believing it's narrated by the villain, and that the Killers are subtly shimmying some kind of truth to power—because on the surface, the lyrics are pretty cliché. If you were to point to a guy on the street and ask for a freestyle based on the concept “I'm the man,” he'd have 50/50 odds of coming up with something like, “I got gas in the tank / I got money in the bank.” It's almost enough to make you miss “Are we human / Or are we dancer?” (Editor's note: I always miss “Are we human / Or are we dancer?”)
As satisfying as “The Man” is when it comes to packing a big “Fame” glitter wallop, it's not exactly something you'll find yourself searching for deep-seated meaning in—which is why, based on the teaser photos, I hold out hope for a video outrageous enough to confirm that the Killers are in on the joke. I want to watch this Vegas cowboy character strut all the way from the Strip to a seedy motel; I want to see him on a mechanical bull; I want him to flex a bicep right as Flowers yells, “You see what I mean? / U-S-D-A certified lean.”
Right then: “The Man” is a bop. It would sound fan-fucking-tastic in a roller rink. It might even make it on radio. Killers LP5, Wonderful Wonderful, coming soon. Follow Fox Footy for more.
UN: Only Small Farmers and Agroecology Can Feed the World
Governments must shift subsidies and research funding from agro-industrial monoculture to small farmers using ‘agroecological' methods, according to the UN's Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food. And as Nafeez Ahmed notes, her call coincides with a new agroecology initiative within the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation.
Modern industrial agricultural methods can no longer feed the world, due to the impacts of overlapping environmental and ecological crises linked to land, water and resource availability.
The stark warning comes from the new United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food, Prof Hilal Elver, in her first public speech since being appointed in June.
“Food policies which do not address the root causes of world hunger would be bound to fail”, she told a packed audience in Amsterdam.
One billion people globally are hungry, she declared, before calling on governments to support a transition to “agricultural democracy” which would empower rural small farmers.
Agriculture needs a new direction: agroecology
“The 2009 global food crisis signalled the need for a turning point in the global food system”, she said at the event hosted by the Transnational Institute (TNI), a leading international think tank.
“Modern agriculture, which began in the 1950s, is more resource intensive, very fossil fuel dependent, using fertilisers, and based on massive production. This policy has to change.
“We are already facing a range of challenges. Resource scarcity, increased population, decreasing land availability and accessibility, emerging water scarcity, and soil degradation require us to re-think how best to use our resources for future generations.”
The UN official said that new scientific research increasingly shows how ‘agroecology' offers far more environmentally sustainable methods that can still meet the rapidly growing demand for food:
“Agroecology is a traditional way of using farming methods that are less resource oriented, and which work in harmony with society. New research in agroecology allows us to explore more effectively how we can use traditional knowledge to protect people and their environment at the same time.”
Small farmers are the key to feeding the world
“There is a geographical and distributional imbalance in who is consuming and producing. Global agricultural policy needs to adjust. In the crowded and hot world of tomorrow, the challenge of how to protect the vulnerable is heightened”, Hilal Elver continued.
“That entails recognising women's role in food production — from farmer, to housewife, to working mother, women are the world's major food providers. It also means recognising small farmers, who are also the most vulnerable, and the most hungry.
“Across Europe, the US and the developing world, small farms face shrinking numbers. So if we deal with small farmers we solve hunger and we also deal with food production.”
And Elver speaks not just with the authority of her UN role, but as a respected academic. She is research professor and co-director at the Project on Global Climate Change, Human Security, and Democracy in the Orfalea Center for Global and International Studies, University of California, Santa Barbara.
She is also an experienced lawyer and diplomat. A former founding legal advisor at the Turkish Ministry of Environment, she was previously appointed to the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) Chair in Environmental Diplomacy at the Mediterranean Academy of Diplomatic Studies, University of Malta.
Industrial agriculture grabs 80% of subsidies and 90% of research funds
Hinting at the future direction of her research and policy recommendations, she criticised the vast subsidies going to large monocultural agribusiness companies. Currently, in the European Union about 80% of subsidies and 90% of research funding go to support conventional industrial agriculture.
“Empirical and scientific evidence shows that small farmers feed the world. According to the UN Food & Agricultural Organisation (FAO), 70% of food we consume globally comes from small farmers”, said Prof Elver.
“This is critical for future agricultural policies. Currently, most subsidies go to large agribusiness. This must change. Governments must support small farmers. As rural people are migrating increasingly to cities, this is generating huge problems.
“If these trends continue, by 2050, 75% of the entire human population will live in urban areas. We must reverse these trends by providing new possibilities and incentives to small farmers, especially for young people in rural areas.”
If implemented, Elver's suggestions would represent a major shift in current government food policies.
But Marcel Beukeboom, a Dutch civil servant specialising in food and nutrition at the Ministry of Trade & Development who spoke after Elver, dissented from Elver's emphasis on small farms:
“While I agree that we must do more to empower small farmers, the fact is that the big monocultural farms are simply not going to disappear. We have to therefore find ways to make the practices of industrial agribusiness more effective, and this means working in partnership with the private sector, small and large.”
A UN initiative on agroecology?
The new UN food rapporteur's debut speech coincided with a landmark two-day International Symposium on Agroecology for Food and Nutrition Security in Rome, hosted by the FAO. Over 50 experts participated in the symposium, including scientists, the private sector, government officials, and civil society leaders.
A high-level roundtable at the close of the symposium included the agricultural ministers of France, Algeria, Costa Rica, Japan, Brazil and the European Union agricultural commissioner.
FAO Director-General José Graziano da Silva said: “Agroecology continues to grow, both in science and in policies. It is an approach that will help to address the challenge of ending hunger and malnutrition in all its forms, in the context of the climate change adaptation needed.”
A letter to the FAO signed by nearly 70 international food scientists congratulated the UN agency for convening the agroecology symposium and called for a “UN system-wide initiative on agroecology as the central strategy for addressing climate change and building resilience in the face of water crises.”
The scientists described agroecology as “a well-grounded science, a set of time-tested agronomic practices and, when embedded in sound socio-political institutions, the most promising pathway for achieving sustainable food production.”
More than just a science — a social movement!
A signatory to the letter, Mindi Schneider, assistant professor of Agrarian, Food and Environmental Studies at the Institute of Social Studies (ISS) in The Hague, said: “Agroecology is more than just a science, it's also a social movement for justice that recognises and respects the right of communities of farmers to decide what they grow and how they grow it.”
Several other food experts at the Transnational Institute offered criticisms of prevailing industrial practices. Dr David Fig, who serves on the board of Biowatch South Africa, an NGO concerned with food sovereignty and sustainable agriculture, said: “We are being far too kind to industrialised agriculture. The private sector has endorsed it, but it has failed to feed the world, it has contributed to major environmental contamination and misuse of natural resources. It's time we switched more attention, public funds and policy measures to agroecology, to replace the old model as soon as possible.”
Prof Sergio Sauer, formerly Brazil's National Rapporteur for Human Rights in Land, Territory and Food, added: “Agroecology is related to the way you relate to land, to nature to each other — it is more than just organic production, it is a sustainable livelihood.
“In Brazil we have the National Association of Agroecology which brings together 7,000 people from all over the country pooling together their concrete empirical experiences of agroecological practices. They try to base all their knowledge on practice, not just on concepts.
“Generally, nobody talks about agroecology, because it's too political. The simple fact that the FAO is calling a major international gathering to discuss agroecology is therefore a very significant milestone.”
~~~~~
Dr. Nafeez Ahmed is an investigative journalist, bestselling author, and international security scholar. He is a regular contributor to The Ecologist and The Guardian where he writes about the geopolitics of interconnected environmental, energy and economic crises. He has also written for The Independent, Sydney Morning Herald, The Age, The Scotsman, Foreign Policy, Prospect, New Statesman, Le Monde diplomatique, among many others. His new novel of the near future is Zero Point.
Related
Popular
When you're king, you're king.
Google built what Android is today, and as such has a privileged position in the ecosystem.
But it's still shocking to see that the search and mobile giant owns every single one of the ten fastest-growing software development kits (SDKs) in the Android ecosystem, according to SDK mobile app intelligence firm MightySignal. Especially since it's hard to grow fast from an already-huge installed base.
Most of them are part of Google's massive and comprehensive mobile development platform, Firebase.
SDKs are the building blocks of applications, in a sense. They allow developers to quickly add functionality like social logins or ad-based monetization to their apps without having to build it themselves. But the creators and owners of popular SDKs find themselves in powerful positions in the market, since critically important and valuable data about apps, users, activity, and monetization flows through them.
The ten fastest-growing mobile SDKs on Android in 2017 are:
Google Admob (uses: monetization, ad mediation) Firebase Appindexing (uses: deeplinking, indexing for search) Firebase Realtime Database (uses: storing and syncing data) Firebase Remote Config (use: instant no-coding app changes) Firebase Analytics (use: app analytics and management platform) Google Analytics (use: analytics) Firebase Auth (use: authentication) Firebase Storage (use: cloud-based data storage for apps) Firebase Crash Reporting (uses: quality assurance, crash reporting) Gson (use: converts Java objects into JSON -- a data format -- and back)
The most-used SDK is for app monetization via advertising, Google's raison d'etre. Admob's installed base is now over 1.1 million apps, according to MightySignal. And that's just on Android -- Admob is also in wide usage on iOS, Apple's mobile development platform.
Firebase has seen astonishing growth, however.
The massive app-development suite has many components that Google has been adding to for years. In late 2016, fewer than 400,000 apps used the main Firebase SDK. Today, according to MightySignal, almost 840,000 apps have the SDK installed. In other words, Google has doubled the number of apps using its most important non-advertising SDK.
"Over the course of the last year, Google has really doubled down on Firebase," MightySignal CEO Shane Wey told me today. "It's odd, because this past year Facebook bought Parse to do similar things, but then just shut it down."
There are a few non-Google SDKs with popularity, of course.
Facebook's SDK for Android comes in at number 11 for growth in 2017, hitting 312,000 apps. Facebook has seen huge growth in numbers this past year as well, coming from 145,000 or so to its current number. But, as Wey mentioned, Facebook has shied away from the general development tools that Google has invested heavily in.
A couple of open-source librairies for image handling and various app development tasks are next: Picasso, and Bolts.
Clearly, Google is still the king of mobile.
And it must be good to be king, because apps that store user-generated content, sync data, and use Google's monetization platforms all help generate revenue via advertising, via Google's cloud services, and via the data that they funnel to Mountain View.
Except for ad-based monetization, none of that is available from rival Facebook.
Update:
I've received a question about the use of the term "SDK" here, and a suggestion that "library" would be better. That's partially true, in my very humble opinion.
Here's the reply I gave, which could help in making up your own mind in deciding if the term was used correctly or not:
Residents of Stokes Croft, which last hit the headlines when a protest against Tesco turned into a riot, up in arms against redevelopment of Carriageworks site
It is the spiritual home of Banksy, a bohemian (and sometimes a little seedy) hangout of artists, hippies, eco-activists and dreamers.
But there is growing concern among many residents of Stokes Croft in Bristol that the very soul of this vibrant enclave could be at risk if planners allow a landmark building at the centre of the neighbourhood to be turned into “yuppie flats” within a gated community.
steven morris (@stevenmorris20) Images of Stokes Croft, Bristol. pic.twitter.com/gXeNPJrC5L
“We are at a crucial point in the history of this neighbourhood,” said Chris Chalkley, chairman of the People's Republic of Stokes Croft, a radical champion of street culture in the area. “If we have a private gated community in the heart of Stokes Croft, it will irrevocably change the character of the area. Stokes Croft has already become gentrified over the last few years but this is going too far. People won't accept it and will fight back.”
The disputed site includes the Carriageworks, a beautiful Victorian grade II* listed building, and a less attractive 1960s office block called Westmoreland House just up the road from one of street artist Bansky's most beloved works The Mild Mild West, which shows a teddy bear about to hurl a petrol bomb.
For decades the buildings, owned by a London property developer, have lain derelict but over the past three or four years the city council has worked with local people to compulsory purchase the site and create a community-driven development of affordable and social housing together with spaces for community projects and businesses.
That collapsed when another private company, Fifth Capital London, acquired a controlling interest in the site and put in a planning application. It wants to build 118 homes – but only eight will be “affordable” and there are no plans for any social housing. There will be units for shops and two public spaces, but although Fifth Capital insists it will not be gated, it will have the option to close off the communal spaces if it feels the need to combat any antisocial behaviour or rough sleeping.
PRSC (@PRStokesCroft) Monday 630pm PRSC NEW BUILDING. CARRIAGEWORKS: RESIST FIFTH CAPITAL. pic.twitter.com/W7CIv80uZw
Marc Pennick, director of Fifth Capital London, argued that the scheme largely followed the community's vision for the site and would respect the special spirit of the area. “It is an opportunity to end decades of neglect and dereliction and breathe new life into the historic Carriageworks building,” he said.
Pennick claimed the large sum needed to make the scheme work meant it was not financially viable to create more affordable homes but insisted the idea of having supermarkets or chain stores on the site had been ruled out. “We believe it's the kind of project that does justice to the site and delivers on the needs and aspirations of the local area,” he said.
That was not the view at a meeting of concerned locals this week.
Plans are being hatched for demonstrations and protests ahead of the city council's planning meeting on the scheme next month. Residents of the New Era estate in east London, who resisted eviction by a US investor, will be invited to share their experiences.
Hadie Abido, who runs a not-for-profit company promoting artists, said: “This is a weird little island of diverse people with mad, creative ideas. It's buzzing at all hours. We have to resist any corporate encroachment. This company is not seeking to improve the area. It is looking to make a profit.”
Prue Hardwick, a leading light in the Carriageworks Action Group, which shaped the community vision for the site, said: “This is a free country and Stokes Croft is a very free kind of place. Anyone is welcome to move into Stokes Croft. The important thing is that nobody should feel shoved out or feel unwelcome.”
The development could also become a hot political issue in the election campaign. The Green party, which hopes to take this seat – Bristol West – has expressed concern about the scheme. Its candidate, Darren Hall, said the development could push up prices in the area – and usher out the bohemians who live here because of the current low rents.
There is support from some residents who believe anything is better than the current eyesore, but the vast majority of those who have submitted comments to the city council are opposed.
Darren Hall (@DarrenHall2015) Info here if you would like to make an objection to the proposed Carriageworks development http://t.co/qk7cnHYJCk via @carriageworks2
Anna Minton, the writer and reader in architecture at the University of East London, has visited Stokes Croft and spoken to some of those fighting the development. She does not think their cause hopeless. “It is a David and Goliath fight but you never know. The people at the New Era estate succeeded and Stokes Croft has a history of taking direct action. The odds are against but you never know.”
The last high-profile fight against a development in the neighbourhood was against Tesco. The supermarket chain opened a store and riots ensued.
Chalkley believes violence could follow again. “I think politicians have to understand that their actions can have consequences. That is what they have to bear in mind when the councillors go into their meeting and make their decision. There is an extraordinary refusal to accept injustice in this community.”
TJ: The best used Jeep deal ever!
Yeah, das right; we went there. Uh-huh, girlfriend. We're not going out on a limb when we call the '97-'06 TJ Wrangler the most popular Jeep of our time. Hit any major off-roading event and the trails will be lousy with them. Your local mall parking lot will have at least a half-dozen equipped with lifts and upgraded tires. And any Internet classifieds, used car lot, or corner garage is sure to have dozens of great candidates for sale at incredible deals.
Engines
When you look at the CJs of yore or even the YJs that preceded them, TJ Wranglers could possibly represent the best build fodder the off-road enthusiast was ever presented. Unlike the YJs there were no awkward early years with undesirable drivetrains. Right out of the gate in '97 until the model was discontinued in 2006, Jeep's venerable and ubiquitous 4.0L six-cylinder was offered with very little change. Beginning in 2000 Jeep ditched the simple, but crack-prone tubular exhaust manifold for one with integrated, twin catalytic converters, which makes header upgrades somewhat more expensive. Also in 2000, all Jeep 4.0L engines went to a coil-on-plug ignition system, thus doing away with the distributor and plug wires, and then in 2005 the 4.0L got a revised throttle body. Otherwise through the model run, power and torque numbers on the 4.0Ls are similar, with no significant changes. Four-cylinder engines were the sturdy and almost-adequate 2.5L until Jeep's new DOHC 2.4L appeared in 2003, upping the base engine's available power from 120hp/181lb-ft to 147hp/190lb-ft. Regardless, either four-cylinder is disappointing once a lift and tires are added, so it's still best to hold out for a 4.0L model if you plan on bigger tires, adding armor, and doing more than rock crawling with your TJ.
TJs use an aluminum radiator with clamp-on plastic tank caps on the top and bottom which will leak with time and mileage. Even the factory-replacements aren't long for this world, but several companies make all-aluminum replacement radiators to permanently cure this inherent flaw.
Check When Purchasing:
•Cracked exhaust manifolds
•Plugged or rattling catalytic converters
•Leaky plastic-tank radiators
•Oil leaks at the rear main seal or harmonic balancer
•Any excessive knocking from valvetrain or bottom end when running
•Dented or crushed oil pan or exhaust components
Transmissions
For the most part, behind the engines Jeep wised up and did away with lackluster transmissions. Aside from the mealy AX-5 ('97-'02) or the NV1500 ('03-'06) five-speed manual tranny found behind the four-cylinder engines, any TJ transmission could be considered a keeper even with a mild V-8 swap. The AX-15 five-speed was used behind the 4.0L up through 2000 when it was phased out for the studly NV3550 five-speed. The NSG 370 six-speed tranny that appeared in 2005 behind the 4.0L has a lower torque rating than either five-speed that preceded it, so just because there's one extra gear, don't automatically assume it's one better than the AX-15 or NV3550. And speaking of automatically, if you prefer to let the tranny do the shifting, you're stuck without an overdrive up through the 2002 model year, because the three-speed Chrysler 32RH was the only game in town until the overdrive four-speed 42RLE came to town in 2003.
TJs added driver- and passenger-side airbags to Jeep's 1/4-ton utility lineup for the first time. The '97 Wranglers were plagued by a poor cowl design that allowed rain and wash water to pool on the front floorboards. The aftermarket makes everything for TJs including new soft top window, top, and interior components. So don't let a ratty top or disgusting interior sway you away from an otherwise-solid vehicle.
Check When Purchasing:
•Fluid level and condition if automatic
•Clutch fluid reservoir level and condition if manual
•Leaking fluid
•Bashed skidplate, abrasions, or cracks on bellhousing or tranny case
•Wobbly or loose-feeling shifter
T-Case, Axles, & Steering
The T-case in any standard TJ is going to be the excellent NV231J with 2.72:1 Low, which like the TJ itself, enjoys an arsenal of aftermarket support. Axles in standard TJs are low-pinion Dana 30s in the front with no center axle disconnect and 3.07, 3.55, or 3.73 gears for six-cylinder or 4.10 cogs for the four-cylinders. Out back, all four-cylinder models got the Dana 35, while the Dana 44 with 30-spline shafts was available on six-cylinder Sahara and some Wrangler X trim levels. The Dana 44 is a real boon and can same you a lot of money on a mildly-build vehicle. The low-pinion TJ Dana 30 can be replaced with a high-pinion Dana 30 from an XJ for a little more strength since it's a bolt-in swap. All TJs run the same steering setup that employs a J-bend at the passenger-side tie rod to clear the knuckle at full-turn. This is a very common problem spot, so check for a previously-bent and straightened links if the vehicle you're looking at looks like it's been wheeled hard.
Check When Purchasing:
•T-case slip yoke output seal leaking
•T-case linkage shifts smoothly and without binding
•Leaking at axle tube ends, pinion seals, diff covers
•Smashed front diff cover
•Peeled back rear diff cover
•Any excessive slop or play from the rear axle (especially Dana 35 models)
•Bent, broken, worn steering linkages
We don't think you can do better than a '97-'99 Jeep 4.0L in terms of power, reliability, and ease of upgrades. The 2000 models did away with the distributor and plug wires for a coil-on-plug arrangement, but it's a good system and has proven just as reliable in the field as the old-school, cap-and-rotor ignitions.
Suspension
The biggest departure from the Jeep's CJ and YJ utility vehicles in the past was the introduction of coil springs at each corner. The axles are located with a four-link control arm arrangement that uses track bars front and rear. They can be easily lifted with coil spring spacers or longer coils, upgraded with long-arm suspension links, and converted for use with coilovers depending on how gnarly you want to get with your project. Although most coils don't offer a progressive spring rate like leafs, any TJ will seem like you're wheeling on a pink, fluffy cloud. The factory control arms have rubber bushings that can wear out and get a little sloppy over time, but most of the better short arm aftermarket lift kits include new adjustable arms at least on the upper or lower side.
Check When Purchasing:
•Bent, broken, damaged control arms
•Worn, sloppy bushings
•Movement or slop at the track bar when turning the wheel
•Clunking when driving
Rubicon & Other Trim Levels
In 2003 the Rubicon model was introduced and turned the enthusiast market on its ear. The Rubicon offered Dana 44 axles front and rear with 4.10 gears and pneumatically-operated lockers (open/locked front; limited slip/locked rear), 31-inch diameter 245/75R16 MT/R, and a NV241OR T-case with a burly 4.0:1 Low and a fixed yoke on the rear. Additionally, the Rubicon offered diamond plate rocker protection, slightly larger and wider fender flares, and overall more options and amenities than the standard Wrangler or Wrangler X models.
Front Dana 30 and Dana 44 and rear Dana 44 axles are pretty durable, but the Dana 35 rear found in all four-cylinder and most six-cylinder TJs is a potential problem area. Anything from broken pinion or ring gear teeth to worn bearings to broken axleshafts are possibilities, so if you're not planning on swapping, take your time and pop the diff cover to be sure.
Another cool Wrangler came on the scene in 2004 1/2 as the 103.5-inch wheelbase Wrangler Unlimited. The LJs, as they've been dubbed, featured the same drivetrains as the TJs, but were only available in 4.0L models with auto transmissions for 20041/2. In 2005 you could get the auto or manual, as well as the Rubicon LJ for the first time. The standard LJs got the Dana 30 front and Dana 44 rear, while the Rubicon LJs naturally got the same locking Dana 44s as the TJ Rubicons.
Otherwise, Wranglers could be optioned with any number of trim level, top and door configurations, and amenities. The four-cylinder models are considered base SE models and could be had with A/C, but mostly they're going to be lower-end vehicles with more Spartan interiors and austere exterior features. The Sport and later the Wrangler X models piled some popular options onto the SE platform without going all gonzo like the blinged-out Sahara models, which offered every option under the sun, plus exterior stuff like color-matched fender flares, side steps, A/C, intermittent wipers, cruise, and on hardtop models things like rear wiper and defrost options. Nowadays these extra options just add a bunch of weight and the potential for something to not work right, so savvy shoppers looking for a buildup project may smartly save some coin with the SE, Sport, or X models and skip the Sahara.
As for tops and door options, know what you want before you start shopping, because even used top and door assemblies fetch a premium. Hardtop models are nice if you do a lot of road driving, but they're difficult to remove by yourself and take up a lot of room to store. Soft tops are a better option if you plan on open-air wheeling. Many TJs have hard half doors with soft, removable uppers, but the full hard doors with roll-up windows offer a higher level of quiet and convenience, yet are still easily removed for open-air driving.
Check When Purchasing:
•Faded or broken black plastic fender flares
•A/C and HVAC works
•Top rips and zipper door/window functions
•Signs of water damage under carpet or rust on floorboards in early models
With just a few days remaining for the controversial Tipu Jayanti to be celebrated by the state government on November 10, more and more people have begun to protest against this.
Today members of the Veera Vanite, Onake Obavva and Horata Vedike along with support from the BJP and RSS protested at the Mysore Bank Circle. Many of the women came dressed in the attire of Onake Obavva and also held in their hands the Onake or pestle (a wooden long club meant for pounding paddy grains) that was used by Obavva to kill the soldiers of Hyder Ali.
Senior BJP leader and spokesperson Anwar Manipady lambasted CM Siddaramaiah who he claimed was doing this just to get the Muslim votes. 'They know very well that they are in a downhill situation and that is why they are holding Tipu Jayanti just to get their votes,' Manipady tells India Today.
Similarly, Rajesh Padmar, RSS spokesperson said his organization has been opposing Tipu Jayanti being conducted by the state government for a long time now. He termed it unfortunate that the government is observing this celebration for ruler who was both intolerant and controversial.
'It looks like the state government is behind vote bank politics,' he tells India Today on why CM Siddaramaiah wants to go ahead with Tipu Jayanti in spite of opposition by the people of Karnataka, political parties and social activists.
The Congress government had started celebrating Tipu's birth anniversary in 2015 terming the 18th century ruler of Mysore a freedom fighter, who got killed in 4th Anglo-Mysore war.
Even historians are a divided lot. Those who back Tipu talk about him fighting the British and his contributions to Hindu temples. Those who are against him refer to writings of British and Tipu's own commander while mentioning the killings of thousands of Hindus and Christians in Madikeri-Malabar region and the forced conversions that Tipu allegedly carried out.
With inputs from Divya Mekala
This is a list of United States congresspersons by longevity of service. It includes Representatives and Senators who have served at least 36 years. It is divided up into several categories.
In cases where there is a tie in time the following criteria will sort people higher:
Achieved time uninterrupted (total tenure rank only) Achieved time first Senators over Representatives (House and Senate list only) Senate or House seniority (Dan Rostenkowski versus Neal Edward Smith)
Key [ edit ]
In green Currently serving H Served in House (only for House and Senate combined categories) S Served in Senate (only for House and Senate combined categories) I Interruptions in service (only for total tenure categories)
Combined U.S. House and Senate time [ edit ]
Senate time [ edit ]
The 90th Congress was notable because for a period of 10 days (December 24, 1968 – January 3, 1969), it contained within the Senate all 10 of the longest-serving senators in history until January 7, 2013, when Patrick Leahy surpassed Russell B. Long as the 10th longest-serving senator in history. This period stretched from the installation of Ted Stevens of Alaska after his appointment to fill a vacancy to the retirement of Carl Hayden of Arizona early the next year.
The 96th Congress and 97th Congress were the periods in which most people from this list were serving together (all but Hayden, Russell Jr., Warren, Eastland, and Grassley in the former and all but Hayden, Russell Jr., Warren, Eastland, and Magnuson in the latter).
House time [ edit ]
The NHL's "Road To The Winter Classic" documentary series is on the move again. Sources tell ESPN that the League's behind the scenes series will air on NBCSN, the NHL's U.S. television rights-holder, this December. The series will feature the Buffalo Sabres and New York Rangers, who will face off in the Winter Classic at Citi Field on New Year's Day 2018. Previously, the "Road To The Winter Classic" aired for three seasons on HBO as part of its "24/7" franchise and three more seasons on the EPIX network. The NBCSN "Road" show is expected to air on Wednesday nights. Streaming and Canadian broadcast rights will be announced soon. So, good news for those who love these candid looks at hockey life. But one assumes the colorful language that's been a hallmark of the show will have no home on non-pay cable.
Why Baylor's bowl berth is a university-wide Christmas gift
Many of the benefits of Baylor's berth in this year's Russell Athletic Bowl in Orlando are obvious. It extends Baylor's bowl streak to a program-record six straight years, and pits the No. 17 Bears against the 10th-ranked North Carolina Tar Heels in a matchup that's considered one of this year's top five bowl games. The game also provides Baylor fans with one more opportunity to cheer on players we'll miss next year.
But the Russell Athletic Bowl means more than a well-deserved reward for another strong season; it's a Christmas present to the entire university. Bowl games provide Baylor with a chance to showcase its offerings to new audiences and potential future Bears, and gather the Baylor family in areas across the country. And while a bowl game lasts only a few hours, it provides weeks worth of opportunity to connect and grow Baylor Nation in meaningful ways.
For the football team: As we've grown accustomed to Baylor bowl appearances, we almost forget the old days when the season was usually long over by the time Christmas rolled around. Since practices end when the season ends for each team, bowl games mean the team gets to practice and work together an additional month each year. Six straight bowl appearances means Baylor has received six months of additional practice since 2010, allowing coaches and veterans to fine-tune and younger players additional practice time to grow.
The Russell Athletic Bowl also brings the football team to the state of Florida for the first time under Coach Briles, providing the chance to expose the Bears' exciting brand of football to potential recruits in one the nation's most gifted football states. Florida is generally considered one of the big three states for recruiting, making it fertile ground for any program looking for talent.
For the university: Again, it's about building recognition of the Baylor name. Baylor has made a practice of advertising heavily (billboards, print, radio and television ads) in each market where Baylor plays a bowl. (For instance, three years ago, Baylor's ads generated buzz in San Diego when the Bears played in the Holiday Bowl.) This year, it's fans in Orlando and central Florida who will learn more about what makes Baylor distinct. For students in greater Orlando who desire a top-notch education and a Christian environment, that presence in town could be a tipping point that gets them to consider Baylor for their college experience.
For alumni: Baylor alumni in Florida are the most obvious beneficiaries of the Russell Athletic Bowl berth; they get to see Baylor football in their own backyard for the first time in years. But for alumni who travel to the game, it's a chance to cheer on the Bears in one of the world's top tourist destinations, with Disney World, beaches and more beckoning to fans who want to extend gameday into a few days of family fun. Baylor Sports Network events also provide the opportunity for Florida alums who may not make it back to campus as often as they like to reconnect with their alma mater and fellow Bears.
For students: Dollar for dollar, it's Baylor students for whom the bowl game is the greatest present (and certainly the best value). Approximately 250 Baylor students will be making the trip to the game via bus, as they have for each of the last several bowl games — and what a deal they'll be getting! Students who took advantage of Baylor's special bowl package get transportation, a ticket to the game, hotel accommodations, and a day at Walt Disney World — all for just $150! A chance to make lifelong memories, cheer on the Bears, visit the happiest place on earth (outside of the Baylor campus, that is) — all for less than the cost of one night in a hotel? Yes, that's quite a Christmas present for Baylor students.
While the game is the main event, the benefits of a bowl game are a Christmas present to the entire university. Baylor is taking advantage. Will you?
Sic 'em, Bears!
We recently announced our integration with MonkeyLearn, bringing machine learning to Scrapy Cloud. MonkeyLearn offers numerous text analysis services via its API. Since there are so many uses to this platform addon, we're launching a series of tutorials to help get you started.
To kick off the MonkeyLearn Addon Tutorial series, let's start with something we can all identify with: shopping. Whether you need to buy something for yourself, friends or family, or even the office, you need to evaluate cost, quality, and reviews. And when you're working on a budget of both money and time, it can be helpful to automate the process with web scraping.
When scraping shopping and e-commerce sites, you're most likely going to want product categories. Typically, you'd do this using the breadcrumbs. However, the challenge comes when you want to scrape several websites at once while keeping categories consistent throughout.
This is where MonkeyLearn comes in. You can use their Retail Classifier to classify products based on their descriptions, taking away the ambiguity of varied product categories.
This post will walk you through how to use MonkeyLearn's Retail Classifier through the MonkeyLearn addon on Scrapy Cloud to scrape and categorise products from an online retailer.
Say Hello to Scrapy Cloud 2.0
For those new readers, Scrapy Cloud is our cloud-based platform that lets you easily deploy and run Scrapy and Portia web spiders without needing to deal with servers, libraries and dependencies, scheduling, storage, or monitoring. Scrapy Cloud recently underwent an upgrade and now features Docker support and a whole host of other updates.
In this tutorial, we're using Scrapy to crawl and extract data. Scrapy's decoupled architecture lets you use ready-made integrations for your spiders. The MonkeyLearn addon implements a Scrapy middleware. The addon takes every item scraped and sends the fields of your choice to MonkeyLearn for analysis. The classifier then stores the resulting category in another field of your choice. This lets you classify items without any extra code.
If you are a new user, sign up for Scrapy Cloud for free to continue on with this addon tutorial.
Meet MonkeyLearn's Retail Classifier
We'll begin by trying out the MonkeyLearn Retail Classifier with a sample description:
Enjoy speedy Wi-Fi around your home with this NETGEAR Nighthawk X4 AC2350 R7500-100NAS router, which features 4 high-performance antennas and Beamforming+ technology for optimal wireless range. Dynamic QoS prioritization automatically adjusts bandwidth.
Paste this sample in the test form under the Sandbox > Classify tab. And hit Submit:
You should get the following results:
MonkeyLearn's engine analyzed the description and identified that the product belongs in the Electronics / Computers / Networking / Routers categories. As a bonus, it specifies how sure it is of its predictions.
The same example using curl would be:
curl --data '{"text_list": ["Enjoy speedy Wi-Fi around your home with this NETGEAR Nighthawk X4 AC2350 R7500-100NAS router, which features 4 high-performance antennas and Beamforming+ technology for optimal wireless range. Dynamic QoS prioritization automatically adjusts bandwidth."]}' \
-H "Authorization:Token <YOUR TOKEN GOES HERE>" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-D - \
"https://api.monkeylearn.com/v2/classifiers/cl_oFKL5wft/classify/?"
You can sign up for free on MonkeyLearn and replace <YOUR TOKEN GOES HERE> with your particular API token to play with the retail classifier further.
Using MonkeyLearn with a Scrapy Cloud Project
Now we are going to deploy a Scrapy project to Scrapy Cloud and use the MonkeyLearn addon to categorize the scraped data. You can clone this project, or build your own spiders, and follow the steps described below.
1. Build your Scrapy spiders
For this tutorial, we built a spider for a fictional e-commerce website. The spider is pretty straightforward so that you can easily clone the whole project and try it by yourself. However, you should be aware of some details when building a spider from scratch to use with the MonkeyLearn addon.
First, the addon requires your spiders to generate Item objects from a pre-defined Item class. In our case, it's the ProductItem class:
class ProductItem ( scrapy . Item ) : url = scrapy . Field ( ) title = scrapy . Field ( ) description = scrapy . Field ( ) category = scrapy . Field ( )
Second, you have to declare where the MonkeyLearn addon will store the analysis' results as an additional field in your Item class. For our spider, these results will be stored in the category field of each of the items scraped.
2. Setup shub
Shub is the command line tool to manage your Scrapy Cloud services and you will use it to deploy your Scrapy projects there. You can install it by:
$ pip install shub
Now authenticate yourself on Scrapy Cloud:
$ shub login Enter your API key from https://app.scrapinghub.com/account/apikey API key: Validating API key... API key is OK, you are logged in now.
You can get your API key in your account profile page.
3. Deploy your project
First go to Scrapy Cloud's web dashboard and create a project there.
Then return to your command line terminal, go to your local project's folder and run shub deploy . It will ask you what the target project id is (i.e. the Scrapy Cloud project that you want to deploy your spider to). You can get this information through the Code & Deploys link on your project page.
$ cd product-crawler $ shub deploy Target project ID:
Now your project is ready to run in Scrapy Cloud.
4. Enable the MonkeyLearn addon on Scrapy Cloud
Note that before you enable the addon, you have to create an account on MonkeyLearn.
To enable the addon, head to the Addons Setup section in your Scrapy Cloud project's settings:
You can configure the addon with the following settings:
MonkeyLearn token : your MonkeyLearn API token. You can access it from your account settings on the MonkeyLearn website.
: your MonkeyLearn API token. You can access it from your account settings on the MonkeyLearn website. MonkeyLearn field to process : a list of item text fields (separated by commas) that will be used as input for the classifier. In this tutorial it is: title,description.
: a list of item text fields (separated by commas) that will be used as input for the classifier. In this tutorial it is: title,description. MonkeyLearn field output : the name of the new field that will be added to your items in order to store the categories returned by the classifier.
: the name of the new field that will be added to your items in order to store the categories returned by the classifier. MonkeyLearn module : the id of the classifier that you are going to use. In this tutorial, the id is 'cl_oFKL5wft'.
: the id of the classifier that you are going to use. In this tutorial, the id is 'cl_oFKL5wft'. MonkeyLearn batch size: the amount of items the addon will retain before sending to MonkeyLearn for analysis.
You can find the id of any classifier in the URL:
When you're done filling out all the fields, the addon configuration should look something like this:
5. Run your Spiders
Now that you have the Retail Classifier enabled, run the spider by going to your project's Jobs page. Click ‘Run Spider', select the spider and then confirm.
Give the spider a couple of minutes to gather results. You can then view the job's items and you should see that the category field has been filled by MonkeyLearn:
You can then download the results as a JSON or XML file and then categorize the products by the categories and probabilities returned by the addon.
Wrap Up
Using MonkeyLearn's Retail Classifier with Scrapy on Scrapy Cloud allows you to immediately analyze your data for easier categorization and analysis. So the next time you've got a massive list of people to shop for, try using immediate textual analysis with web scraping to simplify the process.
We'll continue the series with walkthroughs on using the MonkeyLearn addon for language detection, sentiment analysis, keyword extraction, or any custom classification or extraction that you may need personally or professionally. We'll explore different uses and hopefully help you make the most of this new platform integration.
If you haven't already, sign up for MonkeyLearn (for free) and sign up for the newly upgraded Scrapy Cloud (for free) and get to experimenting.
According to Walmart, the prolific retailer sold over 1.4 million tablets, led by Apple's iPad Mini, during its Black Friday sale last month. While consumer technology like computers and HD televisions have been a staple of Black Friday shopping for years, tablets have only recently joined them as a big holiday item.
Unlike when Apple debuted the original iPad for $499 in 2010, the market is now saturated with models at every price point, including a range economy tablets like the Nexus 7, Kindle Fire HD, and iPad Mini. As the technology has become cheaper, it's also become more widespread, with tablet sales expected to eventually surpass the combined sales of desktops and laptops sometime in 2015.
This has been a boon to both comic book publishers and readers. Just as the spread of tablets has fueled growth in book publishing, dedicated apps like Comixology have done wonders for the comic book industry. While companies like DC and Marvel were hesitant at first to distribute their books digitally, for fear of damaging longstanding relationships with brick and mortar retailers, the move has paid off. Especially for Comixology.
Though the overall growth of digital comic book sales slowed to 25% this year (down from a whopping 300% in both 2012 and 2011), the market continues to come into its own, buoyed by titles like Brian K. Vaughan and Fiona Staples' Saga and Robert Kirkman's The Walking Dead.
For its part, Comixology has continued to branch out, looking past best-selling books to both mid-tier and niche titles that can appeal to a wider cross-section of potential readers. The company, which supplies both a marketplace for digital comics as well the default "Guided View" reading technology used to consume them, reached 200 million downloads earlier this year. Bringing in new readers with different interests was no small part of that.
Unlike traditional comic book shops which are bound by the law of scarcity to stock only those comics they think are most likely to sell, online retailers like Comixology have the luxury of virtual shelves that can hold any title, no matter how small its audience, as long as someone out there is interested in buying it.
With its Submit portal, Comixology has followed in Amazon's footsteps and given independent creators interested in self-publishing a platform to do so. Speaking about the process at New York City Comic-Con last October, Joshua Fialkov, co-creator of The Bunker, called it, "a perfect way to get your book out to people without jumping through hoops." According to Fialkov, portals like Submit help streamline the publishing process, removing a lot of the costly barriers to entry while allowing for a direct channel between creators and readers.
One of Comixology's co-founders, John Roberts, noted at a company sponsored event that same weekend that, "Submit has become a top 20 publisher in revenue for us." As reported by Publisher's Weekly, Roberts said that one comic book series even saw more than a tenfold jump in sales once it made it on to Submit. “It's a testament to the audience we bring and the better reading experience on small devices," he explained.
First time comic book readers, which make up an important part of this audience, are more diverse as well. According to a survey done by Comixology of close to 16,000 customers, 20% of its readers are now women, up from just 5% back when the company was first starting out.
Online retailers like Comixology aren't necessarily in direct competition with traditional comic book stores either. While some see digital comics as the beginning of the end, others like writer Mark Waid (Irredeemable, Kingdom Come), see digital comics as the gateway to an expanding mainstream audience, one he hopes will find their way to local brick and mortar shops after being turned on to the medium through apps like Comixology.
Though tablet shipments are expected to fall next year, that's likely due more to market saturation than a drop-off in interest on the part of consumers. A survey by PBS KIDS found that "technology" will make up the majority of parents' gift purchases this holiday season, and among that segment tablets edged out video game consoles as the highest item of interest, meaning the potential market for comic books will only continue to expand.
Everyone knows Halloween is the best time of year, so what better day is there to get married than October 31st? We grabbed a few words with Martin and Alli Hutcheon, who got married on Halloween in 2015; their thoughts and photos should provide some inspiration for anyone planning a wedding around Halloween this year!
Can you please introduce yourselves?
We're Martin and Alli Hutcheon.
Alli is a former pole fitness instructor and now full time mum to our two wonderful children Shen and Hagan, and one husky Jed. Martin is a former addictions/mental health Social Worker who now works for a front line homeless charity.
In our spare time we like to create little adventures for our children and we love to take our gorgeous Siberian Husky on long walks.
We both have an almost obsessive love of horror movies and hauntings so will take any opportunity to binge watch horror films and take part in paranormal investigations of reportedly haunted locations.
But our absolute favourite thing to do is indulge our love of zombies, or the undead in general, by taking part in zombie related games such as 2.8 Hours Later or Generation of Z where we can get our adrenaline pumping as we flee for our lives.
We were married on October 31st 2015. Our favourite day of the year, Halloween, at Thainstone House Hotel, Aberdeenshire.
How/why did you decide on a Halloween Wedding?
We always knew we wouldn't have a traditional wedding and Alli always knew she wouldn't be wearing white on our big day.
So when it came to our wedding date there was no question. It had to be Halloween.
It was the perfect time to do things a little differently, indulge our passion for all things horror related, and allow our guests to channel their ghoulish sides whilst giving us freedom to have a few little surprises for them throughout the day.
We both love anything to do with the sinister side of Halloween and thought the theme would be easy for everyone to get behind and allow everyone to have a little bit of fun with how they dressed for the evening, once the formal part of the day was past.
Did all your guests embrace the theme?
Absolutely! We were just over the moon with how every got right behind our theme for the reception. From age 2 to 92 the effort was outstanding.
Face painters/makeup artists were on hand to help transform our guests into whatever creature they wished to transform in to for the evening.
Just in case people weren't able to bring a costume we provided some accessories and props but fortunately these were barely used as everyone came very well prepared for a spooky evening.
We were amazed that it wasn't just the guests who embraced the theme. Our venue, and all their staff, got right in to the swing of things with custom decorations, lighting, costumes and some very lovely little Halloween treats for our guests.
Your outfits are fantastic, could you tell us a bit about how you put them together?
Alli knew she wouldn't be wearing white and always wanted to have a black dress and rock the Gothic Princess look for the day.
Unfortunately a black dress wasn't something easily obtainable from the high street so after doing a lot of research online she came across the amazing designer Tova Marc from Wedding Dress Fantasy.
They had a fantastic range of alternative styles and as soon as Alli saw her dress she knew it was the one. When it arrived it was perfect and Alli chose to add a few little finishing touches like a custom brooch and home-made fascinator to complete the look.
The shoes had to be the Iron Fist Party Monster heels that Martin had bought her for Valentine's day a year or so earlier.
Alli's flowers were custom made by the very talented Angel K Weddings to the Gothic Princess brief and really completed Alli's vision of the perfect alternative bouquet.
Martin wanted a restrained Gothic look for his outfit. For over a year had been longingly gazing at the Cavalier Vests from Shrine of Hollywood and no matter what else he looked at he always came back to that same black tapestry vest.
To complement the vest he went with simple black trousers with black and grey shirt and shoes. This was finished off with a custom and subtly flamboyant gothic button-hole by Angel K Weddings.
How about the bridesmaids outfits?
For the bridemaids Alli had a vision of a goth rockabilly look and searched high and low for the perfect dress to complement each of the bridesmaids.
Alli stumbled across Pretty Kitty Fashion and spotted the Flock Swing dresses which she thought the bridemaids would love and fortunately the colour matched exactly what she pictured. All three bridesmaids found the dress extremely comfortable to wear and rocked the look on the big day.
The shoes had to be something unusual, something with a little quirk, TUK cat shoes seemed the perfect choice as it wouldn't be Halloween without black cats making an appearance somewhere.
Their flowers were of course made by the fabulous Angel K Weddings and closely matched Alli's own.
The bridesmaids' hair was finished off by spooky skeleton hand and black rose hair clips.
Your cake looks out of this world, who made it?
We had a pretty clear vision for what we wanted from our cake. It had to be black, with gothic detailing, and it had to be red velvet as Martin's a bit of a cake fiend.
Fortunately a good friend is a very talented cake maker who offered to make this for us and did a fantastic job. We've got to say it was one of the most delicious cakes we've ever tasted and it certainly got a lot of attention on the night. Our guests absolutely loved it and by the end of the night there were only a few crumbs left.
Where did your rings come from? (as you may know, we love black wedding rings)
Martin had a clear idea of what he thought Alli would love when it came to her wedding ring.
Having already sourced a Vintage style 14k black gold engagement ring with pink sapphires he knew he'd need something to match in perfectly. He contacted the designer of the original engagement ring, Art Masters, and requested they make a ring to match, which of course they were delighted to do.
Alli loves how unique her rings are and feels the pink sapphires coupled with the black gold give an alternative edge to the traditional engagement/wedding ring.
Alli loves showing off the rings and pointing out that the centre stone setting on her engagement appears to be an ‘M' within an ‘A' to match our initials.
Martin's brushed palladium ring came from local jeweller John Park whose reputation in Aberdeen is second to none.
You just wouldn't believe how difficult it is to find tiny coffins on the high street so our coffin ring box was another Etsy find, from Sugary Skulls Boutique.
There are some great shots of your first dance, we'd love to know what the song was. Also, was your whole playlist Halloween themed?
Our first dance was accompanied by Quivver's – All Fall Down, one of Alli's all-time favourites for a number of years so it was her first choice of song when it came to picking a song for our first dance.
We had taken some dance lessons on the run up to the big day and the song fitted perfectly with a few of the moves we had learned.
It was a great first dance song as it was upbeat but had a lovely haunting feel to it.
It certainly set the mood for the rest of the evening's dancing and started off our reception perfectly.
For our reception's playlist we decided to sit down and choose 20 songs each from our list of favourites, this quickly grew to 30, then 40 and continued from there.
We share extremely similar tastes in music so there was a lot of crossovers in our playlists, with each of us choosing a mix of classic Halloween songs, John Carpenter-esque film scores and various goth, metal, electro and industrial artists. There wasn't a single traditional wedding song played that night but everything from Felix da Housecat through Gary Numan to Skinny Puppy and Ministry featured.
Our DJ, another good friend, works at Aberdeen's tiki dive bar, Krakatoa, so was well versed in tying together what we requested be played with songs adhering to our theme but guaranteed to keep every guest up on the dance floor until the early hours of the morning.
The photos of your day are beautiful, you definitely made a good choice of photographer...
Jonathan Addie has a fantastic reputation and his work is unparalleled. We knew we wouldn't trust anyone else but him capture our day, and all the little moments that came with it.
From our pre-wedding photo shoot he made us feel so comfortable and at ease and really got on board with our wedding theme.
For the big day Jonathan was everywhere all at once but in a completely unobtrusive manner and we feel it's a credit to him just how many spontaneous and candid moments he captured.
When he published the initial photos on his blog we must have spent days looking over each and every photo, even more so when he gave us the full set. He captured everything perfectly and every time we see the photos we can relive the day.
Through his blog and Facebook page we certainly got a fair bit of attention and some wonderful comments from people far and wide.
We have to ask, because they're so cool, who carved the pumpkins?! :D
Our pumpkins were carved by the hotel staff and were a completely unexpected surprise. They really went above and beyond with their preparation for our wedding adding so many touches throughout the entire hotel.
Was your wedding difficult to plan? Would you do anything differently if you did it again?
We wouldn't say it was difficult to plan as we had so much help from family, close friends and the venue itself but it did become all-consuming in the run up to the big day.
There were the usual blips along the way but fortunately despite a few minor setbacks there was nothing that derailed us or put a dampener on the day.
I don't think we'd do anything any differently and we're very blessed that the day went so smoothly and the atmosphere was electric from start to finish!
Thanks Martin and Alli for sharing your day with us. Congratulations on getting married and for pulling off such a fantastic wedding!
Thanks also to the extremely talented Jonathan Addie for being kind enough to share his photographs with us. To see more of Jonathan's work, please take a look at his website.
Jamaicans are no longer among the UK's ten biggest overseas-born populations as the face of British immigration changes.
Traditional communities from overseas have been overtaken by an influx of migrants from Europe, the Office of National Statistics found.
There are now more people living in the UK who were born in Poland than Ireland, while the Indian population has grown by half since 2004.
And Caribbean nations – the source of much of the UK's immigration in the 1950s and 1960s – have dropped out of the top ten completely.
The number of Jamaican-born people living in the UK went up by just 14,000 from 2004, putting it in 11th place with 152,000 people in 2013.
People born in smaller Caribbean countries such as Barbados and Guyana have dropped out of the list of 60 most populous immigrant groups entirely, and Trinidad and Tobago went to 59th.
The number of immigrants living in the UK went up by more than 2.6million in a decade and there is now one immigrant for every seven people born in Britain.
In 2004, the year in which eight Eastern European EU member states were given the right to work freely in Britain, there were fewer than 100,000 Polish-born people in the UK.
Almost a decade on they were the second-largest group, with 688,000.
The ONS count gives estimates for the number of people who were born overseas and where in Britain they live – effectively a chart of immigrant populations.
Traditional communities from overseas have been overtaken by an influx of migrants from Europe, the Office of National Statistics found
In 2004 there were 5,258,000 people living in Britain who were born overseas, and 53,907,000 people who were born in Britain.
April 3, 2013 3 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
While a majority of Americans prefer to be self-employed, relatively few actually take the plunge. What's stopping them?
According to a 2012 survey conducted for the European Commission by TNS Custom Research, 51 percent of Americans would rather be self-employed and 44 percent think it would be possible for them to go into business for themselves within the next five years -- a figure that has increased 8 percentage points since 2009.
But despite the relatively large number of Americans who want to be in business for themselves and believe it feasible in the near future, relatively few would-be entrepreneurs actually take the initiative. Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicate that only about 6 percent of the adult population is self-employed, making the fraction of Americans who would prefer self-employment to wage employment about eight times as large as the share of Americans actually working for themselves.
Related: Why Americans Love Small Business
Why are so few would-be entrepreneurs starting businesses?
While a number of those surveyed have no intention of becoming entrepreneurs any more than they might act out their preference to play professional basketball or be a runway model rather than continue their day job, a surprising number have legitimately considered founding their own company and not followed through. One third of the people who told TNS they wanted to start a business said they gave up on the idea after having thought about it or taken steps to get the company going.
A number of those who wanted to start up but didn't, faced real obstacles that kept them from going into business for themselves -- 4 percent could not come up with a business idea, 15 percent didn't have enough capital, 8 percent said they lacked the necessary skills and 2 percent said administrative barriers held them back.
Related: 10 Questions to Ask Before Quitting Your Job to Start a Business
Most people, however, didn't go into business for themselves because they were afraid of what would happen if they didn't succeed. When asked to identify what would-be entrepreneurs most feared about starting a business, the top responses were a fear of going bankrupt (38 percent) and a fear of irregular income (37 percent), which amount to a significantly larger sum than those who feared personal failure and losing job security.
But while the largest number of would-be entrepreneurs often stop themselves from starting a business because of the financial risks that self-employment entails, making money isn't the reason most Americans prefer to be entrepreneurs in the first place. Only 9 percent of respondents said they preferred self-employment because it offered a greater potential for making money than working for others. Instead, a majority -- 54 percent -- said they preferred to be entrepreneurs because of the independence self-employment affords, and a third said they would prefer it for the freedom to decide when and where to work.
In the end, money still plays an important role in influencing whether or not people go into business for themselves. While the opportunity to make money doesn't draw many Americans to entrepreneurship, the fear of going broke keeps them from taking the plunge.
Related: Train Your Brain to Overcome Fear
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Skye bridge was opened in 1995
SNP MSP John Mason has questioned whether Skye is a "real island" because it has a bridge to the mainland.
The Glasgow Shettleston representative made the claim while Holyrood's rural economy committee was examining the Islands Bill.
He questioned why Skye should be included as it does not have transport issues which "real islands" do.
Government officials confirmed that Skye was "definitely" included in the bill as an inhabited island.
MSPs are scrutinising legislation which aims to offer greater powers to island local authorities and ultimately create a sustainable future for Scotland's islands.
During a meeting with officials from the bill team, Mr Mason asked: "Was it unanimous that something like Skye should be included? It says that bridges are ignored, but surely Skye doesn't have the problems of ferries and transport which real islands do?"
Committee convener Edward Mountain replied: "I'm sure we'll all agree that Skye is a real island".
'Clearly stated'
Darren Dickson from the Islands Bill team said the issue was "quite surprising", adding that Skye was "definitely" listed as an inhabited island.
He said: "We've actually had it asked of us three times whether Skye is covered by the bill - people obviously aren't reading the explanatory notes very clearly because it's quite clearly stated that Skye is included."
Skye MSP Kate Forbes later said that she was "sure John knows that Skye is an island", noting that "otherwise we would have to rewrite the Skye Boat Song".
She added: "Ferry and transport problems are the tip of the iceberg, and there is a huge amount of work to do on the roads infrastructure for tourism, not to mention affordable housing and connectivity.
"That's why I'm so pleased the Scottish government is bringing forward the Islands Bill, as it will make a huge difference to places like Skye."
Image caption Mr Mason has previously said that Skye "cannot be an island" due to its bridge to the mainland
Mr Mason has previously voiced similar views, stating during a debate on island communities in November 2016 that Skye "cannot be an island because it now has a bridge to the mainland".
There have also been previous debates over island status, such as in 2011 when Argyll and Bute Council faced a budget reduction of £400,000 after the Scottish government ceased to classify Seil, linked to the mainland via the Clachan bridge, as an island.
The 2011 census listed Skye as an "inhabited island", and the Islands Bill itself stresses that it defines an island as "a naturally formed area of land which is surrounded on all sides by the sea (ignoring artificial structures such as bridges) and above water at high tide".
The Skye community has been affected by issues particular to rural communities, including a shortfall of available homes and hospital staff shortages.
Hospital staffing
Mr Mason's comments came on the same day as a row over hospital staffing on Skye.
NHS Highland has suspended out-of-hours emergency medical services at Portree Hospital due to staff shortages, a move criticised by local politicians.
The health board said staff absences and a vacancy in the rural support team, which provides out-of-hours care to the north of Skye, meant the hospital's urgent care centre in Portree had to be closed at 18:00 on Tuesday.
NHS Highland said efforts to find personnel from elsewhere, including from agencies, had been unsuccessful and it had no option but to move the out-of-hours service 25.6 miles (41.2km) away to Broadford Hospital until Thursday.
Last month, NHS Highland also suspended new admissions at Portree Hospital because of staff shortages.
Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch MSP Ms Forbes has described the situation as "utterly unacceptable" with the temporary out of hours closure being "another step in the wrong direction".
Trump at CNN's town hall event, March 29, 2016. (Darren Hauck/Getty)
As a child, I was an enormous fan of Richmal Crompton's “Just William” books. Written in England in the 1920s, the stories follow the exploits of William Brown, a cheeky little rapscallion of a schoolboy who is the terror of his middle-class family — and of the village in which he lives. William, who is eminently loveable and has a good heart, is congenitally incapable of keeping himself out of trouble. Invariably, his imagination trumps his grasp on reality — along with his gang, “The Outlaws,” and his dog, “Jumble,” he has a penchant for playing at being a pirate or a cowboy or a street urchin and for taking his flights of fancy out on his neighbors. Often, he seems unable to distinguish between lies and the truth — there are two types of liar, Crompton notes, those who know they are lying and those who convince themselves they are telling the truth. William is the latter. And, when push comes to shove, he is downright devious — on one occasion he purchases a Christmas gift for his father that he knows will be unwanted and that will therefore be returned to him post haste. As a reader, one is aware that William is a walking, talking calamity. But one does not especially mind. On the contrary: One comes to like him a great deal.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Why? Because William Brown is eight years old.
Advertisement
The same, alas, cannot be said of Donald Trump, who exhibits all of William's less admirable proclivities but is able to offer none of his excuses in return. Last night, during a CNN town hall, Americans watched as Trump attempted to explain away the ritual thuggery of his campaign manager Corey Lewandowski with a little Brownesque flair. Lewandowski, Trump proposed, had not in fact unreasonably “battered” reporter Michelle Fields but had been reacting smartly to the continuing threat posed to Trump by petite women wielding pen-bombs. Earlier in the day, sheltering behind Twitter, Trump had made an even more emphatic claim, submitting without explanation that the videotape that clearly shows Lewandowski grabbing Fields was, in some magical and inexplicable way, wholly unreliable. One could almost see the school cap and britches.
Such brazen changeability is par for the Trumpian course. Thus far during Fieldsgate, Trump has argued that nothing at all happened and that the charges were “made up”; that something happened but that the incident has been blown out of proportion; and that, when you think about it, Lewandowski is a hero for saving a presidential candidate from a terrorist attack.
#share#To his apologists, this malleability has suggested that Trump is willing to do “what needs to be done.” To those of us who value truth, however, it has demonstrated just how readily the man will abandon evidence and virtue if he believes that it will help him in the moment. One expects dishonesty from politicians; mendacity, sadly, is a part of how the game has always been played. But at this late stage in the proceedings, one is left wondering less whether Trump is lying routinely in an attempt to get ahead, and more whether he is in fact capable of comprehending the difference between fiction and reality. There is a good reason that when pushed on policy, he either picks the most bombastic position available or issues an assurance that his policies will be “terrific.” That good reason? That in order to devise a coherent policy platform one has to have a coherent grasp on reality. And Donald Trump doesn't.
‘When I became a man, I put away childish things.' — 1 Corinthians
Advertisement
Alas, it seems that a substantial portion of the Republican electorate considers this approach to be cute — or, at least, necessary. I do not. When William Brown believes that he is Blackbeard because he has a fencepost in his hand and some soil smushed into his face, it is endearing; when Donald Trump believes that he can will himself into Lincoln's shoes simply by mentioning his name, it is scary. When William Brown offers up whatever expedient lies will help him escape the scrape he's got himself into, it is diverting and funny; when Donald Trump demonstrates his willingness to say anything so that he can live another day, it is an alarming preview of the manner in which he would wield power.
Advertisement
#related#We are accustomed in the West to allowing children their innocence for as long as we possibly can, but we tend nevertheless to begrudge its continuation into adulthood – especially when responsibility and duty come knocking unexpectedly at the door. To carve an exception to this rule for a man who seeks the highest office in the land would be the most irresponsible folly. “When I was a child,” it says in 1 Corinthians, “I spoke as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things.” It is time for the adults in the room to put away childish things and to punish those who would wield them as sharp, poisonous weapons against verity. This is a republic, Mr. Trump. It is not a gold-lined playroom.
Dwyane Wade is reportedly nearing a deal with the Cleveland Cavaliers, reuniting him with his close friend and former teammate LeBron James. Adrian Wojnarowski of ESPN reports that Wade to Cleveland is imminent, with an agreement likely coming on Wednesday.
It's no surprise that the Cavaliers, Oklahoma City Thunder and San Antonio Spurs among others immediately reached out to Wade once he was bought out by the Chicago Bulls. After all, these are contenders trying to strengthen their roster in an effort to dethrone the star-studded, defending champion Golden State Warriors.
Interestingly, the Warriors placed a call of their own to Wade's camp to express interest in his services, a source told HoopsHype. The talks were brief because it was unclear what role Wade would play with Golden State.
Throughout his decision-making process, Wade made it clear to interested teams that he wants to play significant minutes on a contender. The Warriors weren't clear about his playing time, so both parties moved on. Golden State, which has 15 guaranteed players under contract, had to know landing Wade was unlikely, but they did their due diligence. If Wade surprised them and signed, they would've added a future Hall of Famer to an already loaded roster and – perhaps more importantly – kept him away from their rival Cavs.
Golden State likely would've presented Wade with his best chance to add a fourth championship ring to his collection, but all indications are that he's not interested in playing limited minutes and padding his résumé with a title he feels he didn't earn. The 35-year-old wants to remain a key contributor after averaging 18.3 points, 4.5 rebounds, 3.8 assists and 1.4 steals in 29.9 minutes per game last year with the Bulls.
This is why Cleveland is such an appealing destination for Wade. Yes, he gets to team up with James again. But, more importantly, the Cavs are a contender that's willing to give him plenty of minutes. In fact, Wade may even start for them (with JR Smith moving back to a sixth-man role, something he stated he was okay with during Cleveland's Media Day).
J.R. Smith asked about his role potentially changing if the Cavs add Dwyane Wade. “I don't care, as long as we win” #3Cavs — Ben Axelrod (@BenAxelrod) September 25, 2017
At the end of the day, Cleveland has a clearly defined role for Wade, a shot at a title and the chance to have fun playing alongside his close friend (who likely wouldn't have been too happy had Wade joined the enemy).
Rabbi David Locketz has felt the sting of bigotry in his career, and even a death threat via Facebook last year.
But a recent wave of anti-Semitic incidents, including two bomb threats in the Twin Cities in the last five weeks, has struck a frightening and ugly chord that feels new to him.
“Our experience as a community in this country has never been that we have had to worry about an organized threat,” said Locketz, senior rabbi for the Bet Shalom congregation in Minnetonka. “That's what has been unique about the last several weeks: It feels so organized and so massive.”
Minnesota is in the midst of a startling rise in anti-Semitic incidents, a chilling surge that started even before the two bomb threats phoned in to the Jewish community centers in St. Paul and St. Louis Park. Law enforcement records show 11 hate crimes against Jews reported in Minnesota in 2016 — a three-year high. The local Jewish Community Relations Council (JCRC), which compiles its own list, also tallied a surge in hate incidents — 21 reports last year, up from 12 in 2015. And this year's count is on pace to be even higher. Authorities across the country are reporting a similar spike in such threats.
In response, the FBI and other federal officials have ramped up their engagement with local JCCs, advising them on security measures and encouraging them to report any suspected hate crimes. Local police have increased patrols around Twin Cities synagogues during weekly services. And U.S. Attorney Andrew Luger, the top federal prosecutor in Minnesota, said his office is participating in a nationwide investigation into the recent bomb scares, which he called part of a “different and heightened” climate of concern.
“This threat has rocked our whole community to the core,” said Soni Cohen of the Sabes JCC in St. Louis Park, which had to evacuate nearly 500 people after a Jan. 18 bomb threat. “Because it's no longer just a drill.”
St. Paul police officers stood in front of the St. Paul Jewish Community Center after it was evacuated after receiving a bomb threat on Monday.
Authorities have been unable to pinpoint a single inspiration behind the latest hate incidents in Minnesota.
But the actions of one young Minneapolis perpetrator, documented by the Star Tribune through his online activity, helps pull back the curtain on the spreading influence of white supremacist networks.
Shortly after plastering the University of Minnesota campus with swastika-studded fliers earlier this month, the young man logged in online and accepted an invitation to join the local chapter of a popular white supremacist website called the Daily Stormer. Behind the anonymity of his web profile, he celebrated with his newfound digital brotherhood:
“I did it for all of you,” he wrote on a forum of the site, whose users reportedly have included Dylann Roof, the man who in 2015 killed nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church. “I never imagined that there were so many great racists and fine upstanding Nazis.”
Throughout the weekend, the young man, identified only by the username “Whitelash,” disclosed that he had “virtually no family” and “so little to lose.” Unemployed and “partially disabled,” he said he struggled to find the $6 to print the fliers and pay for a light-rail train to campus from his home near the airport. He promised “future exploits” and boasted that he didn't fear punishment: “If I lose, I'll be like a martyr for our cause.”
In an earlier thread related to an FBI investigation in South Carolina, “Whitelash” wrote: “Some day, when we are the authorities, we can purge our enemies with impunity.”
Tony McAleer, a former skinhead from Canada who now helps run a nonprofit aimed at reforming extremists, said the young man's behavior signaled a troubled quest for belonging familiar to many who wind up in white supremacist circles.
“There are probably thousands of guys like him,” said McAleer, executive director of the Chicago-based Life After Hate. “When you scratch below the surface you find similar kinds of stories: Someone who doesn't quite fit in, looking for their place in the world. They can't find it in a mainstream way, but with very little effort he can make himself a hero by putting fliers on campus.”
For the Twin Cities JCCs, the recent bomb threats represented a new test of existing security protocols, said Steve Hunegs, executive director of the JCRC, the public advocacy voice of the Twin Cities Jewish community. At the Sabes JCC in St. Louis Park last month, staff shuttled all 500 of its visitors to a warm, secure location and was back in operation the next day. The St. Paul JCC, meanwhile, was able to reopen its doors just hours after its scare last week.
“That's a strong expression — a strong response to acts of intimidation,” Hunegs said.
The incidents triggered increased law enforcement activity around Twin Cities Jewish institutions, and some families were left wondering if they can safely leave their children at day care or school.
Still, local faith leaders said they're hopeful that supportive ecumenical and community responses have calmed families' fears.
“Nobody has said to me that they aren't coming because they're scared,” Locketz said.
In fact, many in the Jewish community suggest the subsequent show of community support has outweighed the hateful acts. Cohen said the Sabes JCC received a letter signed by 252 faith leaders expressing solidarity, and students from a nearby Catholic school created a mural for the children at Sabes. And on Friday, 22 Muslim organizations signed a half-page Star Tribune ad that called the recent hate acts an affront “against all people and the values we hold as Americans.”
“That is so important,” Cohen said, “because it's easy to start to believe that everybody hates you.”
Next month, Temple Israel in Minneapolis will host a forum featuring Christian Picciolini, a former Nazi skinhead who founded Life After Hate. Picciolini, who lives in Chicago, said he considered the Twin Cities a second home during his days in the movement 25 years ago. He still holds out hope that his St. Paul friends, whom he called good people, will find a way out.
Families viewed damage at a Jewish cemetery outside St. Louis.
“Most people, regardless if they [are] white extremists or jihadists, become radicalized secondarily to a search for identity, community and purpose,” Picciolini said. “The ideology is just the tie that binds.”
Picciolini and McAleer are among those concerned by reports that the Trump administration plans to refocus federal counter-extremism policies narrowly on Islamic radicals. Among other things, that would imperil a $400,000 grant Life After Hate was selected to receive for anti-Nazi work from the Department of Homeland Security.
In the shared vigilance and interfaith gestures that have sprung up across the Twin Cities, rabbis like Locketz say they see opportunities to forge alliances. Even though Locketz's congregation wasn't targeted in the recent hate incidents, he said a Plymouth Islamic center planned to present a gift at Saturday's Shabbat service.
Citing that gesture, Locketz invoked a metaphor from the Torah.
“One of the real negatives of anti-Semitism are what feels like isolation,” Locketz said. “Here we are living in a place, and all of a sudden you don't know who you trust. To have that isolation removed … because we have so many close friends expressing support for us — that's what brings light into dark places.”
Twitter: @smontemayor
In Ingress, most passcodes expire after x amount of uses. However, occasionally Niantic releases passcodes that last for a very large number of uses! Here we provide you with a list of those passcodes that we know of. We will keep this page updated, so feel free to pass it around to your communities and locals and comment below to keep us up to date if you find some fully redeemed, or know of new ones. Change log is at the bottom with what changes were made and when, so you can check there for updates. The table below is sortable by each column, so if you are looking for a particular item just click the column header. Enjoy!
Code Bursters Resonators Items Items 3ouv7wu5a4 X8 *10 R8 *10 US8 *5 PC8 *5 RS *5 2973carrie98 X3 *6 R3 *4 CS MH 50 XM alignment9nb75yo5 X3 *5 R3 *5 CS HS cassandra3wh77rg4 X2 *5 R2 *5 US2 T cern2vb46cn7 X1 *5 R1 *5 CS MH farlowe2ft72ym5 X2 *5 R2 *5 CS T inveniri2he69ar3 X2 *5 R2 *5 US2 FA jarvis2kn66cz2 X3 *5 R3 *5 US3 T message6ca48vf7 X1 *5 R1 *5 CS MH minotaur8bb28et5 X2 *5 R2 *5 US2 T powercube5yn73em6 X1 *5 R1 *5 CS FA spacetime4je35kf5 X4 *4 R4 *4 US4 FA vi9uh67mo6 X1 *4 R1 *4 50 AP 50 XM ni9gq92to9 X4 *5 R4 *5 CS LA 80jdfitmar X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 RS *5 alignment3qh24up8 X1 *5 R1 *5 CS CHS lvboynxaie R1 *10 CHS *2 CMH *2 PC1 *10 1000 XM 5NOY8NNT5N X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 RS *5 JFEM4TW4PQ78UXFN X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 ffve2cb2na23ykdq X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 PS *5 motr4uv3ku63vagn X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 NLTWENTY17 X *4 R *4 PS *2 PC *2 250 AP 250 XM QNOD8CB2NA74UHOV X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 xkrq7tq5gy68kkjg X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 phillips4tq82tp9 X2 *5 R2 *5 CS CHS fayb7xx2gc33repg X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 qqkt8ux5dj89udkc X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 evbh2gg8vm76pttj X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 tqc94ak659pn X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 gmcr9uq6fg92teky X *10 R *10 US *5 PC *5 CS *5 antimagnus9wm29qt5 X4 *4 R4 *4 T aegis9bg38nf5 R3 *5 X4 *5 FA bletchley6bw79uu3 R1 *5 X1 *5 CS T brainwave7xx77kf6 R4 *5 X4 *4 CS creative3nc46wp7 R3 *5 X3 *5 US3 CHS glyphs4gt83bm4 R1 *5 X1 *5 US1 LA recursion8pj38fq4 R4 *5 X3 *4 PC4 wolfe4oc63dd5 R4 *5 X4 *5 CS FA
Spectacular Photos: 1st Meteor Shower of 2012 Amazes Skywatchers
Roberto Porto
A dazzling display of "shooting stars" kicked off the 2012 skywatching season early Wednesday (Jan. 4), thrilling amateur astronomers around the world with views of the Quadrantid meteor shower. [Full Story]
Giant Moon Crater Revealed in Up-Close Photos
NASA/GSFC/Arizona State University
Spectacular new images of a gigantic crater on the moon have been captured recently by a low-skimming NASA satellite, the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. [Full Story]
Monster Galaxy Cluster 'El Gordo' Packs Mass of 2 Quadrillion Suns
ESO/SOAR/NASA
Astronomers have discovered what appears to be the largest cluster of galaxies ever seen, a massive galactic conglomeration called "El Gordo" located about 7 billion light-years from Earth. [Full Story]
Have a Cigar
ESA/Hubble & NASA
Messier 82 (M 82), also known as the Cigar Galaxy, looks very different in this new Hubble image, the most detailed view ever of the core of this galaxy. Previous images show a galaxy ablaze with stars. This image looks quite unlike them, dominated instead by glowing gas and dust. Filters transparent only to the wavelengths emitted by specific chemical elements isolated the light from glowing gas clouds, while blocking out much of the starlight. Thus the stars appear faint in this image, and the dust lanes are sharply silhouetted against the brightly glowing gas clouds. The starburst galaxy lies about 12 million light-years away in the constellation of Ursa Major (The Great Bear). [See all daily space photos]
Space Bubbles Offer Glimpse at Our Sun's Evolution
NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA
Bubbles full of stars are now shedding light on how our sun and its siblings might have formed, a new study reveals. [Full Story]
Hello, Earth! Satellite Snaps Amazing 'Blue Marble' Photo
NASA
NASA's newest Earth-watching satellite has sent back a breathtaking image of our "Blue Marble" that offers a taste of the orbiting observatory's vast capabilities. [Full Story]
Sun Unleashes The Strongest Flare Yet of 2012
NASA/SDO
A massive solar flare — the strongest one so far this year — erupted today (Jan. 27) from the same active region of the sun that triggered a raging solar tempest earlier this week. [Full Story]
Earth From Space: The Secret of NASA's Amazing 'Blue Marble' Photos
NASA/NOAA
NASA's newest Earth-watching satellite is beaming back spectacular views of our home planet – huge mosaics of many images stitched together at the highest-resolution yet obtained. But there's a bit of science mojo at work to create the stunning photos. [Full Story]
City Lights at Night: Astronaut's Amazing View from Space
NASA
A remarkable nighttime panorama taken from the International Space Station captured a dazzling cobweb of city lights as the orbiting complex flew roughly 240 miles (386 kilometers) overhead. [Full Story]
Brightest Galaxy Through Gravity Lens
NASA, ESA, J. Rigby (NASA Goddard Space Flight Center), K. Sharon (Kavli Institute for Cosmological Physics, University of Chicago), and M. Gladders and E. Wuyts (University of Chicago)
A fluke of astrophysics has revealed what scientists are calling the brightest galaxy ever seen through a cosmic "zoom lens," NASA officials say.
The distant galaxy is 10 billion light-years from Earth and was spotted by the Hubble Space Telescope using a so-called gravitational lens created by a massive cluster of closer galaxies located about 5 billion light-years away. The distant galaxy is three times brighter than any other seen through a gravity lens, researchers said. The photo was released on Feb. 2 and posted on Feb. 6. [Full story]
New Look at the Carina Nebula
ESO/T. Preibisch
The most detailed image yet of the well-known Carina nebula was caught by a European telescope, unveiling previously hidden features of an exquisite star nursery.
The European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope (VLT) spied the cosmic landscape of gas, dust and young stars in the majestic Carina nebula, which is located about 7,500 light-years away from Earth. The lively star nursery lies deep in the heart of the southern Milky Way, in the constellation of Carina (The Keel). The image was released Feb. 8. [Full Story]
Ever since bitcoin captured the hearts and minds of the mainstream press in 2013, many tech and finance experts have come out and said that bitcoin could become a widely-used medium of exchange if the community is able to shake off its anarchist roots. To many early adopters, this has been a rather puzzling turn of events. After all, censorship resistance seemed to be one of the main points of creating the payment protocol in the first place. Where would bitcoin be without Silk Road?
For now, let's ignore the bigger picture debate between anarchists and regulation-embracing entrepreneurs and focus on bitcoin's ability to disrupt card-based point-of-sale systems. Why hasn't this disruption taken place yet?
Credit cards work pretty well
Although some large companies have decided to embrace bitcoin as a payment option over the past few years, the reality is that lately there hasn't been much growth in the use of bitcoin in retail transactions — especially offline. Although bitcoin has been useful for certain types of value transfers, it doesn't seem that many people are going to be shopping with bitcoin at Walmart in the near future. There are a few different reasons as to why this is the case:
Using bitcoin is stressful. Ignoring the problems associated with losing your phone or forgetting the password, simply sending a bitcoin transaction is still rather stressful. The finality of sending a payment can be too much for most people to handle, and many potential users may wait until more consumer protections are built into bitcoin applications before they begin to use the protocol. Costs of traditional payment options are declining. Although bitcoin proponents like to talk about the high costs of credit card transactions, some big players, such as Costco and Amazon, don't need to worry about giving a large share of their profits to a middleman. Cheap, alternative payment options, such as Dwolla and Knox Payments, are also coming to market, and we could see these costs drop further as the issues of identity and fraud are attacked by more startups over the next decade. The future cost of signing a transaction on the bitcoin network also seems unclear, although changes to the maximum block size or new innovations, such as the proposed Lightning Network, could eventually help solidify bitcoin's promise of low fees. People like credit and rewards. Credit cards allow people to spend money they don't have, and that isn't the case with bitcoin — at least not yet. Many credit cards also offer rewards programs that provide cashback incentives on purchases, which makes it difficult for the consumer to make the switch to bitcoin. It's possible that bitcoin-related discounts could become more prevalent in the future, but we haven't seen that on a large scale up to this point.
Bitcoin doesn't need to compete with credit cards
Although bitcoin does not seem like a serious threat to traditional retail payment options over the short term, the good news is that the blockchain is useful for much more than buying a Big Mac. The biggest non-illicit use case for bitcoin right now is likely as “gold 2.0,” as there are many commodity-esque use cases for the digital token. Plus, the illicit use cases still provide part of the fundamental value of bitcoin.
In the grand scheme of things, not that many people hold bitcoin right now. Having said that, we could see its use as a medium exchange increase as more individuals decide to hold bitcoin as a store of value (in a manner similar to gold). In the not-too-distant future, a majority of bitcoin transfers may take place on traditional payment rails. This is what some bitcoin advocates are talking about when they say the bitcoin token, commodity, or currency is more important than the blockchain technology.
In Preston Crown Court, East Preston, England, three young women have been charged with Sexual Assault of a 20 -year old football player. The three women from Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, maybe should be thrown into a furnace or not? But, you decide on that, as their actions were completely wrong, as they took the male victim home from a night out and then plied him with lots of vodka, making him pass out, then cut his hair and then performed sex acts on him. Not really, good news, is it? As you will hear that it gets much worse.
This isn't acceptable behavior, the women named as, Brogan Gillard 26, Shannon Jones 20, and Paige Cunningham 22, sexually assaulted the sportsman in degrading ways, whilst dancing and seemingly having fun with it. The three admitted to sexual assault, but their not guilty pleas to penetrating him or doing any actual bodily harm, was accepted by the court. Whow!
The women got him plastered, then stripped off his clothes and did some unspeakable things, whilst filming the ordeal. Terribly poor judgment from the girls, who seemingly were encouraged by one of them, no doubt the main instigator, Brogan Gillard, who even wanted to introduce a dangerous pair of scissors into the equation, for god knows what? We do not wish to hear the grim details.
Luckily, this sicko has now been exposed in their own video that they made and she stood there in court, along with her friends and once the scissors and reported vegetables came into the picture, anyone who had been thinking that this was your average story of “what a lucky guy?” in double standard news, this isn't the case, at all.
The victim did not wish to give evidence in court, and the three women will be handed down their sentences in the New Year. The three women will also have to sign up on the sex offender's register, whilst Brogan Gillard, the obvious ring leader, has also pleaded guilty to unrelated child cruelty charges. Even her name, sounds a tiny bit evil and this news also highlights the dangers of certain young people's fate when possibly associating with the wrong people. And, how that can have you end up in jail, just because you're a bit stupid and impressionably idiotic, perhaps?
But, they all participated and are equally stupid for this strange and typically unheard of incident. But, this goes both ways, in the case of men as well, consensual means ‘being awake and aware'. This man was completely unaware and he was not even awake.
Roofies or GHB apparently weren't used this time, but this is also a terrible experience to go through and also an unforgivable way, that sicko cowards' try with substances to engage in their sexual assaults (desires) or even rapes, for that matter. So, stay vigilant, you never know who to trust and do always keep an eye out on your drink, at all times. It's not nice and we certainly hope that even though it was just Vodka this time, that these three women are given a just sentence for their terrible actions.
<Story by The Narrator>
Featured Photo Credit: Peggy_Marco – Pixabay
One in eight of complaints about animal treatment in 2014 involved alleged deliberate and often violent cruelty to animals, animal welfare charity says
People are continuing to be deliberately cruel to pets in disturbingly inventive ways, the RSPCA said on Wednesday as it published figures showing complaints about animal treatment rose last year.
The animal welfare charity investigated 159,831 complaints in 2014, compared to 153,770 in 2013, its figures show.
One in eight of the complaints (13%) it looked into, a total of 20,258 cases, involved alleged deliberate and often violent cruelty to animals, the RSPCA said.
Horrific examples of cruelty to animals include a Staffie puppy in Cumbria caught on camera being thrown, kicked and having his head trapped in a door and a dog named Ziggy who was found shot in the head with a 20-inch crossbow bolt near Peterborough.
Other cases saw a rabbit die in agony after being microwaved in Gloucestershire, a cat who had been run over in Lancashire die after being kicked like a football by a passer-by instead of being helped, and an eight-week-old Jack Russell terrier puppy from East Sussex left with a painful raw wound when its tail was cut off.
RSPCA chief veterinary officer James Yeates said: “It is extremely concerning that we are still receiving more than 20,000 complaints about animals being deliberately caused to suffer and that's 20,000 too many.
“Most of the complaints we receive involve animals being neglected or not receiving the right care and often we can put that right by offering welfare advice.
“However, it is shocking that in 2014 people are still being deliberately cruel in what can be disturbingly inventive ways.”
The number of convictions and people convicted for animal cruelty fell last year, however, with 1,029 people convicted of animal welfare crimes in 2014 in England and Wales, down from 1,371 in 2013.
There were five prosecutions relating to the “Neknomination” craze online in which several people took part in “dares” involving swallowing live fish, frogs and even a lizard, the RSPCA said.
The pets most likely to fall victim to alleged deliberate cruelty were dogs, the majority of which were reported as being beaten, followed by cats, and then rabbits and small animals.
But the charity said many owners listened to advice given by RSPCA inspectors, with the number of people who were offered and accepted welfare advice increasing from 76,810 in 2013 to 82,746 in 2014.
Yeates said: “Our aim is always to prevent cruelty so it's really positive that a greater number of people followed our advice.
“Crucially this means that although we are still receiving complaints about cruelty we are often getting to incidents before suffering has occurred and helping owners to provide for their animals, whether that means getting veterinary care for them or just giving them the right diet.
“Sadly, though, where cruelty is still happening there will be a need to prosecute in the most serious cases and it is upsetting that so many people are still mistreating animals by deliberately causing them harm or by not providing them with the care they deserve.”
Normally, when a syndicated newspaper advice columnist tackles a question about atheism, I cringe. It's never good information and you're left wondering how the person earned a column in the first place.
That's not the case with Carolyn Hax, writer and columnist for the Washington Post.
A mother wrote to Hax concerning her daughter… who just became an atheist:
I love my daughter dearly, but I am troubled by this turn of events. She has never seriously misbehaved or otherwise given me cause to worry before this. Emily insists she is old enough to make up her own mind, but I simply do not think a girl of 16 has the maturity to make such a life-changing decision. Our pastor cautions me that putting too much pressure on her now might cause her to become even more entrenched in her thinking. How can I help my daughter see that she is making a serious mistake with her life if she chooses to reject her God and her faith? Can I just chalk this up to teenage rebellion, something she's bound to outgrow, or do you suppose this is a precursor to some deeper psychological problem? — God-Fearing Mom
Please tell me it's not either-or. And please also tell me what you would have Emily do — pretend she believes? Pseudo-pray? … So I'll ask again, what would you have nonbelievers do? Lie? Even people who want and try to believe just … can't. Or don't. I'm living proof. (No nagging psychological problems to pin it on, either.) … … Certainly indicating you're not afraid of Emily's doubts will make a better case for your “Christian values” than will treating her as if she's delinquent or mentally ill… … Skepticism is no less personal than faith. Accordingly, I speak only for myself, but I didn't throw out what my childhood, including my church, taught me; I still apply what I believe in. I just apply it to a secular life.
To her credit, Hax delivers a series of knockout punches in her reply:
What a terrific response. She offers good advice while still politely scolding the mother for thinking there was something wrong with her daughter in the first place.
Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was on The Late Show Monday night, and Stephen Colbert was very careful with his questions. Rumsfeld was on to promote his new solitaire app, but all anyone ever wants to talk to Rumsfeld about is the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and Colbert was no exception. He started out by asking if the current situation in Iraq and Syria, including the rise of the Islamic State, was "a worst-case scenario, or a beyond-worse-case scenario" when the George W. Bush administration was planning the Iraq War. "I think the disorder in the entire region, and the conflict between the Sunnis and the Shia, is something that, generally, people had not anticipated," Rumsfeld said.
Then Colbert got a little more direct. "The top two Republicans and the top two Democrats, none of them thinks going into Iraq was the right choice to make," he said. "Do you still think it was the right thing to do, 12 years later?" Rumsfeld said that when Bush made the decision, Iraq had disregarded several U.N. resolutions, had used chemical weapons on his citizens and Iran, and "it seems to me the president, given the facts he had from the intelligence community, made the right decision. In retrospect, they didn't find large caches of chemical or biological weapons."
It's getting late. What does the princess do before they sleep?
Here's Belle. Here's Belle.
Postcard/Print/Limited Edition Giclee:
goo.gl/xOwwsR
Sept－Princess Jasmine
Oct－Elsa, the Snow Queen
Nov－Ariel The Little Mermaid
Dec－Belle
Jan－Snow White (W.I.P.)
※※※※※※ Event ※※※※※※
The most nominated princess in this event will be my drawing topic for January.
If your choice of Princess is the final selected princess, you will have the chance to win
free two postcards "1 Elsa, the Snow Queen + 1 Ariel, the Little Mermaid" for each winner.
A total of twenty sets will be given out.
※※※※※※ Event Period 1/26 18:00-02/01 11:59 am ( Sept－Princess JasmineOct－Elsa, the Snow QueenNov－Ariel The Little MermaidDec－BelleJan－Snow White (W.I.P.)※※※※※※ Event ※※※※※※The most nominated princess in this event will be my drawing topic for January.If your choice of Princess is the final selected princess, you will have the chance to winfree two postcards "1 Elsa, the Snow Queen + 1 Ariel, the Little Mermaid" for each winner.A total of twenty sets will be given out.※※※※※※ Event Period 1/26 18:00-02/01 11:59 am (
PST)
What's the cost of austerity?
The actual cost of severe austerity can't be calculated—the number of lives lost or dreams killed because of families free-falling into poverty isn't an easy number to add up. Now, a new report from the International Monetary Fund has at least quantified the economic damage of austerity ... and it's a number that will shock you.
First, some background. Back in October 2012, this is what the IMF reported:
Earlier this week, the International Monetary Fund made a striking admission in its new World Economic Outlook. The IMF's chief economist, Olivier Blanchard, explained that recent efforts among wealthy countries to shrink their deficits — through tax hikes and spending cuts — have been causing far more economic damage than experts had assumed. (emphasis added)
Economists tend to agree that tax increases and spending cuts hurt growth. The question is how much they hurt growth—a variable that usually changes at different points in time. This matters a lot for policy. If tax hikes and spending cuts only hurt growth a little bit, then a government with debt problems will want to enact some austerity measures. If a tax increase, on average, raises $10 in revenue but reduces output by $6, that might be painful, but it will ultimately shrink the deficit. (Indeed, those are basically the numbers that policymakers in Britain and elsewhere had been using.) [...] Blanchard is now arguing that the fiscal multiplier appears to have been much higher over the past few years than policymakers, including the IMF, had assumed. It's not 0.6. It's somewhere between 0.9 or 1.7. If true, then countries in Europe and the United States should have been pursuing stimulus measures to boost growth—and not insisting on budget cuts. (Not surprisingly, Paul Krugman is claiming vindication, since this was his view all along.) (emphasis added)
In a new paper published Thursday, IMF Economic Counsellor Olivier Blanchard and research-department economist Daniel Leigh show the IMF recommended slashing budgets too fast early in the euro crisis, starving many economies of much-needed growth. In “Growth Forecast Errors and Fiscal Multipliers,” Messrs. Blanchard and Leigh calculate IMF and European economists underestimated the euro-for-euro effect of cutting government budgets. While economists expected that cutting a euro from the budget would cost around 50 cents in lost growth, the actual impact was more like 1.50 per euro.
At the time, Brad Plumer at The Washington Post explained the importance:Now, a new IMF working paper released today details the true damage of austerity:You can read the paper here and Howard Sneider's take on it over at The Washington Post here
In Greece, which has implemented draconian austerity measures at the request of the IMF, the European Commission and the European Central Bank in order to receive bailout funding, the results are seen on the streets where a middle class has plummeted into poverty. One out of three Greeks now lives in poverty and average salaries have been slashed to just several hundred net euros a month. Homelessness, which was rarely seen in that country, is now endemic in certain parts of Athens. The unemployment rate has reached a record 26 percent, with more than 50 percent of Greece's youth out of a job.
Greece received billions of euros in bailout funds, but a large part of why austerity didn't work in Greece is because it wasn't offset by any growth strategy. In a shocking example of how twisted reality became, Greece's bailout funds at one time were simply wired into an escrow account that the government couldn't touch and then wired back for debt service to European banks just days later (read the NYT report here). In other words, not only was there painful cuts, but any money coming into the country was spent almost exclusively on debt reduction rather than on stimulating the economy.
You would think that politicians and analysts here in the United States would take a lesson from the tragedy that has befallen Greece. Instead, as Media Matters documents today, pundits are using the situation there to call for more austerity here at home. (More great stuff from Albert Kleine over at Media Matters here.)
Some politicians recognize that austerity without a corresponding growth strategy is a recipe for disaster. Today, Portugal's president fought back:
President Anibal Cavaco Silva called for urgent action to halt the “recessionary spiral”, warning Europe's leaders that the current course had become “socially unsustainable”. In a speech to the nation, he said Portugal would “honour its international obligations”, but in the same breath called for a tough line with the European Union-International Monetary Fund Troika over the pace of fiscal tightening under Portugal's €78bn (£63bn) loan package. “We have arguments, and we should use them firmly,” he said. “Fiscal austerity is leading to declining output and lower tax revenue. We must stop this vicious circle,” he said, cautioning the Troika that there would be no way out of the crisis until policy was set in the interests of the “Portuguese people” as well as foreign creditors.
Portugal's president has also "asked the constitutional court to rule on the legality of tax rises that come into force this January as well as on further moves to dismantle the welfare state in the 2013 budget," saying that "[t]here are well-founded doubts over whether the distribution of sacrifice is just."
Austerity born on the backs of the 99 percent doesn't work. It not only doesn't fix the problem, it makes it worse by exacerbating a country's economic problems. The fact that austerity in Europe resulted in 1.50 euros of lost growth for every euro cut should serve as a major wake-up call to American politicians here at home. Giving in to the debt fetishists and cutting simply for the sake of cutting—and cutting from society's safety nets—while neglecting at the same time to push forward any robust pro-growth strategy ensures a nightmare situation. The middle class can't be sacrificed in an attempt to bring a country's books into the black.
The Minnesota Timberwolves reportedly have new new uniforms in the works, and not a moment too soon -- they've been one of the NBA's worst-looking teams for what feels like forever.
It's not yet clear exactly when the team's new look will be ready, but the 2017-18 season seems like the logical estimate. But why should we wait that long? We're going to beat the team to the punch by issuing our latest Uni Watch design challenge: Redesign the Timberwolves!
Here are the guidelines:
Your entry must include a primary logo and full home and road uniforms. If you like, you can also include secondary logos and an alternate uniform, but those aren't required.
The NBA will begin allowing advertising patches on team uniforms in 2017-18, so your designs may include ad patches if you like. The NBA's rules for the uniform advertising program call for the patches to be 2½- by-2½ inches and positioned on the upper-left chest area, so your ad patches should adhere to that format. You can use the logo of a real company or you can simply include a square patch that says, "AD." (You can also choose to make your designs ad-free, since teams will not be required to put ads on uniforms.)
Your designs can be created in any digital or analog medium (Illustrator, Photoshop, crayon, whatever) and can be submitted in any standard digital format (JPG, PDF, TIFF, etc.). You can also create a video presentation and upload it to YouTube if you like.
The files you submit should be named after yourself (PaulLukas.jpg, for example). If you're submitting multiple files, please either number them (PaulLukas1.jpg, PaulLukas2.jpg, etc.) or use some other designation (PaulLukas-homeuni.jpg, PaulLukas-logo.jpg, etc.). Files that don't follow this format will not be considered.
In keeping with long-standing Uni Watch chromatic policy, entries including even a hint of purple will not be accepted.
Email your entry to Uni Watch HQ. If you have more than one design concept, feel free to enter as many as you like.
Deadline: Wednesday, July 27, 7 p.m. ET.
The best entries will be showcased in an upcoming Uni Watch column. Get crackin'!
So, after quite some time, I've finished an entry for the monthly blender competition at the blender subreddit!This month's topic was "ancient mythos", and since I had the idea for this image floating around in my head already, I created it for the contestThe concept was inspired by Isis' song "Holy Tears" - I'm not sure if it's obvious in the image, but the statue is supposed to be crying - and the tears (which are holy and magical of course) let plants grow at the statue's socket. I thought of it as an acient statue of some ancient civilisation, stolen by plunderers and put into a dark corner in a monastery, where it's magic is forgotten.Created in Blender 2.7 - I'm actually getting quite comfortable with cycles, nodes and all these "new" featuresTextures from cgtextures or painted myself (first time I sucessfully tried texture painting, yay!), the statue is made with dynamic sculpting (also a first).Andit's not how I wanted it to be, but at least I finished in time! Also, some parts did turn out pretty well in my opinion
COLOGNE, GERMANY -- Pro gaming fans know Mike “Hastr0” Rufail well. The former Call of Duty: Black Ops pro gamer has kept busy since retiring from competitive eSports. Rufail remains active as the owner and coach of Black Ops Team EnVyUs and co-hose of Call of Duty Elite's “Friday Night Fights” TV show. Over the past six months, Rufail has been working closely with developer Treyarch on its extensive integration plans to make eSports a major focus of Activision's Call of Duty: Black Ops II multiplayer.
At Gamescom 2012 in Cologne, Rufail took the stage to demonstrate some of the innovative ways that Treyarch is developing Black Ops II to make it a big part of eSports in 2013 and beyond. The caster gave a play-by-play of a live match in front of a packed international media audience to demonstrate how CODCasting is a major part of the new game.
“Every part of this game has been designed to bring eSports into the mainstream,” said Rufail. “On the screen, a score panel shows the score and time limit for the match. It's our way of relaying this to sports, so spectators can immediately see the score and time left in the game like any real sport. The bottom lower left side of the screen features name plates. In a first-person shooter, you can't see the players, so this is the equivalent of have a player's name on a jersey.”
Rufail utilized the new overhead map view during the live CODCasting, which allows the audience to see where the teams are set up to get insight on players' locations on the map. He said this new perspective helps CODCasters to figure out where the action is about to occur and makes the game fun to watch as you see both teams moving against each other. Aspiring CODCasters can load up previous matches in Theater mode and then cast them after they've been played.
“The new Picture-in-Picture mode is very robust and informational,” said Rufail. “You can derive a lot of information about the game here. There's an objective column, so in a Capture the Flag game, a flag icon shows up next to the player so you know he has it. A bomb icon shows up in a Search & Destroy game. This feature is very informational, providing lots of combinations to present the game to the audience with Picture-in-Picture.”
Another eSports feature is the Listen In mode. Rufail said competitive COD players have communication that separates them from other teams. This chatter can be very emotional and offer insight into the strategizing that goes on at the professional level. He said it brings players into the huddle to hear what they competitors are saying and enables aspiring gamers a chance to learn pros' tactics.
Treyarch Game Design Director David Vonderhaar worked hand-in-hand with Rufail on the development of these new features.
“There's a tremendous opportunity to bring eSports to the masses and Black Ops II is the game to do it,” said Vonderhaar. “We need to make Black Ops II a sport and to do that we need to create an arena, have a high production value and give players and team owners a way to excel through innovative color commentary.”
Treyarch will introduce League Play in Black Ops II, which Vonderhaar said is way to level the playing field and make competition fun at any level. As gamers play, Treyarch will ensure that players are placed in a division with other players of equal skill. As players continue to win, they'll rank up.
“This is an entirely new way to play and think about playing,” said Vonderhaar. “It's been designed for all players, not just the top 2 percent of pro gamers. The mode is simple to enter, you just go in, select a play list and get going. That's Call of Duty as a sport.”
LiveStreaming has allowed eSports to bring an instant global audience to gamers. This will be built into Black Ops II, which will allow anyone to partake in always on broadcasting. Activision had German models showing a live multiplayer match livestreamed on iPads throughout the press conference. The feature is as simple as pushing the “On” button to start the livestream. An optional USB camera gives gamers a picture-in-picture window of who they're watching play. Although gamers will need good upstream bandwidth, they won't need expensive software or a high-end PC to jump into the livestreaming game.
Another feature that's tailor made for eSports is the new Multi-Team Mode. For the first time in COD history, gamers can play up to six teams at once. Up to 18 players can play, including 3 on 3 on 3 or 4 on 4 on 4. Vonderhaar said this mode brings small group squad-based tactics back into the game. The six factions include Navy SEALs, SDC, FBI as well as Mercs, ISA, and militia.
Coal Profile Joined July 2011 Sweden 1520 Posts #1
oGsNaDa attempting to get by some kind of obstacle course( October 2010, so not ''fresh'' content) showing of some nice IRL micro!
Part 1:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HhRH_Vlexo&feature=player_embedded
Part 2:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBlYxRmY4SY&feature=player_embedded
Enjoy seeing your favorite BW/SC2 player doing some hilarious things!
Oh Korea.... you so random
Just found these clips on http://rakaka.se/, they're hilarious!oGsNaDa attempting to get by some kind of obstacle course( October 2010, so not ''fresh'' content) showing of some nice IRL micro!Part 1:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HhRH_Vlexo&feature=player_embeddedPart 2:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBlYxRmY4SY&feature=player_embeddedEnjoy seeing your favorite BW/SC2 player doing some hilarious things!Oh Korea.... you so random In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
n00b3rt Profile Joined May 2010 Bulgaria 888 Posts #2 I used to watch these a lot when I was a kid ;D It's a lot of fun, good find, OP Yeah, whatever
Acnologia Profile Joined June 2011 Australia 410 Posts #3 Wow pretty impressive.....hes pretty strong haha nice find ♥
Existential Profile Joined December 2010 Australia 1957 Posts #4 http://www.teamliquid.net/blogs/viewblog.php?topic_id=254098 Jaedong <3 | BW - The first game I ever loved
Coal Profile Joined July 2011 Sweden 1520 Posts #5 Too bad he didn't go through with the challenge without his t-shirt, then the Nada's body thread would've exploded In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Coal Profile Joined July 2011 Sweden 1520 Posts #6 oops my bad, mod/admin feel free to close the thread! In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
lazyfeet Profile Joined April 2010 United States 467 Posts #7 remind me of those japanese obstacle course i used to watching on G4. LUCK is What Happens When Preparation Meets Opportunity.......
Pwnographics Profile Joined January 2011 New Zealand 1051 Posts #8 He's tank as :L
XsebT Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Denmark 2979 Posts #9 I'm pretty sure I've seen this before here on TL... And quite some time ago. 화이팅
Novalisk Profile Blog Joined February 2011 Israel 1777 Posts #10 Wow that's pretty impressive. Kept his cool like a true champ. /commercial
shell Profile Joined October 2010 Portugal 2702 Posts #11 lol but he is wearing a oGs shirt i believe!
that last one was pretty tought lol BENFICA || Besties: idra, Stephano, Nestea, Jaedong, Serral, Jinro, Scarlett || Zerg <3
Glimred Profile Joined October 2010 China 885 Posts Last Edited: 2011-08-13 13:36:31 #12 I wish I knew which episode of Dream Team this is, they usually get subbed.
Nevermind, I found it, it's the episode of 10.10.10.
Episode 50 of Dream Team Season 2 if anyone wants to look it up.
-orb- Profile Blog Joined September 2007 United States 5718 Posts #13 Damn that looks like a fun obstacle course. I have a childlike longing to run and play on that setup 'life of lively to live to life of full life thx to shield battery'
how sad that sc2 has no shield battery :(
EchoZ Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Singapore 4008 Posts #14 Isn't this dream team? Many celebs do this too. Dear Sixsmith...
Ryncol Profile Joined July 2011 United States 979 Posts #15
Even more impressive! Even more impressive!
Shalaiyn Profile Joined October 2010 Netherlands 2426 Posts #16 On August 13 2011 22:36 Ryncol wrote:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WeARn1QtDE
Even more impressive! Even more impressive!
Stimpack is OP Stimpack is OP
dukem Profile Joined January 2011 Norway 189 Posts #17 Is this the Korean wipeout? "Flash just accidentally killed grubby lol" - MangoMountain
MutatedMiracle Profile Joined July 2010 Canada 80 Posts #18 Wow Nada was doing so well xD
Coal Profile Joined July 2011 Sweden 1520 Posts #19 Omg... that guy is fast! In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Draconicfire Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 2561 Posts #20 Oh man, thats actually so awesome haha. @Drayxs | Drayxs.221 | Drayxs#1802
1 2 3 Next All
Rich with detail and provocatively argued, this study of the development of property rights in the world's fisheries tells the story of one industry's evolution and provides a useful illustration of the forces that shape economic institutions. The emergence of exclusive individual rights of access in the fishing industry began after the revolution in the international law of the sea that took place in the 1970s, when the offshore area controlled by a nation for fish and other resources expanded from 3 miles to 200 miles. Rögnvaldur Hannesson compares the subsequent development of private property rights in the fisheries to the historic enclosures and clearances of common land in England and Scotland and finds many parallels, including bitter fights over access rights and the impossibility of accommodating all those who want to stake a claim. Overall benefit to society in the form of increased efficiency, he points out, does not mean that all benefit equally. After tracing the development of the law of the sea since the sixteenth century, Hannesson considers what form property rights in fisheries might take and examines the forces behind the establishment of exclusive use rights to fish. He argues that one form of exclusive use rights, individual transferable quotas (ITQs), best promotes efficiency in the use of fish resources. He presents case studies of ITQ development, ranging from successful establishment in Canada and New Zealand to failures in Chile and Norway to experiments with ITQs in Iceland and the United States. The development of economic institutions, he concludes, is an evolutionary process subject to contradictory influences.
A former presidential candidate who fled Belarus in 2011 and accused the authorities of torture was briefly detained upon returning to his country and ordered not to leave the capital.
Ales Mikhalevich, who had received political asylum in the Czech Republic, told RFE/RL by telephone that Belarusian border guards detained him on September 8 when he crossed the border from Lithuania on a train bound for Minsk.
His wife, Milena Mikhalevich, wrote on Facebook several hours later that her husband had been released but was told that he remains under investigation and was ordered not to leave the Belarusian capital.
Mikhalevich, 40, was one of several opposition figures who were arrested and charged with organizing mass riots after challenging authoritarian President Alyaksandr Lukashenka in a 2010 presidential election.
His return poses a challenge for Lukashenka, who is running for a new term in an October 11 election and has freed other opponents who were jailed after the 2010 vote.
Last month, Lukashenka pardoned former candidate Mikalay Statkevich and several other critics who were widely seen as political prisoners, a move apparently aimed at improving his image in the West ahead of the new election.
Mikhalevich told RFE/RL he was returning to Belarus to be with his family, adding that he felt that it was "the right time to come back."
Before his train reached the border, Mikhalevich wrote on Facebook that he had planned to return to Belarus once political prisoners were released. He predicted he would be detained but voiced hope that he would not be held for long.
"I am going to cross the border now. I know that I will be arrested because I remain a main suspect in the criminal case of 'the mass disorders in 2010,' which the investigative committee is reluctant to drop," Mikhalevich wrote.
In English, he wrote: "Hope finally to be with my family and free."
Mikhalevich's wife and two daughters live in Belarus.
Lukashenka has tolerated little dissent since he was first elected president of the former Soviet republic in 1994, becoming a pariah in the West while maintaining very close if often tense ties with Russia. He cracked down hard after the 2010 election.
After his release from custody in 2011, Mikhalevich said he had been tortured at the Belarusian KGB's pretrial detention center and that he refused to cooperate with the authorities.
He then fled to the Czech Republic, where he was granted political asylum. Belarusian prosecutors have put Mikhalevich on the international wanted list as he remained a suspect in the case.
Statkevich was the last 2010 candidate to be pardoned by Lukashenka, who said he was granting clemency "based on the principle of humanism."
Another 2010 candidate, Andrey Sannikau, was sentenced to five years in prison but released in 2012 after a pardon and received political asylum in Britain later that year.
Two other candidates in the 2010 vote received suspended sentences that barred them from politics.
Lukashenka, who has marginalized opponents and muzzled the media during his 21 years in power, is expected to easily win a new term. Western governments and rights groups say elections held under his rule have not been free and fair.
Rugby ball-shaped dwarf planet with two moons also has a ring around it and orbits in the outer solar system
A ring has been discovered around one of the dwarf planets that orbits the outer reaches of the solar system.
Until now, ring-like structures had only been found around the four outer planets – Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
“In 2014 we discovered that a very small body in the Centaurs region [an area of small celestial bodies between the asteroid belt and Neptune] had a ring and at that time it seemed to be a very weird thing,” explained Dr José Ortiz, whose group at the Instituto de Astrofísica de Andalucía in Granada made the discovery described in the journal Nature. “We didn't expect to find a ring around Haumea, but we were not too surprised either.”
Nasa probe spots mysterious shiny patches on dwarf planet Ceres Read more
Thousands of so-called Neptunian objects are located in the outer solar system. In 2006, it was revealed that some of them could be as large as Pluto, which led the International Astronomical Union to create the category of dwarf planets.
Haumea was recognised by the International Astronomical Union in 2008 and is one of five dwarf planets, alongside Pluto, Ceres, Eris and Makemake. They are located beyond Neptune – 50 times farther away from the sun than Earth.
Haumea, named after the Hawaiian goddess of childbirth, is unusual because of its elongated shape, comparable to a rugby ball, and its rapid rotation, spinning around once every 3.9 hours. Its diameter is approximately a third of the size of Earth's moon.
Evidence suggests huge ninth planet exists past Pluto at solar system's edge Read more
“Dwarf planets are unique by themselves but Haumea is even more special among them,” said Ortiz “It also has two moons, a large and a small one, and the larger one turns out to be in the same plane as the ring we found.”
On the streets of the DRC's capital, people are losing patience with both President Kabila and the opposition, as poverty and corruption spark nostalgia for the authoritarian Mobutu era
Dusk, and from the churchyard of Saint Alphonse came the plangent harmonies of one of the best known choral works of the Catholic church.
Under the lime trees, 30 men and women practised the 17th-century setting of Psalm 51 by Gregorio Allegri, accompanied by a recorder, a battered violin and distant sounds of traffic.
A few days before and the streets of Matete district, Kinshasa, had seen running battles between youths protesting the expiration of President Joseph Kabila's mandate, and security forces. More than 40 people had died across the city.
Now the sounds of conflict had gone away. The choir's Latin rose in volume. “Miserere mei, Deus,” they sang. “Have mercy upon me, O God.”
There has been little Christmas spirit in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) in recent weeks, and many appeals for divine clemency.
Officials and opposition politicians are locked in talks to defuse a potentially explosive situation. The government says that Kabila, president of the vast resource-rich central African state since 2001, has no desire to remain in power indefinitely.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Policemen sit on a monument at the central station, Kinshasa. Photograph: Robert Carrubba/Reuters
Elections have simply been postponed so the huge logistic and financial obstacles to holding polls can be overcome, perhaps in 2018, says Barnabé Kikaya, a presidential adviser.
However, the opposition has little confidence in such promises and, though the talks now look close to a deal, nothing has been signed.
“It's a power struggle, whether around a table or in the street,” said Valentin Mubake, a senior official of the UDPS, the main opposition party.
Kabila now appears to have won the first round of hostilities that followed the end of his second five-year term last week: he is constitutionally banned from seeking a third.
The authorities deployed tens of thousands of police and soldiers, with armoured vehicles guarding strategic points, and cut off social media. Snatch squads went house to house during the night, picking up agitators. Protesters blew whistles and waved red cards, but any gathering was rapidly broken up.
“The bullets were flying just outside. It's still very tense. But what can you expect? The people are angry. Even the graduates don't have jobs. Prices are rising all the time. People are hungry,” said Modibo Jamali, 56-year-old director of a school for disabled children in Matete.
Others complain of entrenched corruption at all levels, and predatory police. The Guardian's car was stopped in central Kinshasa by drunk, armed officers who stole money saved by the driver over months to pay for his three-year-old's back operation.
Despite the groundswell of popular anger, Kabila's grip on power remains strong. The security forces remain broadly loyal, and many ordinary people see the current opposition as part of the problem, not the solution.
“They are all robbers, looking out for themselves,” said a chef in one five-star hotel favoured by politicians and their relatives, where a cocktail costs $20 (£16) and the restaurant offers a $150 New Year's banquet.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Anti-Kabila demonstrators and UN peacekeepers last week. Photograph: Thomas Mukoya/Reuters
Observers say the rigid position of Étienne Tshisekedi, the 84-year-old leader of the UDPS, has helped marginalise his party. The most popular opposition politician, Moise Katumbi, a tycoon who owns a successful football club, fled DRC after receiving a jail sentence for minor charges of fraud – which supporters say are trumped up.
Katumbi is still overseas, where his efforts to rally western support have had some success, but he said last week that he was not planning on returning soon, for fear of prompting violence. “I am a man of peace,” he told the Guardian.
One result of the ongoing crisis is a wave of nostalgia among older generations for the era of Mobutu Sese Seko, who ruled DRC, which he named Zaire, from 1965 to 1997.
Mobutu, who was supported by the west during the cold war, was a brutal dictator who left a legacy of economic ruin and civil war, which lasted five years and killed an estimated 5 million people.
This is not what many remember, or choose now to recall.
“These days, Congolese people regret the passing of Mobutu because he unified the country, and he gave people dignity,” said Kambayi Bwatshia, a historian and analyst who served Mobutu briefly as a minister.
“He made Zaire known all over the world. Heads of state came here, the pope, too, the Congolese football team qualified for the World Cup. Since then, we have been in continual crisis and you can't help but say: if Mobutu had been here …” Bwatshia said.
The best known event was the Rumble in the Jungle: the world heavyweight boxing title bout in Kinshasa, in which Muhammad Ali beat George Foreman in 1974, which was hosted and paid for by Mobutu.
The fight took place in what is now the Tata-Raphaël stadium. On one side of its dilapidated concrete terraces is a new private football coaching school, offering lessons to those children whose parents can pay $40 each month. On the other side is a row of cheap bars and cafés, where beer costs a dollar for a litre bottle and former sportsmen remember better times.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Men exercise at Tata-Raphaël stadium in Kinshasa. Photograph: Eduardo Soteras/AFP/Getty Images
“Back in those days, the 70s and 80s, we had foreign coaches coming here. Imagine! Now all the good players go to Europe,” said Baby Nsimba, a former international footballer.
Yards away, Mami Alangi, who sells omelettes to patrons of the bars, smiled as she remembered Mobutu's helicopter landing on wasteland nearby for annual rallies in the stadium.
Where Concorde once flew: the story of President Mobutu's 'African Versailles' Read more
“They were good times. There were hospitals, schools that you could afford. Now, if I make enough to feed my family during the day, I'm happy,” Alangi, 41, said.
Analysts suggest three possible outcomes of the current crisis: that the instability is “transitional” and leads to process, which brings any new government domestic and international legitimacy; a massive and bloody, popular urban uprising to oust the president; or the slow collapse of the government as economic weakness, meddling by regional powers and international isolation undermine its authority. In this final scenario, rebellions in the restive east would play a key role in “hollowing out” the government. Militias there killed at least 34 civilians over the weekend.
“No ruler has fallen because of what happens in Kinshasa. Their resources are drained by the sheer effort of controlling the country, and then they topple,” said one Kinshasa-based western expert.
The district of Ngaliema is the other side of the capital from the stadium and the church of St Alphonse. The road across the city runs through Ngombe, the wealthy central area, then alongside the powerful narrow stream of the Congo river itself, muddy brown under the slate grey sky.
Ngaliema is on a hill, near the base of the feared Republican Guard, Kabila's praetorians. On the barracks wall is a badly painted picture of Laurent Kabila, the current president's father, and ruler from 1997 until his assassination in 2001. It shows the guerrilla commander raising an admonitory finger above the words: “Never betray the Congo”.
The local member of parliament in Ngaliema is the firebrand opposition leader Franck Diongo, who was arrested during the protests after a confused fracas with some Republican Guards. Hours after Diongo's detention, the neighbourhood was tense. Soldiers and policemen milled about the muddy lanes. A nervous patrol of United Nations peacekeepers sweated in an armoured truck. Crowds of angry teenagers gathered down narrow alleys flanked by low brick and tin homes.
The complaints came thick and fast. Few of the speakers could remember the civil war, let alone Mobutu.
“We've had enough,” Sylvain, 19. “Things have to change. I don't know how, or when. But it all has to change.”
CLOSE Video: Jeff Bezos announces plans for Blue Origin to expand to the Space Coast
On Sept. 15, 2015, at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Launch Complex 36, Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos unveiled plans to build and launch orbital rockets in Brevard County. Florida Gov. Rick Scott is seated at right. (Photo: Blue Origin)
Work to ready a dormant Cape Canaveral launch complex for flights of Blue Origin rockets would receive a $17 million boost from the state under Gov. Rick Scott's proposed $83.5 billion spending plan, unveiled Tuesday.
The governor's office said the budget for the 2017-18 fiscal year starting July 1 includes $34 million for launch complex improvements that "will help attract more commercial activity to the area."
Space Florida confirmed the total includes $17 million from the Florida Department of Transportation to help prepare Launch Complex 36, a state-run pad last used in 2005, into a site for Blue Origin's giant New Glenn orbital rockets. The company also plans to build an engine test stand, incorporating the adjacent Launch Complex 11.
Blue Origin, the private space firm started by Amazon.com's billionaire founder and CEO Jeff Bezos, will match the state's investment, resulting in the $34 million budget figure cited by the state.
Bezos and Scott in September 2015 visited Launch Complex 36 to announce Blue Origin's plans to build and launch rockets locally.
"The pad has stood silent for more than 10 years — too long," Bezos said then. "We can't wait to fix that."
By early next year, Blue Origin is expected to finish construction of a 750,000 square foot manufacturing facility at Kennedy Space Center's Exploration Park, which is managed by Space Florida.
There the company will build the stages for New Glenn rockets that will fly in two versions standing 270 feet and 313 feet tall, designed to launch astronauts and satellites.
State and local government agencies have pitched in $18 million to that project, including $10 million from the Department of Transportation and $8 million from the North Brevard Economic Development Zone.
In total, Blue Origin is expected to pump more than $200 million into the new facilities here.
The Department of Transportation for a number of years now has contributed roughly $20 million annually for space infrastructure, often requiring matching funds. Other beneficiaries have included Boeing, SpaceX and United Launch Alliance.
Blue Origin has flown multiple unmanned test flights of its suborbital New Shepard rockets in Texas, landing the vehicle's booster four times. The company hopes to launch the much larger New Glenn by the end of the decade, again with plans to recover and reuse boosters.
Gov. Scott's proposed budget includes a $19.5 million request for Space Florida, identical to the agency's current budget. The total includes $10 million for operations, a $7 million financing fund to help attract new business, $1.5 million to market space-related tourism and $1 million to continue a research and development partnership with Israel.
The state Legislature's 2017 session to debate and approve next year's budget begins in March in Tallahassee.
Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 or jdean@floridatoday.com. Follow him on Twitter at @flatoday_jdean and on Facebook at facebook.com/jamesdeanspace.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2jSE8aZ
Maybe it was an airline. Maybe it was the cable guy. At some point in your life, no matter what it was about, you used your Twitter account to complain about a company (possibly in the hope that they would see your anger and DM you an offer of free stuff).
Mike Huckabee is just like you! You are just like Mike Huckabee! He complains about cable service online, too!
Is @comcast the United AL version of cable/internet/phone? Has anyone else had DEPLORABLE dealings with @comcast? #tincans&string — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) April 17, 2017
By the time @comcast shows up to fix THEIR problems after they missed THEIR appt today, my 5 year old grandson will be graduating from college. — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) April 17, 2017
Mafia better service than @comcast Sure they shoot you, but it's over with and they don't charge you for the bullet. — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) April 17, 2017
How bad is @comcast service? I'd rather have Obama back as President than have Comcast. — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) April 17, 2017
Yes, you read that right: Huckabee prefers former President Barack Obama to Comcast, and you know how he feels about Obama.
UPDATE — 3:18 p.m. EST:
Like we said, people tend to do this sort of thing publicly online so they can get a response from the image-conscious company.
@GovMikeHuckabee I'd be happy to assist with your account concerns. Please send me a DM with your address or phone # to get started. – SL — ComcastCares (@comcastcares) April 17, 2017
And it works!
[image: screengrab]
Lindsey: Twitter. Facebook.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Lovecraft Must Die! Part 2 of 2
“Now that time has given us some perspective on his work, I think it is beyond doubt that H.P. Lovecraft has yet to be surpassed as the Twentieth Century's greatest practitioner of the classic horror tale.”
–Stephen King
It's doubtful that anyone who comes to this site will be unfamiliar with the works of H.P. Lovecraft in some shape or form. Sometimes finding out how someone came to know Lovecraft's work is a hilarious experience. For example, I got my first taste of the master of the bleak and macabre universe of hovering dread through the Saturday morning children's cartoon The Real Ghostbusters (“The Collect Call of Cthulhu”). Lovecraft's writings, and sometimes more specifically his “Cthulhu Mythos,” have inspired a wide dearth of popular culture from metal bands to big budget movies. How does a marginal pulp horror writer so thoroughly infiltrate the mainstream?
It's because he brought something new to the table. He brought new perspectives to an art. He used the trappings of stories we're all used to; the Gothic romance, the ghost story, the horror tale, but he infused it with a kind of stolid, almost scientific, realism that was hard to shake. He was all about building atmosphere, and his goal was always to make the reader unsure of the reality of the tale they were reading. He used cutting edge science of the time, oft-times invoking a sort of proto-quantum physics along with ancient magical rites to make fantastic events seem plausible. He mixed real places in with imaginary ones to give his settings a sense of the real. When he did make something up from whole cloth, he gave it a fictional pedigree which mixed fantasy and reality so well that even to this day there are people who aren't sure of what's fact and what's fiction. A perfect example of this is the infamous and dread tome, The Necronomicon. Yes, it's fake. His monsters masqueraded as gods, but were really strange aliens that descended to Earth in pre-history, creatures beholden to a science so ancient and advanced that it appears to be magic.
“The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.”
–H.P. Lovecraft
His sense of horror was not only in the physical terror that these beings represented, not in mankind's fear of falling prey to a single beast, but of falling prey to the yawning apathy of the universe. Cthulhu's tentacular madness is one thing, but the true villain was Lovecraft's fictional outlook on the universe; the belief that there are powers far greater than mankind that would never even notice as they swept through the void, destroying solar systems in primal, idiotic serenity. Just to show the scale of even the basest manifestations of the Old Ones—Lovecraft's term for his banished or dead, but dreaming ancient entities—he writes “Great Cthulhu is Their cousin, yet can he spy Them only dimly.” In his brilliant essay Supernatural Horror in Literature Lovecraft describes his philosophy behind the weird tale: “The true weird tale has something more than secret murder, bloody bones, or a sheeted form clanking chains according to rule. A certain atmosphere of breathless and unexplainable dread of outer, unknown forces must be present; and there must be a hint, expressed with a seriousness and portentousness becoming its subject, of that most terrible conception of the human brain–a malign and particular suspension or defeat of those fixed laws of Nature which are our only safeguard against the assaults of chaos and the daemons of unplumbed space.”
Many will attempt to discredit Lovecraft's obvious talent in two ways. One: his overwrought prose. The man loved adjectives, often piling them up, one right after another in a single sentence. What a reader must remember in regards to Lovecraft's writing is that above plot, above characters, he's attempting to build atmosphere. Every sentence serves to build upon the lurking, incomprehensible dread of pulling back the curtain upon things man was not meant to know. The second is to invoke his racism. This is something many Lovecraftians will scramble to apologize for, and is something that's impossible to apologize for. He was, indeed, racist. It's striking, though, that such an understandably intelligent person would fall prey to such ignorant ideas; but remember that he was writing during a time when the “science” of eugenics in America was all but “proving” that some races were inferior to others. In fact, America's eugenics program was considered so effective that it was later adopted by Nazi Germany. Still, there's no excuse for any right thinking person to have racist beliefs, and his fear of the alien, of the different and of the strange play to good effect in his stories. An idiotic personal belief system shouldn't detract from a person's body of work. However, I do feel compelled to mention that as he grew older, and perhaps more wise, his view towards different races began to soften, and became a more cultural bias over a biological one.
So, did Lovecraft need to die in order to have Lovecraft's works live forever? Probably not, though there's no way to know for sure. Regardless, in the end, in death Lovecraft gave us works that would go on and influence generation after generation of writers, artists and filmmakers.
__________________________________________
Never read any Lovecraft? Here are a few stories to get you started:
“The Shadow Over Innsmouth”
“The Dunwich Horror”
“The Call of Cthulhu”
“The Whisperer in the Darkness”
“The Rats in the Walls”
Collaborations:
“The Horror at Martin's Beach” w/Sonia Greene (Quite possibly one of the weirdest tales I've ever read)
“The Curse of Yig” w/Zealiah Bishop
If Lovecraft's prose is something that you find difficult to navigate, I've found that his work adapts very well to audio book. Try The Dark Worlds of H.P. Lovecraft audio book series, they're pretty amazing.
Want to learn more about Lovecraft, his stories, and his life? Try the H.P. Lovecraft Literary Podcast.
~
You can follow Tim on Twitter via @timx13.
New reports surrounding the Obama Administration's treatment of NSA privacy requirements show that 2011 efforts supposedly meant to fight terror, which dramatically broadened the ability of NSA employees to identify Americans “accidentally” swept up in surveillance. This, in turn, made the NSA's accidental data a political hacker's dream.
The new rules both dramatically increased the number of people legally allowed to identify the Americans and the details swept up, and also gave way to a policy in which White House aides, including political ones, were routinely given access to the “intelligence reports” containing that information.
We don't know, and likely will never know, the extent to which this was abused, but those familiar with the situation say that direct intercepts of politically significant Americans were routinely included in those intelligence reports, either directly naming the person in question, or offering such specific descriptions as to make it immediately apparent who was being referenced.
This was the sort of thing that not only is the NSA forbidden by law from doing, but which they repeatedly assured, in the wake of the Snowden leaks, wasn't even possible as an abuse of power. Increasingly, however, the rule changes made this business as usual.
More details on the scope of this, at least in some specific cases, are likely to be offered to Congressional committees soon in the course of House and Senate investigations into allegations of Trump campaign contacts with Russia, as the NSA's substantial logs of data on this will be sought both as evidence of the allegations, and as proof that US spy agencies were indeed operating against the campaign during the lead-up to the election.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
By Marc Levy
Wednesday, October 31, 2012
Last revised on: Wednesday, January 16, 2013
Harvard Square just got its own (nearly) too-cute-for-words dancing flashmob marriage proposal.
Brookline residents Rosana Gambino and Jerilyn Sawyer were in town Sunday to take a Harvard Square Ghost Tour on a Groupon. “She loves Halloween,” Gambino said of her partner. In fact, their first date was a ghost tour in Newport, R.I.
Thinking the tour would be a perfect time to propose, Gambino long ago convinced family members to join in the Groupon and come along — then went about recruiting dancers from among the troupes at her school, Northeastern, and the help of choreographer friend Briana Tartaglione and DJ Leah V, who spins at Zuzu in Central Square on Tuesdays. She cut a track for the dancers, brought a truck with speakers and even supplied a friend who could work a video camera.
Rehearsals went throughout October, Gambino said, and about 15 dancers wound up participating — first trickling out onto the brick sidewalk outside the First Parish Church by the Old Burial Ground as though to entertain Gambino and Sawyer while they waited for the tour to start. The video, which starts just as the dancing does, shows one dancer, then three and then a half-dozen, gaining steam and numbers before at about two and a half minutes in, Gambino leaves Sawyer's side and joins them in the performance.
The couple had been bickering that day, and Gambino said she was incredibly nervous to step out and start dancing, let alone to propose.
Not helping matters: “My mother and I turn to look at Jerilyn's expression to see if she is intrigued by the beginnings of a flashmob,” Gambino recounted in a blog post. “The only look on her face is … disinterested.”
Nonetheless, Gambino joined the flashmob and, as DJ Leah V segued to Bruno Mars' “Marry You,” at about three minutes, 20 seconds in, dropped to one knee on Sandy-soaked sidewalk and actually proposed. Sawyer leaned down and kissed her as some 30 family members and passers-by applauded. Later, the group went to First Printer Restaurant for a celebratory meal.
The dancing, flashmob marriage proposal isn't unique. Even using “Marry You” as part of it isn't. The trend got attention from The New York Times this summer, in an item by Ji Hyun Lee that teeters between anthropological and romantic:
A certain breed of men, and some women, look upon marriage proposals not as an intimate moment between two people, but as an opportunity for a very public, and recordable, display of affection. … when flash mobs come crashing, with swoon-worthy tunes like Bruno Mars's “Marry You” and choreographed routines by dancers who quickly assemble and just as quickly disperse, the sum is quite often a cinematic moment that is fleeting but everlasting. Even hard-core cynics can be left feeling a little choked up.
But for Gambino, who said she met Berklee College of Music student Sawyer about a year ago and moved in with her six months ago, it doesn't even seem to be a question. “Why” isn't an entry on the blog she started to record her thoughts and progress in proposing. (It does include a shout-out for the tour that provided the backdrop. “I spoke with the guy from the haunted tour we are going on that night and he was sooo happy,” Gambino wrote of author and tour organizer Sam Baltrusis. “Apparently they are very gay friendly, so go Cambridge Haunts!”)
If nothing else, it makes for a great story for Cambridge and the couple.
“She had no idea,” Gambino said of Sawyer, recalling the moment of the proposal. “She didn't even know why I started dancing. She just assumed I was being crazy and wanted to dance.”
“I'm down on one knee, asking the girl that changed my life to let me be in hers forever,” Gambino recalled. “I will never forget that moment and all of the people that made it possible. I honestly would not change one thing about that day and, luckily, neither would she.”
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally March 11 in St. Louis. (Seth Perlman/AP)
With recounts underway and President-elect Donald Trump alleging that Democrats benefited from illegal voting, the Nov. 8 election is under intense scrutiny. Although voter fraud in U.S. elections is extremely rare, Trump, Mike Pence and others have claimed during the campaign, during early voting and again this week that Trump might be the victim of voter fraud. Trump himself tweeted: “In addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.”
We have now completed an extensive study of voter fraud in the 2016 election. We have found no evidence that could support anything like Trump's accusations.
Here's what we did. First, we predicted Trump's county vote share in 2016 relative to Romney's in 2012. Our statistical model drew on a wide array of demographic factors — like the percent white, percent immigrant, percent without a college degree and so forth. Second, we estimated a similar model of Democratic turnout for Clinton in 2016 relative to Obama in 2012.
The statistical models provide a baseline explanation for how well Trump did in each county. The question, then, is where he may have done better or worse than these models would predict, and whether his over- or under-performance was in any way correlated with possible sources of fraud.
Non-citizens
One possibility is that the presence of non-citizens was associated with decreased support for Trump, as Trump himself intimated might happen. But we found no evidence of this. The graph below shows little relationship between the percent of non-citizens of voting age and unexpectedly high or low Trump support or Democratic turnout (in technical terms, the “residuals” from our regression models).
In both graphs the blue line capturing the relationship is basically flat. This is not consistent with a surge of non-citizens voting for Hillary Clinton. The purple line in each graph summarizes the relationship in battleground state counties in particular. Again, the lines are flat.
Dead people voting
Another claim was that some voters would cast ballots using registration records of deceased individuals. Trump even proclaimed that dead people will not vote for him.
If this had happened, then counties with the greatest number of recent deaths should have unusually small Trump vote shares and yet unusually large Democratic turnout. We gathered county death data from 1999-2014 from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to test this claim. The graphs below report the finding:
In fact, Trump does better in counties with a higher proportion of recently deceased people — as the upward-sloping blue lines show.
In other words, Trump's vote share is greater than expected — and Democratic turnout is lower than expected — in counties with larger deceased populations. Once again, this is inconsistent with the claim that voters impersonating dead people helped Clinton and hurt Trump.
Tampering from election officials
One interpretation of Trump's “rigged election” claim is that the officials who ran the election were biased against Trump. If so, then we might see odd shifts in whether Trump or Clinton was leading as the votes were being counted. For example, perhaps the count in one county would suddenly shift in Clinton's favor as corrupt election officials started rigging things.
Over the course of election night, the Associated Press (AP) gathered county-level election returns from all counties. We subscribed to the AP results feed for the presidential election. So, for counties across the United States, we got to observe how vote counts changed over the hours. We studied 3,111 total counties and have 15,796 separate measures of county votes during the counting process.
We find only 251 instances (1.6 percent of the total) where the vote leader in a county “flipped” from Trump to Clinton or from Clinton to Trump as the votes were being counted. The majority, 163, were in safe states.
If we focus only on counties that flipped toward the end of the counting process — exactly when you might think these corrupt officials would step in — there were 84 such flips, 24 in battleground states and 60 in safe states. Altogether these flips represented a net gain of 41,388 votes for Trump (and 33,165 votes in battleground states). In battleground states, only 12 flips were from Clinton to Trump
In other words, this is the opposite of what we would expect if the results were rigged against Trump.
Moreover, none of these flips would have decided the winner in a state. In two states that Trump won — Florida and Pennsylvania — flips only increased his lead. In Arizona, Michigan, New Hampshire, Virginia and Wisconsin, flips decreased Trump's margin but never by more than 6,833 votes.
Of course, our findings do not imply that there was no fraud at all in the 2016 presidential contest, nor do they imply that this contest was error-free. More refined data would be necessary to fully investigate claims of large-scale voter fraud.
Our findings do strongly suggest, however, that voter fraud concerns fomented by the Trump campaign are not grounded in any observable features of the 2016 presidential election. There is no evidence of millions of fraudulent votes.
David Cottrell is a postdoctoral fellow in the Program in Quantitative Social Science at Dartmouth College. Michael C. Herron is a visiting scholar at the Hertie School of Governance, and professor of government at Dartmouth College. Sean J. Westwood is an assistant professor of government at Dartmouth College.
NEW YORK — Amazon is giving new details on its Prime Air drone delivery program. But the timeline is still unclear.
The retailer says Prime Air will one day deliver packages up to 5 pounds in 30 minutes or less using small drones.
The drones will fly under 400 feet and weigh less than 55 pounds, according to details posted on its website Sunday. It says it will use technology and automation to operate safely.
Seattle-based Amazon.com Inc. said Monday the program will start once government regulations are in place to support it. It has development centers in the U.S., the U.K. and Israel.
Monday also marked the release of an Amazon-produced video that showed how its Prime Air drone delivery could work. In the video, "Top Gear" star Jeremy Clarkson offers a situation where a dog has chewed up a child's soccer cleat.
In comes Amazon's Prime Air to the rescue.
This video may not be viewable on this device.
Clarkson explains that eventually the drones will be able to avoid obstacles and travel as far as 15 miles. The drone then lowers to the ground, drops off the package on an "A" marked in the family's yard.
The FAA currently bans commercial drone flights except for a few dozen companies that have been granted waivers. It has granted Amazon approval to fly drones for research.
The judge in suspended Sen. Mike Duffy's criminal trial appeared to be losing patience Friday with the defence's long-running cross-examination of the prosecution's first witness.
Judge Charles Vaillancourt urged lawyer Donald Bayne to get to the point in questioning Mark Audcent, the retired Senate law clerk on the stand for a third day in Duffy's trial on charges of fraud, bribery and breach of trust.
Just one hour of Audcent testimony was in response to deputy Crown attorney Mark Holmes, who had him lay out the factors he considers important in deciding what province a person lives in — a key question for charges related to Duffy's claims to be a resident of Prince Edward Island.
For the rest of the time, he has attempted to answer detailed questioning by Duffy's lawyer about the precise wording of the Senate's written rules.
At one point Friday, Holmes rose to ask how much longer Bayne planned to read a document and have Audcent agree with what the document said.
“Unless the point of this is to evaluate Mr. Audcent's reading abilities, I fail to see what the importance of this is,” Holmes said.
The judge allowed Bayne to continue, though expressing some frustration.
Unless the point of this is to evaluate Mr. Audcent's reading abilities, I fail to see what the importance of this is
Bayne's cross-examination of Audcent stopped Thursday afternoon with ongoing questions about what the limits are on a senator using Senate-funded travel for partisan political purposes. He showed the retired lawyer document after document that said partisan-oriented travel is allowed but none that put any clear limits on it other than whatever budgets allow.
If Bayne finishes with Audcent, the Crown is expected to call Sonia Makhlouf to talk about a different part of Duffy's Senate business: his securing several contracts for his friend Gerry Donohue, which the Crown alleges was against the rules. Makhlouf works in the permanent Senate office that handles the paperwork on these arrangements at senators' request.
– –
Note: An earlier headline for this article gave the impression Judge Vaillancourt said “I fail to see what the importance of this is,” in reference to questioning of a witness by the defence. It was, in fact, Crown attorney Mark Holmes who said those words. The headline has been amended for greater clarity.
Legendary comedian Dick Gregory, who maintained a busy role as an activist, died Saturday, Aug. 19. He was 84. (Reuters)
Dick Gregory spent his life as a comedian and an uncompromising advocate for a variety of causes, including civil rights and healthier living. As news spread of his death on Saturday at 84, fellow entertainers and activists took to social media to offer tributes.
“He taught us how to laugh. He taught us how to fight. He taught us how to live,” the Rev. Jesse Jackson tweeted. “Dick Gregory was committed to justice. I miss him already.”
“We lost a king,” Chris Rock posted on Instagram. “They'll never be another. Read his books. Look him up you won't be disappointed. Unfortunately the America that produced Dick Gregory still exists. Rest In Peace Dick Gregory my hero.”
[Dick Gregory, cutting-edge satirist and uncompromising activist, dies at 84]
Larry Wilmore tweeted, “What you did for comedy can't ever be equalled.”
Other comedians also posted appreciations:
Dick Gregory is even more powerful and engaging now..Can you hear him? "Stay woke" in his spirit learn the 84 chapters! — Paul Mooney (@PaulEalyMooney) August 20, 2017
#ripdickgregory. True legend,trailblazing comedian and outspoken leader of the causes, advocate for better nutrition in black communities. He was tough on me (my character in Barbershop) and anybody he felt offended the culture. I appreciated him for that, helped me see things another way. Rest In Peace sir. A post shared by Cedric The Entertainer (@cedtheentertainer) on Aug 19, 2017 at 8:40pm PDT
Tony Rock wrote that Gregory “was the comic that made me realize we most definitely have a responsibility to those coming behind us. We owe. Your career and what you stand for in it will be the example for others to follow.”
Gregory “changed my life,” Orlando Jones tweeted, adding that he won a debate championship performing Gregory's autobiography. “He was a pioneer & true genius.”
“RIP Dick Gregory, one of the bravest, most unapologetic comedians in history,” Neal Brennan tweeted. “May we all live a life as interesting and principled as he.”
Dick Gregory, Truth teller, make you fall on your face laughing Comedian, health man before it was cool & crazy expensive unapologetic — Whoopi Goldberg (@WhoopiGoldberg) August 20, 2017
Rest n Peace Dick Gregory. Warrior, soldier, revolutionary….Your voice will be missed in this troubled world. — David Alan Grier (@davidalangrier) August 20, 2017
His was one of my biggest influences. I hope to be as funny now as he was at 84. Walked it like he joked it. #RIPhttps://t.co/9GWmYV9AUD — W. Kamau Bell (@wkamaubell) August 20, 2017
RIP Dick Gregory who has been turned loose. Study this master artist, activist & servant of humanity. See @TurnMeLoosePlay. Read his books. pic.twitter.com/hdaOq3cylK — Baratunde (@baratunde) August 20, 2017
#DickGregory was a planet of a person whose gravitational effect on comedy was so massive and all-encompassing it still can't be measured. https://t.co/0bvFHSBK86 — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) August 20, 2017
RIP Dick Gregory. Great comedian. Great American. — Jim Gaffigan (@JimGaffigan) August 20, 2017
"Racists never leave town. They just go underground." – Dick Gregory (how right u were) RIP https://t.co/3YXMupNWYG — Adam McKay (@GhostPanther) August 20, 2017
Celebrities across the entertainment industry wrote about Gregory's influence on them.
[Read Dick Gregory's old jokes. You'll see why they still resonate decades later.]
“Selma” and “13th” director Ava DuVernay tweeted an image of Gregory's recent birthday message, in which he wrote, “I know I will not be here forever, nor do I desire to be. I have seen progress like most cannot appreciate because they were not there to bear witness.”
You taught us and loved us. Thank you, #DickGregory. pic.twitter.com/uYytZ3PIKy — Ava DuVernay (@ava) August 20, 2017
RIP Dick Gregory, A 5-Star General in The War for Human Rights!! Glad to have been in your sphere. — Samuel L. Jackson (@SamuelLJackson) August 20, 2017
Dick Gregory was a friend and a great inspiration for my entire life ,his energy is now absorbed back into the whole he lives thru us — Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH) August 20, 2017
Dick Gregory lived an amazing, revolutionary life. A groundbreaker in comedy and a voice for justice. RIP — John Legend (@johnlegend) August 20, 2017
Comedian Dick Gregory always told it like it is. Our laughter was fuel to fight for justice in an unjust world. RIP 1932-2017 pic.twitter.com/wpbdEkvny1 — Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) August 20, 2017
Civil rights organizations and activists highlighted Gregory's advocacy work, particularly during the civil rights era.
He provoked us to think and to change. And he made us laugh, too. Rest, our dear elder, #DickGregory. pic.twitter.com/LxSgYMhI8K — The King Center (@TheKingCenter) August 20, 2017
Was literally just telling my family last night about my experience meeting Dick Gregory in DC. RIP to a legendary freedom fighter https://t.co/dr4iLYoBqU — Bree Newsome (@BreeNewsome) August 20, 2017
Jane O'Meara Sanders, wife of Sen. Bernie Sanders, tweeted that Gregory and her husband “spent the night in jail together for protesting Chicago segregated schools in the 60s.”
#DickGregory as a civil rights icon, comic genius, & provocateur, challenged not only what we thought was funny but how we thought.@EBONYMag pic.twitter.com/rfbtPHhdrQ — Cornell Wm. Brooks (@CornellWBrooks) August 20, 2017
Born October 12, 1932, in St. Louis, MO., we celebrate the life and work of comedian and activist Dick Gregory. #RIPDickGregory pic.twitter.com/yc6KeGfjLW — The Crisis Magazine (@thecrisismag) August 20, 2017
Hero Class
Hero is finally arriving to PSO2 on July 26th. This class utilizes Swords, Twin Machine Guns, and Talises, and can switch between them on the fly with special PAs. You can learn more about Heroes in our preview post.
Story Quest
Episode 5 doesn't utilize concepts like Story Boards and Matter Boards from previous updates. Instead, the story will be accessed in a much simpler manner with quests focusing on action and “quests” focusing on events. The story can be initiated either from the Bridge or Quest Counter. You can even select the difficulty with [Easy] or [Normal].
The story centers around a black hole that is expanding at an alarming rate. Fearing for the worst that the entire universe will get sucked in, our heroes head to Omega, a “dream” derived of the Akashic Record.
Omnibus Quests
Omnibus Quests are a reconstruction of the stories from Episode 1 through Episode 3. The quests can be initiated from Alma who will provide commentary to the various events. Players both new and old can enjoy this feature as there might be some discoveries left to learn.
Omnibus Quests will start with Episode 1, with plans to release the remaining episodes in the future.
Beach Wars 2017
The 2017 iteration of Beach Wars will have Aratron appear in an Emergency Trial. Speaking of which, Aratron Phemut and Gal Gryphon will appear as bosses within the quest.
Beach Wars will also have its own Collection File with the new [Fornis Gennes] knuckles. Other Fornis weapons will cover Assault Rifle and Rod. The ★13 partisan [Grandia] will appear as a drop in the quest.
Other Changes
Lobby Changes
Shirona is finally getting a counter in the lobby.
Some NPC locations will change.
Fine-Tuned Accessory Adjustment
The slider has been upgraded for a more fine tuned placement of accessories.
Accessory Stacking
You can now stack the same accessory up to 4 times!
Aesthetic Ticket Account Sharing
Using the same ticket twice will enable that product to be used on the entire account. This will also apply if you registered the same accessory to different characters prior to Episode 5.
(They did not specify the entire scope of items that fall under this rule, but we do know that Accessory Tickets were heavily implied.)
Multi-Block Quest Matching
You can now match up with players from different blocks. This is an optional feature that can be chosen prior to starting the quest.
Material Storage
This storage box only allows items classified under “Materials” and “Order Items.” You can transfer these kinds of items from your Item Pack to the Material Storage. This feature is an AC service costing 1,500 for 30 days, and 3,600 for 90 days.
Client Order Adjustments
Relaxed Koffie's Field unlocking Orders
Relaxed the conditions for Skill Point Client Orders. RNG/EQ enemies will be replaced with Free Field enemies.
Revelle will receive new ESCA-Darker orders.
Hans and Revelle orders will see some improvements.
Effort Symbol Hero
An Effort Symbol ring will be added for Hero. You'll need to collect “Hr Materials” from [Solo Training: Bounds of Corruption] to create this ring.
Recycle Shop Access
The Recycle Shop can now be accessed from the Camp Ship.
My Set Expansion
Added 3 more My Set slots to the Class Counter
More items to the Exchange Shop
Trade in [Episode Zero Memory] for Gettemhart and Melphonsina layered wear and hairstyles.
Trade in [Weapono! Memory] for PSO2es comic related items.
Legendary Heroes AC Scratch
This scratch contains hero themed layeredwear and accessories.
Outfits for summoners from the land of Cuent will also appear.
This time we'll have cast parts from the Vodham series and Croire series.
Sam and Rachelle go over the biggest news in drug policy and Tyler dives into the history of medical marijuana in Arizona. Damon Barrett, Co-Director of the International Centre on Human Rights and Drug Policy, and Natalie Ginsberg, Policy and Advocacy Director at MAPS, join Sarah for a discussion on human rights and drug policy. News Updates:
Headlines:
Forecast:
Sponsor:
Drug History:
Call to Action:
Ask your representatives how current drug policies protect children and check out these articles The Case for International Guidelines on Human Rights and Drug Control The Child's Right to Protection From Drugs: Understanding Its History to Move Forward
Work on getting Good Samaritan/medical amnesty policies at the campus and local levels
Music Credits:
Intro: Dance for Sport by the2ba
Transition: the portland drones (unreleased) by Meese Patrol
Transition: gotta nuke something (unreleased) by Meese Patrol
Outro: The Plight by The Maya Spectra
Like what we do? Help pay our bills.
Cancer is a word that conjures up many images. It is a varied disease that affects many people and can leave families distraught. There are fortunately treatments for a large number of these cancers, which work by restricting tumour growth and inducing cell death. However, there are cancers which pose more of a challenge, and so finding new drugs that can fight these becomes even more important.
The methods for discovering and developing new drugs, or chemotherapies, simply fall into two camps. The more recent approach has been the design of drugs with a particular molecular target in mind. This is arguably best exemplified by the drug imatinib, notably used to eat leukaemia. After scientists understood that the BCR-ABL hybrid gene was the cause of a certain type of leukaemia it allowed them to develop pharmacological ways to specifically counteract it – by inhibiting the signals inside the cancer cell used to grow and divide. The drug that was born to much fanfare and arguably revolutionised drug development.
Continued improvements in the understanding of the mechanisms inside cells that are hijacked by cancer have helped to improve the way that compounds are designed and then tested clinically. Those that are able to restore the normal function of the signalling pathways disrupted by cancer are an attractive target for drug development.
At least three major pharmaceutical players are in a fight to negate the cancer-supporting action of AKT, for example. This protein kinase – a key regulator of cell function – is a central player in determining cell proliferation and growth, and is intimately linked with a number of other cell communications systems that all work in unison to support a cancer developing. Its level is over-expressed in a number of cancers, and is linked to a poorer prognosis. Consequently, therapeutic interventions to counteract its effects are particularly attractive and potentially lucrative.
Isolating the compound
It was however, never like this. Before the mystery of cancer was opened up, drug discovery was empirical in nature. Through antiquity, a range of flora were said to cure ailments and, using these anecdotes as guides, active ingredients have been extracted, purified and improved. This has been successful, and a number of drugs now form normal members of the pharmacopeia, including aspirin, which was isolated from the white willow, and less familiar anti-cancer drugs such as etoposide, irinotecan and taxol, which were derived from mayapples, camptotheca trees and Pacific yews. There is no doubt of their value in treatment and they've been used successfully for over 40 years.
Then there is the cannabis plant. The putative medicinal property of cannabis has been known for some time; indeed, history records show they were used to easing symptoms of gout, malaria and even childbirth. However, the fundamental issue with using cannabis in its whole form as a medicine is its psychoactive properties, so it would make sense to identify the important anti-cancer parts and remove the psychoactive components. Cannabinoids are these. They number around 80, with cannabidiol (CBD) and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) the two lead medicinal candidates. However, unlike the mayapple and Pacific yew, their development has been seriously curtailed.
It's likely that the widespread use of cannabis as a recreational drug has affected research into the potential in cannabis – and the result was death by association. I wonder how the early development of CBD and THC would have progressed if it was known by any other name.
Chequered pasts
Drugs with chequered pasts have found redemption; take the thalidomide story. This drug was infamously linked to babies born with deformations; however, serendipitous observations of improvements in leprosy in a patient taking thalidomide in 1965 led to the discovery that it also had important effects on the immune system. Refinements to the chemistry of the drug were made and the result was a new family of drugs that are valuable tools in anti-cancer research and treatment.
The story emphasises the point that medicinal potential of drugs should be seen objectively and guided scientifically. Cannabinoids and cannabis are not the same thing – it's just that cannabinoids are derived from cannabis. Cannabinoids possess anti-cancer properties, which they achieve through their fundamental interactions with proteins embedded in the signalling pathways in cells that are now seen as particularly interesting for research.
In addition to this direct anti-cancer action, cannabinoids also have the capacity to disrupt the ability of cancer to feed itself by a process called angiogenesis as well as being able to modulate the immune system to make it more hostile towards cancer. Furthermore, CBD and THC appear to support the activity and efficacy of other chemotherapy drugs. Indeed, we recently showed that the cancer-killing property of radiotherapy was dramatically enhanced when cannabinoids were used in combination with this treatment – certain forms of brain cancer were reduced to sizes that were difficult to detect. Taken together, all of these features show a profile with great anti-cancer potential.
However slow things have been, a sea-change has been occurring; there is a palpable sense that legislators are becoming open to the scientific evidence that suggests cannabinoids may possess medicinal quality. Clinical trials using various forms of cannabinoids are now taking place in a number of countries, and we all await the results of these studies.
I hope to be able to change the answer that I give to patients who contact me to ask: “do you think I should be using cannabinoids for my cancer?” from the negative to the affirmative. My frustrating answer has always been it is too early to say, as promising laboratory data has not yet been confirmed by objective clinical studies. This is not a criticism of the drug development system, as convincing clinical trials are needed to ensure patients are given drugs that have been thoroughly tested to ensure the best chance of them fighting their disease.
The flip side of those who passionately shout for the “legalisation of cannabis” is that their call may inadvertently hamper the medical development of cannabinoids, which is a shame. My aim is to deliver a drug that can be used in patients with cancer. And for a headache, no one would suggest you chew on a white willow plant, especially when you could be taking an aspirin. The same is true of cannabis and cannabinoids.
Cape Town - The Springboks have suffered an injury setback with news that prop Frans Malherbe is set to miss Saturday's Rugby Championship opener against Argentina in Port Elizabeth.
Team doctor Konrad von Hagen told Netwerk24 that Malherbe has been complaining about a sore neck since last Thursday.
The player will undergo further tests but is unlikely to be available for Saturday's Test against Los Pumas.
Malherbe's absence will leave the Boks in a spot of bother at tighthead, as Ruan Dreyer, who will soon become a father, is not with the squad.
This means Coenie Oosthuizen and Trevor Nyakane, who both previously played loosehead prop, could be required to start at tighthead.
The other front-rankers in the Springbok squad - Steven Kitshoff, Tendai Mtawarira and Lizo Gqoboka - are all looseheads.
The crisis at tighthead could prompt coach Allister Coetzee to call-up Stormers tighthead Wilco Louw, who featured for the SA ‘A' side in the two-game series against the French Barbarians in June.
Meanwhile, scrumhalf Ross Cronje faces a fitness test as he is still recovering from shoulder and chest injuries sustained in the Super Rugby final.
Flyhalf Handre Pollard is making progress in his recovery from an ankle injury, but will not be considered this weekend.
Saturday's Test at Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium is scheduled for 17:05.
When you think of locations for penguins, Antarctica is probably your first guess. If you know a bit more about penguins, you might point to Patagonia or even down my way, where the Fairy Penguins live at Phillip Island. However I would very much hope that you wouldn't predict that they could be making their way as far north as Bahia, one of the 26 states of Brazil.
According to Brazilian wildlife authorities on Wednesday, penguins have been “washing up” in far greater numbers this year in areas like Rio de Janeiro, where they are common, but not normally in these numbers.
“This is unheard of. There have even been reports of penguins washing up as far as Aracaju,” said Adelson Cerqueira Silva of the federal environmental agency.
The capital of Bahia is Salvador, which resides just over 2,000 kilometers from the equator. No one is really 100% certain why the penguins are making it this far, but most experts believe that overfishing has extended the distance that penguins must swim to find food.
However not all of them are arriving under their own power, as the oft-used term “washing up” would signify. Many arrive dead, and many more injured. “We're telling people if the penguins don't appear to be injured or sick to leave them alone so they can swim back,” Silva said in telephone interview from the Bahia state capital of Salvador. But a swamped triage center has been caring for the injured birds that are brought in.
This is not the first time that penguins have washed up this far from home. We are however seeing the greatest quantity wash up than ever before. P. Dee Boersma, a conservation biologist at the University of Washington who works with penguins in Argentina, noted that “The last time that you got a lot of penguins was in 2000, mostly in Rio but some further north. That year the sea surface temperature was a degree lower than the 30 year average so the penguins just keep swimming in search of food without noticing where they're going.”
So note this down as example #1478 why humans were a bad idea for planet Earth.
Source
credit: borges, at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Stephen Colbert just took the Between Two Ferns joke to the next level. As lead-up to his September 8 kickoff of The Late Show, Colbert trekked to Monroe, Michigan to take over the city's public access talk show Only in Monroe. The 40-minute broadcast is lo-fi, high-comedy television. The highlights include:
- The story of how James Monroe founded the city to promote Jimmy Monroe's Jacked Jalapeño Lard on a Hard Task Biscuit.
- A nail painting break.
- A look into the "vicious Internet flame war" between Monroe's Frenchtown Bar & Grill and Yelper "Mark M."
- Eminem (around to promote Southpaw) singing Bob Seger "Against The Wind."
Can every episode of The Late Show end with a hip-hop artist reading a local event calendar? Please?
Watch the whole show below. Then catch up with more Colbert antics, including his marriage equality reaction, Donald Trump spoof, and epic shaving video. We are very much ready for this man to return to our televisions.
[h/t Digg
Story highlights West takes aim at Facebook, Google and the media; he performs two songs for Sacramento crowd
He asks Jay-Z to call him to talk "like a man;" Ticketmaster to give full refund
New York (CNN) Kanye West left thousands of his California fans disappointed this weekend, cutting one show short and canceling another.
On Saturday night the singer cut his Sacramento show short, performing only two songs and engaging in a long rant about politics, the media and Beyonce and Jay-Z.
Ticketmaster announced Sunday that it would give a full refund to those who bought tickets to the Saturday show through its network. "We understand that last night's show was cut short," they wrote to ticket holders.
Tonight's show has been cancelled. Refunds at point of purchase. — The Forum (@theforum) November 21, 2016
On Sunday, hours before he was due to take the stage for a concert at The Forum in Inglewood, California, the venue and Ticketmaster announced the show had been canceled and refunds were to be given.
Kanye West fans who attended Saturday night's show in Sacramento received this email on Sunday
The Golden 1 Center, where the Saturday concert took place, has a 17,500 capacity, according to its website. Tickets to West's other shows in California range in price from $26 to $135.
Read More
Two convicted criminals, one of them still serving time, have been awarded Queen's Diamond Jubilee medals by a Conservative MP.
Linda Gibbons, a grandmother who has spent 10 years on and off in prison for violating injunctions in front of abortion clinics, and Mary Wagner, who is in jail in Toronto charged with mischief and breaching court orders at abortion clinics, have both received the special medals that commemorate the Queen's 60 years on the throne.
Conservative MP Maurice Vellacott, shown in the House of Commons in 2006, recommended a Diamond Jubilee medal for a repeat offender jailed for harassing women seeking abortions. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
Both women were nominated by Conservative Saskatchewan MP Maurice Vellacott, who has compared them to the American civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr.
There will be 60,000 Queen's Diamond Jubilee medals handed out this year. The medals are bestowed through the Governor General's Chancellery of Honours office, which accepts nominations from partner organizations, including MPs, senators and provincial premiers. MPs are allowed to give out 30 medals each.
When asked if having a criminal record or being incarcerated would be a bar to receiving a medal, the Governor General's office said in an email today, "All of the individuals and organizations who are partners of the medal program, including members of Parliament, are expected to establish their own selection process to nominate Canadians for the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal, and to choose responsibly."
Justice Minister Rob Nicholson, at a press conference promoting tougher youth criminal justice laws, seemed genuinely stunned by a question about why criminals would be awarded commemorative medals. "I beg your pardon?" he responded.
Nicholson was asked the question several times by reporters, but he refused to respond, saying only that his own allotment of medals have been handed out to victims of crime.
Interim Liberal Leader Bob Rae said, "I don't think it's appropriate to be politicizing the Diamond Jubilee medals in this way. I think it's wrong and I think Mr. Vellacott should think about it. I think the government needs to be clear about what the guidelines are. We've had whole battles about awarding the Order of Canada to people who have had difficulties with the law."
Vellacott responds
Vellacott responded in a statement to the media Tuesday.
"Unlike the justice minister, Vellacott was unable to award these medals to the victims of crime, because these baby victims are dead, so instead the award to those 'heroines of humanity' Mary Wagner and Linda Gibbons who are trying to protect defenceless, voiceless human beings in the womb from butchery and death, and trying to let vulnerable women know that there are other options and support and adoption possibilities," Vellacott said in his statement. "It's what you would expect in a caring compassionate society."
Vellacott continued, "It's a pretty upside down world when we honour abortionists like Henry Morgentaler for killing over 5,000 babies and imprison precious women, like Mary Wagner and Linda Gibbons, who try to save babies from such savagery. They are the real heroes of humanity!"
Wagner is being held at the prison for women at Milton, Ont. and is awaiting trial for violating the terms of her probation. She was arrested in August for entering an abortion clinic in Toronto, after being arrested last November for entering another Toronto clinic where she had been arrested twice before.
Gibbons has been arrested repeatedly for violating injunctions in front of clinics, and refuses to sign bail orders that would require her to agree to an injunction.
Joanne Brownrigg of Campaign Life Coalition praised Vellacott for "creating heroes" by nominating the women and stressed their "quiet, prayerful nature."
"We are grateful that these two meek, gentle, humble women [have been honoured]. You'd think with civil disobedience they'd be rowdy and aggressive — they're not. If you were introduced to them … they remind me of Mother Teresa, they're very humble."
The anti-abortion movement wasn't always as peaceful as Brownrigg describes it. In the early '90s, when an injunction was first issued against Gibbons and others, a clinic in Toronto had just been firebombed.
The following year in Vancouver, Dr. Garson Romalis, a gynecologist and obstetrician who had been picketed by anti-abortion protesters, was seriously wounded when he was shot through his kitchen window.
State schools Superintendent Tony Evers (right) will have to rely on his staff attorneys to defend him in a federal lawsuit brought by a religious school, after the state Department of Justice withdrew from the case and Gov. Scott Walker barred him from seeking outside counsel. Credit: Journal Sentinel files
SHARE
By of the
State schools Superintendent Tony Evers will have to rely on his staff attorneys to defend him in a federal lawsuit brought by a religious school after the state Department of Justice withdrew from the case and Gov. Scott Walker barred him from seeking outside counsel.
Walker and Attorney General Brad Schimel through their spokesmen said they acted because the legal position taken by Evers' staff in the case is not defensible.
But Evers suggested the motivation was political, noting that the schools' attorneys — the conservative special interest law firm Wisconsin Institute of Law & Liberty — had sided with Walker and the DOJ in a recent state Supreme Court case decided in the superintendent's favor.
"Frankly, I was surprised and disappointed that the DOJ bailed on this," said Evers, who called the DOJ's action unprecedented. "We never received a legal analysis in writing. And I'm not quite sure yet what caused them to come to this erroneous conclusion" that the Department of Public Instruction's position was not legally sound.
Schimel issued a statement Thursday denying the accusation and saying the DOJ could have unilaterally settled the case, but instead gave Evers the option of seeking outside counsel.
"DOJ made a legal determination with which DPI disagreed," he said. "No action taken by DOJ lessened DPI's ability to assert its position in court, but DOJ is not able under the circumstances to advocate on their behalf."
The federal case stems from a lawsuit, initially filed by WILL in Washington County Circuit Court on behalf of St. Augustine School in Hartford and the parents of three of its students.
The lawsuit accuses Evers and the Friess Lake School District of abridging the family's free exercise of religion by refusing to provide the students free transportation to and from their Catholic school.
State law requires public school districts to provide transportation to private school students who live in their geographic area if they meet certain criteria. However, districts can refuse students if their school's attendance area overlaps with another of the same denomination that is already being served.
Friess Lake and Evers argue that St. Augustine's attendance area overlaps that of St. Gabriel School, which is operated by the Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee, and therefore isn't eligible.
WILL counter that the courts have interpreted "denomination" to mean sponsoring organization and, since St. Augustine operates independently of the archdiocese, the restriction should not apply.
"We suspect the reason DOJ is not representing Superintendent Evers is that his actions are so blatantly inconsistent with Supreme Court precedent that establishes a separation of church and state for this dispute," WILL spokesman CJ Szafir said.
Last year, WILL filed a friend-of-the-court brief supporting Walker and Schimel's position in a state Supreme Court case that was decided in Evers' favor in May.
In that decision, the court found unconstitutional a 2011 law passed by Republicans that would have diluted the power of the independently elected state superintendent of schools and given the governor and lawmakers a greater say in education policy.
Evers said it is the first time in his 15 years at the Department of Public Instruction — seven of those as superintendent — that a state attorney general has walked away from a case.
"In the past, with (Republican Attorney General J.B.) Van Hollen, there were lawsuits that he always participated in," Evers said.
"I know some were politically charged. But he always stepped to the plate. It makes you wonder if this is going to be a concern going forward, if this is going to be an ongoing thing."
I've grown up in Maungakiekie-Tamaki, in the land between and around the maunga of Maungarei / Mt Wellington and Maungakiekie / One Tree Hill. I went to school at Bailey Rd Primary School and later Selwyn College, before studying at the University of Auckland in Psychology and Geology. My wife Vanessa and I, met while she was visiting New Zealand from the States, and we married each other in Hawaii as the halfway point between our two homelands (we had our first date, our engagement, and our marriage all on volcanos!). Vanessa and I now live in Onehunga and love the community, it's environment, and the central location to our family and our jobs.
I've served the public for ten years as an official in Auckland's local government, working on improving buildings, implementing civil defence programmes, undertaking engineering and geological research, and policy development.
For the same number of years, in my free time I also serve as a volunteer ambulance officer with St John Ambulance, providing medical assistance at community events, and going out on our frontline ambulances on occasion to keep up my clinical experience and assist my full-time colleagues. and enjoy a range of creative and outdoor pursuits made possible by our amazing regional environment.
My passion lies in encouraging collaboration, creative-thinking, forward planning, and the use of the best scientific principles. I am an avid student of history and watcher of cutting-edge research and development, for I believe that those who understand the past and look to our future can achieve far greater things in the present for us all. I firmly believe that Auckland Council can build for the future and serve its citizens better than any other local authority in the world if we follow this principle and and work better with the people around us and the technology in front of us. My vision is that Auckland can become not only a great place for our citizens to live in, but a model for others to look up to and emulate the world over.
Griezmann has enjoyed a stellar year, reaching the final of the UEFA Champions League with Atleti and EURO 2016 with France - he was also the tournament's top scorer, before finishing third behind Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the Ballon d'Or.
And while he could have his pick of the top clubs in Europe, Griezmann hopes to one day fulfil his American ambitions, with Beckham's proposed club his preferred destination.
"The United States is where I want to finish," he said. "I love the States.
"I want to have a subscription to NBA and go with my children to every game. I can already see myself there.
"I do not yet know the city but why not play for Beckham's franchise in Miami? Playing under Beckham would be the best."
But the 25-year-old is happy to sit tight for the time being and ruled out what would be a controversial transfer to city rivals Real Madrid.
"I'm feeling good at Atletico Madrid," he said. "Frankly, I don't see myself leaving.
"People often talk about England, but I'm here.
"And then, going from Atletico to Real, it must be difficult. I do not necessarily want to try. I don't think about it."
Griezmann has scored nine goals in 21 matches for Atleti this season.
Posted Thursday, March 29, 2012 1:00 pm
Celebrity central!
For the second time in a month, a national celebrity – a.k.a. Craig Gass – made the Hampton Inn & Suites Hotel at 2100 Post Road in Warwick his weekend home. He flew here from Los Angeles for a special two-show performance at the famed Comedy Connection in East Providence. In early March award-winning author and actor Robert Krantz stayed at the hotel while on a local speaking tour.
“I was absolutely flabbergasted when I heard the voice,” said Hampton General Manager Jay Visnjic. “I actually thought I was talking with Al Pucino! Craig also greeted me with a bit of Tom Arnold and later Morgan Freeman. This man is incredible.”
Craig Gass is also unique.
For starters, Gass grew up near the Bronx, NY but he literally hates the New York Yankees.
“I was born in Mount Vernon (NY),” Gass, who was born on Feb. 15, 1970, said the other morning. “When I was about seven or eight, my father took me to a game at the (Yankee) Stadium. After I saw how people were acting, I said there's no way I want to be part of this.”
But his dislike for the Yankees is only a smidgeon of Gass' extraordinary story.
“Everyone in my family is completely deaf!” Gass said. “My mother was born with a birth defect that resulted in her being deaf. My father got into an automobile accident years ago that caused severe damage to his eardrums and caused him to go deaf. My sister was born deaf!”
Gass though, who has amazed radio and television audiences all over the country with his extraordinary impersonations of national celebs, had his father's genes and never had a hearing deficiency.
And because his mother and father were deaf, Gass had no one to talk to – or even learn to talk – as most kids do during their younger years.
“I learned to talk by listening to different voices on television,” Gass explained. “I used to copy all kinds of voices ... the weirder the voice the easier it was for me to do. But thank goodness I never picked up that New York accent!”
But Gass, who now does voices on such popular shows as Family Guy, and his sister were still at a disadvantage in their younger years. Thus, the family picked up stakes and moved to Arizona so that his sister could go to a nationally-acclaimed high school for deaf children.
As for Gass?
“I was the class clown,” he mused of his days in a public high school. “I was always pushing the teacher's buttons. I got into trouble and my mother had to come to school. Naturally, I had to interpret everything the principal was saying to my mother ... I'd tell her (via sign language) that everything is okay and that there was no longer a problem. No need to worry, mom!”
But school just wasn't for Gass.
“I never finished high school and did not go to college,” Gass went on. “When I was 23 I moved to Seattle and started doing stand-up comedy and radio. Bob Rivers, a well-respected radio personality really helped me. That led to me working with Howard Stern on his show ...”
And it's safe to say that is has been life on the road for Gass ever since.
He has been doing stand-up comedy since 1993 when he decided to get revenge on a group of comedians who had ridiculed him for attempt to perform at an open mic.
Gass also worked on HBO's Sex and the City and he once co-starred with Alec Baldwin on NBC's Las Vegas as well as the on-gong popular television series Law & Order. He has also appeared on a myriad of famous radio shows as well as such TV hits as the Byron Allen Show.
He's well-traveled as he has performed all over the United States and in parts of Europe and Australia.
“I just got back from New Zealand,” Gass explained. “Life is good!”
It wasn't always good nor was his younger years any bundle of joy. He acquired his peculiar talent of imitating characters and actors by – as noted above – learning to speak as a child from watching television.
Last weekend he brought his talents to Rhode Island. He thoroughly enjoyed his stay at he Hampton Inn & Suites, where everyone from Visnjic to the super staffers treated him like royalty.
When asked if he is married, Gass, now 42, replied: “Huh?”
CHICAGO (Reuters) - New tuberculosis infections dropped 2.2 percent worldwide last year, but with nearly 9 million new infections, the World Health Organization said TB remains a massive problem that could worsen if countries shortchange funding to fight it.
The World Health Organization (WHO) headquarters is seen in Geneva November 9, 2009. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
In its annual assessment released Wednesday, WHO also said only one in five people with drug-resistant strains of TB is being diagnosed each year, leaving hundreds of thousands of people who are potentially infecting others with this particularly deadly form of the disease.
Overall, the report found that 8.7 million people fell ill with tuberculosis in 2011 and 1.4 million died, including nearly 430,000 people who were also infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.
Dr. Mario Raviglione, director of the WHO's Stop TB program, said the report, based on data from 204 countries and territories, paints a mixed picture of progress in the fight against TB, noting that “51 million people have been cured and 20 million lives have been saved” since 1995.
Raviglione also cheered progress in developing rapid diagnostic tools that allow patients to be quickly tested for drug-resistant strains of TB, and he looked forward to the expected addition of at least two new drugs to fight drug-resistant forms of TB in the next year.
But the report cited slow progress in identifying cases of drug-resistant tuberculosis, which health officials called a growing health emergency.
“On the one hand, we have existing as well as new tools on the horizon which could make a significant difference and even support dreams of elimination in some settings,” Raviglione told reporters at a press conference.
“On the other hand, we are at risk of stagnation if additional resources are not urgently mobilized by the governments of endemic countries, first, and if the international community then is not ready to fill the gap.”
Despite advances in curbing the disease, the report said not all countries enjoyed equal progress.
Cambodia, for example, has made big strides in reducing TB rates, with the number of cases dropping by 45 percent between 2002 and 2011. But the African and European regions are not on track to halve 1990 levels of mortality by 2015.
INDIA AND CHINA
Raviglione said there were 60,000 reported cases of drug resistant MDR-TB from all countries in the report, with India and China representing most of those cases.
MDR-TB is resistant to at least two first-line drugs — isoniazid and rifampicin - while XDR-TB is resistant to those two drugs as well as a powerful antibiotic type called a fluoroquinolone and a second-line injectable antibiotic.
“India and China are the countries that need to accelerate the detection, the diagnosis and the treatment of MDR-TB in order for the entire world then to be able to progress, because they have the majority of cases,” Raviglione said.
He said India, China, Russia and South Africa represent two thirds of the world's cases of drug-resistant TB, and he urged those governments to step up efforts to test and treat patients.
“If they don't move, we will always have slow progress.”
One bright note is that past investments in technology are beginning to pay off in new and more effective tools.
For example, a new rapid molecular diagnostic test for TB and resistant forms of TB called Xpert, being marked by California-based Cepheid, is being rolled out in 67 developing countries, with South Africa representing more than a third of that response.
A big part of that is from a deal by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the U.S. Agency for International Development and UNITAID - a group that facilitates the procurement of AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis drugs - to cut the price of the test from $17 to $10.
“There is also progress in the pipeline towards new drugs and towards new vaccines,” Raviglione said.
“We expect at least two if not three entirely new compounds that kill the TB bacillus very effectively to be available in the next few months,” he said.
But WHO officials worry about a funding gap that could stall progress in fighting the disease.
Between 2013 and 2015, WHO projects $8 billion per year will be needed to fight TB, and while much of that will be spent by affected countries, WHO said there is already a $3 billion funding gap projected in 2013.
“Particularly serious is the gap for the care of MDR-TB, which will mean millions of unnecessary deaths in the next few years,” Raviglione told the briefing.
Dr. Grania Brigden, TB adviser for Doctors Without Borders, said the report reinforces that MDR-TB is an escalating public health emergency.
“With barely one in 20 TB patients being tested for drug resistance, we're just seeing the tip of the iceberg,” said Brigden, who called for more treatment and better drugs.
The Genesis GV80 is a completely new concept for a luxury SUV to compliment the brand's lineup of premium vehicles. Although a production version has not yet been confirmed, Genesis has issued its first look at what shape its first luxury SUV may take.
The GV80 Concept is based on a hydrogen fuel cell powertrain. Parent company Hyundai has dabbled in the technology with limited-run vehicles such as the Tucson Fuel Cell, but this is a first for the brand in a vehicle of this size.
Performance stats and fuel economy ratings have not yet been announced. If approved for production, we think it's more likely that shoppers will get a choice of traditional gas-powered engines.
Both the current G80 and G90 sedans (previously known as the Genesis Sedan and Equus) offer a range of powerplants starting with a 3.8-liter V6 making 311 hp and 293 lb-ft of torque to a conventional 5.0-liter V8 making 420 hp. One of the more recent additions is a 3.3-liter turbocharged V6 rated at 365 hp and 376 lb-ft.
A release date for the Genesis GV80 has not yet been announced. If it makes its way to production, the vehicle will compete with established models like the INFINITI QX80, Mercedes-Benz GLE-Class and BMW X5.
At the lower end, Genesis is expected to eventually debut an entry-level sedan called the G70 to compete with vehicles like the Lexus IS and BMW 3-Series. Altogether, there's potential to see a 4-vehicle lineup of premium vehicles under the emerging brand.
Stay tuned for updates as they become available.
Explore the current Genesis lineup »
Pictured: GV80 Concept
Linux-based operating systems are built on an open-development model, which can afford organizations an early view of-and an opportunity to influence-the technologies and implementations that will eventually work their way into these companies' infrastructures.
What's more, these early looks extend beyond points on a presentation slide to comprise run-able code that's gathered into fast-moving, community-supported Linux distributions that administrators can begin testing in advance of the long-lived, enterprise-oriented releases to come.
I examined the principal security-related developments in three such vanguard Linux distributions, Canonical's Ubuntu Linux 8.10, Novell's OpenSUSE 11.1 and Red Hat's Fedora 10, all of which are now available in beta form.
Ubuntu Linux 8.10, which is slated for release at the end of October, ships with an encrypted private directory feature that enables users to store sensitive data securely without incurring the performance overhead of full-volume encryption.
Click here to read about Microsoft's October patches and its new Exploitability Index.
In my own tests with full-volume encryption in previous Ubuntu versions, I've noted processor overhead of about 20 to 30 percent during disk-intensive processes such as virtual machine image creation.
What's more, full-disk encryption, unlocked by a single pass key, poses problems for multiuser machines, in which the disk unlocking is an all-or-nothing proposition, as opposed to a user-by-user measure.
As implemented in Ubuntu 8.10, the encrypted private directory feature creates a folder-labeled "Private"-in users' home directories. The system automatically encrypts files placed in this directory and unlocks the directory upon user log-on.
In my tests, I could broaden the range of home directory folders that the system protected by copying the folders to the Private location and leaving a symlink behind to allow my applications to continue accessing the protected files at their previous addresses.
As this feature now stands, it's too roughly implemented to supplant full-volume encryption entirely-there's no user interface at this point, and there's the possibility that sensitive data could be pulled from a system's unencrypted swap partition. I hope to see Ubuntu's encryption feature set firmed up to include full-volume, Private folder and home directory encryption in time for the distribution's next LTS (Long Term Support) release, which is currently scheduled for April 2010.
A STICKY MESS
The early departures of Gareth Barry (groin-gah), John Stones (stomach-ouch), Ramiro Funes Mori (brain-knack) and several hundred supporters (patience-snap) were not the most significant from an Everton perspective at Anfield last night. As the goals rained in and manager Bobby Martínez pondered how best to put a positive spin on the horror-show unfolding on the hallowed sward, it was noted that one of his blazered-up bosses left the Anfield directors' box with more than half an hour, one goal and 219 Liverpool shots on target, to go. And while it may have been the same dodgy burger that curtailed Stones's evening that prompted Jon Woods to rush from his seat, the Fiver is prepared to speculate that it may have been the risible performance of Everton's players in a Merseyside derby that had him rushing for the exit looking a little queasy.
Always a man to look for the silver lining in any cloud, no matter how black, Martínez can at least console himself with the fact that Woods might still think Everton only lost 3-0 and remains unaware that mounting knack and suspensions mean they'll be forced to field a back four comprising of Tony Hibbert, Sir Paul McCartney and two of Antony Gormley's cast iron Another Place statues from Crosby beach in their FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United. “It was a pretty shocking night,” said Martínez, who along with his players was jeered off the pitch by those Everton fans who had not yet left by the final whistle. “We need to forget this showing as quickly as we can.”
Whether or not Martínez will be allowed to forget this showing by supporters who are growing increasingly sick of a team that could never defend and is looking increasingly toothless in attack remains to be seen.
While Romelu Lukaku was on the field and touched the ball on at least one occasion, the presence of the £30m striker up front looked to be the equivalent of a Rolls-Royce Spirit of Ecstasy statuette bolted on to the bonnet of a 15-year-old Alfa Romeo. Having explained two days ago that Everton's players “understand the frustration of the fans”, Everton's Argentinian defender Funes Mori proceeded to take it out on Liverpool striker Divock Origi. The forward went to ground clutching an ankle he's lucky wasn't broken, while the bozo who tried to maim him walked off repeatedly clutching his badge. As shows of loyalty go, it was comically inept … but not much more so than those of his team-mates.
LIVE ON BIG WEBSITE
Join Rob Smyth from 7.45pm BST for red-hot MBM coverage of Arsenal 1-0 West Brom.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
“I can't think of a better place to be than Newcastle United. Rafa has been at Liverpool, he understands what passionate football is all about, and it would be a great opportunity for him [to stay on]. They might even say to him: ‘if you stay, you can still do the [Spain job] part-time'. That might be something they put into their heads” – John Carver, ladies and gentlemen.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest This lot could play second fiddle to a Championship promotion push. No problem. Photograph: Handout/UEFA via Getty Images
QUOTE OF THE DAY TWO
“Pressure makes diamonds” – chilled out entertainer Nigel Adkins uses his Blades press conference to trial his new Brendan Rodgers impersonation.
FIVER LETTERS
“Regarding yesterday's letter from Michael Hann about Andy Carroll's full pelt, I'd just like to say I think it would make a particularly nice fireside rug” – Miles Stroganoff.
“Long-time reader, many-time letter writer – I have a great deal of interest in English leagues, particularly the EPL and still much of your tea-timely email is of little interest to me – I am not sure what Jed (yesterday's letters) was getting at to be honest” – Graham Haslam.
“The new layout is fine, if I view it in the browser that is, but it is getting pretty irritating having to do that every time I read the fiver (Fiver letters passim). And this bunch of red xs is not on. If I wanted to read about xs, I would be on Guardian Soulmates”– Gavin Simmonds.
• Send your letters to the.boss@theguardian.com. And if you've nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. Today's winner of our prizeless letter o'the day is … Miles Stoganoff.
JOIN GUARDIAN SOULMATES
Chances are that if you're reading this tea-timely football email, you're almost certainly single. But fear not – if you'd like to find companionship or love, sign up here to view profiles of the kind of erudite, sociable and friendly folk who would never normally dream of going out with you. And don't forget, it's not the rejection that kills you, it's the hope.
BITS AND BOBS
Former Sheffield United footballer Ched Evans has won an appeal against his conviction for rape and faces a retrial.
Andy Townsend has driven his Tactics Truck to Bolton, where he will work as a consultant, perhaps advising on such matters as how to stop a shot with swazz on it, when wingers should literally explode down the line and, if anything Clive, how Bolton have gone down almost too easily.
He managed to keep His clothes on when He sent out an Instagram post to relieve fears that He had twanged His right hamstring during Real Madrid's 3-0 stroll against Villarreal. “All good. Thanks for your support,” He cheered.
Mats Hummells is likely to do one from Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season if only to get a decent night's kip. “It's a very difficult decision, and when I finally make it people will understand how hard it is for me,” he yawned. “It's been taking me at least half an hour extra to fall asleep for several weeks now because this is such a big issue for me.”
Manchester City still want Aymeric Laporte to be one of Pep's first signings despite the Athletic Bilbao centre-half being ruled out until August with broken leg-knack.
Stoke's rebranding continues apace. Teams will no longer get biffed into submission at the Britannia but taken to the cleaners at the Bet365 Stadium, after the club agreed a six-year naming rights deal and seating expansion to take capacity over 30,000.
And Barça brought their big guns out in an attempt to breathe life into a dull presentation about the Camp Nou's redevelopment by making them lay hands on a ball, SpaceJam-style.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Monstars! Photograph: Lluis Gene/AFP/Getty Images
STILL WANT MORE?
Floating football brain in a jar Jonathan Wilson on the dying art of squad rotation. It's a good'un, made better by the inevitable Arrigo Sacchi quote about half-way down.
And they say romance is dead: Francesco Totti, 87, came off the bench last night, scored two goals in two minutes with his first two touches to give his beloved Roma a 3-2 win over Torino. Big Website's resident Italophile, Paolo Bandini, starts the love-in.
Barcelona have finally won a football match! Read all about that (and bonus Fernando Torres chat) with Sid Lowe.
Sebastian Giovinco chews the beef with Josh Kloke about getting into Italy's Euro 2016 squad, the USA! USA!! USA!!! and why he “doesn't care if he is the face of MLS or not.”
What do scouts look for in young players, and why are they not more venerated, asks Richard Foster.
Dear Arsenal. Mind the gap. From Tottenham. David Hytner picks the bones out of the mess at the Emirates.
Oh, and if it's your thing … you can follow Big Website on Big Social FaceSpace.
SAN DIEGO -- It was the kind of late-inning buzz that none of the players had experienced before.
The Houston Astros -- who once had the "Killer Bs" -- beat the San Diego Padres 7-2 on Thursday, but only after waiting out a 52-minute delay in the top of the ninth inning caused when a swarm of bees took over left field at Petco Park.
It certainly gave a new meaning to getaway day.
"It's how this year's going. Bizarre things. You think you've seen it all in baseball and you're going to see something new," said Houston's Geoff Blum, who hit a three-run homer and finished with four RBIs.
The drama began with Houston leading 6-1 with two outs in the top of the ninth. San Diego's Kyle Blanks started walking in from left field, trying to get shortstop Everth Cabrera to call time. It ended when a beekeeper obliterated a ball of bees that followed a queen bee under a ballgirl's jacket that was slung over the back of a chair down the left-field line.
"I kind of saw one or two floating around my head," Blanks said. "Then I turned around and there was a wall. I started to walk in and tried to get Everth to call time."
Blanks said he was allergic to bees. "It's not something I want to tempt," he said.
He wondered what would happen if Miguel Tejada pulled a ball down the line.
"It was a pretty thick wall of bees and I really didn't want a piece of it," he said.
"The umpires made the right call to stop the game," Padres president Tom Garfinkel said. "There are a couple thousand bees there. If they decide to swarm on a person, whether that's a player, an employee or obviously a fan, we could have a real situation."
The game was halted at 3:09 p.m. Five minutes later, both teams were cleared from the field.
The beekeeper arrived at 3:56 p.m., quickly did his job to applause from the fans that remained, and the game resumed 5 minutes later.
The swarm first appeared along the warning track. Later, fans were cleared out of several sections down the left-field line as the bees swarmed around the chair.
Head groundskeeper Luke Yoder thinks they were regular honey bees. Groundskeepers thought about putting a trash can over the chair, but didn't want to take the chance in case they were Africanized honey bees.
"It looked harmless, but let me tell you there was a big ball of bees under that jacket," Yoder said. "Every one of those bees you saw in the outfield, every single one of them went underneath that jacket."
Yoder said he's seen similar swarms at the downtown ballpark, some the size of a soccer ball, but just not during games.
The bees arrived more than 24 hours before Manny Ramirez makes his comeback from a 50-game suspension for violating baseball's drug policy, when the Los Angeles Dodgers open a three-game series against San Diego on Friday night.
"Definitely a first time for me," Houston manager Cecil Cooper said. "I didn't know what happened initially. I just saw the guy walking in. I didn't know exactly what he was doing. Then I started to see kind of the swarm after a while. You don't want to get anybody hurt. That's the main thing."
The Astros outscored the Padres 20-7 in taking three of four. It's the first time the Astros (38-39) have been one game under .500 since they were 1-2 on April 8.
San Diego has lost eight of nine games against Houston dating to last season.
Wandy Rodriguez (7-6) beat the Padres for the second time in as many starts this year, holding them to one run and seven hits in seven innings. He struck out five and walked two.
Blum, a former Padres player, gave the Astros a 6-0 lead when he homered to right on a 2-1 pitch with one out in the fifth, his second. Tejada opened the inning with a single and Lance Berkman -- one of the "Killer Bs" along with the now-retired Jeff Bagwell and Craig Biggio -- followed with a walk.
"It was a good series for us," Cooper said. "Everybody contributed for us. For the first day in a long time, we got a big, big hit to kind of break things open."
Blum also hit an RBI single in the first. Berkman scored three runs, had two doubles, two walks and an RBI.
The Padres loaded the bases on a single and consecutive walks with none out in the third and the heart of the order coming up, and failed to score. Adrian Gonzalez forced Kevin Correia at the plate and Kevin Kouzmanoff hit into a double play.
Correia (5-6) allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings. He struck out three and walked three.
With ace Jake Peavy and Chris Young both on the disabled list, Correia had been San Diego's most consistent starter. He was 4-1 in his previous five starts, with a 2.41 ERA and 29 strikeouts.
Game notes
Astros starters have posted a 2.13 ERA in the last 12 games, going 6-1 with five no-decisions.
Nearly every morning, Donald Trump begins his day with a very public pump-up session. Half the time he rants on Twitter about all the people who are undermining his presidency (Democrats, the media) and sabotaging his agenda (Jeff Flake, Mitch McConnell). The other half of the time he's raving about himself: his legislative accomplishments, his efforts to boost the military and fight ISIS, the soaring stock market, and so on. It's a tricky balancing act for a president whose ego and victimhood are always in tension.
Trump's vexation was on full display Friday morning, as he published his first tweet of the day, at 6:33 a.m., blaming Democrats for obstructing his agenda, Republicans for not eliminating the filibuster, and Congress as a whole for the fact that “few bills” are being passed:
Eleven minutes later, he tweeted that few, if any, presidents had ever accomplished so much or signed as many bills as he has “in just 7 months”:
The president's frustration is understandable, though he bears more responsibility for the gridlock in Congress than he admits. The White House, which normally sets and leads the party's legislative agenda, has mostly abdicated that role in the Trump era, sniping from the sidelines during the failed health-care debate rather than pushing forward a plan of its own. Trump looks set for a repeat performance on tax reform, too: as Axios reports, the president is asking the House Ways and Means Committee to write the bill on its own, allowing Trump space to either take credit for its success or distance himself, depending on the outcome. (“We need the Ways and Means Committee to own it,” one top official said.) Health care is on the back burner once again, and plans for an infrastructure bill—originally one of the president's top agenda items—have been punted into the distant future.
The rest of the fall legislative calendar is likely to be consumed by a battle over a government spending bill that could result in a shutdown, or a debt-ceiling crisis, if Congress and the president can't agree. Already, negotiations are getting bogged down by Trump's demand that Republican leadership pair legislation with a rider that includes funding for his border wall—funding that Democrats have said they will reject. Trump has made matters worse still by attacking several major party leaders in recent days, including McConnell, the Senate majority leader, Flake, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, and Bob Corker, who he took a shot at on Twitter later Friday morning:
And yet, with all that sturm und drang in the background—unnecessary political drama that, ultimately, could damage the United States' financial stability—Trump declared that he and Nick Adams, the author of a 2016 book predicting his future success, are happy with how things are going.
Jose Mourinho is set to become the next permanent manager of Chelsea, and the Real Madrid boss wants Cristiano Ronaldo to follow him to Stamford Bridge, it has been claimed.
According to the Daily Express, Mourinho's tenure at the Santiago Bernabeu will come to an end in the summer, and the Portuguese will replace Chelsea's intermin manager Rafael Benitez.
Roman Abramovich will greet the former Chelsea coach with an open cheque book, and Mourinho reportedly hopes the Russian will be able to complete a sensational deal that would see Ronaldo arrive in west London.
Mourinho reportedly knows the former Manchester United superstar is unhappy at Real Madrid and, once becoming Chelsea boss, the 50-year-old will test the resolve of Los Blancos with a £60 million bid for Ronaldo.
The 28-year-old's future with Real Madrid has been the subject of constant speculation all season, with a return to Manchester United touted as a summer transfer window possibility.
Manchester United are reported to be exploring the possibility of bringing Ronaldo back to Old Trafford, although the Premier League leaders may now have to battle with Chelsea for his signature.
Ronaldo, however, is surely unlikely to agree to a switch to Chelsea given his allegiances to Manchester United, although an opportunity to continue working with Mourinho may be too good to resist for the Portugal captain.
Introducing BitSyncHub
Since I'm an automation nut, when I found Travis CI, I was understandably excited - automatic running of my testcases for hgapi from the repository as opposed to a pre-push hook (as I have had it set up since the beginning of time) would avoid the oh-so embarrassing mistakes of forgetting to add a new file to the repository and having a non-working version in the repo. I just have to set up some service to synch to the GitHub mirror and all will... be... well?
Turns out there was no such service. A hundred advices on how to mirror using push-hooks in your local repository, but since I don't always commit from the same computer, I would need to keep all instances (including future) set up properly, and never again could I be a tad lazy and accept a pull request instead of pushing it from my local repo. This, to me, is not an acceptable state of affairs.
So last week I spent a couple of hours setting up a new service, dubbed BitSyncHub, that will accept POST requests from Bitbucket and synchronize a (Mercurial) repository with it's Github mirror. It is set up using UWSGI, hgapi with hg-git, and Celery for job control. It's a bit rough in that it does not report errors (since it does not run synchronously), and always pushes to Github using the same certificate and user, but I've not been able to break it (recently), and it only requires a one-time setup and it will keep your branches in synch!
Glee is about to put the ‘Klaine' in Shirley MacLaine!
Sorry, I just realized that sentence contained dangerous levels of corn, so allow me to make it up to you by sharing some sneak-peek photos of the Oscar-winning legend kicking off a multi-episode arc as a powerful New York socialite intent on turning recent Big Apple transplant Blaine into a superstar. (That news was first brought to you by TVLine, it's worth mentioning.)
RELATED | Glee Boss Ryan Murphy Reveals Game Plan for ‘Satisfying' Final Season (Who'll Be Back?!); Plus — Inside the ‘Painful' Rachel Romance Debate
In all, we've got nine images from “Back-Up Plan” (April 29, 8/7c on Fox), featuring Blaine dueting with his boyfriend Kurt, catching the eye of MacLaine's rich maven and winding up at a swanky luncheon we can only assume brings him to Manhattan's Upper East Side. You'll also see Mercedes attempting to get pal Santana in on a recording deal, as well as Rachel auditioning for… a TV pilot? (Could we be looking at a Los Angeles-set Season 6?)
RELATED | CSI Vet Books Glee Gig
If that's not enough Glee goodness, I've also included five bonus images from Tuesday's “Opening Night” installment, with Sue and Schue doing the song-and-dance thing with a yellow cab and a hot dog cart in the background.
Click through the pics below, then sound off in the comments with your anticipation level for these various scenes!
Few Canadian evangelists can match his record for the controversial quote, whether accusing single moms of using welfare to have babies or likening hate crime laws protecting gays and lesbians to Nazi tyranny.
Last February, he dove further below the radar, apparently gaining more influence with Stephen Harper. He's not up there with Laureen, mind you, but arguably more important than many warm bodies around the cabinet table.
In 2006, with the advent of a Conservative minority, Reid, once a catalyst for the evangelical movement in Canada, began to go stealth. He became chief of staff to former environment minister Rona Ambrose, then moved to the Prime Minister's Office as an adviser.
He's also on the record with: "Only God can make Canada a truly Christian country... We are called to speak biblical truth to seek justice – and that obviously has implications for our political life."
"I think every Christian is under an obligation to change laws to reflect biblical values," Reid said on the website CanadianChristianity.com.
Nevertheless, the appointments were seen as a message to the hard right that Harper is on their side. They may have been displeased with the moderation of minority power – a free vote on same-sex marriage, the scuttling of crime legislation to protect the unborn – but he's still their guy on core beliefs.
It's unclear whether Harper shares their social Conservative – or theocon – beliefs. That's the big question that only one or more majority governments can answer. How far would Harper go on the hot-button social issues of the religious right, including abortion, same-sex marriage, easy divorce and public day care?
Harper orchestrated a double whammy in February. Reid became Harper's deputy chief of staff (to Guy Giorno), while former Christian educator Paul Wilson, who shares Reid's history of religious activism, took over his spot as PMO director of policy. Precious access.
There's no way of knowing what Reid – or Wilson for that matter – think now, what advice they give or whether their religious beliefs guide political thinking. Both declined interviews.
What are those implications now that he's advising Harper behind the olive sandstone walls of the old Langevin building? Does he apply the God standard to legislation?
The signal of their appointment was "be patient," says a Liberal strategist made nervous by any "true believers" plan for Canada devised by the PMO tag team of Reid/Wilson.
"He's got to do things to keep the social conservative base satisfied – and that was one of them. Harper's a real student of divisions in the conservative right wing, and he's fighting to keep them together."
Marci McDonald, author of the upcoming The Armageddon Factor: The Rise of Christian Nationalism in Canada, says, "Harper has given the religious right a welcome and access in Ottawa and government they've never had before – and they've become used it."
They are, she says, "here to stay."
In 2005, Reid told McDonald in an article for The Walrus: "The fact there's a government that's more sympathetic is good. But that government won't be there forever. That's why we need to be there for the long haul."
Andrew Grenville, chief research officer for Angus Reid Public Opinion, says the religious right began to register for the Conservatives in 2006, expanding in 2008 with 74 per cent of Protestant evangelicals voting for Harper, while the Liberal Catholic vote slacked off.
It's too soon to measure the impact on individual ridings (or national results), but Grenville describes it as "a sea change for most of the country... There's now a religious right where previously there hasn't been one."
Deborah Grey, a graduate of faith-based schools and the first Reform MP who, in 1989 brought her young legislative assistant, Stephen Harper, to Ottawa, applauds the appointments. From Vancouver Island, she asks: "Do you want to know why he hired them?
"Because they're bright guys. Way back in the Reform years, we saw they were very capable; Harper is smart and he recognizes a proven track record... That's the message."
Adds Grey: "If I were a betting woman, I'd say he's got a good chance at a majority, and there's no big scary right-wing agenda."
Neil Thomlinson, head of politics and public administration at Ryerson University, sees a red flag in the PMO appointments. "It's a concern for people who come at this with the view church and state should be separate."
He suggests the hallmark of some social conservatives is "they are not interested at all in research in the social sciences. Rather, their position is, `Don't confuse me with the facts, my mind is made up.'"
Reid is harsh on single mothers, his comments seeming to ignore research showing the adverse effects of widowhood, abuse and other social factors. Maintains Reid: "Welfare provides incentives for single moms to have another child and to avoid marriage."
Reid, 50ish, has had a long career. Like Harper, he was Reform party leader Preston Manning's chief of staff and, for years, headed Focus on the Family Canada, a homegrown offshoot of the U.S. evangelical lobby group. Under founder James Dobson, the U.S. organization helped put born-again Republican George W. Bush in the White House, supported Sarah Palin in 2008 and is hungrily eying her chances for 2012.
During the 2006 election, with Reid running unsuccessfully for the Conservatives in Richmond, Focus on the Family advised Canadian voters: "Pray for God's wisdom in choosing the right candidate."
Conservatives sprang to damage control after Reid's former campaign manager Robbie Robertson attacked Canwest media for its campaign coverage.
"The Canwest Global media empire is controlled by a Jewish family and they have been the most aggressive family to attack Christians, especially Conservative Christians," said Robertson. Reid quickly distanced himself from the highly offensive remarks, saying Robertson didn't speak for him. His riding association officials told the Richmond News that Robertson, never a party member, had left the team weeks before the vote.
Nothing was said about Reid's apparent lack of judgment.
Reid, with a Ph.D in history from Queen's, espouses clear views. He's against gay rights, public daycare, "our culture of unrestricted abortion" and the consequences of "the brave new world of genetic experimentation."
Wilson, a mini-Reid, maybe 15 years younger, also highly educated, with a Ph.D in philosophy, was director of the Laurentian Leadership Conference, an arm of the faith-based Trinity Western University in Langley, B.C. Wilson has argued moderation, reminding Christians: "We need to be temperate, we need to be restrained, we need to be respectful. Maybe the debate sometimes wasn't held with that tone. And in a sense, we've not only lost the particular legislative battle, we lost the broader battle by effectively being marginalized and just basically discredited."
Harper, too, is cautious. He recognized the importance of social conservatism, writing in a 2003 article: "The truth of the matter is that the real agenda and defining issues have shifted from economic issues to social values, so conservatives must do the same."
But he believes in an incremental approach. Author McDonald sees it as the foundation of his thinking: "It fits with his natural personality and tendencies.
"Is he really a fanatic?" she asks in an interview. "I do not believe he is. I think he's a very wily strategist... I see him as tacking on a sailing course."
She argues Harper's social conservatism is "more strategy than a deep impulse of the heart" and doesn't envision draconian social measures under a Harper majority, but rather bureaucratic tinkering, appointments and staffing changes. Anything he did on, say, abortion, wouldn't be a sudden reversal but "something that opens the way."
However, if he were to do something, McDonald concludes, it would be irreversible by the time it was detected and "would change Canada in a profound way... People seem to wake up to what Harper is doing too late."
MINNEAPOLIS — Requiring funeral homes to install expensive equipment it will never use is an “irrational policy that serves no legitimate governmental objective,” a Minnesota judge says.
On Wednesday, Judge John Guthmann ruled in favor of plaintiffs who were challenging an onerous state law requiring funeral homes to install equipment for embalming dead bodies, even when those funeral homes do not use the equipment. The requirement stifles competition and increases prices for consumers by requiring funeral homes to spend $30,000 on unnecessary equipment, the plaintiffs in the case argued.
In striking down the embalming room requirement, Guthmann said it “constitutes an irrational exercise of the state's police power” and violates the state constitution.
The challenge was brought by Verlin Stoll, who owns and operates Crescent Tides funeral home in the Minneapolis suburbs. He performs low-cost, no-frills funeral services and claimed the state law was harming his business model.
“The result is great for us and I am confident it will also open doors for entrepreneurs in other areas who are crushed by pointless requirements in their industries,” said Stoll in a statement.
Stoll's funeral home provides funeral and burial services for $1,600, far less than the average cost of $4,000 for the Twin Cities. He has embalming equipment — though he does not use it — at his first location, but he wanted to expand to a second location without having to spend $30,000 on more pointless equipment.
The case went to trial in March.
In court, the Minnesota Department of Health argued the requirement was necessary to protect public health.
But during the trial, experts provided by the department admitted that there was no benefit to having embalming equipment in a funeral home if it was never used. There is no requirement in state law for corpses to be embalmed, and funeral homes are allowed to outsource embalming services to third parties.
Since Stoll outsources all of his embalming to third parties, there is no reason for him to install the expensive, and useless, equipment, Guthmann wrote in the ruling.
“This ruling affirms that the government can't make you do useless things just to be in business,” said Katelynn McBride, an attorney with the Institute for Justice, a libertarian law firm that represented Stoll in court.
In defending the law, the department also tried to argue that the embalming room requirement helped prevent fraud by ensuring only legitimate funeral homes entered the market, but Guthmann said that claim seemed “to have been condensed out of thin air with absolutely nothing to back it up.”
The state Department of Health declined to comment on Wednesday's ruling. It has 60 days to file an appeal.
Odd and unnecessary laws for funeral homes have been under assault in several states in recent years.
Last year, a federal judge in Pennsylvania struck down 11 parts of the state funeral code — including a similar requirement for embalming rooms in all funeral homes — as a “protectionist regime” that served to stifled competition and unnecessarily increase prices for consumers.
In his ruling, Guthman pointed to the Pennsylvania case as a reason to ax the Minnesota regulation.
Wendy Jerome, a board member with the Minnesota Funeral Consumers Alliance, a co-plaintiff in the case, said the ruling was a victory for all Minnesotans because it would help lower prices and increase competition in the funeral industry.
“I think it will open up the opportunity for more funeral homes to do what (Stoll) is doing,” Jerome said. “It thinks that will open up the way for more competition and prices to lower in general.”
This article originally appeared on Watchdog.org.
"I would like to thank SK-Gaming for the opportunity to play for them and I'll gladly give my best to become one of the best botlanes in Europe with Candypanda. I'd also like to thank my fans for the support that I have received throughout the whole time. See you next week in LCS!"
"We had a clear picture of what kind of player we would want in our lineup and with Christoph joining we accomplished a mission. We are eager to share what we saw in practice already with our fans in LCS. Welcome, Christoph, great to have you on board!"
SK Gaming and Christoph have been in talks throughout 2013 already, as soon as it was clear changes on the support position were about to happen. Signing the contract was a formality after Adrian 'CandyPanda' and Christoph started practicing shortly after Christmas.Here is what SK.nRated has to saySK Gamings managing director Alexander T. Müller addsMake sure to give the man a warm welcome to the team and follow him on both, Facebook and Twitter as he will have updates ready for you there. And yes, we promise, he will change his backgrounds on both quite soon.
26 SHARES Facebook Twitter
SyFy has released the first teaser trailer for Ron Moore‘s new series Helix and I'm feeling a great disturbance in the force. We'll get back to that feeling in a minute. What is Helix?
A team of scientists investigating a possible disease outbreak at an Arctic research facility who find themselves trying to protect the world from annihilation.
Although it sounds a lot like Carpenter's The Thing at first glance, Helix looks more like a cross between The Andromeda Strain and The Abyss. We don't get too much in this first look, but the general clean room style we see is interesting. What's that oozing at the end? We'll have to tune in to find out.
What is really interesting to me is that suddenly, as Bill and Ted would say:
“There are strange things afoot at SyFy.”
Actual science fiction . . . I'll let that sink in. The Defiance pilot was a good start for a series that could gain a steady following. Throw in Helix and one could almost say that the SyFy channel is a place to find good scifi. Whatever might be driving this movement has my full blessings.
What do you think?
Via: Blastr
Related
26 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Category: TV
Sacramento's R Street is mostly a good news story. Once a grim, concrete wasteland of warehouses and government buildings, the downtown corridor bustles with rising apartments, hip clubs, bars and restaurants.
There are, however, still whole blocks of R Street that aren't delivering on their promise. Literally. As The Bee's Ryan Lillis reported this week, hundreds of units of desperately needed housing remain unconstructed, even though the California Public Employees' Retirement System was supposed to have them finished in 2012.
CalPERS needs to show decisive action, by stepping up and putting hammer to nail.
Thirty-six single family homes at Seventh and R Streets. A 300-unit development on the 300 block of R Street. The lag is particularly frustrating because the units were supposed to compensate for allowances Sacramento granted to CalPERS when the $337 billion pension fund developed its massive headquarters, which backs up onto R.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Pension funds have a fiduciary duty, so CalPERS can't be faulted for not building during the worst of the recession. And the city has had as much responsibility as the pension fund for ensuring that CalPERS delivered on the memorandum of understanding the two parties signed in 2001 and amended in 2007.
But the economy has rebounded. The city government that let CalPERS take its sweet time has turned over. And the current mayor and council understandably would like to see the behemoth fund be a better hometown partner. So would we.
CalPERS simply needs to stop taking Sacramento for granted. The pension fund controls an outsized swath of land here, but it has done little to help boost the capital city where so many of its members live and work.
Its headquarters is an architectural hulk. Its property at Third and Capitol Mall is an embarrassment, best known as the giant hole in the ground, encircled by tattered fencing. CalPERS officials have been saying for years that a deal is near to transform this eyesore at the entrance to the city into some majestic edifice. We'll believe it when we see something other than an artist's rendering.
Now there's this block and a half of unbuilt housing. Only 36 of the nearly 400 promised housing units on R Street have come to fruition. One site remains a parking lot.
CalPERS says it is actively negotiating to fulfill the memorandum of understanding. Councilman Steve Hansen, who represents downtown, says the city is on the case and has had “productive” conversations with the pension fund.
Meanwhile, Mayor Darrell Steinberg has talked with the agency about leveraging its connections to sell Sacramento to potential employers. Steinberg told an editorial board member that CalPERS leaders have been amenable.
In the meantime, however, CalPERS needs to show the rest of us some decisive action, by stepping up and putting hammer to nail.
Three hundred thirty-six units is a lot of unbuilt houses. And Sacramento deserves better than to watch that hole in the ground at Third and Capitol Mall fill up with rain again this winter.
C'mon CalPERS. Be a better neighbor. Give us a good news story to tell.
See Instructions to join the WEBEX at the end of this page.
International Online Forum “Virtual currencies : Exploring a Potential Role for Postal Operators”
08:45 – 09:00 WebEx connection set up
09:00 – 09:05 Opening remarks and introductions – USPS OIG Global Team and the UPU
09:05 – 09:10 Introductions – Christian Jaag, Swiss Economics (Moderator)
09:10 – 09:25 Virtual Currencies: Definitions and Drivers of Growth – Jerry Brito, George Mason University
09:25 – 09:35 Legal and Regulatory Issues Facing Virtual Currencies – Michael Bombace, Booz Allen Hamilton
09:35 – 09:50 Bitcoins: Lessons Learned – Patrick Murck, Bitcoin Foundation
09:50 – 10:00 Can Bitcoins Rival or Even Replace Existing Currencies? – François Velde, Federal Reserve of Chicago
10:00 – 10:10 Open discussion
2nd Part: Postal Operators and the New Virtual Payments Space
10:10 – 10:20 Virtual Currencies: What Role for Postal Operators? – Christian Jaag
10:20 – 10:30 Facilitating Transactions Not Pegged to National Currencies: A Role for the UPU – José Anson, Economist, UPU International Bureau
10:30 – 10:50 Virtual Currencies, Payment Systems, and Financial Inclusion - Massimo Cirasino, Head of the Payment Systems Development Group, World Bank
10:55 – 11:25 Open discussion, moderated by Christian Jaag - Comments from discussant Michael Bombace
11:25 – 11:30 Wrap up and closing remarks
Virtual currencies - new peer-to-peer electronic payment tools not subject to regulatory oversight - are increasing in popularity. They are seen as potential substitutes for conventional payment networks, and might have the power to disrupt mainstream financial systems.
In this workshop, experts from the global postal and financial sectors will discuss the benefits and shortcomings of virtual currencies and explore potential roles for postal operators in the new virtual payments space.
About the Organizers
Risk Analysis Research Center
The U.S. Postal Service Office of Inspector General (OIG) plays a key role in maintaining the integrity and accountability of America's postal service, its revenue and assets, and its employees. Its mission is to maintain confidence in the U.S. postal system by minimizing fraud, waste, abuse, and other postal crimes.
Within the OIG, the Risk Analysis Research Center (RARC) conducts research on strategic economic and business issues related to the Postal Service. RARC's staff includes economists, operations researchers, and policy analysts.
To find out more, visit the OIG homepage at: www.uspsoig.gov (http://www.uspsoig.gov/), and check out RARC's white paper library in RARC's reading room (http://www.uspsoig.gov/document-library?type=All&field_doc_date_value%5Bvalue%5D%5Bdate%5D=&field_doc_cat_tid%5B%5D=1922&=Apply).
Universal Postal Union
The Universal Postal Union (UPU) is a United Nations specialized agency, headquartered in Bern, Switzerland. With 192 member countries, the UPU is the primary global forum for cooperation between postal sector players. The organization fulfills an advisory, mediating and liaison role, and provides technical assistance where needed. It sets the rules for international mail exchanges between national postal operators. It also makes recommendations to stimulate growth in mail, parcel and financial services and improve quality of service for customers. In 2013, the UPU signed a Cooperation Agreement with the USPS OIG aimed at promoting joint research projects and activities in areas of mutual interest. For more about the UPU, visit their homepage at: www.upu.int (http://www.upu.int/).
WebEx Instructions
Topic: International Online Workshop: Virtual Currencies
Date: Wednesday, January 29, 2014
Time: 8:45 am, Eastern Standard Time (New York, GMT-05:00)
Meeting Number:[masked]
Meeting Password: postcoin
-------------------------------------------------------
To join the online meeting
-------------------------------------------------------
1. Go to https://uspsoig1.webex.com/uspsoig1/j.php?ED=218761387&UID=1347818122&PW=NN2FkNDlhNWFj&RT=MiMxMQ%3D%3D
2. If requested, enter your name and email address.
3. If a password is required, enter the meeting password: postcoin
4. Click "Join"
5. Click “Run a temporary application” when prompted on the screen or in the message bar.
6. When the meeting opens, ENTER YOUR PHONE NUMBER FOR THE CALL-BACK OPTION.
To view in other time zones or languages, please click the link:
https://uspsoig1.webex.com/uspsoig1/j.php?ED=218761387&UID=1347818122&PW=NN2FkNDlhNWFj&ORT=MiMxMQ%3D%3D
-------------------------------------------------------
To join the audio conference only
-------------------------------------------------------
To receive a call back, provide your phone number when you join the meeting, or call the number below and enter the access code:[masked]
Call-in toll-free number (US/Canada):[masked]
Call-in toll number (US/Canada):[masked]
Global call-in numbers: https://uspsoig1.webex.com/uspsoig1/globalcallin.php?serviceType=MC&ED=218761387&tollFree=1
Toll-free dialing restrictions: http://www.webex.com/pdf/tollfree_restrictions.pdf
-------------------------------------------------------
For assistance, go to https://uspsoig1.webex.com/uspsoig1/mc and click the “support” function on the left navigation bar. Or, please contact Renee Sheehy via e-mail at: [masked] or by calling[masked]
-------------------------------------------------------
IMPORTANT NOTICE: This WebEx service includes a feature that allows audio and any documents and other materials exchanged or viewed during the session to be recorded. By joining this session, you automatically consent to such recordings. If you do not consent to the recording, discuss your concerns with the meeting host prior to the start of the recording or do not join the session. Please note that any such recordings may be subject to discovery in the event of litigation.
The U.S. economy has recovered the 8.7 million jobs lost during the Great Recession and its unemployment rate is now the lowest it's been in almost six years. But David Cay Johnston, a Pulitzer prize-winning reporter, author and visiting lecturer at Syracuse University's law school and business school, says the economy would be a lot stronger if not for the Bush tax cuts.
Americans have lost $6.6 trillion from 2001, when the tax cuts first took effect, through 2012, according to Johnston. That's more than one-third of the country's annual GDP.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Related: Here's where all those middle-class jobs went
"When you look at the long-term income in this country and adjust for inflation and population growth, we're not getting better off," says Johnston. He calculated those losses by comparing average incomes in U.S. tax returns from 2000 tax returns to every year through 2012, and published his findings in a recent column on Al Jazeera America.
Mattie Duppler, director of budget and regulatory Policy at Americans for Tax reform, agrees that incomes are lower now than they would have been had the economy grown at a faster pace but she says the Bush tax cuts are not to blame.
Bill Clinton, for example, cut the capital gains tax cut in 1997 which helped boost the economy, says Duppler. "The same policies that supposedly caused so much damage in the early 2000s were already in place in the 1990s under a Democratic president," says Duppler.
She says America's economic problems are due in part to a "huge bureaucracy" in Washington and "politicians trying to control every aspect of what's happening in the private economy." She favors smaller government and tax cuts to accomplish that.
Story continues
But Johnston says tax cuts in 2001 and 2003 slowed growth while tax increases in 1993 boosted it. Tax cuts leave the government with less money to invest for growth, explains Johnston.
Related: U.S. economy has 'little room for error': Dan Gross
"We're not investing in the future of America," Johnston tells Yahoo Finance in the video above. "Because we have less revenue, we are not putting the same money we used to put into research ... infrastructure ... [or] education. We are creating a more and more inefficient economy in the name of 'tax cuts will save us.'"
But they won't, says Johnston. "The empirical evidence that tax cuts produce jobs ... just doesn't exist."
Tax increases, on the other hand, are helping to produce jobs in California, where job growth is about 50% faster than the rest of the country, says Johnston. He favors more government investment in research, infrastructure and education and changing incentives so that money flows out of finance and into productive assets.
More from Yahoo Finance
The American Dream is alive but it will cost you $130k a year
America's bridges and roads are crumbling, can private companies fix the problem?
Ditching the U.S. for tax breaks
Protesters block a road at Anandabazar in Baksa district on Sunday. Picture by UB Photos
Kokrajhar, July 13: A top Baksa official today confirmed that all four traders abducted by suspected militants on Friday had been killed.
Special search teams found the bodies of three of the four missing traders at Hakuanala on the banks of the Manas in Baksa district today, 2km from where the body of Abu Bakar Siddique was recovered yesterday at Kamargaon in Barpeta district.
Siddique and his fellow traders — Rabul Amin, Saddam Hussain and Atwar Ali — were part of a seven-member group from Bogoribari in Barpeta district which had gone to Labdanguri to do business when they were abducted.
Labdanguri is 20km from Bogiribari, which is nearly 150km from Guwahati.
Three of the group had returned to Bogiribari earlier.
Confirming the recovery of the three bodies, Baksa deputy commissioner Vinod Seshan said, “All the bodies were recovered from Hakuanala today.”
Sources said the four were abducted and killed right away. There was no report of any ransom demand. Hakuanala, where the three bodies were found, is about 5km from Labdanguri from where the traders were abducted.
Dispur today said the Baksa incident was the handiwork of the NDFB (S) in its attempt to divert attention from the constant operation being carried out by security forces against the militant group.
“Four bodies have been recovered. The army, CRPF and the police have been carrying out operations to catch the culprits involved in the incident,” a statement said.
The outfit has, however, denied its involvement.
The state government has also announced financial assistance of Rs 8 lakh to the next of kin of the victims according to the provisions in the government scheme, the statement said.
The administration had launched a massive search operation involving the army, CRPF, police and two quick reaction teams since yesterday to trace the four traders.
The teams have been constituted to deal with critical and emergency situations. This is the first time they are being utilised in Baksa or anywhere else in the BTAD.
The NDFB (S) is a breakaway faction of the Ranjan Daimary group of the NDFB, which came into existence in 2012 after Daimary was arrested in connection with serial blasts. The faction had since been carrying out abduction, extortion and killing, including that of five passengers of a night bus on National Highway 31-(C) near Athiabari Tinali under Serfanguri police station in Kokrajhar district in January this year.
Seshan said the situation was under control though the police fired in the air and caned a mob which had gathered to protest the killings.
In another incident, a businessman, Hari Agarwala, was injured and his son Ajit was killed when the duo were shot at by unidentified men in their house at Balisiya under Rowta police station in Udalguri district of the troubled BTAD last night.
In another related incident, five persons were injured when the police beat them up at Bhaukamari chowk under Anandabazar police outpost in Baksa for violating curfew, which is in place since yesterday morning. Hearing of the incident, the local residents came out in large numbers and tried to attack the police force, forcing them to fire in the air. The people later blocked the Anandabazar-Gobardhana-Barpeta road for over two hours demanding action against the policemen.
The district administration had clamped curfew since 9am yesterday in areas under Gobardhana police station and Anandabazar police outpost for an indefinite period to thwart any untoward incident in retaliation to the abductions.
The curfew was relaxed for an hour this evening from 5.30pm.
Tension and anger have gripped the volatile Bodo belt after the incident.
Over 40 people had lost their lives in the violence in Baksa and Kokrajhar districts on May 1 and 2.
MELBOURNE has been one of this season's surprise packets with three players playing a key role in the Demons' 2-2 start to 2016.
Ruckman Max Gawn, who leads the League in hit-outs, hard-nosed midfielder Jack Viney and forward Jack Watts have been fantastic for the Demons and all three have made the AFL's Team of the Week for round four, brought to you by Accor Hotels.
There are plenty of familiar faces joining the trio of Dees this week, with Hawk Sam Mitchell, Western Bulldogs youngsters Lachie Hunter and Shane Biggs, Tiger Alex Rance, plus North's Jarrad Waite and the Coleman Medal leader, Gold Coast's Tom Lynch, earning repeat nominations.
Essendon's third-gamer Michael Hartley, exciting Greater Western Sydney defender Nathan Wilson and teammate Rory Lobb, plus Swans' teenager Isaac Heeney have also made the side in a great sign for the competition's emerging stars.
JASPER PITTARD (Port Adelaide) – While most of the Power were sub-standard, the rebounding defender fought hard all day against the odds and 75 GWS inside 50s to rack up 32 disposals.
MICHAEL HARTLEY (Essendon) – The key-position draftee stood Geelong star Tom Hawkins and kept the power forward to just five marks and, more importantly, no goals.
MICHAEL FIRRITO (North Melbourne) – Provided plenty of run and drive from defence for the Kangaroos in a high-scoring game against Fremantle, with seven rebound 50s for the winners.
SHANE BIGGS (Western Bulldogs) – Another 32 disposals off half-back for the 24-year-old who has been brilliant so far this year and will need to continue that form after the loss of Bob Murphy and Jason Johannisen.
ALEX RANCE (Richmond) –Took on Coleman medallist Josh Kennedy in the west and did the job to perfection as well as picking up 26 touches and taking 11 marks.
NATHAN WILSON (Greater Western Sydney) – Has finally consolidated his place in the Giants' defence and, with his speed and outstanding kicking ability, has become a major attacking weapon for his side.
LACHIE HUNTER (Western Bulldogs) – The recently re-signed Dog had a game-high 33 possessions to keep his average above 30 for the season, as well as six hard-fought clearances.
SAM MITCHELL (Hawthorn) – Just can't stop getting the footy and had another 44 touches against the Saints, 31 of those handballs, and 20 of them contested, as well as 10 clearances.
DAN HANNEBERY (Sydney Swans) – The dual All Australian worked tirelessly all night in a losing side against the Crows, and finished with 38 touches, eight clearances and seven inside 50s.
NAT FYFE (Fremantle) –Last year's Brownlow medallist bounced back to his very best but his four goals, 27 possessions, seven tackles and seven clearances couldn't help the Dockers over the line.
JARRAD WAITE (North Melbourne) –Another class performance from the 33-year-old, who now has 16 goals this year and looks on track to beat his previous season-best of 42 from 2015.
Jarrad Waite gives North an edge late in the quarter. #AFLNorthFreo https://t.co/iraZ7gkkmH — AFL (@AFL) April 17, 2016
PEARCE HANLEY (Brisbane Lions) – The Irishman led the Lions to a sensational upset win over Gold Coast in the QClash with 28 touches, seven inside 50s and two goals.
ISAAC HEENEY (Sydney Swans) – It was another exciting showing from the teenager, who kicked four goals in the game of the round and upstaged Lance Franklin as the Swans' most dangerous forward.
TOM J. LYNCH (Gold Coast) – Leads the Coleman medal tally with 18 goals after two hauls of four and another two of five, and looks to be the in-form key forward of the competition.
JACK WATTS (Melbourne) – The much-maligned Demon took another step forward towards becoming the talent the footy world has been waiting for with eight marks and four first-half goals against Collingwood.
MAX GAWN (Melbourne) – Well on his way to his goal of becoming the game's best ruckman, the cult figure leads the league for hit outs and is inspiring the Dees.
SCOTT THOMPSON (Adelaide) – Up against the powerful Swans midfield, Thompson had 27 disposals and laid 10 tackles in a thrilling win for the Crows.
JACK ZIEBELL (North Melbourne) – In one of the best all-round performances of the season, the tough midfielder had 26 touches, eight clearances, seven inside 50s and kicked three goals for the Kangas.
RORY LOBB (Greater Western Sydney) – Has emerged at the perfect time with Jeremy Cameron suspended and Cam McCarthy on personal leave, Lobb is a valuable back-up ruckman and dangerous tall forward as he showed with four goals against Port.
205cm Rory Lobb found himself playing the role of the small forward to kick this goal. #AFLGiantsPower https://t.co/yMqtcYO0hp — AFL (@AFL) April 17, 2016
LUKE SHUEY (West Coast) – One of the many West Coast onballers to gather the footy at will and also hit the scoreboard, Shuey also laid nine tackles against Richmond to go with 22 touches and two goals.
JACK VINEY (Melbourne) – With young talent like this coming through there's a lot to be excited about for Melbourne fans. Viney had eight centre clearances and six tackles to go with 31 disposals.
DAVID ARMITAGE (ST Kilda) – Took it right up to the Hawks with 35 touches and six tackles, and continues to show the way for the young Saints midfield group.
• Check out how fans voted on previous teams of the week
• How your team's players fared in this weekend's state leagues
So you're saying there's a chance?!
The Mets and Rockies “have been quietly discussing” a trade that would send All-Star shortstop Troy Tulowitzki to New York, according to WFAN and CBSSports.com baseball insider Jon Heyman. Colorado would receive top pitching prospect Noah Syndergaard as part of a package in the potential blockbuster.
Though the talks have been ongoing, the sides aren't close to completing a deal, Heyman reported.
“New York and Colorado have been surreptitiously talking names for weeks, and while there's said to be some progress, it still feels like they are almost in the early stages with several hurdles to go,” Heyman reported on CBSSports.com, “including ultimately whether the Rockies owning Monfort brothers would sign off on such a deal for their beloved superstar shortstop.”
On WFAN radio Friday, Heyman said he believes it's not out of the question that an agreement could be reached.
“Yes. I think so,” Heyman told Joe Benigno and Evan Roberts. “There are a lot of hurdles. Obviously, the first is he's got $118 million to go, and they'll have to work out some kind of compensation package there. Another hurdle is (Tulowitzki) probably has to approve the trade, or at least nod, even though he doesn't have a no-trade (clause). Another one is his health. The Mets will have to take a close look at that if they can agree on the prospects and the money. And the last one is Rockies ownership. They've told some other teams Tulo is not available. … It's possible that they like the Mets' package better than some other teams', and they'd rather deal with the Mets.”
Huzzah, it's finally done!! I started this vector in a livestream about a week and a half ago, and it started as a show trace and evolved into a fully shaded piece. Here's Sweetie Belle in the CMC's thinking corner doing some very deep pondering. I don't think there's a part of this vector that's gone unshadedI tried to develop my shading style a bit more, and used a lot of different techniques to try to pull it all off.I'm currently working on Ponyscape v0.2, right now I'm trying to redo the layering system to make it more efficient and useful, but it's not really going as smooth as I would've hoped. Hopefully soon I'll have another release, and I'll be sure to fix building on Linux and Mac for the next version.Anyhow, I hope you like this vector! Feel free to critique it! Svg can be found here: [link] If you do use this (or any of my other artwork), please let me know so I can check out what you make with it!
How do we recognize a face? To date, most research has answered “holistically”: We look at all the features—eyes, nose, mouth—simultaneously and, perceiving the relationships among them, gain an advantage over taking in each feature individually. Now a new study overturns this theory. The researchers—Jason M. Gold and Patrick J. Mundy of the Indiana University and Bosco S. Tjan of the University of Southern California—found that people's performance in recognizing a whole face is no better than their performance with each individual feature shown alone. “Surprisingly, the whole was not greater than the sum of its parts,” says Gold. The findings appear in the journal Psychological Science, which is published by the Association for Psychological Science.
To predict each participant's best possible performance in putting together the individual features, the investigators used a theoretical model called an “optimal Bayesian integrator” (OBI). The OBI measures someone's success in perceiving a series of sources of information—in this case, facial features—and combines them as if they were using the sources together just as they would when perceiving them one by one. Their score recognizing the combination of features (the whole face) should equal the sum of the individual-feature scores. If the whole-face performance exceeds this sum, it implies that the relationships among the features enhanced the information processing—that is, “holistic” facial recognition exists.
In the first experiment participants were shown fuzzy images of three male and three female faces. Then either one feature—a left or right eye, nose, or mouth—or all four in proper face-like relationships appeared on the screen. That image would disappear and, if they saw an eye, all six eyes would appear; if a whole face, six whole faces. The participants clicked on the feature or face they'd just seen. In a second experiment, the whole-face images were superimposed on face-shaped ovals—in case such context helps holistic recognition, as is often claimed. In both experiments, participants' performance with the whole faces was no better than with the isolated features—and no better than the OBI—indicating that the facial features were not processed holistically when shown in combination.
“The OBI offers a clearly defined mathematical framework for studying what historically has been a rather loosely defined set of concepts,” says Gold.
The findings may offer promise in understanding the cognitive disorder prosopagnosia, the inability to recognize faces, and could also help in constructing better face-recognition software for security. But the real value, says Gold, is in basic research. “If you want to understand the complexities of the human mind, then understanding the basic processes that underlie how we perceive patterns and objects is an important part of that puzzle.”
Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-TX) today spoke to the Family Research Council's Tony Perkins and the American Family Association's Tim Wildmon about the sale of bibles in LifeWay stores, which is affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention. The stores were selling Bibles with the emblems of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps. However, the store's permission to use such trademarks “was revoked when the military revamped its trademark licensing regulations in 2011.”
A LifeWay spokesman told Fox News that “after selling existing inventory of those bibles, B&H [Publishing] replaced the official seals with generic insignias which continue to sell well and provide spiritual guidance and comfort to those who serve.” The Defense Department also “stressed that the revocation was solely a trademark issue.”
But Religious Right groups instead are blaming the decision on the Military Religious Freedom Foundation, and Huelskamp alleged that the Obama administration is the main culprit. He said that “folks on the left” would “like to delete, exclude and repeal any religious liberties or any religious values throughout our entire government and our entire society,” and argued that the administration seeks to use the military as a “training ground for a radical, leftist agenda.”
Perkins and Huelskamp later twisted the story to claim that soldiers are now being deprived of Bibles, even though the only thing that changed was the logo and not the publication, and suggested that the move could contribute to mental health problems and suicide among soldiers.
Extension program by Exxon Mobil Corp. was reported on Monday that it arrangements to burn through $20 billion more than ten years on 11 plants along the Inlet Drift, bringing about the making of 45,000 employments – an activity which the White House said outlines his “guarantee to convey back occupations to America.”
In independent proclamations discharged Monday, both Exxon and the White House said the “Developing the Inlet” extension program “comprises of 11 noteworthy concoctions, refining, ointment and melted regular gas ventures at proposed new and existing offices along the Texas and Louisiana coasts.” About development program.
Since Exxon discharged its first explanation about the extension program, some scrutinized the White House's previously mentioned utilization of almost indistinguishable dialect in its announcement. In any case, a White House official revealed to ABC News, “the development program has a wide range of segments to it, and we went straight to the hotspot for some of our data.”
Of the 45,000 occupations, Exxon said will be made by the 11 tasks, administrator and Chief Darren Woods said “a large portion of these are high-talented, lucrative employments averaging about $100,000 a year. What's more, these employments will have a multiplier impact, making numerous more occupations in the groups that administration these new ventures.”
In its development program explanation, the White House connected the extension program to the Trump organization. “President Trump made a guarantee to convey back occupations in America,” peruses the announcement. “The soul of confidence clearing the nation is now boosting work development, and it is just the start.”
Trump said in the announcement, “This is precisely the sort of speculation, monetary improvement and occupation creation that will help give Americans back something to do. A large number of the items that will be made here in the Assembled States by American laborers will be sent out to different nations, enhancing or adjust of exchange. This is a genuine American example of overcoming adversity.”
What's more, the president additionally composed a progression of tweets about the declaration. One peruses, “Purchase American and contract American are the standards at the center of my motivation, which is: Employments, Occupations, Employments! Many thanks to you @exxonmobil.”
Trump additionally tweeted a video in which he adulates “the immense organization Exxon Mobil” for its extension arrange.
In any case, Exxon's extension plan was brought forth much sooner than Trump went into the White House: ventures started in 2013, amid Barack Obama's administration, and are relied upon to proceed through no less than 2022, as per Exxon.
As yet, amid a keynote discourse Monday at an oil and gas industry meeting in Houston, Woods offered credit to the Trump organization.
“Ventures of this scale require an ace development approach and a stable administrative condition and we value the President's dedication to both,” Woods said. “The vitality business has demonstrated it can work securely and mindfully. Private division venture is improved by this current Organization's support for savvy directions that bolster development while ensuring the earth.”
As per The Related Press, The whole of $20 billion of the extension program would be generally equivalent to Exxon's aggregate capital spending a year ago. The organization reported a week ago that it arrangements to expand general ventures to a normal of $25 billion a year from 2018 to 2020.
Time to take stock of our situation. It's 0543, we have perfect visibility, nearly 7,000 meters. The Soviets are pushing on three locations. One, to the south of Bad Neustadt. The other, just east, and the last is crossing near Heustreu.
At some point I might have to pull back. I'd rather that's not now. But there's one Company of T-80's in the same location as I have some M1's and some Cav scouts. If I pull back now I'll lose one of my VP locations for sure. I'll hold for one more cycle and then see if we can hold or not.
If we can't then we'll extricate and head West onto the ridges. That'll give us great position to use our 120mm cannons to great effect, especially on a clear day.
0545 : We trade a single M1 for three T-80's right on the East edge of Bad Neustadt.
0548 : One more M1 down. But the backup is moving in quick like. I've got two more platoons of M1's headed into town along with Cav scouts. Send in the Bradleys!
0548 : We destroy a BMP-2 from 4,300 meters. Nice shot!
0548 : Three more T-80's down. That company is almost finished.
Well, I hadn't expected to see that! If the losses get high enough the scenario will end. Normally I see this when I lose all of my troops. How much further will we need to bleed them?
If we can just move into position throughout Bad Neustadt I think we can hold the city.
0550 : Two BMP-2's down and a mechanized rifle squad.
0551 : Two more BMP-2's. This is all from the units to the south of town.
0553 : 1 T-80 down.
0553 : 3 BMP-2's.
0553 : 2 more BMP-2's to the south. We also snag a pair of HQ units in that mix.
0555 : Airstrike! The Soviets send in a bomber and hit my platoon of M1's that's holding the bridge. Luckily we don't lose any. But man, I hope those reserve units come in. They're running low on ammo.
0556 : T-80 destroyed.
0557 : M1 lost on the southern crossing.
0600 : Another platoon of Cav scouts arrive but I can't give them any orders for 34 more minutes.
0600 : 3 M1s lost! Ouch! Instead of either staying in the tree line or getting into the city they've sat in the open and are duking it out with some T-80's across the river.
0605 : Lost a Bradley covering that east crossing.
0606 : T-80 Destroyed.
0608 : T-80 destroyed just past the Heustreu bridge. This was the last surviving tank of that Company.
0610 : More Cav scouts! Again, way up in Wollbach. 24 minutes until orders.
0611 : T-80 destroyed, just east of Bad Neustadt.
Map update! We've got 20 minutes till order time. The big push is coming just east of Bad Neustadt. We've got three half strength companies of Soviet Armor coming in. The infantry attack in the south has been repulsed, but with the loss of two M1's. I'm pretty confident we can hold the area near Wollbach so I'll be moving that platoon of M1's soon.
0615 : Another airstrike! This time they go after HQ/D/2nd ACR. No losses this time either.
0619 : Mortars take out a T-80 as it's crossing the bridge. Go artillery!
0621 : T-80 destroyed.
0625 : The last M1 from 2/D/2nd was destroyed. That platoon was caught in the open, what a bummer. I should've steered them across the plains. Now I definitely need to move 1/A/2nd down to cover that gap.
9 minutes until orders.
0627 : Bradley's claim a T-80.
0630 : One BMP-2 destroyed.
0631 : Two more T-80's destroyed.
Bingo!
As it stands right now I'm holding a decent share of victory point locations. Couple that with Soviet losses and I'm on top. Not great by any means, but a marginal victory. I likely could send in my remaining armor and cavalry to retake the VP at Heustreu, but I'd rather not lose them. I don't know what's on the other side of that bridge. I'm going to run this until orders time and see how it looks.
0632 : 2 T-80's down.
0634 : My orders phase. I think I'm going to call it a marginal victory.
So how'd I do?
Hmm, lost roughly half of my M1's. That's a pretty crappy stat. The most resilient groups of M1's were paired with Cav Scouts in the OB. I'll definitely do that again. I should have done it with the others…
Great googly moogly! Destroyed 24 T-80's, knocked out 25 more. Out of 34 BMP-2's, they ended up with just 4 functional units.
It could've been worse. Digging in helped immensely along with holding the right spots.
And this is the final map. Heustreu would have been tough. They have a platoon of BRDM-2's with AT weapons mounted. Plus I see a half strength company of T-80's in the wood line. Oddly enough I see self propelled artillery. I don't think we ever came under fire from them. Ever. Did they just appear maybe? I'm certain I took no shots from them.
So, next time?
Pair up M1A1's with Cav platoons. Cover Northwest of Heustreu. There's a ridge line that might have offered some good shots and helped us contest Heustreu. Keep some recon on the other side of the river. I kept 1/A/2nd near Wollbach, they were the least productive of all my armor. But did they keep the Soviets from pushing that edge? Next time I might just leave some Bradley's to cover that.
That's the thing I like about this game. There's a next time. I can try out a totally different strategy. Then, to top it all off, I can test it out from the Soviet side.
Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed. If you have comments, please leave them below. Want to see something? Let me know!
Share. Bane! Harley Quinn! Catwoman! 37 others! Bane! Harley Quinn! Catwoman! 37 others!
LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham has received a Season Pass, along with news of specially-themed DLC packs.
Six DLC packs will be available, which can be purchased individually for £2.55 or collectively via the Season Pass for £12.79 on PS4, Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS3, and PC, with each including a unique themed mission level with story and free play modes. Across all the DLC packs, 40 new characters, vehicles and achievements will be unlockable.
The first three DLC packs will arrive on November 14, with more coming at a later date. They are The Dark Knight Pack, the man of Steel Pack and the Batman 75th Pack. The first sees you experience the iconic chase scene from the movie, along with a multitude of vehicles and you're stepping into the shoes of both Batman and Commissioner Gordon, as well as the Joker and his goons as they chase down Dent's police escort. Bane and Catwoman will also be playable.
The Man of Steel pack, meanwhile, will task you with helping Jor-El, his wife Lara and robot Kelex send the infant Superman to Earth as Krypton falls, and even face off against General Zod. Finally, the Batman 75th Pack lets you play as Joker and Harley as you get to check out a range of iconic faces, including Batman in his first appearance in Detective Comics #27.
For more on LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham, including the features that made us brand it a LEGO title to keep an eye on, check our impressions from our time with the title.
Luke Karmali is IGN UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
Protesters in Charlotte, North Carolina, in September after the fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott. Brian Blanco/Getty Images
The new White House website went live following Donald Trump's inauguration Friday, and it contained a bracing message implicitly directed to supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement: Your kind is not welcome in Trump's America.
“The Trump Administration will be a law and order administration,” reads a page on the website titled “Standing Up for Our Law Enforcement Community.” It continues: “President Trump will honor our men and women in uniform and will support their mission of protecting the public. The dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America is wrong. The Trump Administration will end it.”
In case it wasn't clear who and what the Trump administration blames for this “anti-police atmosphere,” the website clarified: “Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the rioter, the looter, or the violent disrupter.”
Given the endorsement Trump received from the Fraternal Order of Police and his consistent praise of police officers on the campaign trail, it's not surprising that he feels revved up about being a “law and order” president who will defend the honor of the nation's men and women in blue. Still, it was chilling to see such unambiguous evidence of his contempt for those who've protested against police violence—and the strength of his apparent resolve to snuff out their movement—appear on the official White House website just minutes after he officially became president.
How this contempt will be turned into policy remains to be seen. But insofar as the Obama administration was an ally to Black Lives Matter—and it was, if only through the Justice Department's series of scathing reports on systemic racism and misconduct in police departments in Ferguson, Missouri; Baltimore; and Chicago—Trump has now promised, in his official capacity as the 45th president of the United States, to be its enemy.
Nutronics Labs Ultra IGF-1 Plus - 10,000ng of IGF-1, IGF-2 & Other Growth Factors
Would you like to boost your energy levels and your recovery time from exercising? With 10,000 nanograms of IGF-1, IGF-2 & other growth factors from the World's Purest Deer Antler Velvet, Ultra is specially formulated to help people who want to live a healthy lifestyle.
Other Ingredients: Purified water, Natural and Artificial flavors, Xylitol, Citric Acid, Lecithin, Potassium Sorbate (as preservative.)
Dosage and Directions:
It is very important to follow these directions in order to achieve optimal results!
Caution: Do not use if outer seal is broken. Not intended for individuals under the age of 18. Consult your health care provider prior to use if you are pregnant or nursing, have a medical condition, or when taking any medication.
These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Shake well before use. As a dietary supplement, spray 2 times under tongue, 3 times per day. Hold the liquid under your tongue without swallowing for 20 seconds. This allows the formula to penetrate through your endocrine glands. Then the active molecules are then released directly into your bloodstream. This is how Nutronics Labs' liposome technology is able to deliver an enhanced bioavailability!
Click here to see what WebMD says about Deer Antler Velvet
Please check with your physician before taking any supplement. If you are in any kind of sports program please check with the rules and regulations of your governing body before taking this product.
This article has been updated.
Early on Monday morning, news broke that Paul Manafort and his former business partner Rick Gates were turning themselves in to federal authorities to face charges related to special counsel Robert S. Mueller III's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
Below, an overview of why Manafort in particular may have been ensnared by Mueller's investigation.
Who is Paul Manafort?
Paul Manafort is a longtime political consultant and lobbyist in Washington. His career took two tracks that are important for understanding how we got to this point.
The first is that Manafort helped multiple Republican presidential nominees manage their efforts at their party conventions, including Gerald Ford in 1976, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1984 and George H. W. Bush in 1988. He also managed Bob Dole's 1996 presidential bid.
The second is that Manafort also worked on behalf of a number of questionable international actors, including Filipino dictator Ferdinand Marcos and the Russia-backed president of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych. Yanukovych was ousted in 2014, during the period in which Russia-Ukraine tensions spiked. Much more on this below.
[Paul Manafort's long, murky history of political interventions]
What was his relationship to Trump?
In March 2016, as Donald Trump was trying to ensure his victory in the Republican nomination fight, he hired Manafort to help corral delegates for the upcoming convention. At the time, you may remember, there was a lot of talk about whether or not Republican delegates pledged to Trump would hold steady as the convention unfolded. Manafort had helped Ford with that task in 1976, fending off a challenge from Reagan. The recommendation to hire Manafort came from Trump's longtime ally Roger Stone, who'd formed a lobbying firm with Manafort after the 1980 election.
Manafort accepted a position with the Trump campaign for no salary. Manafort's questionable business associations were well known, but, at the time, Trump was still having trouble attracting top-tier Republican staffers who were skeptical that Trump was a viable candidate.
Once on the campaign, he butted heads with campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. In late June, Trump's children helped convince him to oust Lewandowski and elevate Manafort, who became campaign chairman. He held that senior position with the campaign until August. On the day he resigned, former House speaker Newt Gingrich told Fox News' Sean Hannity that “nobody should underestimate how much Paul Manafort did to really help get this campaign to where it is right now.”
In addition to hand-picking @VP Manafort led the effort to put down the rebellion at the convention. By far most impt person in campaign. — John Weaver (@JWGOP) October 30, 2017
Why did he part ways with Trump?
For this, we need to talk a bit more about Manafort's background.
In 2006, Manafort's company (of which Gates was part) signed a multi-year agreement with a Russian oligarch named Oleg Deripaska apparently based on a 2005 proposal in which Manafort outlined a strategy that would “greatly benefit the [Russian president Vladimir] Putin Government.” Deripaska is closely tied to Putin.
That same year, Manafort began working with Yanukovych's Party of Regions in Ukraine. In 2010, Yanukovych was elected as that country's president. In 2014, he was ousted during a popular uprising in the country largely because of his sympathies for Russia.
A ledger found in a former Party of Regions office in Kiev reported last year indicated that Manafort may have received nearly $13 million in off-the-record payments from the party during his time working with them. Manafort denied the allegation, but the Associated Press later confirmed some of the payments.
At the time, Trump was facing a number of questions about his relationship with Russia and any financial ties to the country. Revelation that his campaign chairman may have been paid by a Russian-backed political party helped spur Trump to oust Manafort from his position.
Does this news prove that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia?
No.
It's important to remember that the investigation by Mueller is looking at Russian meddling in the 2016 election as well as any possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russian agents. But as an arm of the Justice Department, Mueller's team is also authorized to investigate “any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.”
Think about it this way. If the police were called to your house to interview you about noise complaint and saw you standing over a dead body holding a knife, that might also come up as a subject of conversation.
What do the charges relate to?
The indictment includes 12 counts, focused on a few things: Misleading the government, failing to register as a foreign agent, laundering money and failing to report foreign income.
It includes a conspiracy charge which is broadly about misleading the government, including that Manafort (and Gates) provided false statements to investigators and failed to register as foreign agents. (Manafort eventually did so in June after his work with the campaign drew attention to himself.) This is not a charge the Manafort conspired against the United States on behalf of Russia during the election.
The financial charges relate to $75 million that Manafort and Gates earned overseas, $18 million of which was then allegedly laundered by Manafort. This money was apparently largely earned through the pair's work in Ukraine.
It's important to note that these investigations predate Manafort's time as head of the Trump campaign. In 2014, the FBI began an investigation into Manafort, including a wiretap. (That same year, Deripaska accused Manafort and Gates of taking $19 million from him that was meant to be invested in a cable network in Ukraine.) The investigation into Manafort was restarted in the spring of last year. BuzzFeed reports that the FBI is investigating wire transfers that were made in 2012 and 2013. In other words, even had he not worked with Trump's campaign, Manafort might have faced an indictment like this anyway.
Does this close the door on whether or not Manafort was involved in colluding on the campaign?
The main caveat worth remembering here is that Manafort was out of the campaign by August — meaning that he wasn't there for the closing days of Trump's effort. That said, there are two ways in which Manafort and Russian interests overlapped during his time on the campaign.
The first relates to Deripaska, the Putin-allied oligarch. Shortly after Manafort started with the campaign, he emailed a business partner in Ukraine and asked how his new position might be used to “get whole,” asking if Deripaska's team was aware of his new position. Later in the campaign, Manafort sought to pass word to Deripaska that a private briefing on the campaign might be possible. It doesn't seem to have happened.
(Worth noting: During the campaign, the Trump campaign — then managed by Manafort — worked to remove language in the party platform about arming Ukraine in its efforts against Russia.)
Manafort was also one of the participants in the infamous Trump Tower meeting set up by Donald Trump Jr. and involving a Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer who was offering dirt on Hillary Clinton. During that meeting, Trump Jr. described Manafort as being on his phone the whole time, hinting that the content was not interesting to the campaign chairman. Later, though, Manafort turned over notes from the meeting that he'd taken on his phone.
It is possible that the Manafort indictment is meant to serve as leverage in Mueller's broader investigation. There is no mention in the indictment of Trump. In 2006, Manafort bought a condominium in Trump Tower. Other New York real estate Manafort purchased in 2012 is listed in the indictment because the money used to buy the properties wasn't included in his tax returns.
More charges could be filed against Manafort in the future.
Are there still ties between Manafort and Trump?
Trump has a pattern of continuing to talk with people he'd once hired on the campaign, even if they'd been fired. It's not clear if that was maintained with Manafort, though Manafort did call former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus shortly before Trump's inauguration. Update: During Monday's White House press briefing, White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said that Manafort and Trump last spoke in February.
The Daily Beast reported in June that Gates was a regular visitor to the White House, working with Trump ally Tom Barrack. (Barrack recently fretted over Trump's presidency in an interview with The Post.)
How does this fit into the overall investigation into Russian meddling?
Below, our interactive timeline of how and when Russia and the Trump campaign may have intersected.
PAZARDZHIK, Bulgaria — The man who beat Floyd Mayweather Jr. lives across the street from a burned-out coffee hut with a giant banana painted on its back wall. Around the bend, leaning in the tall grass, is a corroded shed holding ancient farming equipment. Every so often a horse trots down the craggy road, pulling a splintered cart and a rider toward the center of one of this country's poorest towns.
Late Tuesday morning, the man who beat Mayweather, Serafim Todorov, stood on the curb here. He was in front of the seven-floor concrete apartment building where he, his wife, his son and his pregnant daughter-in-law live in a modest first-floor unit. Todorov talked with his son, Simeon. He watched a horse clop by. He smoked a cigarette. Then he went inside, sat in a chair and, like a teakettle perched on a glowing stove, steamed to a rolling boil as he remembered what happened in Atlanta 19 years ago.
The victory by Todorov, then 27, over Mayweather, then 19, in the featherweight semifinals of the 1996 Olympic boxing tournament was the last time Mayweather lost in the ring. A few months later, Mayweather turned professional and began a career that has produced 47 consecutive victories and hundreds of millions of dollars in earnings. On May 2 in Las Vegas, Mayweather will have a long-awaited showdown with Manny Pacquiao in what many are calling the richest fight in boxing history.
Yet for Todorov, now 45, the stark gap between his life and Mayweather's since their match — the loser is worth an estimated $280 million, and the winner does not even own a flat-screen TV — is not what roils him. It is the circumstances behind his life's unraveling that have made him sour.
July 2, 2015 - TF2 Team
An update to Team Fortress 2 has been released. The update will be applied automatically when you restart Team Fortress 2. The major changes include:
The Gun Mettle Update has arrived!
Comic and additional information available on the website (http://www.teamfortress.com/gunmettle)
3 featured community maps: Borneo, Snowplow and Suijin
New Control Point map: Powerhouse
4 new weapon collections with new decorated weapons
2 new weapon cases
New weapon-inspect animations
Added featured items to the main menu
2 new community taunts: The Proletariat Posedown and The Box Trot
New group taunt: The Kazotsky Kick
5 new Powerhouse achievements
Pick-up dropped weapons in-game (if usable by your class)
Security/crash fixes (thanks to Nathaniel Theis for these reports) Fixed a crash when parsing a malformed network packet Fixed a .wav file exploit Fixed a .bsp file exploit
Fixed another client crash related to demo playback and skipping tick
Fixed a client crash related to the the HUD
Fixed a case where some gifted items would use [unknown] for the gift giver
Fixed the achievement tracker being visible during demo playback
Added a slider to the Advanced Options menu that adjusts the volume of the hit sound when you damage an enemy
Added player avatars to the target ID panel
Added numerical health value to the target ID health display
Fixed being able to open the class menu while connected to SourceTV
Updated Duels to not consume a duel for a non-zero tie
Improved tf_bot_quota_mode team balance logic when using "fill""
Random damage spread is off by default (convar tf_damage_disablespread). Existing users will still use their currently set value.
Auto reload is on by default (convar cl_autoreload). Existing users will still use their currently set value.
Added new convar tf_player_movement_restart_freeze (default 1) that controls the freeze period at the beginning of round
Fixed not seeing unusual effects during demo playback and while connected to SourceTV
Added new convar tv_delaymapchange_protect (default 1) to prevent manual map changes if SourceTV has not caught up with a major event like the end of a round Fixes tv_delaymapchange not preventing a manual map change on the dedicated server while SourceTV still has buffered data
Added individual player-ready state for tournament mode Added new convar mp_tournament_readymode (allows tournament mode to use a per-player ready system) Added new convar mp_tournament_readymode_min (minimum number of players required on the server before players can toggle ready status) Added new convar mp_tournament_readymode_team_size (minimum number of players required to be ready per-team before the game can begin) Added new convar mp_tournament_readymode_countdown (the number of seconds before a match begins when both teams are ready)
Updated the tournament spectator GUI to sort players by class
Added teammate player glow outlines, names, and health bars for spectators Server toggle: convar tf_spec_xray (defaults to on), Client can toggle in the Advanced Options menu
Added a new startup music track
Added 'Inspect Item' context command in the backpack for decorated weapons and the Campaign Coin
Lootlist descriptions now have a checkmark on items you already own
Added "Get Key" and "Get Key and Open" backpack context options for crates and cases
Added "Sell on Steam Marketplace" backpack context option for eligable items
Marketable items that have a temporary trade restriction can be put up on the Steam Marketplace
Fixed an issue where pressing or pressing the Back button would select the stock item in the loadout item selection menu instead of canceling the selection Inspect Target has been changed to Inspect Target or Item. While having a decorated weapon deployed with no target under the cross hair and then pressing the bound inspect key (+inspect), an interruptible view model animation will play. Updated the backpack to use borders for the different weapon qualities Updated various weapon descriptions to better detail the weapon's features Updated the scoreboard to display campaign coins Maps Workshop Beta Fixed an exploit that could be used with workshop maps to bypass sv_allow_server_pointcommand Fixed an issue causing workshop maps whose fully qualified name exceeded 32 characters to not properly load from mapcycle files Fixed several bugs loading and working with maps with longer names Hammer Tools changes vbsp now accepts -embed as an optional path to look for map resources. These resources will be used by to compile and embedded into the resultant BSP. vrad will now use resources embedded in the BSP file hammer now accepts -insert_search_path as an alternate path to load resources from during development bspzip gained a -repack command, to repackage a BSP file "bspzip -repack -compress " can be used to create compressed BSP files as used by the TF maps workshop "bzipzip -repack " can be used on compressed BSPs to repackage them as non-compressed BSPs for use in tools that do not yet support them, such as SFM Increased maximum userspace memory available to vrad and vvis tools to support compiling maps with complex visibility and lighting that require more than 1.6gibibytes of memory Updated Mann vs. Machine Expert tours now require completion of at least one advanced tour Fixed not getting the bonus if any red cash from a Sniper headshot burns out before picking up all the green cash Fixed being able to change class while at an upgrade station Fixed an exploit related to vote restarting and canteen specialist Only allow skill respecs when between waves Skill respecs are now unlimited Added tf_mvm_respec_enabled (default 1) that replaces tf_mvm_respec_limit for on/off state Convar tf_mvm_respec_limit default changed to 0 (no limit)
Spy Spy no longer smacks himself in the face while reloading a revolver (New Spy revolver reload animation that does not block cross hair) Changing to a new disguise while already under a disguise takes 0.5 seconds instead of the normal disguise time of 2 seconds In the disguise menu, pressing 'reload' will also toggle the disguise team. While invisible, Spy receives 20% less damage from all damage sources While invisible, Spy has reduced timer on debuffs (fire, jarate, milk, bleed) Decreased the damage penalty on Sentries sapped by the Spy from -66% to -33% (i.e. shooting a Sentry the Spy sapped with a Revolver is now more effective)
Engineer Construction boosts (wrench hits, redeploys) from multiple sources is now additive instead of multiplicative. Calculations are based around a 1x base building speed. Increased base wrench construction speed on hit boost by 50%. Buildings now build 2.5x faster instead of just 2x (additive of 1.5x + base speed) Teleporters and Dispensers redeploy +50% faster (2.5x without wrench boost, 5.5x with wrench boost) Building pick up speed penalty reduced from 25% to 10% On Wrench equip change, buildings no longer self-destruct unless the building type is changed (i.e. Only Sentry explodes when switching from Wrench to Gunslinger) Building repair costs increased from 20 metal to 33 metal to repair 100hp per wrench hit (from 5HP per metal to 3HP per metal) Level 2 and Level 3 Sentries have less passive damage resistance against Heavy miniguns. Level 2 Sentry Minigun resistance changed from 20% to 15% and Level 3 Changed from 33% to 20%
Heavy Minigun damage penalty on Level 2 and Level 3 Sentries slightly decreased. Level 2 Sentry resistance changed from 20% to 15% and Level 3 changed from 33% to 20%
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 11, 2014, 9:45 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 12, 2014, 1:30 AM GMT
Want to make a good first impression in the world of online dating? It could cost you.
Way back when the Greatest Generation were courting, a good first impression meant attaining a base level of hygiene and human decency. Today, it often requires a stellar online dating profile — something that more people are putting in the hands of paid professionals.
The incentive? Millions of online daters, preening on services like OKCupid, are looking to make real connections. The stakes can be even higher on services like Tinder, which lets people choose each other based on their Facebook photos, and Glimpse, the Instagram-based dating app released for iOS on Tuesday, put a premium on how you present yourself.
So, yeah, that awkward photo from college graduation probably isn't going to cut it. That is why in cities across America, photographers on Craigslist are marketing their ability to craft the perfect online dating profile picture.
Rhe De Ville, a New York City-based actress and photographer, said she has noticed an uptick in people looking for professional profile photos over the last three years.
“In many ways, it's kind of like an audition,” De Ville, who charges $250 for her services, told NBC News. “You can have a stellar profile, but if that photo isn't connecting with people, it can kill a chance to meet an interesting person.”
Pro tip from De Ville: Avoid selfies at all cost. (She is talking to you, shirtless, flexing men in a club bathroom). Also, while professional photos are great, stiff headshots aren't. Natural poses are the way to go — ideally in around six total profile photos.
Of course, most people don't end up hiring a photographer. For every amateur photo, you might want to download an app like Beauty Box Photo and Facetune. The latter promises the ability to smooth over “wrinkles and small blemishes” with a swipe, “reshape” your face and patch up bald spots.
An actual line from Facetune's website: “No one will be able to ignore your deep, penetrating gaze!”
But what if eyes that could burn through steel aren't enough? Then it's time to turn to math. Several books have been recently released by people who "hacked" their way to romance.
Those include "Data, A Love Story: How I Gamed Online Dating to Meet My Match," by Amy Webb, and "Optimal Cupid: Mastering the Hidden Logic of OkCupid," by Christopher McKinlay, the mathematics Ph.D. who was recently featured in Wired for building an algorithm to sort through thousands of women in Los Angeles until he found his optimal date. Creepy? Kind of! But just imagine the stories you will get to tell your cyborg grandchildren.
Love Letters With Tinder, a few good photos are all that you need, which is great news for really, really, ridiculously good-looking people with limited writing skills.
But what about so-called "inner beauty?" Sites like OKCupid and Match.com require written profiles, which, ideally, let you share some of your personality through the power of words.
Yes, you can outsource that too. People like Lisa Hoehn, of Not-Just-OK Cupid, can simply write your dating profile for you. She talks with clients and peruses their Facebook profiles to find facts and interests that might stand out. Not having a generic profile, she told NBC News, is the best way to get a potential date interested.
“People will list things they can't live without, and they will put things like ‘laughing' and ‘my iPhone,'” she said. “Really, those things are true for most people. You're not going to find someone on an online dating site who hates laughter.”
The freelance writer spends anywhere from three to five hours on each profile, which will cost you around $150. How is business? Hoehn is so busy, she said, that she is looking into hiring more writers.
Everyone Dates OnlineIt's time to get over your aversion to meeting people through the Internet. In 2005, only 44 percent of Americans thought online dating was a "good way to meet people," according to a study by the Pew Research Center. Compare that to 2013, when a majority of Americans (54 percent) were onboard with meeting a potential partner on the Web.
Conclusion: Online dating is going increasingly mainstream. But that doesn't mean everyone is willing to share their profiles with friends. Instead, many people go to Reddit, where they can get honest — and often supportive and constructive — feedback. It might seem harrowing, but profiles are meant for people you don't know. At least this way you can get some advice in the process.
...to a new age in Scientific Understanding. This new Quantum Model of the Universe gives us immediate access to clean, limitless energy as harmful stockpiles of radioactive Matter are converted into radiant heat and light - replacing older carbon fuelled power plants and meeting the energy needs of growing countries while at the same time reducing our carbon footprint on this planet dramatically.
A doorway into the future has opened, it is up to us to dare peer through it and take our first steps into a new age of Humanity for all – where our Energy and resource needs can and will be met, and where we can strive together for the betterment of all species on Earth.
Tetryonics was recently published in the International Journal of Scientific and Research Publications
Workers at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Windsor Assembly Plant are facing a four-week shutdown beginning Oct. 2 to deal with necessary upgrades to airbags for the Dodge Caravan.
New U.S. safety rules mean the current Windsor-produced Caravans cannot be sold in the U.S. While the current model does not comply with new U.S. federal regulations it can be sold in Canada and Mexico.
“The Windsor Assembly Plant will be down for four weeks, starting the week of Oct. 2, to balance production with the anticipated volume shortfall related to the previously announced temporary production suspension of the 2017 Dodge Grand Caravan for the U.S. market only,” FCA Canada spokeswoman LouAnn Gosselin said in a statement.
“This action was taken to incorporate U.S. product regulatory actions that are required for the 2018 model year.”
FCA U.S. announced the suspension of production for the American market in June.
U.S. Chrysler dealers were warned then to stock up on Dodge Grand Caravans.
The shutdown affects some 6,000 workers at the Windsor plant.
All 2018 Dodge Caravans will have airbags that conform to the latest U.S. regulations. The Pacifica already meets the new standard.
'I can use my belly as a table': Meet the man with the world's stretchiest skin
Meet Gary 'Stretch' Turner.
His skin is so loose and stretchy he can turn his belly into a table - capable of holding three pints of beer.
Whether anyone wants to be served a beverage from a skin shelf is unclear, but just in case they don't, Mr Turner has plenty more tricks up his sagging sleeve.
The 41-year-old suffers from an extreme case of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a rare genetic disorder that has weakened his skin.
Scroll down for video
It doesn't hurt, honest: Garry 'Stretch' Turner claims to have the world's stretchiest skin
Multi purpose: Turner also claims he can use his belly as a table and is able to rest three pints of beer on the skin shelf
In most cases the disorder weakens people's joints and blood vessels and affects around one in 10,000 people. Mr Turner's strain is very rare.
He told ABC News: If you 'look at your own skin cells under a microscope, they'd be nice and round and lock in many places. But my skin cells tend to be more jagged, and don't fit together quite so well.
'The best way to describe it is I'm built rather like a badly woven basket, if you can imagine that, which will pull apart.'
Pain in the neck: Turner suffers from an extreme case of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a rare genetic disorder that has severely weakened his skin
Gives a whole new meaning to bingo wings: Turner shows off his muscles (and skin flaps)
He added his skin was 'actually twice as thin as regular skin. Although you wouldn't believe it to look at it. it is actually quite paper thin.'
Mr Turner said he first noticed his stretchy skin when he was around three or four years old.
He told AOL: 'I had an uncle who was about 10 years old. He used to pull my skin and show his friends. I knew by their reactions I had something strange. '
Less Batman, more blinking terrifying: Turner does his best impression of Gotham's caped crusader with several heavy-duty bulldog clips
He uses heavy-duty bulldog clips to pull his sagging skin down and does a truly terrifying impression of Batman.
A result of all the fandom drama around season 6's finale. Granted, I wasn't sold on the dynamic between four heroes uniting for the first timeto save Equestria - the mane 6 is still my favourite bunch of ponies - but still, it was nice variation. Also, even though it certainly wasn't best season finale (or even the best episode of season 6 ) we recieved on the span of the series, I'd say it was rather decent try. And let's be honest, there would still be complaining even if the show would stick to regular cast for the finale. Focus on Starlight will most likely wane with season 7 as she seemsto be an equivalent of the "Key episodes" or "Map episodes" from seasons 4 and 5 respectively. So don't dramatize folks, things will turn again with next season.That's probably going to be my last meta comic in regard to fandom. Critique? Vent? take it for what you want. If you have a laugh or two,that's fine as well
Scott suggests that Tampa is overreaching in its request. Gov nixes GOP convention gun ban
Florida Gov. Rick Scott is saying no to Tampa's request to ban the carrying of concealed weapons outside the Republican National Convention, according to a letter from Scott to Mayor Bob Buckhorn.
Buckhorn wrote to Scott on Tuesday requesting that the governor issue an executive order prohibiting the transportation of firearms in downtown Tampa during the convention.
Story Continued Below
In a response dated the same day, Scott suggests that Tampa is overreaching in its request. Already, he says, the Secret Service will ban firearms inside the Tampa Bay Times Forum itself as well as in a security perimeter immediately around the convention campus.
“You are now requesting that citizens be disarmed in all of downtown Tampa, including in areas across the river, and distant, from the convention center and Secret Service safe zone,” Scott wrote.
A 2011 law passed by the Legislature pre-empts cities and counties from passing local laws regulating firearms or ammunition.
As a result, Tampa plans to ban many weapons (clubs, slingshots, brass knuckles) and items that could be used as weapons (crowbars, glass bottles, water pistols) outside the Aug. 27-30 convention — but it cannot ban guns carried with a state concealed weapons permit.
Buckhorn wants to ban carrying concealed firearms inside the city's proposed “Event Zone,” which covers downtown and a few surrounding areas.
In his letter to Scott, Buckhorn noted Florida's firearms laws do not authorize anyone with a concealed-weapons permit to carry a gun into certain places, including athletic events and meetings of the Legislature.
“An event like the RNC may not have been contemplated at the time these statutes were enacted, but the city strongly believes that the RNC meets the spirit of the exemptions,” Buckhorn said.
But Scott responded that “while the government may enforce long-standing prohibitions on the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, an absolute ban on possession in entire neighborhoods and regions would surely violate the 2nd Amendment.”
Lately Northern California has been a hotbed for craft beer. Area microbreweries are producing a dizzying array of styles and flavors and appealing to a diversity of palates that's almost just as wide. While the grand range of brews can seem nearly endless, facing a menu board of West Coast IPAs, lagers, blondes, stouts, Irish reds, pilsners, wheats and porters is something even the uninitiated can pull off if they're in the right venue: Porter's House of Draft is seeking to bridge the gap between beer intrigue and beer intimidation.
The newly opened Roseville pub prides itself on pouring hard-to-find craft beers from its 28 taps of seasonal offerings, one-off brews and innovative flavors. And it's backing up the impact with more than 50 bottled and canned beer selections to boot.
“Our focus was hard-core craft, semi-unavailable beers — seasonals that not everyone has or chooses to carry because it requires people who are really into craft beer,” said owner Robert Porter. “It's always an adventure when you come here for beer drinking.”
Though Porter's is catering to beer-lovers looking for limited brew-cult classics, it's also striving to be a good place for those who aren't as familiar with craft trends.
“We're trying to expose people to craft beer,” said Barclay Clark, the bar's manager and executive sous chef. “People want to stick with what they know, and we're trying to bring them out of their shell, show them craft beers; show them what the great brewers of California are doing; what the great brewers of the world are doing; give them the freshest beer possible and keep inundating them with new beer.”
To that end, Porter's employees undergo training through the Cicerone program, which is similar to a sommelier certification for beer.
“Our bartenders talk to you about what you're drinking,” said Clark. “They'll be able to walk you through what a beer should taste like, it's basic tasting notes, what's in the beer, what it's composed of, ABV, things of that nature.”
He added, “Part of that educational process is figuring out what your palate is and digging in. You might not know what you want, but based on the questions that we ask you, we'll figure out what close to what you want. We'd ask what your favorite foods are, do you like sweet? Do you like sour? Do you like bitter? We have a little something for everyone.”
Porter's dining menu is similar to its tap menu insomuch as it rotates seasonally. Porter himself has experience as a sous chef in Southern California and created the menu around fresh features and dishes made from scratch.
“Our menu changes every three or four months, and then we have specials,” he explained. “We're always looking for something new and great. As we roll into the winter and people start eating heavier, [we'll have] roast beef, we'll be running more soups.”
Porter also see opportunities for getting even more creative in the kitchen.
“We just started our chili Verde,” he noted. “It's a staple in my home state of Colorado, so I'm trying to bring it out to Roseville to share with everybody. We're actually working on our second menu right now. We're going to have some great new menu items that people in Roseville might not have seen before or they might be new takes on classic dishes. It could be anything.”
Their menu, surprisingly enough, includes kids' options as well.
“We're a restaurant,” Porter emphasized. “I pump out really good food and I also have a lot of really good beer. On our weekends, we do a lot of families, a lot of kids; we get everything from toddlers to teenagers. We're having fun here at Porter's … we want you to sit in your seat, we want you to hang out. This is a public house, it's a place of fun, it's a place where people come to celebrate, it's a place where people come connect.”
Rainbow flags will soar all over North America this weekend as the LGBT community and its allies celebrate Pride and the aptly-timed U.S. Supreme Court ruling in favour of gay marriage. The colourful banner has become an eye-catching international symbol for sexual diversity and pride — but how many flag-wavers know its history?
The man behind the icon, Gilbert Baker, joined q guest host Talia Schlanger on Friday to share six things you may not know about the six-colour flag.
1) The first pride flag had eight colours
With the help of several members of the Grove Street gay community centre in San Francisco, Baker hand-stitched and hand-dyed the very first rainbow flag in 1978. Each of the eight original colours, selected through colour therapy, had its own meaning: pink for sex, red for life, orange for healing, yellow for sunlight, green for nature, turquoise for magic, blue for serenity and purple for spirit.
2) Pink and turquoise were dropped as demand grew
When high demand prompted commercial production, Baker had to drop two colours — pink and turquoise — because they were not part of the standard flag manufacturer's palette. Baker regards the resulting six-colour flag as a compromise of the original vision.
3) The rainbow flag was a response to the homophobic pink triangle
Like Nazis who used the Star of David to target Jewish people, anti-gay persecutors used the pink triangle to mark those who were openly or presumed gay.
"They had a whole code of emblems that they used to oppress people, and we needed something to answer that," says Baker, adding that the rainbow was perfect because of its associations with diversity, beauty and nature.
4) The flag did not make its maker a rich man
Flags are part of the public domain and, as such, Baker could not profit or receive royalties for its use. As he struggled financially, he watched as the symbol spread from demonstrations to dog collars. Still, he says his life was enriched in other ways and that the first time he watched it soar, he thought "this is the most important thing I will ever do in my life."
5) The flag's creator worries about the unethical production of rainbow flags
As proud as Baker is of his flag, he's to contend with ironies that he says are upsetting to him. For instance, he worries about labour conditions in factories that produce the flags en masse.
"I think that there's some prison factory in China somewhere where LGBT people can't come out, are living lives of desperation, and they're churning out rainbow tchotchkes for gay pride parades for people that don't even know the history of what they're wearing and waving," he says.
6) Basic visibility is still deeply political
Baker salutes Russian activists who dare to wave the flag despite that country's anti-gay laws. He underscores the fact that waving the flag is still a provocative act in many places.
"It's not quite the same thing as walking down the street in your rainbow drag gown in some great Pride parade in San Francisco or New York."
In much of the world, the flag is still as politically charged as it was 37 years ago in San Francisco.
"That's what flags are for. Flags are about proclaiming power ... that visibility is key to our success and to our justice."
On Tuesday came rumbles that Fox is preparing to give the Big Ten a whole lot of money for media rights. Obvious snarkiness aside -- gee, it sure is good that Jim Delany wasn't serious about that whole "moving to Division III because this money thing is gross" nonsense -- it was reminder of how attractive the Big Ten is as a collection of media markets and how, despite cord cutting and whatnot, giant companies are still willing to bet on live college sporting events as a major moneymaker.
It was also a reminder that the SEC's own deal with ESPN is really, really long. And if the Big Ten jumps far ahead of the SEC financially, the league might be looking at how to renegotiate. Our friend Senator Blutarsky came up with the most realistic scenario for doing that.
Delany is obviously betting that the market for broadcast rights will be just as hot in six years as it is today. If he's right – and before you start down the "it'll be an unbundled world by then, ESPN's on the ropes, etc." road, remember that we college football fans will need our fix in six years just as much as today, so all we're really arguing about is the manner in which the drug will be delivered – imagine the way Greg Sankey is going to be pressed to react to the news of the latest deals the Big Ten strikes then as the SEC presidents are forced to make do (yes, I'm being sarcastic, but the presidents won't be) with the 20-year deal Mike Slive left them saddled. Then try to imagine the way Sankey negotiates his way out of the existing 20-year deal. Actually, that doesn't take much imagination at all. Just think back to what Slive did when he renegotiated, which was to expand the conference by adding two new members, with all the attendant scheduling issues that brought with it. Along with the extra money, of course. Can you say 16-team conference? I thought you could. Honestly, were I an astute school president with ambitions for my football program, I'd start working my way into getting Sankey's attention and consideration in the next few years. Because this has the feel of inevitability to it. This aggression will not stand, man.
I've talked before about the kabuki dance that is college athletics -- we say we're doing this, but it's just an elaborate, transparent step for eventually doing this -- and I don't think anybody actually thought the SEC/ESPN deal was going to last its full 20 years. Hey, I guess it still could. But you figure the odds of expansion as means for renegotiation are pretty good (just as the odds of Sankey virulently denying this will remain right up near 100 percent, right up until a new SEC program is announced).
There are only so many semi-Southern states left for expanding into, and assuming the same "a new state is preferable" rules apply five or six or seven years from now as they did when the SEC was moving from 12 teams to 14 (and from 10 to 12), that means the ready made candidates list looks something like programs from these states:
North Carolina (UNC, NC State, Duke)
Oklahoma (Oklahoma, Oklahoma State)
Virginia (UVA, Virginia Tech)
West Virginia (WVU)
The league could always choose to double-dip and look at another school from Florida (FSU?), Texas (TCU or, uh, I guess Texas), or South Carolina (Clemson), but otherwise those are your options. I've always been a fan of the "bring in every little brother with a chip on its shoulder" strategy of inviting Oklahoma State and NC State, but I assume those two wouldn't be the first on the list.
We'll see. We're obviously speculating about what might happen a few years from now in an industry where the rules are changing constantly. But let's just call this educated speculation. We kind of know how the dance goes this time around.
Hillary Clinton abruptly left the 9/11 ceremony at Ground Zero on Sunday morning. Initially, her campaign said it was because she “felt overheated.” Later, Clinton's team released a statement from the candidate's doctor, saying that Clinton “was diagnosed with pneumonia.” The doctor, who put Clinton on antibiotics and advised Clinton to rest, added that the former secretary of state became “dehydrated” during Sunday morning's events.
A senior law enforcement official told The Daily Beast that Clinton looked pale when she arrived at the ceremony. She left the ceremony at about 9:30 a.m., according to pool reports. As she walked away from the ceremony, according to numerous law enforcement officials, she slumped and appeared to faint. Then, according to the sources, her detail put her into a waiting vehicle.
“They threw her in like she was a side of beef,” a senior law enforcement official told The Daily Beast.
Video taken by Zdenek Gazda of New Jersey shows Clinton unstable before she was put inside the van.
Gazda told Buzzfeed News that Clinton “looked like everything was fine and everything was good” before she reached the van.
Officials also said she left behind a shoe.
About 90 minutes after Clinton's departure, campaign spokesman Nick Merrill told reporters that the candidate left the ceremony prematurely to go to her daughter's apartment because she was feeling poorly. He added that she now feels much better. Clinton left Chelsea's apartment slightly before noon, according to ABC's Liz Kreutz. She smiled and waved at reporters, and said, "I'm feeling great."
Clinton reportedly went home to Chappaqua, New York, after leaving Chelsea's apartment.
The incident prompted mass confusion this morning as Clinton was whisked way from Ground Zero. AP reporter Lisa Lerer tweeted that Clinton and her security detail were seen departing the ceremony in lower Manhattan at about 9:30 a.m. The campaign then went dark.
“Clinton left the 9/11 ceremony 30+ mins ago but press pool was not told to where,” tweeted ABC's Liz Kreutz. “Aides now not responding to any Qs about her whereabouts”
The Democratic presidential nominee was in lower Manhattan for a ceremony commemorating the 15-year anniversary of the September 11 attacks when she and her motorcade apparently made a hasty departure. The ceremony was still underway when they left. Traveling pool reporters tweeted that the campaign did not initially tell them where the candidate went.
The episode comes as conspiracy theories on the right have swirled about Clinton's health. The Clinton campaign has pushed back on those rumors, saying that the Democratic nominee is in good health.
Last month, during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel, Clinton joked about the rumors.
“Back in October, The National Enquirer said I would be dead in six months,” she said. “So with every breath I take I feel like I have a new lease on life.”
A petition to Parliament requesting the repeal of the Investigatory Powers Act has received the 100,000 signatures required to make Parliament “consider” debating the issue.
Although the Investigatory Powers Act doesn't actually exist at the moment — it remains a Bill of Parliament which will not become an Act until it achieves royal assent — the deep unpopularity of the surveillance legislation has already provoked over 100,000 people to sign a petition against it.
This means it meets the threshold for Parliament to "consider" debating its proposition, though in practice debates are rarely carried out resulting from such petitions, and the repeal of the Investigatory Powers Act is ultimately extremely unlikely.
Created by someone calling themselves Tom Skillinger, and titled “Repeal the new Surveillance laws (Investigatory Powers Act)” the petition described the legislation as “an absolute disgrace to both privacy and freedom”.
Skillinger wrote:
With this bill, they will be able to hack, read and store any information from any citizen's computer or phone, without even the requirement of proof that the citizen is up to no good. This essentially entitles them to free reign [sic] of your files, whether you're a law-abiding citizen or not!
The executive director of the Open Rights Group, Jim Killock, commented that Brexit had distracted politicians and the public from examining the bill when it was debated in the House of Commons in the weeks before the referendum.
"Now that the Bill has passed, there is renewed concern about the extent of the powers that will be given to the police and security agencies," Killock wrote. "Parliament may choose to ignore calls for a debate but this could undermine public confidence in these intrusive powers."
In the face of several legal battles, Killock recommends that the debate be used as an opportunity to amend the bill's more questionable legal provisions. ®
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WOODWARD TOWNSHIP -- On a night where the talk is all about the odds, what do you suppose are the odds of a bowler throwing three perfect games in a row?
It happened in Lycoming County Tuesday night. A man scored a 900 series during a league match.
“Bowling, you have to have luck in there too. And I think that was my lucky frame.”
Luck aside, the man's got talent, managing to score a strike with ease.
But if Dale Gerhard wants to break his record from Tuesday night, he's got to throw a lot more.
YouTube video shows Gerhard at the Harvest Moon Lounge and Lanes near Williamsport where he scored a 900 after throwing all strikes in three back to back league games.
At first, Gerhard didn't even realize what was happening.
“I never really concentrated on the score,” said Gerhard. “I was actually talking to my teammates, every single time, and when I was my time to get up, I went through my normal routine.”
But as the games went on what could be happening became apparent to everyone else in the room.
The co-owner of Harvest Moon, David Miller, could not believe what he was seeing his longtime friend do.
“Everybody just kept watching and watching, and when we got to the 10th frame, everybody quit. It was like 20 cell phones, taking video of him, the whole time as he was bowling,” said Miller.
“The whole bowling alley went quiet. You could hear a pin drop literally,” said bowler Kevan Lovell from Jersey Shore.
“Once I have seen it, once the 10th pin was the last to go down,” said Gerhard. “Then it hit me, right then and there, hit it me all at once. I just threw a dream, something you just dream about.”
The United States Bowling Congress, which regulates organized bowling leagues says it is already in the process of reviewing Gerhard's USBC membership status and certification in order to recognize him for this accomplishment.
If that happens, the USBC say Gerhard will be just the 28th person to do so.
The question is if he can beat those odds, what others odds could he be possibly beat? The Powerball?
“I already bought a ticket yesterday,” said Gerhard, laughing.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption UN refugee chief Antonio Guterres said refugee numbers had not risen "at such a frightening rate" since the 1994 genocide in Rwanda
The conflict in Syria has caused the world's worst refugee crisis for 20 years, with an average of 6,000 people fleeing every day in 2013, the UN says.
UN refugee chief Antonio Guterres said refugee numbers had not risen "at such a frightening rate" since the 1994 genocide in Rwanda.
He was speaking to the UN Security Council, which also heard that 5,000 people are being killed each month.
UN aid chief Valerie Amos said at least 6.8 million Syrians needed urgent help.
Forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad are locked in a fierce battle with opposition fighters for control of the country.
There has been deadlock at the UN Security Council over the crisis, with Russia and China refusing to back action against Mr Assad proposed by the other veto powers, the US, Britain and France.
'No empty warning'
Mr Guterres said two-thirds of the nearly 1.8 million refugees registered with the UN had fled Syria since the beginning of the year - an average of 6,000 a day.
"We have not seen a refugee outflow escalate at such a frightening rate since the Rwandan genocide almost 20 years ago," he told a rare public briefing to the Security Council.
Mr Guterres said the impact of the refugee crisis on neighbouring countries was "crushing", but said the acceptance of Syrians by countries such as Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq was "saving hundreds of thousands of lives".
And he said the "danger that the Syrian conflict could ignite the whole region" was "not an empty warning".
The UN last month said nearly 93,000 people had been killed since the uprising began in March 2011.
The UN's assistant secretary general for human rights, Ivan Simonovic, told the meeting that some 5,000 lives were being claimed each month, demonstrating "a drastic deterioration of the conflict".
"In Syria today, serious human rights abuses, war crimes and crimes against humanity are the rule," he said.
Ms Amos said $3.1bn was still needed to provide aid in and around Syria for the rest of the year, and she accused both sides in Syria of "systematically and in many cases deliberately" failing in their obligation to protect civilians.
"We are not only watching the destruction of a country but also of its people," she said.
Syria's ambassador to the UN, Bashar Ja'afari, said his government was doing "everything possible... to meet the humanitarian needs and basic needs of its citizens".
Don Woods, one of the authors of INTERCAL, in 2010
Jim Lyon, the other author of INTERCAL, in 2005
The Compiler Language With No Pronounceable Acronym, abbreviated INTERCAL, is an esoteric programming language that was created as a parody by Don Woods and James M. Lyon, two Princeton University students, in 1972. It satirizes aspects of the various programming languages at the time,[1] as well as the proliferation of proposed language constructs and notations in the 1960s.
There are two currently maintained versions of INTERCAL: C-INTERCAL, maintained by Eric S. Raymond,[2] and CLC-INTERCAL, maintained by Claudio Calvelli.[3]
History [ edit ]
According to the original manual by the authors,[4]
The full name of the compiler is "Compiler Language With No Pronounceable Acronym," which is, for obvious reasons, abbreviated "INTERCAL."
The original Princeton implementation used punched cards and the EBCDIC character set. To allow INTERCAL to run on computers using ASCII, substitutions for two characters had to be made: $ substituted for ¢ as the mingle operator, "represent[ing] the increasing cost of software in relation to hardware", and ? was substituted for ⊻ as the unary exclusive-or operator to "correctly express the average person's reaction on first encountering exclusive-or".[4] In recent versions of C-INTERCAL, the older operators are supported as alternatives; INTERCAL programs may now be encoded in ASCII, Latin-1, or UTF-8.[5]
Details [ edit ]
INTERCAL was intended to be completely different from all other computer languages. Common operations in other languages have cryptic and redundant syntax in INTERCAL. From the INTERCAL Reference Manual:[4]
It is a well-known and oft-demonstrated fact that a person whose work is incomprehensible is held in high esteem. For example, if one were to state that the simplest way to store a value of 65536 in a 32-bit INTERCAL variable is: DO : 1 <- # 0 ¢# 256 any sensible programmer would say that that was absurd. Since this is indeed the simplest method, the programmer would be made to look foolish in front of his boss, who would of course happen to turn up, as bosses are wont to do. The effect would be no less devastating for the programmer having been correct.
INTERCAL has many other features designed to make it even more aesthetically unpleasing to the programmer: it uses statements such as "READ OUT", "IGNORE", "FORGET", and modifiers such as "PLEASE". This last keyword provides two reasons for the program's rejection by the compiler: if "PLEASE" does not appear often enough, the program is considered insufficiently polite, and the error message says this; if too often, the program could be rejected as excessively polite. Although this feature existed in the original INTERCAL compiler, it was undocumented.[6]
Despite the language's intentionally obtuse and wordy syntax, INTERCAL is nevertheless Turing-complete: given enough memory, INTERCAL can solve any problem that a Universal Turing machine can solve. Most implementations of INTERCAL do this very slowly, however. A Sieve of Eratosthenes benchmark, computing all prime numbers less than 65536, was tested on a Sun SPARCstation 1. In C, it took less than half a second; the same program in INTERCAL took over seventeen hours.[7]
Documentation [ edit ]
The "circuitous diagram" from the INTERCAL Reference Manual, purportedly to explain the operation of the "select" operator
The INTERCAL Reference Manual contains many paradoxical, nonsensical, or otherwise humorous instructions:
Caution! Under no circumstances confuse the mesh with the interleave operator, except under confusing circumstances!
The manual also contains a "tonsil", as explained in this footnote: "4) Since all other reference manuals have Appendices, it was decided that the INTERCAL manual should contain some other type of removable organ."[4]
The INTERCAL manual gives unusual names to all non-alphanumeric ASCII characters: single and double quotes are "sparks" and "rabbit ears" respectively. (The exception is the ampersand: as the Jargon File states, "what could be sillier?") The assignment operator, represented as an equals sign (INTERCAL's "half mesh") in many other programming languages, is in INTERCAL a left-arrow, <- , made up of an "angle" and a "worm", obviously read as "gets".
Syntax [ edit ]
Input (using the WRITE-IN instruction) and output (using the READ OUT instruction) do not use the usual formats; in INTERCAL-72, WRITE IN inputs a number written out as digits in English (such as SIX FIVE FIVE THREE FIVE), and READ OUT outputs it in "butchered" Roman numerals.[4] More recent versions have their own I/O systems.[3][6]
Comments can be achieved by using the inverted statement identifiers involving NOT or N'T; these cause lines to be initially ABSTAINed so that they have no effect.[4] (A line can be ABSTAINed from even if it doesn't have valid syntax; syntax errors happen at runtime, and only then when the line is un-ABSTAINed.)[4]
Data structures [ edit ]
INTERCAL-72 (the original version of INTERCAL) had only four data types: the 16-bit integer (represented with a . , called a "spot"), the 32-bit integer ( : , a "twospot"), the array of 16-bit integers ( , , a "tail"), and the array of 32-bit integers ( ; , a "hybrid"). There are 65535 available variables of each type, numbered from .1 to .65535 for 16-bit integers, for instance. However, each of these variables has its own stack on which it can be pushed and popped (STASHed and RETRIEVEd, in INTERCAL terminology), increasing the possible complexity of data structures.[4] More modern versions of INTERCAL have by and large kept the same data structures, with appropriate modifications; TriINTERCAL, which modifies the radix with which numbers are represented, can use a 10-trit type rather than a 16-bit type,[6] and CLC-INTERCAL implements many of its own data structures, such as "classes and lectures", by making the basic data types store more information rather than adding new types.[3] Arrays are dimensioned by assigning to them as if they were a scalar variable. Constants can also be used, and are represented by a # ("mesh") followed by the constant itself, written as a decimal number; only integer constants from 0 to 65535 are supported.[4]
Operators [ edit ]
There are only five operators in INTERCAL-72. Implementations vary in which characters represent which operation, and many accept more than one character, so more than one possibility is given for many of the operators.
INTERCAL operators[3][4][6] Operator INTERCAL-72 characters C-INTERCAL characters CLC-INTERCAL characters INTERLEAVE / MINGLE c backspace / ¢ , $ , c backspace / ¢ SELECT ~ ~ ~ AND & & & OR V V V XOR V backspace - V backspace - , ? , ∀ V backspace - , ¥
Contrary to most other languages, AND, OR, and XOR are unary operators, which work on consecutive bits of their argument; the most significant bit of the result is the operator applied to the least significant and most significant bits of the input, the second-most-significant bit of the result is the operator applied to the most and second-most significant bits, the third-most-significant bit of the result is the operator applied to the second-most and third-most bits, and so on. The operator is placed between the punctuation mark specifying a variable name or constant and the number that specifies which variable it is, or just inside grouping marks (i.e. one character later than it would be in programming languages like C.) SELECT and INTERLEAVE (which is also known as MINGLE) are infixed binary operators; SELECT takes the bits of its first operand that correspond to "1" bits of its second operand and removes the bits that correspond to "0" bits, shifting towards the least significant bit and padding with zeroes (so 51 (110011 in binary) SELECT 21 (10101 in binary) is 5 (101 in binary)); MINGLE alternates bits from its first and second operands (in such a way that the least significant bit of its second operand is the least significant bit of the result). There is no operator precedence; grouping marks must be used to disambiguate the precedence where it would otherwise be ambiguous (the grouping marks available are ' ("spark"), which matches another spark, and " ("rabbit ears"), which matches another rabbit ears; the programmer is responsible for using these in such a way that they make the expression unambiguous).[4]
Control structures [ edit ]
INTERCAL statements all start with a "statement identifier"; in INTERCAL-72, this can be done , PLEASE , or PLEASE DO , all of which mean the same to the program (but using one of these too heavily causes the program to be rejected, an undocumented feature in INTERCAL-72 that was mentioned in the C-INTERCAL manual),[6] or an inverted form (with NOT or N'T appended to the identifier).[4] Backtracking INTERCAL, a modern variant, also allows variants using MAYBE (possibly combined with PLEASE or DO) as a statement identifier, which introduces a choice-point.[8] Before the identifier, an optional line number (an integer enclosed in parentheses) can be given; after the identifier, a percent chance of the line executing can be given in the format %50 , which defaults to 100%.[4]
In INTERCAL-72, the main control structures are NEXT, RESUME, and FORGET. DO (line) NEXT branches to the line specified, remembering the next line that would be executed if it weren't for the NEXT on a call stack (other identifiers than DO can be used on any statement, DO is given as an example); DO FORGET expression removes expression entries from the top of the call stack (this is useful to avoid the error that otherwise happens when there are more than 80 entries), and DO RESUME expression removes expression entries from the call stack and jumps to the last line remembered.[4]
C-INTERCAL also provides the COME FROM instruction, written DO COME FROM (line) ; CLC-INTERCAL and the most recent C-INTERCAL versions also provide computed COME FROM ( DO COME FROM expression) and NEXT FROM, which is like COME FROM but also saves a return address on the NEXT STACK.[3]
Alternative ways to affect program flow, originally available in INTERCAL-72, are to use the IGNORE and REMEMBER instructions on variables (which cause writes to the variable to be silently ignored and to take effect again, so that instructions can be disabled by causing them to have no effect), and the ABSTAIN and REINSTATE instructions on lines or on types of statement, causing the lines to have no effect or to have an effect again respectively.[4]
Hello, world [ edit ]
The traditional "Hello, world!" program demonstrates how different INTERCAL is from standard programming languages. In C, it could read as follows:
#include <stdio.h> int main () { printf ( "Hello, world!
" ); }
The equivalent program in C-INTERCAL is longer and harder to read:
DO , 1 <- # 13 PLEASE DO , 1 SUB # 1 <- # 238 DO , 1 SUB # 2 <- # 108 DO , 1 SUB # 3 <- # 112 DO , 1 SUB # 4 <- # 0 DO , 1 SUB # 5 <- # 64 DO , 1 SUB # 6 <- # 194 DO , 1 SUB # 7 <- # 48 PLEASE DO , 1 SUB # 8 <- # 22 DO , 1 SUB # 9 <- # 248 DO , 1 SUB # 10 <- # 168 DO , 1 SUB # 11 <- # 24 DO , 1 SUB # 12 <- # 16 DO , 1 SUB # 13 <- # 162 PLEASE READ OUT , 1 PLEASE GIVE UP
Dialects [ edit ]
The original Woods–Lyon INTERCAL was very limited in its input/output capabilities: the only acceptable input were numbers with the digits spelled out, and the only output was an extended version of Roman numerals.
The C-INTERCAL reimplementation, being available on the Internet, has made the language more popular with devotees of esoteric programming languages.[9] The C-INTERCAL dialect has a few differences from original INTERCAL and introduced a few new features, such as a COME FROM statement and a means of doing text I/O based on the Turing Text Model.[6]
The authors of C-INTERCAL also created the TriINTERCAL variant, based on the Ternary numeral system and generalizing INTERCAL's set of operators.[6]
A more recent variant is Threaded Intercal, which extends the functionality of COME FROM to support multithreading.[10]
In early 2017 a .NET Implementation targeting the .NET Framework appeared on GitHub. This implementation supports the creation of standalone binary libraries and interop with other programming languages. [11]
Impact and discussion [ edit ]
In the article "A Box, Darkly: Obfuscation, Weird Languages, and Code Aesthetics",[9] INTERCAL is described under the heading "Abandon all sanity, ye who enter here: INTERCAL". The compiler and commenting strategy are among the "weird" features described:
The compiler, appropriately named "ick", continues the parody. Anything the compiler can't understand, which in a normal language would result in a compilation error, is just skipped. This "forgiving" feature makes finding bugs very difficult; it also introduces a unique system for adding program comments. The programmer merely inserts non-compileable text anywhere in the program, being careful not to accidentally embed a bit of valid code in the middle of their comment.
In "Technomasochism",[12] Lev Bratishenko characterizes the INTERCAL compiler as a dominatrix:
If PLEASE be not encountered often enough, the program would be rejected; that is, ignored without explanation by the compiler. Too often and it would still be rejected, this time for sniveling. Combined with other words that are rarely used in programming languages but appear as statements in INTERCAL, the code reads like someone pleading.
American politicians who openly express religious views may be more successful because even voters who think that religion should not play a role in politics view them as more trustworthy compared with non-religious candidates, according to a study published in American Political Research.
The central role of religion in American politics has long been a point of debate. Surveys of the American public show that only 30% would be willing to vote for an atheist candidate. Although religious people are most strongly associated as a constituency of the Republican party, previous research has shown that Democratic candidates also emphasize their own religiousness frequently, and are more successful when they do so.
A study led by Scott Clifford, of the University of Houston, examined multiple sources of data on Americans' religious and political attitudes to understand why talking about religion seems to benefit members of both parties when it comes to winning votes.
First, using data a 2007 Newsweek poll of 1,004 Americans, the researchers found that the most important factor influencing a person's willingness to vote for an atheist was whether or not they believed that atheists were capable of being moral. Nearly 30% of those polled said that atheists could not be moral people, and those who felt this way were less likely to say they would consider voting for an atheist by 68 percentage points.
Next, using data from a 2007 CBS News poll of 1,282 Americans, they looked at the impact of perceptions about religion and trustworthiness for a specific politician: Hillary Clinton, then a candidate in the Democratic presidential primaries. Among liberals, perceptions about Clinton's religiousness had no impact on their ratings of how honest they felt she was. But among moderates and conservatives, the more voters felt that Clinton was a strongly religious person, the more highly they rated her honesty. For all voters, liberals as well as moderates and conservatives, the stronger her religious convictions were perceived to be, the more likely people were to give her favorable ratings overall, and the more likely they were to say they would consider voting for her.
Finally, the study team conducted a new experiment with 311 Americans recruited on the internet. People read a short description of a politician and were asked to rate him on morality. Half of the participants were told that the politician was a Republican and the other half were told that he was a Democrat. Within each of these groups, for one third of participants the candidate was described as strongly religious, one third as a strong atheist, while the final third received no description of the candidate's religious orientation.
Religious voters felt that the religious candidate was more moral, whereas non-religious voters rated the atheist candidate more highly on morality. Importantly, however, the atheist candidate was much more polarizing. Non-religious voters remained relatively favorable towards the religious candidate, but religious voters viewed the atheist candidate very negatively.
Put together, these findings suggest that even Democrats have much more to gain among moderate and conservative voters by emphasizing their religious values than they have to lose among liberals. But the authors of the study also note that as the number of atheists and other non-religious voters continues to rise, particularly in younger generations, the political advantages of being religious may begin to decline.
As our community grows, we must focus on building neighbourhoods and not just condo towers – that's why we've been working hard together to make critical and worthwhile investments in community facilities in Ward 20, and continuing efforts to secure much-needed parkland downtown.
Last August, Mayor Tory and I announced Rail Deck Park: a new 21-acre public park over the rail corridor. The size of 16 football fields, it will be a new and critical resource for our neighbourhoods, and a new central park for all of Toronto. City Council has already approved taking the first steps to move this bold and ambitious plan forward. Along with detailed implementation plans, cost estimates, and funding options, we have initiated an Official Plan Amendment process to formally review re-designating the space above the rail corridor as parkland.
After the plans for Rail Deck Park were announced, the City of Toronto received a private application to change the Official Plan to allow a large new development above the rail corridor, including a parking structure for 1,225 vehicles and 9 buildings up to 59 storeys tall.
To be very clear, I completely oppose any private development over the rail corridor because it would diminish the size and usefulness of Rail Deck Park. We have plenty of other sites downtown for more towers, but there are no other sites for a new 21-acre downtown park.
The Ontario Planning Act legally requires the City to review, hold public meetings, and make a decision on every private development application, no matter how obviously inappropriate it is, which is why a meeting is taking place on this application. And we also have to be prepared to defend that decision if it is appealed to the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB), which has the power to overturn any of City Council's planning decisions.
These public meetings are a crucial opportunity to make sure your voice is heard in this process. Please attend and speak out in support of Rail Deck Park. We desperately need this major new park today and it will be a legacy we leave for future generations.
Rail Deck Park: City-initiated Official Plan Amendment
Date: Monday, September 25, 2017
Time: 6:00 pm
Location: City Hall – Council Chambers (100 Queen Street West)
Private Rail Corridor Development Application
Date: Tuesday, September 12, 2017
Time: 7:00 pm
Location: Renaissance Hotel, Northern Lights Ballroom, (1 Blue Jays Way)
Haven't had an issue in 10 years of volunteering my info. I guess shopping online is a bad idea too then.
How would you not volunteer personal info to your bank? They kinda need alot of info if you need a loan and such.
Funny how you don't want to volunteer info to your bank, or you would rather not, but you are excited about a Chase app, and you are using it for business on top of that. I understand your opinion on 3rd parties, but what you say on the bottom of this thread doesn't really reflect your sentiments on the first.
Thanks for telling me I know VERY little about something. For a person that is VERY concerned about volunteering information, obviously you know VERY little about information that is collected on every click on the web. Simply cruising the web is more hazardous then volunteering information to a 3rd party.
Click to expand...
I got home Saturday evening to find a package waiting on my doorstep. Opened it up and just could not keep myself from laughing.
I had just gotten home from my regular gaming session and it had been a doozy. We couldn't roll worth a damn the entire evening. So when my Santa provided this T-shirt, well, it was just too perfect. I sent a picture to my fellow players and we all enjoyed a good laugh.
My Santa also sent me an ebook coy of the omnibus version of Wool, by Hugh Howey. He/She first confirmed that I had access to a Kindle or Kindle app, which was a nice touch. I started reading it this weekend and have been really enjoying it.
Thanks, unknown Santa. You did a great job!
WORCESTER — The keytar playing bear that has taken the streets of Boston by storm will be making the journey to Worcester in September to play at stArt on the Street.
“The impact of Keytar Bear can be made in two minutes and you can walk away saying I saw someone in a bear costume playing Michael Jackson covers," Gabe Rollins, the performing arts director for stArt on the Street, said. “It's definitely in the performance art category for sure.”
Keytar Bear is a street performer that busks in Boston at subway stations as well as at festivals and locations throughout the city, he said. The recipe is simple: take one human, add a bear suit, mix in covers of people's favorite songs using a quintessentially 1980s instrument and you have internet fame. The busking bear has grown into a kind of local celebrity in Bean Town with sitings of the performer being reported on Twitter and Instagram.
"I had complete ignorance. I had no idea," admitted Rollins of when it was first brought up to book the bear. "I looked it up and said this would be so perfect for stArt on the Street."
Rollins turned to the Internet, eventually making a connection through Keytar Bear's Facebook fan page. The booking was done entirely through text and Rollins does not even know the gender of the performer behind the bear.
“I got a text from Keytar bear himself, herself ... itself,” said Rollins. “Now I actually have Keytar's Bear's number. It feels pretty great ... the whole thing is really interesting. The hype just kind of keeps growing.”
The hype around the performer has led to a great deal of speculation about where Keytar Bear came from and what the goal of the costumed performer is. In a recent tell-all interview with Boston Magazine, Keytar Bear revealed that when he or she first put the costume on it was a way to counteract racism that was occurring on the streets of Boston.
"I'm trying to kill racism in my own little way, you know what I mean? You don't know if [I'm] black or white, you just see a little bear," the artist behind Keytar Bear told Boston Magazine in the interview. "He's playing music and he's having fun."
The bear will fit right in at stArt on the Street, Rollins said. The event is about performances and creativity of all kinds, he explained, and a person dressed up as a bear while playing cover songs is definitely performance art. The spectacle and street performance style of the keytar playing is an ideal fit for the event that spans over a mile of Park Avenue.
“Performance has always been really tough at stArt," he said. "People do not like to stay in the same place at stArt for very long.”
The bear will join 12 to 16 other performers on two stages, he said. stArt on the Street runs from 11 a.m. - 6 p.m. on Sept. 21 with a rain date of Sept. 28. Keytar Bear is expected to play at various locations throughout the day.
Profile:
Here is Fake Faces lookalike Agencies Charles Kennedy lookalike Dave. Dave has been seen as Charles Kennedy on a series of comedy sketches for The Wright Stuff (Channel 5), ITN News and on coverage of The Royal Chelsea Flower Show. As a regular comedy actor you may have seen him on the first two series of The People Versus Jerry Sadowitz as Jerry's sidekick, as a main performer in the LWT sketch series The Slightly Filthy Show, or on Victor Lewis-Smith's The Bafta's for Channel 4. He is a regular voice on Classic FM and many commercials, and can be heard as a core performer on Radio 4's It's That Jo Caulfield Again. So why not book Dave through Fake Faces Lookalike Agency now and have him turn up at your event.
Location: Brighton
Makes a Great Team With...
Tony Blair lookalike Tom Skehan
George Galloway lookalike Ted Chapman
Twenty-six poor counties have got rid of the poverty label following the removal of Jinggangshan, East China's Jiangxi province, and Lankao, Central China's Henan province, from the poverty list in February.
“Strict procedures and standards shall be followed when removing poverty-stricken areas from the list,” said Xia Gengsheng, member of the State Council Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development.
Four targets have to be met to be removed from the list. First, people living in poverty should be less than 2 percent of the total population if the area is in the central region, and less than 3 percent if they are living in the western region. Second, people mischaracterized as non-poor population should be less than 2 percent of the total population. Third, the percentage of people who have been left out of the survey must be under 2 percent. Fourth, over 90 percent residents should agree that their place has been lifted out of poverty. All the 26 counties meet the targets.
Over 760 people from seven institutions including Renmin University were entrusted to conduct a field review and assessment on these counties one by one in July and August. Over 20,000 households in total were included, or around 1,000 households per county. The whole process was supervised by 65 experts from the Institute of Geographic Sciences and Natural Resources Research, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Southwest University, serving as a third party assessing institution, reviewed and assessed Nanbu county, southwestern Sichuan province. “We used remote sensing, compared satellite imagery of the place from 2014 to 2016 and its geographical features,” said Liao Heping, the university's professor. “We focused on the relatively poor area with weak infrastructure.”
Thorough assessments were carried out in all the counties, including remote areas. Low-income families, people with severe diseases, and those with bad housing were all included in sampling.
Great importance was paid to people living apart from their families, people living in remote areas, immigrants, and families with no labor force. The opinions of a wide range of people were consulted during the process. Over 1,400 questionnaires were handed out to cadres in villages and around 1,000 to cadres in counties.
“We will continue to consolidate what we have achieved and make sure people who have just been lifted out poverty do not return to poverty again. Besides, we will strength poverty alleviation and help the rest shake off poverty,” said Zhang Gensheng, county Party secretary of Nanbu county.
“After they remove the title of impoverished county, we will continue to strictly examine and assess those counties,” said Yang Lian, deputy director of the poverty alleviation group's evaluation division.
China plans to lift another 100 counties out of poverty this year.
When you say "rock star" in your job post, you're discouraging the best software developers from contacting you.
When you write, "We're looking for a rock star developer."
A developer sees, "We want to treat a developer like the RIAA treats rock stars."
Using "rock star" in your job post may have communicated a trendy vibe at one point, but those times have passed. Now it communicates a desperate attempt to seem cooler than you really are, a sign that you're too full of yourself, or that you're just naive.
Naivety worries developers the most. To developers, "rock star" communicates that you're not sure what you want. Or rather, you do know what you want, and what you want is a miracle worker. "Rock star" signals that you haven't thought enough about the role this developer will fill, leaving developers with a feeling that they'll be receiving ill-defined requirements, not enough time, or not enough resources to do their job (in addition to being overworked and underpaid).
Speaking of overworked and underpaid... there's really only one time "rock star" is appropriate: "We want a rock star developer. We know you're rare, and we'll pay you like a rock star." Sadly, this isn't usually the case. Here's how software engineers are paid in relation to rock star software engineers [1, 2].
Now here's how musicians are paid in relation to real rock stars [3, 4].
So next time you're thinking about saying rock star, ninja, guru, etc in your job post, consider it a sign that you have more thinking to do about your hiring requirements. Here are a few questions and trade-offs you should consider answering with your job post:
Do you want a specialist or a generalist?
If you want extraordinary people, can you compensate them extraordinarily or provide an extraordinary environment?
Do you want a technical person who cares more about the business/market challenges or do you want someone who cares more about the technical challenges?
Do you want someone who prefers quick, practical, "good enough" solutions or do you want someone who prefers to take their time and do things more maintainably or scalably?
Do you want a feature developer or a maintainer?
Do you want a risk taker?
Let us know in the comments If you have any more high-level questions you like to have answered before you post a job description.
About Hirelite
Hirelite runs "speed interviewing" events over video chat to connect software engineers and companies hiring. If you're looking to evaluate the software job market or looking to hire, check out Hirelite.com.
Notes
[1] Simply Hired salary estimates for software engineer
[2] Simply Hired salary estimates for rock star software engineer
[3] Simply Hired salary estimates for musician
[4] Average salary for the top 10 best paid music stars . But wait, those are only the top 10 musicians! Yes, exactly. Rockstars are stars because they're scarce, and because they're the best.
Also, an associated queston on Hacker News a few months back was very helpful. Thanks for all the comments there today also.
The U.S. government's top intelligence official has admitted, after previously refusing to confirm, that spy agencies have delved into the emails and phone calls of Americans.
In a letter dated March 28, James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence (DNI), informed a key member of Congress that the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Central Intelligence Agency had probed the personal communications of U.S. citizens.
Clapper's admission to Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon), a member of the Senate intelligence committee, came in contrast to what the DNI told the panel in January, when he refused to state if such activity had taken place.
Wyden had characterized the searches as a “backdoor” effort to access Americans' personal emails and phone calls without a warrant.
Under the 2008 FISA Amendments Act, the NSA was authorized to intercept phone calls and emails without a warrant and on domestic soil, but only if the targets were noncitizens living abroad.
But three years later, a loophole to this rule was established by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which authorized the NSA to search for “U.S. person identifiers” in the vast repository of bulk communications intercepted by the agency. This change meant the NSA could snoop on Americans' emails and phone calls as long as they had been in contact with a foreign target. The change was not made public until whistleblower Edward Snowden released a document last year that mentioned it.
In January, Wyden asked Clapper whether any such searches had been conducted. Clapper declined to state at the hearing, but provided his answer in the March 28 letter.
“There have been queries, using US person identifiers, of communications lawfully acquired to obtain foreign intelligence targeting non-US persons reasonably believed to be located outside the United States,” Clapper wrote. “These queries were performed pursuant to minimization procedures approved by the Fisa court and consistent with the statute and the fourth amendment.” Clapper did not specify how many times Americans' communications had been intercepted.
In response to the correspondence, Wyden and another Democrat, Senator Mark Udall of Colorado, issued a statement that expressed their concerns over NSA spying on Americans.
“It is now clear to the public that the list of ongoing intrusive surveillance practices by the N.S.A. includes not only bulk collection of Americans' phone records, but also warrantless searches of the content of Americans' personal communications,” Wyden and Udall said. “This is unacceptable. It raises serious constitutional questions, and poses a real threat to the privacy rights of law-abiding Americans.”
Clapper's admission goes against President Barack Obama's assurance last year that his administration was not prying into people's communications.
“When it comes to telephone calls, nobody is listening to your telephone calls. That's not what this program's about,” Obama said in June. “As was indicated, what the intelligence community is doing is looking at phone numbers and durations of calls. They are not looking at people's names, and they're not looking at content.”
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Letter Tells of U.S. Searches for Emails and Calls (by Charlie Savage, New York Times)
NSA Performed Warrantless Searches on Americans' Calls and Emails – Clapper (by Spencer Ackerman and James Ball, The Guardian)
Letter to Senator Ron Wyden (James Clapper) (pdf)
Should National Intelligence Director Clapper be Charged with a Felony for Lying in Sworn Senate Testimony? (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
U.S. Spies Collect 3 Billion Pieces of Intelligence a Day from Computer and Telephone Networks Worldwide (by David Wallechinsky and Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Tomorrow will be your very last chance to rent a movie from a Blockbuster store. After confirming the closure of its remaining stores and disc-by-mail service, Blockbuster has tweeted that Saturday, November 9th will mark the end of in-store rentals at all locations. Even after its physical presence disappears, parent company Dish will hold on to licensing rights for the Blockbuster brand and retain the company's "significant" video library. Dish has said Blockbuster's disc-by-mail service will be shut down in December.
The last day to rent a movie from a Blockbuster store is this Saturday, Nov 9. What will your last rental be? #BlockbusterMemories — Blockbuster (@blockbuster) November 7, 2013
Blockbuster On Demand, a competitor to streaming services like Netflix that ultimately spelled doom for video-rental stores, will remain in operation. With a vast majority of consumers now turning to digital services for their entertainment needs, the company's undoing should surprise no one. But if you're the nostalgic type, this weekend marks one last opportunity to round up the family for a trip to Blockbuster — assuming the "Blockbuster Video Living Museum" imagined by The Onion doesn't come to pass.
Just a few days after the Wall Street Journal reported that Google, Facbeook, and others have been using a workaround to bypass the cookie restrictions in Apple's Safari and Mobile Safari web browsers, Microsoft now claims that Google has taken similar measures to bypass privacy settings in Internet Explorer. Microsoft says that Google is improperly representing its cookies by using a non-standard P3P cookie policy statement: it claims that "Google's P3P policy is actually a statement that it is not a P3P policy," which allows Google's cookies to pass through without being blocked.
In response to accusations over cookies in Safari, Google said that it made a mistake with how it asked Safari to handle cookies, and that its advertising cookies do not collect personal information. It also said that users of Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome were not affected — though that claim now appears suspect.
Microsoft has actively worked to stir up controversy about Google's behavior in recent weeks: it was quick to ding Google and Apple following the Safari revelation, encouraging people to download Internet Explorer and claiming that "the Tracking Protection in IE9 is recognized as some of the strongest privacy protection in the industry." But that tracking feature has to be turned on, otherwise Google can bypass cookie preferences with a simple manipulation of WC3's P3P standard (the default protection). Microsoft has asked Google to properly utilize the P3P policy standard, but in the meantime, it encourages users to start using the optional Tracking Protection feature. We've reached out to Google for official comment, so stay tuned.
1 The Lancet Ebola: a failure of international collective action. 2 WHO Report of the consultation on AIDS and traditional medicine: Prospects for involving traditional health practitioners, Francistown, Botswana, 1990. WHO/TRM/GPA/90.1. 3 Gulf News Saudis block pilgrims from 3 Ebola-hit countries. The Ebola epidemic in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone (three of the four states making up the Mano River Union) is unprecedented in its level and pace and “continues to be difficult to bring under control”.Since there is no drug or vaccine of proven efficacy, most of the efforts in controlling the disease are directed towards prevention and containment. However, these efforts are frustrated by false rumours, ignorance, and potentially harmful cultural practices. Addressing these frustrations calls for wisdom, pragmatism, and political will. One such example was the involvement of traditional healers in the fight against HIV/AIDS in Africa. The main drivers, operating from the biomedical perspective, were the ministries of health and WHO. Meanwhile, the traditional leaders were operating from a diametrically opposite perspective, yet, the reality called for their collaboration.Borrowing from this example, religious leaders could be involved in the fight against the spread of Ebola. The Mano River Union states of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone, collectively have a Muslim majority (85% in Guinea, 60% in Sierra Leone, and about 20% in Liberia) of more than 13·5 million people. This majority gives room for Islamic-specific interventions targeting Muslims, in addition to other population-based efforts taking place.
4 Kasule O Biomedical Ethics: An Islamic Formulation. 5 Kuwait Eftaa Department Washing patients who died of an infectious disease. Islamic traditions are rich on teachings relevant to epidemics. According to the Hadith , the Prophet Mohammad said, “If you hear of a pestilence in a land, do not enter it; but if a pestilence breaks in a place while you are in it, do not leave that place.” Another story reported that a person died at night and was buried immediately. In the morning, when the Prophet was informed, he said: “What prevented you from informing me?” They replied, “We disliked troubling you.” The Prophet went to the man's grave and offered the funeral prayer. Finally, based on the Principle of Injury and Harm, one of the five grand principles of Islamic Law,it is permissible not to wash corpses if washing them would expose washers to harm.
1 The Lancet Ebola: a failure of international collective action. The following messages could therefore be conveyed in the affected Mano River Union states. First, residents in Ebola-affected areas should not leave them and those living outside these areas should not enter them. Second, it is acceptable to bury patients who died from Ebola without washing their bodies. Third, it is acceptable to pray for people who have died from Ebola and bury them quickly without waiting for a large gathering of relatives and friends. Fourth, Islam calls upon Muslims to obey the people of authority who live among them. If these messages are supported by reputable scholars and reach the millions of Muslims in the Mano River Union states of Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone (through mass media and social media), there is hope that some will respond positively to it. With the amicable relationship between Muslims and non-Muslims in these three states, it is also possible that some non-Muslims will also take heed of these messages of general relevance to “show the collective responsibility and global solidarity absent at the start of this outbreak to bring it to an end”.
Copyright © 2014 Associated Press
We declare no competing interests.
Article Info Publication History Identification DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(14)61344-1 Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved. ScienceDirect Access this article on ScienceDirect
Fresno City Clerk Yvonne Spence has made an official complaint against Garry Bredefeld for comments the District 6 council member delivered last month at a council meeting.
Spence wants City Hall to take actions that ensure something like Bredefeld's commentary never happens again.
Resolving Spence's complaint, made verbally to Council President Clint Olivier, could turn into a City Charter issue involving separation of powers, freedom of speech and civil rights.
Bredefeld on Sept. 28 spoke at length during the “council member comments” period about his frustration with NFL players taking a knee during the playing of the National Anthem. His comments touched on political and social issues.
Many of the protesting NFL players are African-American. Bredefeld is white. Spence is African-American.
Spence sits at one end of the Council Chamber's dais. Bredefeld sits at the other end of the dais. Spence told me she got up from her seat on Sept. 28 and briefly left the dais while Bredefeld was speaking.
Spence later voiced her complaint to Olivier. The two of them then met with Jeff Cardell, the city's personnel director. City Manager Wilma Quan-Schecter eventually joined the meeting.
Spence met with me in her office after Thursday's council meeting. Thursday's council meeting included comments from community members sharply critical of Bredefeld's remarks.
The nature of her complaint, Spence said. “was just basically how I felt about what he (Bredefeld) said – being an African-American woman, sitting on the dais, the only (African-American on the dais) since Oliver (Baines) was out of town. I felt personally attacked, just like people said today in the comments that they gave.
“I didn't think it was the appropriate setting for him to voice those kinds of opinions. I think ‘reports and comments' is for what's going on in the city and his district, and that was not the place for it. And to go on to verbally attack African-American single parents, abortions – he just went from A to Z and I didn't think it was appropriate. I thought it was out of line.”
I asked if she has a specific resolution in mind.
“I let them know I did not ever want that to happen again while I'm sitting up there because that was inappropriate,” Spence said. “I didn't want an apology. I didn't want any of that. I just don't ever want it to happen again.”
I asked if she and Bredefeld have spoken about the issue.
“He asked to speak with me, but I wasn't ready,” Spence said.
I was unable to get hold of Bredefeld on Thursday evening. Olivier and City Hall Communications Director Mark Standriff both told me they can't comment about personnel matters.
It's there you have the big question for Fresno's 525,000 residents, far bigger than the import of Thursday's comments from the public or whether City Hall should revive something along the lines of the old Human Relations Commission.
The big question is: Does the executive branch through its authority over the workplace environment have the power to issue binding regulations on the speech of members of the legislative branch while they're performing their official, Charter-mandated duties from the Council Chamber dais?
Taking the question one step further – If not the executive branch, then does the council itself have the authority to proscribe certain policy statements/opinions from being expressed from the dais by a fellow council member?
A resolution of Spence's complaint could generate plenty of other issues and questions.
For example, the city clerk is hired and fired by the council. Did Bredefeld's comments create a hostile work environment for Spence?
The city attorney is hired and fired by the council. Would an opinion from City Attorney Doug Sloan on the jurisdictional issue be a personnel matter, therefore not subject to public review, or a charter interpretation, therefore subject to public debate?
If a council member's comments from the dais can be judged to have created a hostile work environment for a city employee also sitting on the dais, can those same council member comments be judged to have created a hostile work environment for a city employee who, for example, hears them over the Internet or listens to them on tape from the City Clerk's website?
If Quan-Schecter, Cardell (both part of the executive branch) or a council majority takes formal action to punish or selectively silence Bredefeld, do the approximately 75,000 District 6 residents represented by Bredefeld get to first voice their opinions on the matter?
For the record, I have had many occasions to speak with Yvonne Spence and Garry Bredefeld on public issues. I have found both to be honorable, talented and effective public servants. Fresno is fortunate to have them at City Hall.
Bredefeld's comments as I reported them last month in CVObserver come to 1,332 words. For the record, I give those words to you again. But this time, for the sake of clarity, I present them as a numbered list of sentences.
1.) As a veteran and someone who loves the military and this country, I find the kneeling behavior of the NFL players and owners during the playing of the National Anthem to be repugnant, disrespectful, misguided.
2.) They dishonor our country and themselves.
3.) It started with Colin Kaepernick kneeling during the playing of our National Anthem – apparently protesting police brutality and race inequality.
4.) Now, nearly all NFL players and owners kneeled last Sunday.
5.) (For example), NFL players on the Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars took a knee Sunday during the National Anthem before a football game in London, but all the kneeling players arose for the British National Anthem, “God Save the Queen.”
6.) Alejandro Villanueva (an Army veteran and Bronze Star recipient who served three tours in Afghanistan) from the Pittsburgh Steelers stood for the National Anthem, but was later shamed by his teammates and coaches into apologizing.
7.) Our National Anthem and flag represent the men and women who gave life and limb for our country.
8.) They reflect their sacrifice so that we can live in freedom. They reflect our national pride and unity as a country.
9.) As a veteran, as a father, as an elected leader of many people who have shared their outrage with me over the actions of these multi-millionaire athletes, I'd like to say something about this.
10.) I have unabashed love of this country.
11.) Americans provide free education up to the high school level.
12.) Americans provide free meals in school.
13.) We give aid to other countries in need – Mexico with the earthquake and Africa with the AIDS issue.
14.) When we have won wars, we give land back and build up the (defeated) nation; we don't have occupiers.
15.) We reach out to the homeless, mentally ill, unemployed.
16.) We give aid and comfort to those in need.
17.) Americans are governed by the Constitution and laws.
18.) Government belongs to the people.
19.) We are a republic and are not governed by dictators or a monarchy.
20.) Americans have the ability to achieve and attain anything.
21.) This country achieves through hard work and determination, grit and God-given talent.
22.) The sky's the limit.
23.) We see that with these athletes.
24.) I, too, have grievances with our country.
25.) We gave a $150 billion deal to Iran so Iran could sponsor terrorism.
26.) We have weakened our criminal laws – Propositions 47 and 57 in California.
27.) We have people on death row for 20 or 25 years who never get the death penalty.
28.) We have gender-neutral bathrooms.
29.) There is the taking down of our statues and eradicating our history.
30.) There is the legalization of drugs in our country.
31.) There are 1 million abortions in this country every year.
32.) In the United States, black children are aborted at three times the rate of white children.
33.) Hispanic children are aborted at 1.5 times the rate.
34.) Whatever the intentions of the abortion industry, abortion is a racist institution.
35.) Why aren't these athletes taking a knee for these children?
36.) Our police officers – our men and women who defend us every day against criminals, murderer, rapists – are under attack and being shot.
37.) In Dallas, five police officers were assassinated on the street.
38.) In Ferguson, Mo., a police officer was falsely accused of killing someone (allegedly) with his hands up in the air saying “don't shoot.”
39.) A total lie.
40.) The officer lost his livelihood over a lie and a false narrative.
41.) In Baltimore, the district attorney called for the guilty verdicts of five police officers in the Freddie Gray case.
42.) All five were found not guilty by juries.
43.) I disagree with all of this, and yet I stand for the flag and our National Anthem each and every time.
44.) These million-dollar athletes, I think, are protesting racism in our country.
45.) (As to racism), we fought a Civil War to end slavery – white men died to free black men.
46.) Jim Crow laws ended in the 1960s with the passage of the Civil Rights Act – signed by a white president.
47.) This country elected its first black president with the support of white men and women, and then re-elected him.
48.) We have had a black Secretary of State and a black Attorney General.
49.) We have black CEOs and leaders in all walks of life in our country.
50.) We celebrate their achievements.
51.) We have, and have had, great black leaders like Condoleezza Rice, Colin Powell, Dr. Ben Carson, Jackie Robinson, Muhammad Ali and Jim Brown.
52.) Are we perfect?
53.) No.
54.) But to deny the tremendous progress and triumphs of this country in terms of racial equality is to deny reality and to only promote a false narrative for a political agenda.
55.) (When it comes to black on black crime), data show that 93 percent of black homicide victims are killed by other blacks.
56.) There were almost 6,000 blacks killed by other blacks in 2015.
57.) In contrast, 258 blacks were killed by police gunfire that year, and that number decreased in 2016.
58.) In Chicago, a person is shot every 2 hours 17 minutes; murdered every 12 hours 21 minutes.
59.) According to The Chicago Tribune, by Labor Day weekend last year there were 500 homicides in Chicago.
60.) Nearly all were black men, shot to death in alleys and on street corners by other black men – not police.
61.) Heather Mac Donald in her book “The War on Cops: How the New Attack on Law and Order Makes Everyone Less Safe” writes: “A straight line can be drawn between family breakdown and youth violence.”
62.) (It's a fact that) 63 percent of youth suicides are from fatherless homes, five times the average;
63.) Ninety percent of all homeless and runaway children are from fatherless homes, 32 times the average;
64.) Eighty-five percent of all children who show behavior disorders come from fatherless homes, 20 times the average;
65.) Seventy-one percent of all high school dropouts come from fatherless homes, nine times the average;
66.) Eight-five percent of youths in prisons grew up in a fatherless home;
67.) Fatherless boys and girls are twice as likely to drop out of high school, twice as likely to end up in jail, four times more likely to need help for emotional or behavioral problems.
68.) What should these multi-million-dollar athletes really be protesting and fighting to change?
69.) Crime.
70.) Drugs.
71.) Gangs.
72.) The culture of victimization.
73.) (These athletes should) stop promoting the belief that if you're black, brown or any person of color, if you're poor or from any other minority class, you're an inherent victim in our society.
74.) Every person regardless of color or gender is equal under the law in this country.
75.) They can achieve success and realize the full potential of their God-given abilities.
76.) That is why people from all over the world want to come here.
77.) Promote hope and aspiration, not hate and victimization.
78.) We should be encouraging respect for authority and the police.
79.) If you are pulled over by the police, do what is requested and be respectful.
80.) The interaction will end well for everyone.
81.) Take advantage of the opportunity for education.
82.) Encourage fathers to be responsible to their children and their families.
83.) Seek employment, not dependency on government.
84.) While I don't agree with what our President called these athletes, it's clear to me that they don't understand or appreciate the meaning of our National Anthem and the sacrifice that so many veterans have made to give them the right to disrespect the flag as they have done.
85.) I encourage them and the NFL owners to use their platforms, their resources and their energies in ways that promote unity, respect and pride of our nation, and to stop promoting racial disharmony and attacking our police.
86.) (Players and team owners should) speak truth about the violence in our inner cities, about the destruction of our families, about the lack of responsibility of men of all color who father children and then abandon them.
87.) Only when we get away from phony political narratives and agendas, and deal with facts, will we really begin to solve these problems.
88.) It's my prayer today and every day that God continues to bless this country – the greatest nation on Earth.
These are eighty-eight sentences that, like them or hate them, have become part of Fresno City Hall history.
