Please enable Javascript to watch this video
During his first visit to a mosque in the United States while in office, President Barack Obama compared the anti-Muslim rhetoric to the historic persecution of Mormons.
“Mormon communities have been attacked throughout our history...We have to understand that an attack on one faith is an attack on all our faiths," President Obama said.
"I agree with every word he said," said Ed Firmage, a Mormon historian and author of the book "Zion in the Courts."
However, Firmage warns about taking too literal an interpretation regarding the remarks.
"I agree with it, but, if you push that metaphor, like any other metaphor, you're in grave danger," he said. "Reasoning from a metaphor is very dangerous."
Firmage acknowledges a bloody history for members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, but he said for Muslims, the bloodshed stretches back much further into history.
"The Muslim tradition goes back so long and Mormons don't...The Muslims have suffered so much more violence than we ever did," Firmage said.
Muslim or Mormon, the comparison may not be exact, but the message of tolerance for all, Firmage believes is universal.
"I think Tom Monson would say that, I surely say that, the president is saying that, and I agree with him," Firmage said, referring to the President of the LDS Church, Thomas S. Monson, as well as President Obama.
The most important tool humans ever mastered was fire.
The second most important is money.
With fire we unlocked a most ferocious power. The ways in which fire transformed everything are many, but I will discuss only the two I think most relevant. Amazingly, control of fire allowed us to cook food. Every animal must devote a significant amount of energy to actually breaking down and digesting food, including pre-fire man. With fire, primitive man could use the energy of burning wood to essentially prepare his food for easier digestion (with the added bonus of killing any parasites). This stone-age achievement was one of the first ways that we cheated nature. We no longer needed big energy-draining digestive systems because fire was doing that work for us. As time marched on and evolutionary processes could act we humans traded robust guts for energy-craving brains, brains which we could feed with that surplus provided to us by fire. It can easily be argued that without fire we as a species would still be in caves sucking marrow from deer bones instead of reading articles on the internet.
Fire is energy, energy that we apply instead of using our own natural features (teeth, digestive systems, claws, etc). This use of fire as energy has been with us ever since we captured and tamed it. From primitive bonfires to smith forges to steam engines and trains to nuclear energy today. I add nuclear energy to this list because it is yet another way we are cheating energy. Instead of using fire to heat water and spin turbines we break atoms. Both are energy.
Before money there was barter. You had sheep, I want lumber, we trade. From its embryonic beginnings money was simply a way of referring to other things. I had sheep, I traded those sheep to someone who wanted them and got money in exchange. I still want lumber, so when I find the guy who has lumber I give him the money, since we both agreed that the value of the money was equal to the sheep I would have traded in the previous example. Money is a tool that lets us trade our skills and services much, much faster than in a barter economy, and it also permits us to trade with people we don't know since we don't need to trust each other we only need to trust in the value of the currency we exchange (which historically was backed by gold, and today by the state).
Why have I been talking about fire and money in the same article? Because they are the same thing. Fire is energy, energy to cook food, energy to move a train… energy. Money represents fundamentally the effort of a human. In the examples of the previous paragraph I talked of wood and sheep. It takes the effort of a man to chop down the trees and cut up the wood into usable lumber. It takes the effort of a farmer to grow a carrot, for a potter to create a vase, for a carpenter to frame a house. Money then becomes a thing that can get things accomplished. Want to build a house? Use money. Want to go to the moon? Yep, money buys that too. People have in the past and will in the future do things for reasons other than money, perhaps mental illness or nationalism or many other reasonable reasons, but by and large today wherever we divert money collectively becomes a frenzy of activity and energy.
Money and fire are both dangerous tools, except we understand as a species the danger of fire yet seem oblivious to the frightening power of money. Presently in the West we are enamored with the idea of letting money be completely free, of letting natural (market) forces guide where money should flow. This is like chasing after a wildfire and picking valuables from the ash, total madness. Our ancestors made fire the slave of all mankind yet today we are all the slaves of money and we cannot see it, or cannot imagine a different world.
It is my earnest belief that we must transform our relationship with money, or at the very least understand and make concessions for the fact that it is such a powerful force. We allow private hands and indolent corporations to accumulate vast, incomprehensible sums of energy and potential activity in the form of money and sit on it, doing absolutely nothing with trillions of dollars that could represent vast projects and prosperity that could benefit all mankind. The Panama Papers illustrate this most plainly as we can see trillions of dollars simply held tight, clutched to the chest for fear of losing it. While some would argue that this is theft (and I would in fact argue that, in a different article) the most important thing to realize is that the Panama money is stagnant. Even simple analysis made from a perspective of the velocity of money shows that unspent money is worthless to an economy. Imagine for a moment if that money was in the form of gold bars, and if those gold bars were stacked into a pyramid. That pyramid would be roughly 1/7th the size of the Pyramid of Giza and would weigh over 900,000 tons. A 900,000 ton pyramid of gold would also be completely useless compared to how much economic activity and value could be produced if that unspent energy were used to motivate and move the economy, by, for example, creating a Mars program similar to the space program of the 60's, or by funding a Basic Income, or creating grants for literally millions of small businesses. After all, 35 trillion dollars can buy a lot.
The specifics of what happens to offshore hidden money is important, but the underlying point that we absolutely must take away is that money represents accrued and potential human effort and activity. To squander it in a stagnant and troubled economy as we have in the West today is at best inefficient and at worst immoral.
Advertisements
A shipment of glass spilt from a truck on a Shanghai highway, flattening a car and killing three of its passengers, according Tencent.
The fatal accident occurred as the truck was traveling along the Zhufeng highway around noon on Saturday, March 28. According to the report, the truck lurched as it braked to stop before a red light and its glass cargo was thrown from the truck, landing on a car in the adjacent lane.
Horrific pictures have emerged from the aftermath of the accident, showing the devastating effect of the weight of the glass on the small sedan. Three of its passengers were killed instantly, while two survived and were taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
There has yet to be an official statement as to the truck driver's culpability for the deaths. Yet, the incident does raise questions about the efficacy of safety measures for heavy goods in transit, and whether this particular tragedy was preventable.
Given the size and speed at which trucks are known to travel in China, driving along a highway truly seems a dangerous proposition. It was only by a miracle that a truck driver escaped death in similar circumstances last year when his cargo of concrete piles shot through the driver's cabin as he slammed on the brakes. You can watch the terrifying video here.
By Liam Bourke
Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
Melbourne CBD smoking ban expanded to include three more busy laneways after council decision
Posted
Three more laneways in Melbourne's CBD will become smoke-free following a decision by Melbourne City Council on Tuesday night.
Howey Place, Equitable Place and Block Place — which are all off Little Collins Street — have high pedestrian traffic and hospitality and retail businesses.
The ban already applies to The Causeway — a laneway running between Bourke Street Mall and Little Collins Street.
Smoking will be banned in the laneways from April, after a consultation process found there was strong support for the proposal.
Eighty-five per cent of people and businesses consulted thought the proposal was a good idea.
Councillor Richard Foster, who would like to see a CBD-wide ban implemented, says while he is pleased with the decision, he would now like council to tackle the issue on a larger scale.
"My view would be it's time to be more ambitious and consider some larger and iconic areas that could become smoke-free," Cr Foster said.
"Nearly 88 per cent of Australians don't smoke. It's important to reflect those numbers in public policy."
Cr Foster said he expected three more areas would be included by July, with consultations on further sites about to commence.
"I think it's something that has a bit of inevitability about it. I think you'll find, before long, Melbourne will have a smoke-free CBD," he said.
Quit Victoria director Sarah White welcomed the expansion of the ban.
"We think it's absolutely terrific and congratulate the City of Melbourne for taking this step," Dr White said.
"It will protect people from second-hand smoke and ensure that young children are not seeing smoking as normal.
"There is also evidence to show it helps people to quit, and really importantly, it supports people who have quit, to stay quit."
Topics: smoking, local-government, melbourne-3000
Jeff Gorton is not seeking a rebuild for the Rangers, but rather what multiple individuals within the industry have categorized as a “reset” following the 2015-16 Last Ride that ended bloodily with that five-game, first-round face wash by Pittsburgh.
But the counterintuitive reality confronting Gorton is that in order to give the Rangers a face lift on the fly that will afford the team a chance to contend for a Stanley Cup in Henrik Lundqvist's age 34/35 season, the general manager is going to have to be willing to trade two or three of his best players — we're talking Rick Nash, Derek Stepan, Chris Kreider and Kevin Klein — in order to get it done.
The Rangers are not waving the white flag. They are not engaged in a traditional rebuild, which would be a relatively easy process to kick-start by dumping everyone onto the market in order to restock the organizational cupboard that was raided throughout a four-year, all-in philosophy during which Brandon Dubinsky, Artem Anisimov, a couple of months of Ryan Callahan, Anthony Duclair, Aleksi Saarela, four first-round draft picks and two seconds were traded for Rick Nash, 15 months of Marty St. Louis, 15 months of Keith Yandle, a couple of months of Eric Staal and a third-rounder used to select Pavel Buchnevich.
Relatively easy and extremely painful with no guarantee of success in even the intermediate future. There are organizations out there, some now lauded for “proper management of assets,” that have been rebuilding forever.
This is not going to be easy for the Rangers. One source reports that Gorton “is juggling about a half-dozen balls in the air” as the NHL prepares for Entry Draft Weekend in Buffalo that will follow Wednesday's official expansion announcement and awards show in Las Vegas. Another source refers to the GM as “playing dominoes … when one piece falls, they'll all fall in line.”
It wasn't that the Blueshirts were too old through last year's 101-point season that was largely a mirage created by Lundqvist's and Antti Raanta's overriding brilliance; it is that the mix on the ice and in the room grew old and stale. In order to push the reset button and re-energize a team that lurched through the year, Gorton is going to have to move marquee players. Shuffling the bottom six up front or the third pair on defense isn't going to get the job done.
And neither is selling off assets at 60 cents on the dollar, even if a looming cap squeeze must inform Gorton's program. That wouldn't only be counterintuitive to a reset, it would be counterproductive.
If the Rangers are obligated to A) take on an onerous contract, B) retain a significant portion of his salary, or C) both of the above in order to deal Rick Nash and his $7.8 million cap hit that extends through 2017-18, then there is no reason to deal the 32-year-old winger, who has been the Rangers' best forward through his four seasons in New York, even if 2015-16 was the worst of his career.
The idea of dumping Nash or Stepan ($6.5 million through 2020-21) to clear space in order to get into position to be able to bid on impending free agent Steven Stamkos is nonsensical. Unless Tampa Bay's No. 91 is willing to take an extreme discount to play in New York, the Blueshirts would have to move approximately $10 million in total cap space to accommodate Stamkos. But why would he want to join a stripped-down team? The scenario is far-fetched.
If the Rangers reset by moving money out, they don't seem committed to bringing money back in. Unless there has been a recent dramatic shift in thinking, New York management is not interested in dealing for St. Louis' right defenseman Kevin Shattenkirk and then giving him the six-year, $42 million extension it would probably take to keep him off the free-agent market next summer when his current deal expires. So while Nash (or perhaps Kreider or Stepan) going to the Blues in exchange for Shattenkirk makes intellectual sense, it does not appear a deal the Rangers are pursuing.
If the Blueshirts deal Stepan, then it would have to be in a trade that brings back another top-line center; perhaps to Edmonton for Ryan Nugent-Hopkins, who is carrying a $6 million cap hit through 2020-21. It is a swap that would increase the Rangers' talent level (while providing Edmonton with veteran leadership), but it would also leave a void in the team's two-way game down the middle, with Stepan having been coach Alain Vigneault's default matchup center the last three years.
Would Colorado, a club in need of experience and defensive consciousness, get in on a deal for Stepan with the offensively explosive Matt Duchene coming the other way?
Again, though: Ranger forwards were deficient on the defensive side of the puck last year. So they're going to deal their most defense-minded forwards in an attempt to improve? Interesting approach.
The necessary remake of the blue line that was dreadful in its own end a year ago and will feature incumbents Ryan McDonagh, Marc Staal and Dan Girardi (if not Klein) might cost Kreider, who is a restricted free agent with salary-arbitration rights two years away from being able to flee.
Would Carolina move top-pair righty and power-play point man Justin Faulk in a deal for Kreider?
Would Minnesota, in as much need of a makeover as the Rangers, deal emerging first-pair, 21-year-old righty Matt Dumba in a deal featuring Kreider and Klein or Dylan McIlrath? Or would the Wild or Gorton be more interested in a deal in which, say, Stepan and Klein are exchanged for Mikael Granlund or Charlie Coyle in the middle and either Dumba or Jonas Brodin on defense?
A rebuild is matter-of-fact. A reset is not. In order to improve, the Rangers are going to have to trade a couple of their best players.
I'm not exactly sure how that is going to work.
While most voters favor citizenship for illegal immigrants who meet certain requirements, there is widespread agreement that new border security should come first.
In addition, more than half say we should cut the number of legal immigrants allowed into the United States.
A just-released Fox News poll finds 55 percent of voters think fewer legal immigrants should be accepted into the U.S. That's up from 43 percent in 2010.
{snip}
Overall, 28 percent of voters say the U.S. should increase legal immigration.
{snip}
By a 78-21 percent margin, voters favor allowing immigrants in the U.S. illegally to become citizens after they meet requirements such as passing a background check. Support for a pathway to citizenship has increased slightly since February. At that time it was 72-25 percent.
Non-whites (88 percent), Democrats (87 percent) and those under age 35 (84 percent) are among those most likely to favor offering a pathway to citizenship.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Christmas celebrations in Nazareth — Jesus' childhood hometown, according to Christian belief — have been canceled to protest the US president's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
The city council announced Thursday that Mayor Ali Salam, a Muslim, had ordered the axing of all planned artistic events, including a festival and large Christmas market.
“Our identity and faith aren't up for debate,” Salam said. “The decision [by Donald Trump about Jerusalem] has taken away the joy of the holiday, and we will thus cancel the festivities this year.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Nazareth is one of the holiest cities in Christendom because it was there that the angel Gabriel is believed by Christians to have told the Virgin Mary she would conceive and bear Jesus.
According to the New Testament, Jesus also grew up in the town.
The annual celebrations are a major tourist draw and source of income for the city, which is inhabited primarily by Arab citizens of Israel, two-thirds of whom are Muslim and the remaining third Christian.
In an address last Wednesday from the White House, Trump defied worldwide warnings and insisted that after repeated failures to achieve peace, a new approach was long overdue.
He described his decision to recognize Jerusalem as the seat of Israel's government as merely based on reality.
The move was hailed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and by leaders across much of the Israeli political spectrum, and condemned by the vast majority of the international community. Trump stressed that he was not specifying the boundaries of Israeli sovereignty in the city, and called for no change in the status quo at the city's holy sites.
In 2007, I was a contestant on the sixth season of The Apprentice, the last regular edition before Donald Trump pivoted from pitting MBAs against each other to staging kangaroo courts between the likes of Gene Simmons and Nadia Comaneci. The show was modeled as a grueling fourteen-week interview, from which only the most shrewd, professional, and business-savvy candidate would be selected to serve at Trump's pleasure in his global hotel, steak and MacPaint-designed water empire.
I have watched with great interest over the past week as he has vigorously defended himself from accusations of sexism and sexual assault, some lobbed at him from Apprentice alumni. He and his team have attempted many defenses, but no matter what form they take (locker room talk, the women are too ugly to harass, etc.), Trump wants it known that "Nobody has more respect for women than me!"His intractably loyal daughter Ivanka said, "He views all people equally—men or women, it doesn't matter—and he treats them accordingly."
I was the eighth person to be fired in my season, which meant I was around for the taping of nine out of fourteen episodes, including the finale. This gave me plenty of time to observe Trump's perspective, which was anything but gender blind. While I did not witness any sexual assault, I did watch Trump treat and talk about women in ways that were such textbook examples of how to create a hostile workplace environment that they could be used as "What Not to Do" sections of an HR sexual harassment video. Perhaps this is Trump's way to "Make HR great again!", bringing it back to the more halcyon days when women either quietly accepted sexist treatment or found another place to work.
Donald Trump during Mathew Imaging/FilmMagic
So come with me back to 2006 to revisit Trump in his natural habitat: Taking women who are in a position of needing to impress him and making them deeply nervous. [Note]
The Apprentice was strenuously framed to us as a job interview, not a reality show. The producers never interrupted our conversations except when one of us would make the mistake of using the word "show." We would quickly be pulled aside and reminded that this was not a "show." This wasn't The Real World, The Bachelor or one of the docuseries explicitly known to be about sex, dating, and interpersonal relationships: It was a "job interview." We were frequently reminded that we were there to represent Donald Trump and the Trump organization, which meant acting professionally at all times—which was completely at odds with the way that Trump would speak to and about us.
Such a conundrum: Is it better to be portrayed as a sexy, frivolous candidate, or a serious prude of a candidate?
The new sunnier, sexier L.A. filming location lent itself to such reality show staples as having a pool and hot tub in our backyard. It is a reality-TV rule that all contestants must lose their minds upon first seeing their temporary housing, regardless of whether said contestants live in as nice or nicer a home in their regular lives. When we first saw the pool we did our duty and acted batshit for the cameras, while some of us were privately concerned that the pool might be a trap. Many of the women refused to put on a bathing suit, saying it would make them look unprofessional. Some women, like myself, were worried we'd be scrutinized for our bodies. Trump had already commented on our looks many times during auditions, and wearing a bikini on the show would just open us up to further judgment about our physical appearance. Such a conundrum: Is it better to be portrayed as a sexy, frivolous candidate, or a serious prude of a candidate?
Trump talked about the female contestants' appearances almost every time he was on set.
Producers zeroed in on those fears, asking us in our confessionals if we thought certain women were unprofessional based on their choice to get in the pool or not. They also asked us who we thought looked best in a bathing suit and if we thought wearing a bikini would impress Mr. Trump. (I was never asked any of these questions about the men's bathing suits or their choice whether or not to go swimming.) After many circuitous attempts to solve this zen koan of sexism, I grew annoyed that I was put in this confusing position, said "Fuck this noise" and ended up wearing a bathing suit so as not to preemptively cower from potential body-shaming. I was one of two women to do so in the promo shoot, which admittedly made for an odd job-interview tableau.
The job applicants for The Apprentice, season six. The author is in the pool, on the bottom left. Courtesy Jenn Hoffman
Trump talked about the female contestants' appearances almost every time he was on set. If he was in a good mood he would compliment the female cast members and say things like, "Don't the women look beautiful today?", "Wow, take a look at them" and "Don't they look good?" (I never heard him make similar physical assessments of the men, no "Nice suit" or "Check out the gun show!") But with great beauty comes great danger: Trump would follow up comments about our looks with warnings that he was on to our manipulative ways. He told me I was attractive but to "watch out" because I was "the most articulate one" and a "real killer." He liked to position our softer and more feminine qualities against our potential to hurt someone; he seemed both enthralled with and wary of women. Personally, I was more amused than offended by Trump's flirtatious nature. What made them problematic to me was that they were compliments we could not refuse. To reject his flattery was to risk facing the oversensitive wrath of an offended Donald Trump.
Compliments from Trump were always a mixed bag. Trump seemed very into Kristine Lefebvre, then an L.A.-based attorney, and told her that she was hot—but she would be hotter without her tattoos. He focused a lot on her body and her personal life, commenting loudly about her physique and her marriage to future celebrity chef Ludo Lefebvre. He questioned her ability to be both a hard worker and a wife, accusing her of never being able to commit to both a husband and a demanding career.
He repeatedly reminded us that contestant Heidi Androl, at the time a helicopter-parts saleswoman who was fired in the second-to-last episode, was very attractive and looked like a model. Many of us started to feel like he wanted Heidi to win whether she did the best job or not. Even when she screwed up, she still received praise from Trump and was credited for our wins, so we gave up on trying to compete directly with her. If she made a mistake, the common boardroom strategy on our team was "Well, he wants to bang Heidi so we better blame someone else for the loss."
"So you're not attracted to my daughter?" he asked disbelievingly. "So Ivanka does nothing for you?"
Our reward for winning an early task was a visit to the Playboy mansion, complete with a meet-and-greet with Hugh Hefner and a party thrown in our honor. When the victor was my team, at that point comprised of six women and two men, Trump bemoaned that the reward was being wasted on what he called "a team of women and a gay guy." (Derek Arteta was indeed gay, but Trump didn't even acknowledge that our team had a second male teammate, Surya Yalamanchili. The thin, studious Surya was a regular target of Trump's disdain as he did not fit the mold of the bro-y male candidates who comprised the bulk of the other team, and for whom a trip to the Playboy mansion would have inspired countless thunderous high-fives.) Off camera but within our earshot, I heard Trump say that he had wanted to reward the other guys by giving them a shot at a potential hook-up.
To Trump, there is no greater treasure than a beautiful woman, and he can't imagine anyone not sharing his values. During our initial Spago dinner, our host had been shocked upon learning that Derek was gay. "So you're not attracted to my daughter?" he asked disbelievingly. "So Ivanka does nothing for you?" (Fun fact: Ivanka was not at the dinner, but Melania was, sitting next to her husband. So even with his beautiful wife one seat away, he held up his daughter as the standard bearer of hotness to test for gayness in men. But I digress.)
The Playboy Mansion Michael Tran/FilmMagic
Upon arrival at the Playboy mansion, we were greeted by Hugh Hefner's three "girlfriends," as seen on The Girls Next Door: Kendra Wilkinson, Holly Madison, and Bridget Marquardt. The three were giddily excited to see us, and bounced up against a proprietary Hef for the cameras. Later, when we all sat with a genial Hef in his home as he held court, the three women flicked off their inner light switches, and seemed somewhat depressed and sad. I would soon relate to these next-door girls and the pressure to seem overly happy and grateful to be in the presence of an old rich white dude whenever cameras turned on.
I will admit that I was excited about the prize, and thought it would be fun to see this iconic, last bastion of benevolent sexism, the Disney World of misogyny. But the same dilemma remained: Was a trip to the Playboy mansion appropriate for a female job candidate—or, for that matter, anyone involved in a job interview? This was a moot point, as reward trips were not optional. We were expected to attend all events or face consequences, both contractually and substantively: Stay home and you risked that most fiendish of reality-TV punishments—an unflattering edit.
A few hours into the party, Kristine Lefebvre and I were standing among many half-naked women by the famous Playboy grotto when Trump joined us and shortly initiated some of his patented locker room talk. He started talking about our bodies, comparing them to the bunnies'. Ours were beautiful, he appraised, maybe even better than the bunnies'; staring at our chests, he confidently declared that we didn't even need "the enhancements." I wasn't offended by his observations, I was more amused by how he's not the breast expert he thinks he is. (Incidentally, one year later Kristine was on the cover of Playboy, though this is something Kristine says she arranged with Hugh Hefner independent of Trump.)
He wants you to be sexy, but only if he thinks you are sexy. Otherwise you're being gross and desperate.
The ultimate Catch-22 of being a woman on Trump's The Apprentice came in the second episode, when we were tasked to create a line of swimsuits for Trina Turk that would be modeled at a runway show. The teams were purposely not assigned enough models to exhibit the entire lines, so a male and female contestant on each team had to volunteer to model suits.
Later, in the boardroom, Trump teased the male modelers a little, but generally left them alone. Having the men model seemed like a fun gag to him, but the women's struts were serious business. After seeing Kristine model her swimsuit, Trump had gone backstage to visit her and said, "Oh, my God! Who would have known that body was under there? You should be a model." Later, in the boardroom, he praised those who did get suited up, but subjected those who didn't to a chastising inquisition: Why didn't they want to model? What was the problem? He seemed personally wounded by this decision to maintain professionalism. And yet, he turned on Kristine, whom he'd just ogle-praised at the runway, interrogating her as to why she did volunteer for this task. It was a typically confusing Trump situation where you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. He wants you to be sexy, but only if he thinks you are sexy. Otherwise you're being gross and desperate.
Ten years ago, I bristled at the producers' constant refrain that The Apprentice wasn't a show, it was a job interview. But as new revelations about Donald Trump's behavior toward women arise every day, it's become clear that the producers weren't lying: Our experience on The Apprentice was indeed a typical Donald Trump job interview.
Our table at La Casa Del Mofongo, a Dominican restaurant in Washington Heights, New York, buzzed with excitement as we reunited with our former students, whom neither of us had seen in a year, since we transitioned to other jobs. While the other graduating seniors fretted about college loans, Lamont regaled us with plans for attending a selective liberal-arts college in New York State, which had offered him a full scholarship. Glancing at an empty seat at our table, we inquired about creative, sensitive and idiosyncratic Manny. Lamont averted his eyes and regretfully informed us, “Manny dropped out.” (Names are pseudonyms.)
Lamont and Manny were students in our ninth grade English inclusion class, comprised of typically developing students and students with disabilities. There was nothing typical about Lamont or Manny since both were gifted and talented. However, Lamont was gifted in many areas, while Manny was asynchronous and, we believe, twice-exceptional (gifted but possessing a disability). Unfortunately, due to a lack of services for low-income twice-exceptional students, the outcomes for Lamont and Manny were drastically different.
There is much indignation over the school to prison pipeline that funnels children into the criminal justice system, especially regarding the large number of special education students within this population. As many as 70% of those arrested possess some kind of disability. Lamentably overlooked, though, is the other at-risk population, gifted and talented students. In fact, the gifted may comprise as much as 20% of prisoners, according to Marylou Kelly Streznewski's Gifted Grown Ups: The Mixed Blessings of Extraordinary Potential.
Where is the outrage about the pipeline to prison for gifted students?
Gifted students need specialized instruction to reach their full potential. However, due to a lack of funding, only 56% of high achievers from low-income families remain successful by fifth grade, according to the Jack Kent Cooke Foundation. Furthermore, high ability students from low-income backgrounds, as compared to their more advantaged peers, are twice as likely to drop out of school. Dropping out triples the likelihood of incarceration later in life.
(The Jack Kent Cooke Foundation is among the various funders of The Hechinger Report.)
What a tragic waste of potential for them and for us, who would benefit from their contributions.
In the pursuit of “equity,” bureaucrats ignore gifted children whom they perceive as elitist. Perhaps because the root word “gift” means something freely given, giftedness connotes privilege. Nothing is further from the truth.
Potential doesn't equal performance.
Many gifted students are impoverished, underperform due to distraction and boredom, or possess disabilities that most well-intentioned teachers are not trained to handle. The belief that gifted students can fend for themselves is misguided and inequitable.
With initiatives like No Child Left Behind, which focuses on raising the achievement of low-ability students, the gifted and talented—the other outlier population—are left behind. Meanwhile, the Jacob K. Javits Gifted and Talented Students Education Program, the only federal program for gifted students, received only $5 million in 2014, a pittance compared with the $11.5 billion allocated to special education.
Socio-economically disadvantaged students are the most adversely affected by this lack of funding, since the poorest neighborhoods, like District 7 in the South Bronx, with predominantly Hispanic and black students, lack a single gifted program. Furthermore, only three states require their general education teachers to have training in gifted education.
Though Lamont's work was noteworthy, Manny's was transcendent. We'll never forget his stories, poems and drawings. Lamont and Manny were prototypes of the successful gifted student and the at-risk gifted student, respectively. They were the highest performers in our often disruptive class. But, while Lamont was able to focus, Manny was distractible. He embraced every opportunity to work independently. Furthermore, with his emotional sensitivity, common in creatively gifted children, Manny was easily irritated.
Additionally, Lamont had a stable home life, while Manny didn't. Although both were raised by single mothers on public assistance, Lamont's mom was loving and dedicated, while Manny's was abusive. Social services had removed him previously, but he was back with her at that juncture.
Manny thrived in our class because at-risk gifted students benefit from individual creative projects and mentorship from adults. Admittedly, we knew nothing about gifted education best practices at the time, but made prudent choices regarding strategies. Still, we often bemoaned the lack of an honors class, which would have provided less distraction and more motivation.
Already frustrated by his struggle in algebra, Manny was trying to grasp the intricacies of a formula when someone chucked a spitball at him, inciting Manny to shove the boy into a wall. As a result, he was suspended from school for a few days.
Unlike Lamont who excelled in every subject, Manny's performance was uneven. Highly gifted in writing and the arts, he struggled profoundly in math. Furthermore, his social and emotional development were out of sync with his intellectual development, as evidenced by his loss of temper. His heightened emotionalism was compounded by his family troubles.
In retrospect, we realize that Manny was probably twice-exceptional, intellectually gifted with a disability, in his case emotional due to his traumatic home life. While there is no concrete data about twice-exceptionality, professionals say it exists in many people. In order to qualify for special education services, a student must be referred for a psychological evaluation. As he did well in our class, we never referred him for testing. Unfortunately, we did not understand the complexity of giftedness at the time.
One day, after Manny was no longer our student, we noticed one of our colleagues frantically assembling an application for an intervention program for Manny, who had joined a gang.
Manny joined the gang for acceptance, family and protection. Family issues aside, had he been in a gifted program where other students were similarly artistic and emotional, he would not have needed the support of a gang.
Manny attended the intervention, but a year later dropped out of school. While Lamont thrives in college, where he is now a junior, our attempts to contact Manny have been unsuccessful; his phone number has been disconnected, his social media deleted, and even his mother doesn't know where he is.
For every success story like Lamont's, there are many more tragic outcomes like Manny's.
We can help at-risk gifted kids if we by doing the following stop playing politics at the expense of children. We must allocate more federal and state funding for gifted education. We must also create more scholarship opportunities for gifted kids to attend private schools train teachers and counselors in gifted education and identify gifted students earlier.
We also need to research best practices for high-ability, low-income youngsters, create honors classes, advanced placement classes and specialized high schools in low-income areas. Creating mentorships in which adults are assigned to at-risk students so that they don't fall by the wayside is also important.
Although gifted children are exceptional students like special education students, they are not protected by a federal law like The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. Because funding is inconsistent, it is socio-economically disadvantaged gifted students who are hurt by the lack of protection. As the other marginalized population, they should be afforded resources equal to those of special education students, especially since many gifted students are twice-exceptional.
Gifted education's $5 million, as compared to special education's $11.5 billion, is anything but egalitarian.
You can follow Florina and Sabrina on Twitter at @nycauthentic. This piece was produced by The Hechinger Report, a nonprofit, independent news website focused on inequality and innovation in education.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
Donald Trump in 2005 toasted a Russian real estate developer with alleged ties to organized crime as his “friend,” according to a report published on Tuesday by McClatchy.
Trump made a video conference call to real estate developer Tofik Arifov on the occasion of Arifov's birthday in 2005, according to McClatchy's report.
“Tofik is my friend!” Trump said, as quoted in the report. “Let's toast Tofik!”
Arifov and another person present at his 2005 birthday party, Alexander Mashkevich, have been alleged to have ties to organized crime, according to the report.
McClatchy cited sealed documents about Russian organized criminal groups it obtained “that were part of a British lawsuit involving several Russians.”
“We have nothing for you at this time,” White House spokeswoman Stephanie A. Grisham told TPM in an email.
Arifov, a former Soviet official, co-founded Bayrock, a New York property developer based in Trump Tower. Trump partnered with Bayrock to build Trump SoHo, a hotel-condominium in New York City. Bayrock listed Mashkevich in a 2007 presentation as a “source of financing” for Trump development projects, including Trump SoHo.
In March, USA Today reported that Trump's companies have been linked to “at least 10 former Soviet businessmen with alleged ties to criminal organizations or money laundering,” and included Mashkevich (and Arifov by association, under the name Tevfik Arif) on its list.
Trump has repeatedly denied having any business ties to Russia.
Helicopters unable to land at Sydney's Nepean Hospital due to nearby construction
Updated
Helicopters transporting critically ill patients are unable to land at Nepean Hospital in western Sydney, because construction cranes from nearby residential developments are blocking approaches to the helipad.
The Nepean Blue Mountains Local Health District confirmed the transfer of patients by helicopters had been suspended since the 14th of October.
The hospital's acting general manager Brett Williams said the suspension was "due to the proximity of construction cranes at residential developments on Derby and Parker Streets, Kingswood, affecting helicopter approach paths."
"Nepean Hospital is working with relevant authorities to restore access for helicopters as soon as it is safe to do so," Mr Williams said.
He did not give a timeframe for the return of service.
Mr Williams said in the meantime, NSW Ambulance had worked with senior clinicians to develop a plan to ensure "time-critical" patients could be transported by road to Nepean.
But the Opposition's Health spokesman Walt Secord said lives were at risk, and he called on the Health Minister Jillian Skinner to intervene.
"In an emergency situation, every minute counts" Mr Secord said.
"So we have the ludicrous situation where there was an accident near Nepean hospital, helicopter landed, picked up the patient and had to go to Westmead Hospital.
"[It] actually flew past Nepean.
"In a rare situation they will land in a park or sporting oval and then use an ambulance to carry someone to Nepean Hospital, but that is completely unacceptable."
Topics: university-of-western-sydney-2560, sydney-2000, nsw
First posted
A deal reached between the MTA and the Transport Workers Union will give unionized subway and bus employees 8 percent raises over five years — while sparing riders fare hikes.
“We have a fair wage settlement but most importantly, no impact on fares,” said MTA boss Thomas Prendergast.
Transit workers will get retroactive pay hikes of 1 percent for 2012 and 2013, followed by 2 percent increases in 2014, 2015 and 2016.
Workers for the first time will get two weeks of paid maternity/paternity leave, as well as improved vision- and dental-care insurance benefits.
Their contract had expired in early 2012. During negotiations on a new deal, the union had focused on how its workers were instrumental in rebuilding the transit system after Hurricane Sandy.
Talks progressed well on Wednesday between the MTA and union president John Samuelsen, who then asked Gov. Cuomo to help finish the deal.
“It's been a very long two years, a two-year fight,” Samuelsen said.
As part of the agreement, transit workers will chip in 2 percent of their base pay for their health-care benefits, up from 1.5 percent.
City municipal workers don't chip in for their health care.
MTA workers also gave concessions on the time it takes to get to the top of pay scales, from three to five years, sources said.
Higher revenues in the budget from real-estate taxes and record ridership will also go toward the raises — sparing riders from fare hikes, sources added.
A state comptroller's report last fall revealed that the MTA had taken in almost $2 billion more in new resources than it had expected in its five-year ­financial plan.
The union board OK'd the deal late Wednesday, with MTA-board approval due.
MTA board member ­Allen Cappelli said he supported the agreement.
“MTA transit workers not only saved the system during Sandy, but operate one of the best transit operations,” he said.
Cuomo said he does not believe the MTA deal will have any effect on labor negotiations with the city's municipal workers.
“The mayor will negotiate his contracts separately,” the governor said.
Sources said the agreement with the TWU could impact negotiations between the MTA and unionized LIRR workers, who have threatened to strike this summer.
A board appointed by President Obama in the LIRR talks is likely to look at the TWU settlement while considering both sides' last offers, before recommending final action, sources added.
Only a few days away from one of, if not the biggest fight in boxing. For all the buzz that Mayweather-McGregor generated, fans of the sweet science have known since the announcements that the better fight is in September. If ever there was a fight to pitch to casual observers and general sports fans in the latter half of 2017, it's this one (first-half honors going to Joshua-Klitschko).
A few betting books have narrow, comparable odds. As the fight approaches, Oddsshark has Golovkin -155 to Alvarez +125; Lootmeister has Golovkin -165 to Alvarez +135; BookMaker has Golovkin -170 to Alvarez +145; 5Dimes has Golovkin -175 to Alvarez +155; Bovada has it the same as Lootmeister.
The books, regardless of the marginal differences, demonstrate what fight fans already know and why they clamored for years for this bout to be made. For those familiar with how the road has twisted and turned, we made it. For those who don't know the story, you're in for the closing of a “will they or won't they” story. For those who don't care about the politics, you're in for a treat nonetheless.
Despite how the oddsmakers have it, there are a few questions about both fighters that need to be asked:
November 2, 2017
Novel three-step pretargeted radioimmunotherapy offers safe, effective treatment
RESTON, Va. – Researchers at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York City and Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston have developed a new, three-step system that uses nuclear medicine to target and eliminate colorectal cancer. In this study with a mouse model, researchers achieved a 100-percent cure rate—without any treatment-related toxic effects. The study is reported in the November featured article in The Journal of Nuclear Medicine.
In the video below, Sarah Cheal, PhD, of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, explains this new system for treating colorectal cancer:
Until now, radioimmunotherapy (targeted therapy) of solid tumors using antibody-targeted radionuclides has had limited therapeutic success. “This research is novel because of the benchmarks reached by the treatment regimen, in terms of curative tumor doses, with non-toxic secondary radiation to the body's normal tissues,” explains Steven M. Larson, MD, and Sarah Cheal, PhD, of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “The success in murine tumor models comes from the unique quality of the reagents developed by our group, and the reduction to practice methodology, including a theranostic approach that can be readily transferred, we believe, to patients.”
Theranostics, a term derived from therapy and diagnostics, is the use of a single agent to both diagnose and treat disease. The theranostic agent first finds the cancer cells, then destroys them, leaving healthy cells unharmed—minimizing side effects and improving quality of life for patients.
In this study, the glycoprotein A33 (GPA33), an antigen found on over 95 percent of primary and metastatic human colorectal cancers, was targeted with a bispecific antibody for A33 tumor antigen and a second antibody for a small-molecule radioactive hapten, a complex of lutetium-177 (177Lu) and S-2-(4-aminobenzyl)1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane tetra-acetic acid (177Lu-DOTA-Bn).
The DOTA-pretargeted radioimmunotherapy (PRIT) strategy was tested on a mouse model. In randomly selected mice undergoing treatment, serial SPECT/CT imaging was used to monitor treatment response and calculate radiation-absorbed doses to tumors. All the DOTA-PRIT–treated animals tolerated the treatment well, and all 9 assessed mice had no trace of cancer remaining upon microscopic examination. There was also no detectable radiation damage to critical organs, including bone marrow and kidneys.
The 100-percent cure rate in the mouse model is a promising preliminary finding that suggests that anti-GPA33-DOTA-PRIT will be a potent radioimmunotherapy regimen for GPA33-positive colorectal cancer tumors in humans.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer affecting both men and women. Each year, approximately 140,000 new cases are diagnosed in the United States and 50,000 people die of the disease.
The applications of this nuclear medicine treatment protocol could extend to other cancers as well. Larson and Cheal state, “If clinically successful, our approach will expand the repertoire of effective treatments for oncologic patients. The system is designed as a ‘plug and play' system, which allows for the use of many fine antibodies targeting human tumor antigens and is applicable, in principle, to virtually all solid and liquid tumors in man.” They add, “There is a huge unmet need in oncology, especially for the solid tumors, for curative treatments for advanced disease. This includes, colon, breast, pancreas, melanoma, lung, and esophageal, to name a few.”
Figure: Efficacy of DOTA-PRIT evaluated as tumor growth and survival in mice bearing SW1222 subcutaneous xenografts. Left: Tumor growth presented as the change in tumor volume for each individual mouse over time (green: no treatment; blue: 177Lu-DOTA-Bn only; red: DOTA-PRIT). Top right: Schematic representation of the three-step anti-GPA33 DOTA-PRIT protocol. Bottom right: Representative SPECT/CT images obtained from mouse at 24 hours post-injection of cycle 1. Credit: S Cheal et al., Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY.
Authors of “Curative multicycle radioimmunotherapy monitored by quantitative SPECT/CT-based theranostics, using bispecific antibody pretargeting strategy in colorectal cancer” include Sarah M. Cheal, Edward K. Fung, Mitesh Patel, Hong Xu, Hong-fen Guo, Pat B. Zanzonico, Nai-Kong V. Cheung, and Steven M. Larson of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY; Sebastien Monette of the Tri-Institutional Laboratory of Comparative Pathology, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Weill Cornell Medicine, and The Rockefeller University, New York, NY; and K. Dane Wittrup, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA.
This study was supported in part by the Donna & Benjamin M. Rosen Chair; Enid A. Haupt Chair; The Center for Targeted Radioimmunotherapy and Theranostics, Ludwig Center for Cancer Immunotherapy of Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center; NIH R01 CA101830, and NIH/NCI Cancer Center Support Grant P30 CA008748. S.M. Larson was also supported in part by NIH P50 CA86438.
###
Please visit the SNMMI Media Center to view the PDF of the study, including images, and more information about molecular imaging and personalized medicine. To schedule an interview with the researchers, please contact Laurie Callahan at (703) 652-6773 or lcallahan@snmmi.org. Current and past issues of The Journal of Nuclear Medicine can be found online at http://jnm.snmjournals.org.
About the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging
The Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging (SNMMI) is an international scientific and medical organization dedicated to raising awareness about nuclear medicine and molecular imaging, vital elements of precision medicine that allow diagnosis and treatment to be tailored to individual patients in order to achieve the best possible outcomes.
SNMMI's more than 15,000 members set the standard for molecular imaging and nuclear medicine practice by creating guidelines, sharing information through journals and meetings and leading advocacy on key issues that affect molecular imaging and therapy research and practice. For more information, visit www.snmmi.org.
Full JNM article: Curative multicycle radioimmunotherapy for CRC
Downloadable Photo: Efficacy of DOTA-PRIT
Spoiler alert: In one of the biggest games in the history of one of college football's biggest rivalries, we have a pretty good idea of who's going to win. Alabama has been superior to Auburn for almost the entire 2013 season, and as I mentioned yesterday, my own projections give the Crimson Tide about a 78 percent chance of winning Saturday's Iron Bowl in Auburn.
If Alabama wins, the reasons will be pretty obvious. Nick Saban's Tide have a talent advantage over almost anybody (and while Auburn has recruited well enough to compete, Alabama has the experience advantage, too). And in 2013, they have one of their best run-stopping fronts of the Saban era, not to mention an offense that is explosive early and methodical late, plus a special teams unit that is by far the best in the country.
Alabama dramatically tilts the field in its favor, makes more big plays than you, wears you down and breaks your will. As I've said before, Alabama wins typically end up like a professional wrestling match: once the Tide get the advantage, they start their series of finishing moves, then bear hug you until you're unconscious. You know it's coming -- you know the big boot to the face sets up the leg drop -- and you can't stop any of it.
You know the big boot to the face sets up the leg drop -- and you can't stop any of it.
Okay, so there's your "What's most likely to happen?" preview, basically the template for every Alabama game.
So let's talk a bit about the other 22 percent. If these two teams played 10 times, Alabama might win about eight of the games. But Auburn only has to win once. If the Tigers pull off a magnificent, script-flipping upset, how does it happen? What checkpoints will they have successfully navigated through to have ended up in the land of the 22 percent?
1. Win field position.
In Brian Fremeau's special teams ratings, Alabama's in the top 10 in field goal efficiency, punting efficiency, punt return efficiency, kickoff efficiency and kick return efficiency. This is by far the most dominant special teams unit in the country, and it gives the Tide a field position advantage they don't even usually need.
Alabama's typically a good field position team simply because the Tide will force more three-and-outs than you can. Give them an untouchable special teams unit and it's just unfair. They're going to start their drives at the 35 (or better), you're starting yours at the 25 (or worse) and there's little you can do about it.
But Auburn might be able to do something about it. The Tigers are fourth in Fremeau's special teams ratings, with an outstanding return game (Tre Mason on kick returns, Quan Bray and Chris Davis on punt returns) and competence throughout (aside from perhaps kick coverage). Auburn is also one of the country's better offenses when it comes to generating at least a first down or two before punting. Obviously turnovers and other factors play major roles in this, but if Auburn can hold steady, pin Alabama inside its 30 on average and prevent the Tide from doing the same, the Tigers have broken serve, so to speak.
What do the advanced stats say?
When Alabama has the ball
F/+: Bama O 12th, Auburn D 22nd
Standard Downs S&P+: Bama O 11th, Auburn D 51st
Passing Downs S&P+: Auburn D 12th, Bama O 14th
Rushing S&P+: Bama O 12th, Auburn D 39th
Passing S&P+: Bama O 17th, Auburn D 34th
Adj. Line Yards: Bama O 12th, Auburn D 19th
Adj. Sack Rate: Bama O 19th, Auburn D 33rd
First Down Rate: Bama O 12th, Auburn D 95th
Explosive Drives: Bama O second, Auburn D 84th
Methodical Drives: Bama O 39th, Auburn D 94th When Auburn has the ball
F/+: Bama D second, Auburn O 17th
Standard Downs S&P+: Bama D fourth, Auburn O 30th
Passing Downs S&P+: Bama D ninth, Auburn O 10th
Rushing S&P+: Bama D second, Auburn O 11th
Passing S&P+: Bama D 11th, Auburn O 27th
Adj. Line Yards: Bama D second, Auburn O fifth
Adj. Sack Rate: Auburn O 90th, Bama D 113th
First Down Rate: Bama D 19th, Auburn O 23rd
Explosive Drives: Auburn O eighth, Bama D 11th
Methodical Drives: Bama D second, Auburn O 59th Here are some of the key advanced rankings for the Iron Bowl.
2. Yards on first down.
A couple of weeks ago, I spent a good portion of my Georgia-Auburn preview telling you how Auburn's offense perhaps isn't well-built for falling behind, either on the scoreboard or in a given set of downs. I don't want to overstate this issue, because the Tigers are still a solid 10th in Passing Downs S&P+, but what I said about facing Georgia goes doubly true about facing Alabama. Auburn is more than competent on passing downs, but Alabama is pretty good at making you incompetent.
Auburn's ability to generate yards on first down will go a long way toward determining the winner of this game. The Tigers executed a perfect game plan against Georgia, running well enough on their first drive (16 plays, 56 yards, field goal), then going pass-happy on their second (six plays, 63 yards, touchdown). They forced Georgia to stay honest, and while the Bulldogs eventually turned the tables as Auburn went into clock-killing mode -- AU's last four drives before the game-winning miracle touchdown pass to Ricardo Louis: three punts, two three-and-outs, and a field goal set up by good field position -- Auburn's early variety and success made for a cushion.
However head coach Gus Malzahn chooses to go about doing it, Auburn will have to employ variety, misdirection and every trick in the book to keep the ball moving forward on first down. If the Tigers can produce a steady set of second-and-4s, they'll be okay. For all of its strengths, Alabama's defense isn't the best in the world at stopping short-yardage, power situations; Alabama won't allow you more than about two or three yards without a fight and a gang tackle from C.J. Mosley, Trey Depriest and company. Auburn can convert on second and third down if it isn't falling behind on first, but that's easier said than done.
3. Uppercuts.
Scott Cunningham, Getty
Jabs win rounds. Knockdowns win fights. Or something like that. If Auburn is consistently falling behind schedule, the Tigers have no chance, but even if they're moving the chains they'll still probably need a few big plays along the way, or at least more than they allow.
Both of these offenses are in the top 20 in PPP+ (explosiveness) and in the top 10 in Explosive Drives. They go about generating easy scores in different ways, but they both succeed. Alabama's play-action game is simply deadly; Kevin Norwood, Amari Cooper, and DeAndrew White have combined for 90 catches at 14.6 yards per catch with 12 touchdowns. It's more than that, though. Alabama has proven willing and able to take the ball to the house in whatever manner you allow -- play-action bombs, long runs, perfectly blocked bubble screens, etc.
One of Alabama's biggest advantages in this game is its ability to stop big plays.
Auburn has Sammie Coates ready and willing to go long at any moment. But the Tigers are more likely to gash you on the ground. Nick Marshall is perhaps the best zone-read quarterback in the country right now, and not counting sacks, Marshall and running backs Tre Mason, Cameron Artis-Payne, and Corey Grant have combined to average 6.9 yards per carry on 42 carries per game. Yes, Auburn runs a variation of the spread offense, but the Tigers are more run-prone than Alabama; they're also almost better at the power game, as strange as that may sound to a casual fan.
One of Alabama's biggest advantages in this game is its ability to stop big plays. The Alabama defense is fifth in PPP+ and 11th in Explosive Drives; Auburn is 35th and 84th, respectively. You have to make more big plays than Alabama to win, and the Tide make it very difficult to pull that off. Auburn has to find a way. Count each team's 20-yard (or more) gains, and you'll probably figure out who won.
In this way, my colleague Spencer Hall was exactly right during Monday's Selection Committee: One of the best reasons to believe in Auburn is that Gus Malzahn can and will pull out all the stops. He's had two weeks to prepare, and you have to believe this will be, as Spencer put it, "high school coach Gus Malzahn" opening up the playbook and using misdirection and general funkiness to put Alabama's defense on its heels as much as possible. It might not work -- after all, "You don't win with schemes, you win with football players making plays" -- but … it might work.
4. ATTAAAAACK.
Kevin C. Cox, Getty
On standard downs, when opponents can either run or pass, Auburn's general inexperience shows a little bit. The Tigers are a pretty placid group on early downs, ranking only 51st in Standard Downs S&P+, sending almost nobody at the passer and attempting to mitigate damages from the opponent's primary strengths.
Now, Auburn's defense has absolutely improved in this regard; the Tigers' ability to take away Todd Gurley on first down had as much to do with Auburn taking a 34-17 lead into the fourth quarter against Georgia (before a subsequent collapse) as anything they did on offense. But Ellis Johnson's defense is still only decent on standard downs, nothing special. Alabama will find ways to poke holes in this defense at times when runs and passes are equally likely.
On passing downs, though, Auburn could change the game. Auburn's defense is one of the nation's best on second- or third-and-long. Senior end Dee Ford flies at the quarterback from one direction, freshmen Carl Lawson and Elijah Daniel (or junior LaDarius Owens) come at you from the other side, and tackles Nosa Eguae, Gabe Wright, and Montravius Adams (another freshman) frequently penetrate the interior of the offensive line. Auburn is able to generate wonderful pressure (ninth in passing-downs sack rate) without sending the house, which allows the Tigers to pin their ears back without becoming too vulnerable to screens and counter punches.
Of course, Alabama's offense is sturdy and explosive on passing downs. The Tide block well, and quarterback AJ McCarron makes strong decisions. There is no guarantee that Auburn will hold the same type of passing-downs advantage that it did against Georgia (especially early on) and most other teams. But if Auburn wins, pressure here is a must. Sack McCarron a couple of times early, and you'll flip the field a bit (remember how important field position is?) and perhaps force a turnover (remember how important uppercuts are?). Auburn isn't going to force a ton of passing downs against this offense, but if the Tigers can take advantage of the ones they get, they'll have a chance.
5. Magic.
Auburn really shouldn't be here. The Tigers needed clutch, late play to survive home games versus Washington State and Mississippi State in September, and they needed the craziest play of the season to survive Georgia, also at home. They are about three plays from being 7-4 right now, and while that type of record would still represent incredible progress on the Plains, Auburn's ability to survive (and benefit from some good luck) has transformed this season from a strong turnaround to a team-of-destiny situation.
I use numbers too much to believe too heavily in fate or destiny or karma. Still … I'm a fan. And each season, it's hard not to feel like certain teams just have luck on their side. That Auburn benefited from a miracle at the end of the Georgia game made sense, just as it made sense that Georgia would be on the losing end of such a play. Auburn heads into this game having both improved steadily and benefited from some luck. The Tigers will need a little more magic to survive a visit from Alabama, but it certainly feels like they could, doesn't it?
Nick Saban doesn't believe in magic, of course. Again, odds are good that Alabama wins this game because it has the better team, more seasoned players (especially when it comes to playing in big games), and more advantages. But in a nearly unmatchable atmosphere, Auburn isn't going to be that far from turning the probable on its head.
Watch this game assuming Alabama will win, but suspect that Malzahn and his Tigers have a few tricks to pull.
More from SB Nation college football:
Follow @SBNationCFBFollow @SBNRecruiting
• Thanksgiving weekend TV schedule: Iron Bowl leads Hate Week
• Maybe the best This Week In Schadenfreude ever
• No, every team that loses one game isn't a total fraud
• College football news | Jameis decision could come after ACC title
• Long CFB reads | The night Baylor died in Stillwater
Just three days after receiving the Advocate for Change prize at the GLAAD Media Award in Los Angeles, Bill Clinton turned up in New York to introduce the film Bridegroom at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The former president, close friends with the film's director Linda Bloodworth-Thomason, spoke highly of the documentary that shines a light on how a lack of marital rights can compound the grief of a surviving spouse when the other one dies.
‘This is really – on one level – a wonderful, sad, heartbreaking yet exhilarating and life affirming story, and on another level it's a story about our nation's struggle to make one more step in forming a more perfect union, for which marriage is both the symbol and substance,' Clinton told the crowd.
The documentary tells the story of Shane Bitney Crone and what happened after his partner of six years, Tom Bridegroom, was killed in an accidental fall off of a building in their Los Feliz neighborhood.
Crone's grief was compounded by the heartless actions of Tom's homophobic family subsequently but he was also treated with indifference by most hospital staff.
Crone took to Facebook after the screening Tuesday to express his thoughts: ‘There were so many special moments that took place tonight at the premiere of Bridegroom. I will forever be grateful to all of you for your love and support of me, my story, and this film.'
He added: ‘I am also incredibly thankful to President Bill Clinton for introducing Bridegroom tonight at the Tribeca Film Festival, and for using his voice to fight for marriage equality.'
1/2Thanks to our dedicated fans for making the #MK8 limited edition bundle the fastest selling item at #NintendoWorld! — Nintendo World Store (@Nintendo_World) May 9, 2014 2/2We sold through our pre-orders but will have more for walk-ins while supplies last starting 5/29 at our launch event! — Nintendo World Store (@Nintendo_World) May 9, 2014
The hype is real. Nintendo is getting it done and they're reveling in the marketing machine, just the way they should. Nintendo Enthusiast is reporting that's limited edition bundle has sold out at GAME's online store in the U.K., as well as Nintendo's online store , as indicated by the main image above.Utilizing the Wii U's secret sauce prepares gamers for excellence, housing 32 amazing tracks, half of which are completely remade fan-favorites from the history of the franchise, designed to take advantage of the brand new racing mechanics and online multiplayer. That's right, for the first time in the history of theseries, you'll be able to play Toad's Turnpike online, with friends (or foes) with full customizable vehicle support and the brand new anti-gravity feature.Did I happen to mention that the game looks absolutely gorgeous? Well it does.The game's graphics have been lauded so much that even members of the Doritocracy have mentioned thatis one of the best looking games of the eighth generation of gaming, calling it stunning and fierce . Makes all those arguments about the system being underpowered to look a little flimsy, no?But all of that is to say that the features, the content, the pricing, the graphics, the nostalgia and the awesomeness have come together into a pot of excellence that has propelled the sales ofabove and beyond our expectations. The game has already become the Wii U's best selling item on Amazon and is continuing to make the PS4 weak in the knees. Also, as pointed out by Nintendo's World Store Twitter account, the game's bundle packs are selling out everywhere.Take note that they mention “sold through” and not “sold in”. That means that customers are buying these things up left and right, and they're not just being sold into inventory at e-tailers and retailers alike.Go Nintendo, go.At this rate the Xbox One will be left in the sales dust like American privacy rights under the NSA's spybox regime. Nevertheless, excellence awaits at the end of this month asdrops exclusively for the Wii U.
COLUMBUS – The Columbus Blue Jackets will be missing defenseman Fedor Tyutin for Game 3 of their Eastern Conference First Round series Monday against the Pittsburgh Penguins at Nationwide Arena (7 p.m. ET; NBCSN, CBC, RDS, FS-O, ROOT).
Gibbons and Tyutin were injured Saturday during the Blue Jackets' 4-3 double overtime win that evened the series at 1-1.
Columbus, coming off the first postseason win in franchise history, will have winged Nick Foligno in the lineup after he sat the past seven games with a lower-body injury. Foligno had 18 goals in the regular season.
"He's going to come in and provide a little spark for us," Blue Jackets coach Todd Richards said. "There are some different elements that Nick brings. Nick can play different ways based on the skill set. He's big. He can skate. He's got a physical edge to him."
Richards also said that Tyutin, out with an undisclosed injury, will be replaced by Dalton Prout, who was in and out of the lineup this season for his erratic play.
"He's proven to me, you saw it last year in big moments when he needed him, that he was a top four defensemen," Richards said. "He's a guy that has to come out and play a simple straight forward game. The one thing he does bring is size and strength and edge on the back end."
Penguins coach Dan Bylsma will choose between forwards Jayson Megna or Taylor Pyatt to fill in for center Brian Gibbons, who was injured in the first period after scoring an even strength goal and another shorthanded in the opening 4:24.
"He has that burst of speed that can change a game," Pittsburgh left wing Chris Kunitz said. "You saw that the last game. He had a couple of goals on a couple of shots in a couple of minutes."
Beau Bennett will likely be moved from the third line to the top one and play to the right of center Sidney Crosby with Kunitz on the other side.
Here are the projected lineups:
PENGUINS
Chris Kunitz - Sidney Crosby - Beau Bennett
Jussi Jokinen - Evgeni Malkin - James Neal
Tanner Glass - Brandon Sutter - Lee Stempniak
Jayson Megna - Joe Vitale - Craig Adams
Brooks Orpik - Paul Martin
Rob Scuderi - Kris Letang
Olli Maatta - Matt Niskanen
Marc-Andre Fleury
Jeff Zatkoff
Scratches: Tomas Vokoun, Derek Engelland, Robert Bortuzzo, Taylor Pyatt, Chris Conner
Injured: Pascal Dupuis (knee), Marcel Goc (foot), Brian Gibbons (undisclosed)
BLUE JACKETS
Boone Jenner - Ryan Johansen - Jack Skille
Matt Calvert - Brandon Dubinsky - Cam Atkinson
Nick Foligno - Artem Anisimov - RJ Umberger
Derek MacKenzie - Mark Letestu - Blake Comeau
Jack Johnson - David Savard
Ryan Murray - James Wisniewski
Nikita Nikitin - Dalton Prout
Sergei Bobrovsky
Curtis McElhinney
Scratched: Jeremy Smith, Nick Schultz, Corey Tropp, Jared Boll, Matt Frattin
Injured: Nathan Horton (abdominal surgery), Fedor Tyutin (undisclosed)
In a short video produced by Vice News and the New York Review of Books, Mark Danner states that the US unintentionally created the Islamic State (IS). He argues that a series of bad political and military-strategical choices – for example the decision to go to war in Iraq in the first place, the dissolution of the Iraqi security forces and the de-Ba'athisation during the US occupation, the humiliation of the Sunnis etc. – planted the seed for the creation of the IS. In fact, since the beginning of the US occupation there were different active offshoots of al-Qaeda in Iraq. IS's brutality is fueled through Sunni insurgence, their hate against the former US occupiers and against the dominant, rivalling Shias.
Yes, the US invasion in Iraq was a stupid move by former US president George W. Bush. Plenty of decisions of the US during the campaign and the occupation in Iraq were terrible wrong. Even worse, the torture and prisoner abuses in Abu Ghraib represent a moral bankruptcy of the US. Nevertheless, Danner tells us only one aspect of the story. After the US occupation, the creation of IS wasn't unavoidable and probably the Shia government under Nouri al-Maliki had even a greater impact on the creation of the Islamic State (see also the articles by Hauke Feickert). The Sunni “Sons of Iraq” were never integrated into the Iraqi Armed Forces, despite according promises and the Sunni dominated Anbar province remained underdeveloped. The powerful positions of Shiite politicians in the Iraqi government, Iraq's political system is even a greater frustration for the Sunni – once more again, election alone makes no democracy.
Another important point, which Danner doesn't take into consideration is the effect of the civil war in Syria in the rising of IS. In Syria again, the Sunnis were one of the main targets of the operations conducted by Assad's forces. According to a yesterday released publication of the Center for Security Studies at the ETH Zurich, the civil war in Syria gave IS a strategic depth in Iraq. Last but not least the poor morale of the Iraqi Armed Forces facilitated the strategic gains of IS in Northern Iraq.
Danner's remarks are interesting, but the problem with such retrospective assessment is that afterwards all seems so clear. There is a suggestion of a direct causality from one to another decision, but that is the result of a personal interpretation. The final outcome today is only one possibility of many. When the US troops pulled out of Iraq, everybody knew the huge challenges the government in Iraq has to master — but at this time nobody could forecast the rise of the IS as a reasonable threat for the whole region.
Some people say that history repeats itself. Should that be true, then ask yourself what kind of seed US and NATO troops planted in Afghanistan. Will the Afghan government master the challenges ahead or will we see there another rise of a powerful terror organization in a few years?
Please write your opinion in the comment section below or on our Facebook page “Sicherheitspolitik“. Who is responsible for the creation of the IS? Who should now clean up the mess? Will history repeats itself in Afghanistan? Will we see another save heaven for terrorists in Afghanistan in a few years? How can we deal with this future threat?
More information
Mark Danner, “Iraq: The New War“, The New York Review of Books, September 25, 2003.
As much as I enjoyed Ridley Scott's Prometheus, I'm overwhelmingly excited that this will probably be the final post regarding the film, ‘cept when Twentieth Century Fox announces the sequel.
We haven't done a box officie report in quite some time, and that's mostly because horror has not been swimming in the green. And while Prometheus is technically sci-fi, it is based in the horror subgenre, and a prequel to Scott's Alien. It more than warranted the several hundred posts here on Bloody.
Enough spinning the wheels; Fox's sci-fi epic, starring Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Sean Harris and Guy Pearce, took the #2 box office spot with an estimated $50 million opening, an incredible weekend for an R-rated film. It should also be noted that it has a better per screen average than Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted, the number 1 movie in America, and played in a thousand fewer theaters. It's “technically” the winner. In addition, upon doing some research, Prometheus has already toppled $141 million worldwide. This is considered a success, and a sequel is expected.
For those of you who saw the movie this weekend, join other Bloody readers by writing your own review to tell us all what YOU thought!
How to Make It
Step 1 In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook the rutabagas until crisp-tender, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the rutabagas to a large baking sheet and let cool. Add the parsley to the boiling water and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly. Squeeze dry and coarsely chop.
Step 2 Melt the butter in a large skillet. Add the shallots, jalapeños and garlic. Season lightly with salt and pepper and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the stock and cook over moderately high heat until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the cream and simmer over low heat until reduced by one-third, about 8 minutes. Stir in the parsley and simmer until thickened, about 4 minutes. Season generously with salt and pepper.
Step 3 Preheat the oven to 400°. Butter a 10-by-15-inch glass baking dish. Arrange half of the rutabaga slices in the dish. Season with salt and pepper. Using a slotted spoon, cover the rutabagas with the parsley and pour half of the cream over the parsley. Top with the remaining rutabagas and pour the remaining cream over them; press gently to even out the slices. Cover with foil and bake for about 1 hour, or until bubbling.
Olson was one of Charlie Sheen's live-in " goddesses " who shared his home with other women during his 2011 meltdown.
Olson estimates she was making $30,000 to $60,000 a month in the adult film industry before she gave up her career and parted ways with Sheen.
Since then, she's been trying to transition into mainstream life, but it hasn't been easy. Olson shared her struggles in a video for the digital interview series, " Real Women, Real Stories ."
She said she has trouble finding work and making friends. No one wants anything to do with her after they find out about her former life. Without giving details, she said people who recognize her in public call her ugly, demeaning names.
"When I go out, I feel as if I'm wearing 'slut' across my forehead," she said in the video interview, which was posted online last week and is making the rounds in feminist circles on social media.
"I have really gotten to the point where there are days to weeks at time where I don't leave the house because I don't feel like facing the world," she said. "People treat me as if I am a pedophile. They don't treat me like an ex-sex worker. They treat me like I would somehow be damaging to children."
Olson, 29, moved recently from Los Angeles to Fort Wayne, Indiana. In an email interview with CNN she said she left the porn industry in 2011 and tried to launch several businesses that failed. She now works reluctantly as a cam model, a term for men and women who perform sex acts on live webcams for Internet customers. She has a girlfriend, and Bree Olson is not her real name.
Olson said she agreed to do the video interview -- recorded last year at her home in L.A. -- to offer an honest take on the porn industry and its effects on female stars of adult films.
The curator of "Real Women, Real Stories," Matan Uziel, told CNN he launched the series to empower women by highlighting their struggles, challenging stereotypes and raising money for causes that support girls' and women's education.
"Today, unfortunately women are seriously under-represented across nearly all sectors of society around the globe. I believe that with that proper exposure, we can minimize the destruction and even reverse some negative trends against women," he told CNN in an email. "In our next episodes, we want to keep spotlighting provocative stories about women that you don't get to access through magazines and reality television."
When Olson is asked in the video how she would like to be treated, the question appears to catch her off guard. She brings her hands to her mouth, falling silent as tears fill her eyes.
"I wish people would treat me like they would treat a married registered nurse with 2.5 kids in Indiana. That's how I wish people would treat me," she said, wiping away tears.
"I would be so happy," she continues. "I never even thought of that before. But it will never happen. That's probably why I don't think about it."
Olson told CNN the backlash she's faced over her work in porn has killed her dreams of having children.
"I'll never put a child through this," she said. "Even with the best private education and great parenting, the parents will talk and the children will hear and my child would be ostracized."
She also fears that her past will derail her goal of having a traditional career.
"I'd love to go back to college and work for some amazing company, be it health care, children, some other type of firm, and I'd work my way right to the top -- but I am hit with harsh realities constantly," she told CNN.
"People say, change your hair color, move to another state. Ha! People know me by voice alone. I can't run. I can't hide. I have to face this. Anonymity is something I'll never know. Even with all the surgeries, relocating, years of school, all it takes is one person to blow everything," she said.
"The only way to have power at this point is to own it. Yeah, I did porn, and thanks to this society that's all I can say I've done."
In the video, Olson says there's nothing inherently wrong with porn or with women embracing their sexuality. Even so, she cautions young women against entering the adult film industry because of how society will treat them.
"I send a very strong message to young girls: Don't do porn," she said. "You're just going to have a life of crap in front of you in dealing with people, companies," she said, describing how employers can turn you down based on past experience or "morality clauses."
"These are things that teenage girls don't think (about)," she said. "There's nothing wrong with porn, but how people treat you for the rest of your life, it's not worth it."
Police say the fatal shots that 27-year-old Alan Miller fired on Thursday afternoon were justifiable.
Miller shot a man twice in the chest as he attempted to rob Miller Auto Sales, located at 4314 Rossville Blvd. Police say the shots Miller fired were in self-defense, and charges will not be filed against him.
"If you, yourself or another's life is in danger, you have the right to protect yourself," said Chattanooga police Sgt. Scott Bales.
Witnesses, forensic evidence and the shooter's statement all work together to determine if a case such as this is classified as justifiable, Bales added.
Miller was working at the dealership on Thursday afternoon when the would-be robber, who still has not been identified by police, entered wearing a mask and brandishing a gun. Two other people were inside the building at the time.
This was not the first attempted robbery at the dealership, according to Bales, who is supervisor of the robbery division of the Chattanooga Police Department.
Contact Kendi Anderson at kendi.anderson@timesfreepress.com or at 423-757-6592.
Previous report:
The Pentagon predicts that as many as 1,000 defense contractors may join a voluntary effort to share classified information on cyberthreats under an expansion of a first-ever initiative to protect computer networks.
After a pilot program that involved 36 contractors and three of the biggest U.S. Internet providers, the Obama administration approved a rule letting the Pentagon enlist all contractors and Internet providers with security clearances in the information exchange, according to Eric Rosenbach, deputy assistant secretary of defense for cyberpolicy.
“This is an important milestone in voluntary information-sharing between government and industry,” Rosenbach said in a recent interview. Richard Hale, the Pentagon's deputy chief information officer for cybersecurity, said 1,000 companies may participate.
If the Pentagon's effort succeeds in safeguarding defense contractors from cyberattacks, the administration may enlarge the program to companies in 15 other critical infrastructure categories through the Department of Homeland Security, Rosenbach said.
Cyberthreats facing the U.S. defense industry and its “unclassified information systems represent an unacceptable risk of compromise of DoD information and pose an imminent threat to U.S. national security and economic security interests,” according to the federal rule authorizing the expanded Defense Department program.
Information needs to be shared because hackers, especially in China, are accelerating efforts to penetrate computer networks such as those of defense contractors, Rear Adm. Samuel Cox, director of intelligence for U.S. Cyber Command, told reporters at a conference last month.
“Chinese capabilities in computer network operations have advanced sufficiently to pose genuine risk to U.S. military operations in the event of a conflict,” according to a March report by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission, a group created by Congress to monitor China.
Using a secure portal called DIBnet, the Pentagon will provide both classified and unclassified information on cybersecurity threats, and defenses against them, to companies that have security clearances and agree to participate, according to Rosenbach and Hale.
“You are using special intelligence information derived [from] somewhere else in the world to put into” cybersecurity, Rosenbach said in the interview. “So it is more active than simply waiting for an attack to come.”
Internet providers such as Verizon Communications and defense contractors, including Lockheed Martin, have said that they participated in the pilot program and intended to continue in an expanded effort.
“We might share with the companies what kind of cyberattack trends we are seeing inside DoD — if a particular kind of phishing attack, for instance, has become more prevalent,” Hale said.
Rosenbach said participants also may elect to join an “enhanced effort” under which the Defense Department will provide fixes for each type of threat to Internet providers and other eligible companies, which in turn will screen the network traffic flowing to the contractors. That initiative has been undergoing testing for a year.
While the Pentagon initiative is based on voluntary information-sharing, President Obama has threatened to veto legislation that also would encourage government and companies to share data voluntarily while giving business legal immunity for such exchanges. The measure passed the Republican-controlled House on April 26.
Instead, Obama has backed legislation in the Democratic-controlled Senate that would give the Department of Homeland Security authority to regulate the cybersecurity of vital systems such as power grids and transportation networks.
Mount Pinatubo, erupting. Image: CVO Photo Archives, Wikimedia Commons
For years, Dr. Ken Caldeira's interest in planet hacking made him a curious outlier in his field. A highly respected atmospheric scientist, he also describes himself as a "reluctant advocate" of researching solar geoengineering—that is, large-scale efforts to artificially manage the amount of sunlight entering the atmosphere, in order to cool off the globe.
Caldeira says he's "less of a catastrophist than most," but he's worried that humans won't stop burning fossil fuels, and that the subsequent global warming will ultimately melt the ice caps and render vast swaths of the tropics unsuitable for growing crops. In the face of a climate emergency, he says, we may be able to temporarily limit the damage by, essentially, simulating a safer version of a massive volcanic eruption.
"By the end of the century, through most of the tropics, every summer temperature will be hotter than the hottest temperature yet on record, in most places," Caldeira told me.
The scientist, who toils for the Carnegie Institution Department of Global Ecology at Stanford University, was sporting jeans, a blazer, and a crop of unruly graying hair, and had traveled to the first major geoengineering conference in Berlin, to participate as a featured speaker.
"So the idea that huge swaths of the tropics might not be suitable for growing crops," he went on, "is plausible. And if you're unable to grow crops in huge swaths of the tropics, is that going to create political turmoil and migration? It could be a major disruption."
That, he says, is the likeliest reason we would see geoengineering attempted, and why we have to be prepared if politicians and increasingly desperate nations look for a quick climate fix. In a pair of interviews at the controversy-filled meeting, Caldeira offered his views on how and why we might come to live on a geoengineered planet, how the field is rapidly growing (and why that's dangerous), and what the odds are that humans will try to hijack the Earth's thermostat.
Our bias was to try to show that it wouldn't work, but every simulation we did showed it would work
Over the last decade, Caldeira and his colleagues have harnessed intricate models to examine the effect that blocking a small percentage of the sunlight that enters the Earth's atmosphere would have on the global climate.
Typically, a feat of geoengineering that could achieve an outcome like that involves injecting a bunch of tiny particles into the stratosphere; emulating, essentially, the global cooling effect of a major volcanic eruption like the one that blanketed the Philippines in lava and ash in 1991.
The eruption of Mt. Pinatubo blasted out 20 million tons of sulfur dioxide, leaving a slew of tiny particles hovering in the sky. All those aerosols lingered in the atmosphere, where they bounced more sunlight back into space than usual, spurring global temperatures to fall by nearly an entire degree Fahrenheit in subsequent years.
That event, the biggest of its kind in recent history, and thus best-suited for careful scientific study, eventually came to provide the template for solar geoengineering. Now, scientists consider spreading sulfate aerosols into the stratosphere (without any of mercury or other toxic stuff that volcanoes also tend to belch out), either with a fleet of planes, giant balloons, or even artillery to be perhaps the most plausible geoenginering proposal. Since the particulates only stay airborne temporarily, this would have to be done regularly, perhaps even annually.
Caldeira published his first paper on climate hacking back in 2000. Originally, he says, he carried out the modeling experiments to prove that the concept was a nonstarter.
"Our philosophical bias was to try to show that it wouldn't work, but every simulation we did showed it would work," the affable and talkative Caldeira, frequenting an easy but weary smile, told me at the conference last week. "So I kind of became a reluctant advocate of at least doing the research."
"I'm one of the few people to become expert on the things I don't really like."
The initial experiments showed that a small amount of aerosols could indeed cool the planet enough to offset warming, while inflicting few obvious woes on the environment.
"We did a series of other papers," Caldeira says, "because people said, 'Oh, turning down the sun will hurt the plants and the land biosphere.' So we did another simulation and it turned out the land biosphere grew better, because, as seen after Mt. Pinatubo, the diffuse radiation brought more light down to lower leaves for the plant canopies, so you're getting the C02 fertilization without the heat stress. So the plants grew better."
With each new finding, it seemed, solar geoengineering appeared more feasible, and a less dangerous way to at least limit the rising temperatures caused by the growing concentration of carbon dioxide in the air.
"For the current generation of climate models, and the way people measure climate damage... at modest levels of solar geoengineering, everyone is better off than without it."
To reiterate: Caldeira's models show that if climate change continues, everyone, from the poor nations in the tropics, to the rich ones in the Northern Hemisphere, would reap benefits—more productive crops, less sweltering temperatures—from a simulated volcanic eruption.
He'll be the first to point out that there are plenty of attendant social and political problems with the idea, and grave dangers of coming to rely on the technology. For instance, if we were to pull the plug after starting a geoengineering program, it could catapult the planet into even worse levels of warming. It does nothing to address global warming's ugly twin brother, ocean acidification. And by presenting the world's public with an apparent techno-fix, it could deflate the movement to reduce carbon emissions.
"For me, my main concern is that we would start doing solar geoengineering while we're still building things with smokestacks and tailpipes," he tells me. "And in that framing, I think the solar geoengineering is just facilitating continued greenhouse gas emissions."
But the technology itself isn't the hurdle.
I think that there's at least a 10-20-30 percent chance that we're eventually going to do it
"We know volcanoes cool the planet, we know it basically works," Caldeira says. "The studies show that not that much stuff can produce a dramatic cooling, that it just seems to be the most obvious thing with enough leverage."
"And also the masses of material involved are thought to be reasonable," he adds.
By that, he means it wouldn't be too daunting a logistical task; and, it'd be relatively cheap. He points me to a study published in Environmental Research Letters by researchers from Aurora Flight Strategies, that suggested that this kind of geoengineering could be accomplished for $5 billion a year, if a fleet of planes is used as the delivery mechanism. (Dr. Ryo Moriyama, of Japan's Institute of Applied Energy, told me that a study he conducted found the cost was likely double that.)
"The cost of transforming energy systems is in the trillions of dollars of year," Caldeira says.
"My impression has been that if there was a demand to start putting something up in the next couple of years, that it wouldn't be too much to build a fleet of airplanes and just start doing it," he goes on. "It might be that this idea of doing it with balloons or artillery shells or whatever could end up being cheaper, but I think that just even doing it with airplanes is not so expensive that if there was ever a perceived emergency, I think people would just start doing it with airplanes, and then if you can work out something that's cheaper later, maybe do it."
So what might that perceive emergency look like? How does Caldeira imagine we might be forced to live in a world where the climate itself is consciously being artificially regulated?
"For me, the most likely scenario for deployment is if it just gets too hot to reliably grow crops in the tropics, and tropical countries say, we're going to take matters into our own hands and make our climate so we can grow crops; and say look, you in the north, you wrecked up our climate, and we have a right to try to counteract what you've done."
Scenarios like this are enough to push most climatologists and scientists away from the idea. Many view it as a sort of Pandora's box—the further researchers open it, the more likely it is that a bona fide scheme to meddle with the global thermostat will lurch out.
Partly for this reason, Caldeira has been a controversial figure; he's been profiled in a New Yorker in a piece called 'The Climate Fixers', he was a subject in Jeff Goodell's general audience geoengineering book, How to Cool the Planet, and, perhaps most famously, a source in the sequel to Freakonomics. There, controversy ensued after he was allegedly quoted out of context to help build the case that scientists were worrying about CO2 emissions too much—and that geoengineering was the smart, economical fix for the planet's problems. This despite the fact Caldeira's peers have described geoengineering, scientifically, as "a bad idea."
Still, Caldeira says attitudes are shifting among his fellow climate scientists.
"Our first geoengineering paper was in 2000, and people at that point wanted to distance themselves or not even talk about it," he said. "Then, maybe the late 2000s, people were more vocal about it, but more like saying, 'Oh, bad, bad, bad, we don't want to even think about that.' Now, in the last three or four years it's almost become a trendy research area, at least among some subcomponents of the climate crowd."
In fact, Caldeira fully expects to see a small boom in geoengineering.
"I think it's one of the few areas of climate science that's perceived as a growth area. You know that certain people are coming into it graduate students thinking of it as a career direction," he tells me. "To me, I think it's a little bit dangerous, in that if people are working on a bunch of things, and they spend 10 to 20 percent of their time on geoengineering, they don't have that much of a stake in certain outcomes. But as soon as there are people whose main job is to work on geoengineering, they have an incentive to keep it going... as soon as you start creating institutions to research stuff, what's the main finding? Needs more study, give us more money."
Caldeira seems genuinely and deeply conflicted about the prospect that humans might, someday soon, attempt to tinker with the planet's climate system. When he goes on stage to deliver his talk, he seems anxious, a little overwhelmed. He oscillates between thoughts, jumping from what seem like prepared remarks to notions that just occurred to him then and there, on the fly. He says we should think of geoengineering more like building a dike; there are pros and cons, environmental hazards and benefits. But ultimately, it might buy dwellers on vulnerable ground some crucial time to get their house in order.
Later, when we're talking at length, I ask him how likely it is he thinks humanity might embrace this climatic nuclear option.
"I know people who think it's inevitable that society will eventually deploy one of these schemes just because the potential to offset a lot of climate change impacts very cheaply is there. If people really get hit by heat wave after heat wave and there are droughts and crop failures and people are feeling like 'Oh, the climate models are saying that this would alleviate the problem and it would be cheap,' pressure could build to deploy it. I think that there's at least a 10-20-30 percent chance that we're eventually going to do it."
He shakes his head, and forms a melancholy smile.
"I go back and forth. Most days I think we're never going to do it. Most days, I think we're just going to muddle on and we're not going to reduce emissions and we're not going to geoengineer and the Earth's just going to get hot and the ice caps are going to melt and we're just going to muddle through. That's my view most days."
Obituary: Frank Thornton
Frank Thornton as Captain Peacock and Arthur Brough as Mr Grainger in Are You Being Served? in 1973
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Frank Thornton, who has died at the age of 92, was a character actor who spent more than 20 years in bit parts until achieving national fame as the pompous Captain Peacock in the BBC sitcom Are You Being Served?
Born Frank Thornton Ball on 15 January 1921 in south London, he wanted to act from his early childhood after watching the comedy stars of the silent film at a local cinema.
His father insisted he find a more stable career so he went into insurance, but soon began attending evening drama classes at the London School of Dramatic Art.
After two years he was offered a place as a day student and persuaded his father to finance his studies.
At the outbreak of World War II he, together with his fellow students, was evacuated to Oxfordshire where he found his first job in a touring production.
He returned to London in 1941 where he worked for the actor and impresario Sir Donald Wolfit who had re-opened the Strand Theatre to put on lunchtime productions of Shakespeare.
He was conscripted into the air force as a navigator in 1943 and, after the end of the war, remained in the RAF entertainment unit where, among his charges, were Dick Emery, Peter Sellers and Tony Hancock.
He appeared in the Edgar Lustgarten-hosted series The Silent Witness in 1954 and, a year later, was credited in the part of Inspector Finch in the British film Radio Cab Murder.
Are you free?
The next 15 years saw him appearing in a wide range of small character parts in films and TV series including The Avengers and Danger Man.
He also appeared in various comedy programmes such as the Benny Hill Show and It's a Square World, where his patrician appearance suited his normal role as a straight man.
In 1972 he took the role of the officious Captain Stephen Peacock in the comedy series, Are You Being Served?
As the well-dressed and superior-looking floor manager he had the job of keeping the staff of the Grace Brothers department store on their toes.
The series, relying on seaside postcard-style innuendo, was an enormous hit with the audience peaking at more than 22 million in 1979.
Thornton's experience as a comedy straight man made him ideally suited as the foil for characters such as Mrs Slocombe (Mollie Sugden) who sported a different hair colour every week and harped on about her "pussy", and the camp Mr Humphries (John Inman), famous for his catchphrase: "I'm free!"
Thornton returned to a series of bit parts for the next seven years before reprising his role as Captain Peacock in the 1990s series Grace & Favour.
Relying on the same saucy humour and the same catchphrases, it saw five of the original cast running a hotel but the format was looking tired and the series only lasted for 12 episodes.
In 1997 Thornton joined the cast of the long running comedy series Last of the Summer Wine, as the character Herbert "Truly" Truelove.
A passionate conservationist he supported a number of organisations including the World Land Trust and RSPB.
Thornton was rarely out of work in a career that spanned more than 50 years, one of that fine school of British character actors which has graced TV and cinema.
He is survived by Beryl, his wife of 67 years, daughter Jane and their three grandchildren.
Cumba: Havering's first black resident remembered on the 350th anniversary of her arrival
A modern Mandinka. Picture: GoWestCoast.org Archant
It was 350 years ago this year that a fabulously rich couple, John and Margaret Burch, arrived in Romford.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Gold Coast Negro throwing a curse in the path of his enemy. Picture: French School Gold Coast Negro throwing a curse in the path of his enemy. Picture: French School
They'd made their money in Barbados, exploiting slave labour to produce the bonanza crop: sugar.
In 1664, they retired to England, buying Romford's biggest estate, Gidea Hall, then usually called Giddy Hall.
The mansion, demolished in 1930, stood just east of Raphael Park.
Madam Burch, as she was fawningly called, brought her personal maidservant from Barbados, the ultimate status symbol.
Gidea Hall - known as Giddy Hall -in 1639 Gidea Hall - known as Giddy Hall -in 1639
Cumba was Havering's first black resident.
A slave, a piece of property, Cumba survived the English climate just four years.
But when she died, in April 1668, somebody had the humanity to record her name in the register of Romford's St Edward's church. “Cumber, a ffemale Blackamore servant from Guyddy Hall, buried.”
Today, “blackamore” is an offensive term. But in 1668, when “black” was used to ­describe complexion, it was an attempt to identify Cumba with some dignity. The double “ff” ­indicated a capital letter.
Prof Ged Martin Prof Ged Martin
In death, Cumba was briefly accorded the ­respect denied to her alive.
Her name offers a valuable clue. It tells us that she came from the Mandinka people, from Guinea and Gambia in west Africa.
Economy
Barbados became a large-scale slave economy after 1640, when settlers found they could make big bucks from sugar.
Don't kid yourself that a Barbados sugar plantation was Downton Abbey with sunshine. Slave life was cruel and violent. Burch's plantation, Hogsty, hardly sounds ­romantic.
Planters exploited tribal divisions among the slaves. The largest group of black people came from modern Ghana.
Calling themselves “Gold Coast Negroes”, in 1675 they tried to seize control of the island.
Many planters lived in the capital, Bridgetown, where they employed ­favoured slaves as household servants. Margaret Burch probably chose Cumba because the Mandinka homeland was 1,000 miles from Ghana.
Lacking close links to the feared Gold Coast Blacks. Cumba was a safe person to have around you.
We don't know whether Cumba had been captured in Africa and had endured the horrors of a slave ship across the Atlantic. If she was around 20 when she came to Romford, she might have been born in Barbados.
In Mandinka custom, children are named when they are eight days old, usually in honour of a relative.
Even if she was Barbadian by birth, Cumba would have known something of her African heritage through the grandmother or aunt whose name she bore. Like thousands of other slaves, Cumba probably spoke English.
John Burch died soon after Cumba in 1668. In his arrogant and racist will, he left his wife “all my Servants, Negroes, Slaves, Cattle, &c” in Barbados, along with his Havering properties which included “the Inne called the Unicorne” – still a feature of Gidea Park, although in a later building.
History has its own priorities. 350 years later, we don't care about the loads-a-money Burches.
But let us honour the memory of Cumba, the enslaved Mandinka woman who became Havering's first black resident.
Stan Lee has been embroiled in a number of legal cases in recent years
Spider-Man creator Stan Lee is facing legal action from shareholders of a company over film and book profits they claim amount to $750m (£528m).
Marvel, the force behind The Incredible Hulk and The X-Men, is also accused of violating copyright, which the company says was transferred to it in 1998.
Marvel has said the legal papers, which were filed in New York, are filled with "ridiculous claims".
In 2005, Lee won a case with Marvel over profits earned on his creations.
The company whose shareholders are taking legal action against Lee is Stan Lee Media Inc, which he founded in the 1990s, but went bankrupt in 2001.
Blockbusting movies
The organisation re-emerged in 2006, and a year later Lee, now 86, sued it on a number of grounds, including cybersquatting and copyright infringement.
The firm went on to take action against Marvel in a claim over ownership rights to a string of comic book superheroes, which it said Lee had signed away.
The company's laywer, Martin Garbus, said he suspects that Lee entered into an agreement that prevented them from gaining profits from films and merchandise.
"That money should have gone to the corporation," he said.
Lee's legal representative, Mark Williams, said: "We look forward to a positive resolution for Stan Lee and his family."
In recent years, Marvel characters have spawned a number of blockbusting movies, including The X-Men series.
Spider-Man's three cinematic outings, starring Tobey Maguire, made in excess of $1bn (£702m).
A former juvenile probation officer-turned-Christian motivational speaker, has attracted criticism with a sermon in which he says "Dateable girls know how to shut up".
Since 1989, Justin Lookadoo , a bestselling author for his book Dateable, has given approximately 4,000 programmes in the US and beyond advising both boys and girls on how to be datable
In the programmes, his promotional material claims "He shares all the juicy secrets (all the guys' secrets and all the girls' secrets) to help students understand what being Dateable really means."
"Be mysterious. Dateable girls know how to shut up. They don't monopolise the conversation. They don't tell everyone everything about themselves. They save some for later. They listen more than they gab."
He also adds that "Being a guy is good. Dateable guys know they aren't as sensitive as girls and that's OK. They know they are stronger, more dangerous, and more adventurous and that's OK. Dateable guys are real men who aren't afraid to be uys."
On Wednesday, in a devout Christian community, at Richardson High School in Texas, Mr Lookadoo was hired to deliver an inspirational speech to students. During the faith – based motivational talk he reportedly explained to boys that "Somewhere between the modern church and the feminist movement, guys turned into pansies. Stand up and be a man! Do something with your life."
Despite Mr Lookadoo describing his "speaking ability" as a "gift," he attracted much criticism. Some students left the assembly early and surrounded him after to confront him. Others protested via Twitter using the hashtag #lookadouche. Twitter comments included:
In response Mr Lookadoo, shocked by the reaction, maintains that his speech at RHS was watered down from his typical "Dateable guides" fare. He added "I've done about 4,000 programmes. That's never happened," he said.
Some defended the religious speaker. Amongst them was Ms Gordon, a school spokesman, who said: "Mr Lookadoo is a Christian, I've seen him speak multiple times and I believe that, while you should have been notified of the content of his speech that he truly has a good understanding of his topics and he speaks truth in a way that teens will listen to. His statements are gender based but they are often biblically [sic] based as well."
Following on from the ordeal, Richard Independent School District released a statement said: "RHS and RISD approve of the broad messages shared with students related to self-empowerment and dating violence, but do not support some of the terminology used by the speaker to generalise student behaviours."
Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will appear on the Democratic primary ballot in D.C. after lawmakers approved emergency legislation on Tuesday. News4's Mark Segraves reports on what happened and who questioned the move. (Published Tuesday, April 5, 2016)
Sanders to Appear on DC Ballot After Clerical Error
Bernie Sanders will appear on the Democratic primary ballot in D.C. after lawmakers approved legislation Tuesday clarifying that the presidential candidate met the filing deadline.
Sanders was in jeopardy of not appearing on the ballot because of a clerical error, but the D.C. Council passed emergency legislation exempting Democratic candidates from the deadline for the June 2016 primary.
"This is about voter access to all the presidential candidates," Council Chairman Phil Mendelson said about the unanimous vote.
Sanders' campaign paid a fee to the city's Democratic Party to get on the ballot, but the party didn't submit paperwork to the D.C. Board of Elections until the following day, one day after the filing deadline, as News4's Tom Sherwood was first to report.
A local Democratic activist filed a challenge arguing that Sanders had missed the filing deadline. No voters appealed the other Democratic candidates' ballot eligibility before the deadline to do so.
D.C. Democratic Party chairwoman Anita Bonds said the party accepts filing fees after the elections board is closed for the day and historically has handed in paperwork the next day.
Before the vote Tuesday, several Council members expressed concerns about passing a law to allow one candidate ballot access. Council member Vincent Orange criticized Sanders for paying a $2,500 fee to appear on the ballot in lieu of collecting signatures. Hillary Clinton did both.
D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser, who endorsed Clinton, said she would approve the Council legislation.
The District's primary is set for June 14.
Stay with News4 for more details on this developing story.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC4 Washington
Image caption The first Carmageddon games was released, amid much outrage, in 1997
Carmageddon, a notorious video game from the late nineties, is attempting to raise crowd-sourced funding to make a return.
The original, which sold over 2 million copies, was heavily criticised for featuring excessive violence
Stainless Games aims to raise over $400,000 (£250,000) via Kickstarter.
The UK-based firm has had to set up a separate company in the US in order to receive money through the crowdfunding site.
Censorship
Bonus points are awarded in the game for driving over pedestrians.
This action was amended in the game's initial 1997 UK release following the threat of a sales ban, causing the developer to replace the victims with green-blooded zombies.
However, it was later re-released in full, as was a sequel the following year.
In subsequent years, other 3D "violent" games such as the genre-defining Grand Theft Auto sequels followed.
Despite the Carmageddon's controversy, it was well-received by the gaming community for its innovative gameplay and "action replay" feature.
'Pedestrians running'
Image caption The original game, which allowed action replays of collisions with pedestrians, provoked criticism
Five of the original eight developers are still with Stainless Games and work has already begun on the new title, which is set to be called Carmageddon: Reincarnation.
"We've been able to very quickly get a prototype up and running," Neil Barnden, co-founder of Stainless Games, told the BBC.
"With pedestrians running around, we're all just spending a lot of our day laughing like drains at things that happen in the game."
Several games have been funded via Kickstarter projects, most notably Double Fine Adventure - which raised $3.3m (£2.1m).
Restrictions on the sites, mostly relating to taxation issues, mean that only US-based companies are able to raise funds through the system.
This led Stainless Games - which is based on the Isle of Wight - to come up with a workaround.
"We have a lawyer in the States as we do a lot of our business there," Mr Barnden explained.
"We had them set up a US company which then acts as the holding company for the funds that come into Kickstarter."
Intellectual property
Like many, Mr Barnden has called for Kickstarter to expand its operations to the UK and other markets.
"You'd imagine it would be in their interests to widen the base of who can actually set up a campaign."
Kickstarter was unavailable for comment.
Image caption People who pledge more than $1000 for the project get the chance to be featured in the game
Other sites, such as indiegogo.com and London-based PleaseFund.us, offer similar features but have thus far been unable gain the popularity of Kickstarter.
Stainless Games had to purchase the intellectual property rights from publisher Square Enix before it could go ahead with the game, despite being the game's original designer.
"Back when we made Carmageddon it was just the case that when you signed with a publisher, they automatically gained all the rights for the title.
"The original publisher of the game [SCi] owned the rights. They went away to make a third game when we asked for a break in Carmageddon for a while."
That last game proved unpopular with the series' fans.
"The new game is going to be like Carmageddon 1 and 2," said Mr Barnden.
"But not 3, we're happy to confirm that!"
Howard Zinn was an American historian, academic, author, playwright and social activist. He met Eddie Vedder for the first time when, as Zinn said
“I was sitting at home one day and the phone rang and a polite young man said ‘Mr. Zinn, my name is Eddie Vedder and I like to do an article with you for Interview Magazine, and I said OK, who are you?”
This led to a friendship with Vedder and Pearl Jam. Here's a photo of them together…
Zinn passed away on January 27, 2010 and Vedder paid tribute to him by sticking ZINN on one of his Fender Telecaster guitars.
The Pearl Jam song “Down” was inspired by the band's friendship with Zinn.
Vedder released this statement on pearljam.com on January 27, 2010.
One phrase that Howard Zinn made irrelevant is that “only the good die young.,,” Howard Zinn passed away today at age 87, and he was great.
Though he had a full life, one that the rest of us can only aspire to, the news is still heartbreaking. For we have lost a truly bright light, and a wisdom seemingly unparalleled.
Fortunately he has left us with a body of work so extraordinary that it will be drawn upon for centuries to come…
He was a true and constant source of inspiration for myself and countless others.. For me, he was the true embodiment of hope… And a living reminder to keep that hope alive.
I'm so grateful for his friendship..
I will miss him for the rest of my days.
Ed
By TMZ Sports
More trouble for former four division world champion Adrien Broner -- who was cited for misdemeanor battery at a Vegas nightclub for allegedly choking a waitress ... though the boxer adamantly denies any wrongdoing.
TMZ Sports has learned ... cops were called to Drai's nightclub around 3:30 AM on Sunday when a female server complained that Broner put his hands around her neck and said, "Bitch, I will knock you out."
When cops arrived they spoke with the accuser and a witness who corroborated her story. Plus, we're told the incident was captured on video.
Cops spoke with Broner -- who staunchly proclaimed his innocence -- but ultimately decided there was enough evidence to cite him for misdemeanor battery.
Broner was NOT arrested -- he was simply handed a citation with a notice to appear in court at a later date.
As for the accuser, we're told she did not require medical attention.
This is just the latest in a strong of disturbing incidents involving the boxer ... who was arrested for allegedly beating up a guy at a bowling alley earlier this year. Those charges were later dropped.
Broner also posted a bizarre string of messages on social media last week suggesting he was planning on killing himself. Fortunately, he didn't go through with it and Floyd Mayweather invited him to live with him to help him sort through his issues.
Giovanni Battista Belzoni ( Italian pronunciation: [dʒoˈvanni batˈtista belˈtsoːni]; 5 November 1778 – 3 December 1823), sometimes known as The Great Belzoni, was a prolific Italian explorer and pioneer archaeologist of Egyptian antiquities. He is known for his removal to England of the seven ton bust of Ramesses II, the clearing of sand from the entrance of the great temple at Abu Simbel, the discovery and documentation of the tomb of Seti I (still sometimes known as "Belzoni's Tomb"), and the first to penetrate into the second pyramid of Giza.
Early life [ edit ]
Belzoni was born in Padua. His father was a barber who sired fourteen children. His family was from Rome and when Belzoni was 16 he went to work there, saying that he studied hydraulics. He intended taking monastic vows, but in 1798 the occupation of the city by French troops drove him from Rome and changed his proposed career. In 1800 he moved to the Netherlands where he earned a living as a barber.
In 1803 he fled to England to avoid being sent to jail.[2] There he married an Englishwoman, Sarah Bane. Belzoni was a tall man at 6 feet 7 inches (2.01 m) tall (one source says that his wife was of equally generous build, but all other accounts of her describe her as being of normal build) and they both joined a travelling circus.[3] They were for some time compelled to find subsistence by performing exhibitions of feats of strength and agility as a strongman at fairs and on the streets of London. In 1804 he appears engaged at the circus at Astley's amphitheatre at a variety of performances.[4] Belzoni had an interest in phantasmagoria and experimented with the use of magic lanterns in his shows.
Egyptian antiquities [ edit ]
Giovanni Battista Belzoni
In 1812 he left England and after a tour of performances in Spain, Portugal and Sicily, he went to Malta in 1815 where he met Ismael Gibraltar, an emissary of Muhammad Ali, who at the time was undertaking a programme of agrarian land reclamation and important irrigation works.[5] Belzoni wanted to show Muhammad Ali a hydraulic machine of his own invention for raising the waters of the Nile. Though the experiment with this engine was successful, the project was not approved by the pasha. Belzoni, now without a job, was resolved to continue his travels. On the recommendation of the orientalist J. L. Burckhardt he was sent by Henry Salt, the British consul to Egypt, to the Ramesseum at Thebes, from where he removed with great skill the colossal bust of Ramesses II, commonly called "the Young Memnon". Shipped by Belzoni to England, this piece is still on prominent display at the British Museum. This weighed over 7 tons. It took him 17 days and 130 men to tow it to the river. He used levers to lift it onto rollers. Then he had his men distributed equally with 4 ropes drag it on the rollers. On the first day (27 July) he only covered a few yards, the second he covered 50 yards deliberately breaking the bases of 2 columns to clear the way for his burden. After 150 yards, it sank into the sand, and a detour of 300 yards on firmer ground was necessary. From there, it got a little easier, and, on 12 August, he finally made it to the river where he was able to load it on a boat for shipment to the British Museum in London.[6] His excavation and removal of the Young Memnon and other stones during this expedition was explicitly authorized by a firman from Muhammad Ali himself, the Pasha of Egypt.
He also expanded his investigations to the great temple of Edfu, visited Elephantine and Philae, cleared the great temple at Abu Simbel of sand (1817), made excavations at Karnak, and opened up the sepulchre of Seti I (still sometimes known as "Belzoni's Tomb"). He was the first to penetrate into the second pyramid of Giza, and the first European in modern times to visit the oasis of Bahariya. He also identified the ruins of Berenice on the Red Sea.
In 1819 he returned to England and published an account of his travels and discoveries entitled Narrative of the Operations and Recent Discoveries within the Pyramids, Temples, Tombs and Excavations in Egypt and Nubia, &c[8] the following year. During 1820 and 1821 he also exhibited facsimiles of the tomb of Seti I. The exhibition was held at the Egyptian Hall, Piccadilly, London.[9] In 1822 Belzoni showed his model in Paris.
In 1823 he set out for West Africa, intending to travel to Timbuktu. Having been refused permission to pass through Morocco, he chose the Guinea Coast route. He reached the Kingdom of Benin, but was seized with dysentery at a village called Gwato, and died there. According to the celebrated traveller Richard Francis Burton he was murdered and robbed. In 1829 his widow published his drawings of the royal tombs at Thebes.
Commemoration [ edit ]
Medal depicting Giovanni Belzoni, British Museum
A medal depicting a profile of Belzoni created by William Brockedon was cast in 1821 by Sir Edward Thomason. Belzoni's friend Sir Francis Ronalds had introduced artist and subject. Years later, in 1859 in Padua, Ronalds advised sculptor Rinaldo Rinaldi on the large medallion he was creating to commemorate Belzoni in his hometown.[10]
Belzoni was portrayed by Matthew Kelly in the 2005 BBC docudrama Egypt.
Alberto Siliotti has done the unique scholarly edition of his travels and it has been the subject of the Horus expedition in 1988.
Horace Smith, a poet in the circle of Percy Bysshe Shelley, wrote " Address to the Mummy in Belzoni's Exhibition."
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
How to ski Chile this summer with 5 vacation days and $2500
Sponsored by SnowSearch — now LIVE!
SnowSearch Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 14, 2017
Hotel Portillo with the Andes Mountains rising high above
The weather's [finally] heating up and your ski gear is just starting to collect dust. While the final remnants of winter dissipate across the Western US (except for certain Sierra Nevada slopes, namely Mammoth and Squaw Valley, the latter of which is considering staying open the entire year), for diehard skiers and snowboarders across the globe this marks the beginning of a special time of year: summertime in South America.
The ski season in Chile and Argentina typically gets going late June and extends through early September. July and August are considered ‘high season', during which period the conditions are best and prices reflect that tendency. I would recommend narrowing your search to within this window for your best chances at summer pow.
This post focuses on Ski Portillo, but be sure to check out Valle Nevado, El Coloardo, La Parva (Chile) and Las Lenas (Argentina) for other options to escape the mid-summer heat in exchange for something much cooler.
Hotel Portillo
Apres ski bar at the base of the mountain
Portillo is the oldest and most storied resort in South America and has been attracting elite visitors from around the globe since its first lifts were erected in the 1930s. By the 1950's, Norway's legendary Stein Eriksen ran their ski school, and in the 1960's Portillo went on to host the Alpine World Ski Championship. Over the years, the hotel has been frequented by the likes of both Fidel Castro and Kennedy family, who enjoyed an exclusive summer skiing experience alongside olympic athletes (various national teams still train here each August) and powder-chasing civilians alike.
Laguna Del Inca with ‘Los Tres Hermanos' peaks in the background
Popularly known as a ‘cruise ship in the mountains', Ski Portillo sells a famous all-inclusive ‘ski-week', which includes unlimited skiing, 4-meals per day, and access to the array of activities and amenities. And it's a good thing — Portillo is so isolated that beyond the Argentinian border and a Chilean military base, there is no additional infrastructure in either direction for hours. With no TVs in the rooms and a top-down focus on keeping things old-school, Portillo maintains an unrivaled atmosphere of authenticity. I didn't have the pleasure of skiing back in the ‘good old days', but I have a feeling not much has changed at this little yellow hotel nestled deep in the Andes.
Hotel Portillo with Roca Jack in the background
By far the most fascinating thing I witnessed working at the hotel was how families who first visited Portillo years ago continue to not only make the yearly trek, but do so in coordination with their ‘Portillo friends' who they met during past trips and reunite with back in Chile on an annual basis. Couple that with an incredibly loyal staff — with a handful of employees counting 40+ years of service to the operation, and others have married and all but raised their families there — and the result is an authentic vibe that is incredibly rare in the hospitality world today.
The Ski Experience
El Plateau lift above chutes leading into wide open bowls
While there is something for everybody at Portillo — there's a learning area and a few long and wide runs that are groomed on a daily basis — the bulk of the terrain at Portillo can best be described as lift-serviced backcountry. Given the nature of the snowpack and steep pitch of the upper mountain, each time the resort built traditional chair lifts in the early days, they were quickly taken down by avalanches. To combat this, Portillo engaged Poma — a french lift company — to develop a system that could sustain these challenging conditions.
Va A Vient lift operator
The result was 4 5-person Va A Vient lifts — ‘Come and Go', in English — that were fixed to the towering cliffs above and therefore lack lift towers in the path of potential slides.
True to their name, these lifts shuttle skiers up these 35+ degree slopes at a somewhat alarming speed, then release immediately upon reaching their peak — leaving you in a very off-balance state that typically results in an awkward side-fall to prevent a terrifying downward slide.
These lifts serve the entire upper mountain and while the experience is unconventional, it's a small price to pay for seemingly endless access to epic chutes and couloirs within a short traverse or hike.
With all terrain above the tree line, photos typically don't do Portillo's size and scale justice. This one does!
Overall, the ski experience is truly spectacular for advanced to expert skiers. While not necessarily huge from an acreage standpoint by North Amercia standards, given that traffic is limited to the 400 guests that fill Portillo's various accommodations to maximum capacity, it's unlikely you will ever need to wait in line during your stay.
Where else can you ski over an international trade route?
Like everywhere else, snowfall has been hit or miss in recent years — my season was below average while last year (S '16) started off with a 10-foot storm over 48 hours in June. In any case, the high elevation and utter lack of traffic guarantees that fresh powder can be found weeks after the last snow event.
Super C
In the midst of the Super C hike
For those looking to push the boundaries, the most storied line at Portillo is known as ‘Super C'. The climb starts at the top of Roca Jack, from which skiers hike approx. 2 hours vertical through the Roca Jack couloir across a harrowing traverse above a no-fall zone and up through to the saddle of Ojos de Agua mountain.
View from before the traverse — note Hotel Portillo (left), Argentinian border (top), and Military base (bottom right)
From the upper half of the hike, skiers are rewarded with unobstructed views of Aconcagua — the largest mountain in the world outside of the Himalaya — and 12 other peaks over 20,000 feet. I attempted the hike during July with a group of instructors and after serious deliberation, we collectively decided to turn back due to thin cover on the traverse.
The traverse with thin cover — not boot-packing this in snowboard boots anytime soon!
From what I hear, trekking approx. 45 minutes further upward reveals in excess of 5,000 vertical feet of untracked pow at a sustained 45 degrees back down to the hotel. I hope to one day conquer Super C, but I remain confident we made the right decision that day and it shall for now remain at the top of my bucket list.
It's no Super C, but not a terrible consolation prize, either!
In the absence of any sweet photos or footage of a proper Super C descent, check out Powder Mag's feature of Super C from last season (along with a sweet GoPro video of Chris Davenport's) descent:
http://www.powder.com/stories/interviews/magic-of-the-super-c/#zQT3z9W5FTxVwRBc.97
Apres Ski Scene
After a few leg burning hours on the slopes — which is all you need when you're literally lapping terrain as technical as Portillo's — guests head back to the base for Apres Ski. Be sure to try one of the resorts signature cocktails, the Pisco Sour and indulge in some local Chilean wine. For those unfamiliar, Pisco is a brandy distilled from grapes which — depending on who you ask — is originally from either Chile or Peru.
A forewarning for my fellow Americans — as I quickly learned from my co-workers, drinking in Chile is a marathon, not a sprint!
As the Apres scene quiets down, many visitors head to take a dip in one of the hotel's 3 pools and hot tubs and enjoy the unmatched views of Laguna del Inca and the surrounding mountain peaks (named a Best Ski Resort Pool by USA Today)! I must add that the sunsets in Portillo and the starry nights that typically follow are unlike that which I've experienced anywhere else on this earth (see below, noting that camera tech has come along way since 2012)!
One of many ridiculous sunsets as seen from the hotel
Following a drink or two here, at approx. 5pm guests typically congregate in the hotel's vast living room for ‘Once' — a traditional Chilean tea time with fresh made pastries from the hotel's breadmaker, or panaderia. After heading back to their rooms to clean up, they soon return for one of two formal dinner seatings or a bite in the hotel's more casual cafeteria (depending on which is included in their level of accommodation). Both options serve fresh Chilean fare — typically an array of seafood, meat and veggies sourced from the country's far geographical reaches (2nd longest country in the world from north to south)! And of course, more wine.
Nightlife
The real party at Portillo begins after dinner, where rather than retire to their rooms and surrender to Netflix like most would after a long day on the mountain, guests filter back into the living room to share stories from the day and hang out. With the common bond of a love for all things winter — and a bit of social lubricant to boot — it's only natural that this be a fertile environment for real friendships to be formed (this goes back to the ‘Portillo Friends' concept previously mentioned).
At around 10:30pm each night, guests slowly filter into the bar, which features live music with a new band playing international hits every 2–3 nights. Certain evenings — especially when it's snowing, I found — get super rowdy. I saw dancing on chairs and tables on more than one occasion. For those who are up for it, there's a basement night club that heats up when the bar shuts down around 12:30am, and goes until the wee hours of the morning as guests' demand.
*Insider's Tip*
If you're looking for a more authentic Chilean experience, sneak across the road after dark to La Posada. A former trucker's brothel turned employee bar, here you will find $4 bottles of wine, $12 bottles of vodka and an incredible atmosphere where employees, instructors and visitors alike sneak away to blow off steam.
Portillo on Budget — Pricing it out
Hotel Portillo at dusk
Nonstop Flight (NYC to Santiago)
$1100
Priced out as of early June for early August with Friday coming, Saturday going redeye travel. 1-stop flights available for as low as $900. Fun fact: no time difference from EST!
All-Inclusive Ski week (Everything but alcohol)
$1300
Based on 7 days in ski-on-ski-off Inca Lodge during high season. Prices include seven nights lodging (Saturday to Saturday), four meals per day, lift tickets, and access to fitness and entertainment facilities.
Ground Transportation (Airport to Portillo)
$120
Based on return trip from Santiago airport in shared van.
Total: Approx. 2,520
Note that you could choose to spend a TON more for an elevated experience including luxury accommodation in Hotel Portillo, helicopter transfer from Santiago, etc. Also, if time/budget allows I would absolutely recommend a few nights to explore Santiago, Vina del Mar, Valparaiso, and other awesome Chilean destinations. This post is simply meant to show that an sweet summer ski experience is within reach.
How to Book and More Info
For more info and to book your ski week, Portillo has one of the best websites in the industry (see below) with a ton more info on everything covered here. Their social media presence is also top notch and a great source of promos throughout the year.
*****
Thanks for reading. The SnowSearch team is thinking about making a trip down south in early August. Drop us a note via the email below if you want to coordinate!
-Bryan
Co-Founder @ SnowSearch
bryan@snowsearch.io
Sign up for exclusive early access @ www.snowsearch.co
Thu, 15 Jan, 2015 04:02:37 AM
FTimes-STT Report, Jan 15
Tuira Pub where two people were chopped to death on Wednesday. Photo Lehtikuva. A man with an axe on Wednesday evening attacked and hacked two men to death at a pub in Tuira area of Oulu, the police said.
The attacker rushed to the spot at about 6:00pm and chopped two people including an employee of the pub with an axe indiscriminately.
The police on late Wednesday night captured the man suspected of the killings.
The suspect was apparently nabbed at Myllyoja neighbourhood in Oulu, where a huge police operation was under way.
Police cordoned the area and run extensive search on Wednesday evening. Photo Lehtikuva. According to STT-Lehtikuva photographers, there were still many police officers and a number of ambulances at the site late in the night.
The Oulu police told STT that police work was still going on despite the capture of the suspect.
News agency STT had earlier reported that one of the victims of the axe killing was inside the pub while the other one was outside.
According to STT reporters, the area had been widely cordoned off, but there was movement of people still on a street nearby the pub.
The Pub where the murders took place on Wednesday. Photo Lehtikuva. The police confirmed that one of the victims was a male employee of the pub, reported the Finnish language evening tabloid Iltalehti.
A shopkeeper at a nearby store told STT reporters that the shop was forced to remain closed for a while after a boy came to the shop and informed what had happened in the pub.
The store, was however, opened again when security people arrived at the place.
Despite the police warning and thick snowfall, there was still a gathering of stunned onlookers at the scene of the crime.
Soon after the incident, candles were lit at the scene.
Eyewitnesses said they had seen the second victim lying on the ground outside the pub next to its little door.
A local resident, Raimo Siltakoski, said he was heading to the pub, but eventually changed his mind.
He said he was lucky not to go to the pub describing the situation as scary.
He also revealed that he had visited the pub last on Tuesday to watch an ice hockey match.
The suspect had earlier been described as about 180 centimetres tall and dark skinned.
So you finally got a shiny new Oculus Rift and have already run through most of the launch content… so what now? Well rest easy because there is more fun out there to be had if you know where to look. For the longest time that Go-To place was Oculus Share but unfortunately not any longer. In its day, Share was the central repository for all of VR's early tech demos and experiments. Sadly this past week, Oculus decided to pull the plug on Share and has taken the site down. Even though Oculus Share has now been put to rest, A lot of those older gems are still available for download on various VR sites.
So you might be asking right about now, “How does any of this help me to get more content for my CV1”? Well, thanks to one awesome developer over on Reddit users can now go back and relive some of the classics by using the latest build of his LibOVRWrapper 1.2.
The Runtime Wrapper
So what is this Runtime Wrapper thing all about you might be asking? Well basically it is a set of files that allow for you to run some older demos that were built against the 0.6, 0.7, and 0.8 Runtimes. This opens up some of the classics that were so amazing during the early days of VR. I want to personally thank the developer, Kalavaras, for giving this gift to the VR community. I have had a blast seeing a few of my old favorites like Senza Peso and Doll City again in my new CV1.
Here is what you will need to do to make this work:
First grab a copy of the Runtime Wrapper here: https://github.com/kalavaras/LibOVRWrapper/releases/tag/v1.2
Once the file is downloaded open the directory you unzipped it to and locate the installation_RunAsAdministrator.bat. Once located, right click and select run as administrator to allow the files to be installed to the needed directories.
That's it… Now just start to download demos and see what works. This will be a bit of trial and error. Currently this wrapper will not work on any demo or game that requires extended screen mode. The app or game must be built against 0.6, 0.7, or the 0.8 runtimes and working in direct mode.
OK.. So now I have the runtime wrapper installed but where was it again you said we could get the content to use with it? Well one of the most complete sources I have found is over at WEARVR.com. This site has been around for a while and has established itself as an alternative platform for obtaining all sorts of VR experiences. WEARVR features both free and paid content for all systems represented.
WEARVR
https://www.wearvr.com/
Another great repository for those older demo's is theriftarcade.com. Again this site has been around for a while and hosts both paid and free content for the Oculus Rift DK2 and CV1.
The Rift Arcade
http://www.theriftarcade.com/
So I hope you found this article useful. I think it is great that a single developer took the time to make sure that some of the paramount VR experiences from back in the day could be seen once again by all of Virtual Realities newcomers. As VR moves forward I'm sure we will see a lot of new and very exciting content coming out, but there's just something to be said for going back and re-visiting the classics! Let me know your thoughts on this subject and tell me about the older games and demos you have been able to run in the comments below.
Within hours of Britain's vote to leave the European Union, it started.
A Lithuanian lawmaker wrote to the chief executive of HSBC, trying to court the bank. A website promoting Frankfurt as an attractive location to invest went live. A Berlin start-up published an online how-to guide for anyone looking to move to the German capital.
Britons had only just begun to digest the results of their referendum when cities and companies across Europe leapt into action, all of them jockeying to lure businesses, entrepreneurs and investment from London, the region's economic behemoth.
Much remains up in the air, as the country embarks on a yearslong process to leave the 28-nation bloc. Britain hasn't even officially filed for divorce, and there will be painful negotiations on matters including trade and whether people from European Union nations will have the freedom to work in Britain, as they do now.
Despite the high levels of uncertainty, others in Europe are, in effect, looking to gain from Britain's pain.
× Mud Island man robbed, forced to do meth and go on $3,900 shopping spree after meeting 2 men on hookup site
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — “Get on your knees and beg for your life!” It's what a Mud Island man told police a heavily tattooed man screamed at him just hours after meeting him on Grindr.com, a gay hookup site, last Thursday.
After a night of partying, the victim said he agreed to take the tattooed man as well as a second man back to his apartment on the 700 block of Harbor Edge Circle.
The victim told police the first man emerged from the bathroom with a gun and told the victim, “Get on your knees and beg for your life!” He also reportedly told the victim, “I'm gonna kill you” and “It's our job to take out f*****s like you!”
He then allegedly told the victim he would instead “slit his throat” because it would be “quieter for the neighbors.”
The victim said his captors forced him to lead them to all of his valuables, including two television sets, a laptop and a Fossil watch, before injecting him with meth, which caused him to drift in and out of consciousness.
The victim told police he remembered going with the men to a store on Summer Avenue where they made him buy them more than $3,900 worth of clothing.
The men then allegedly dropped the man by the side of the road and drove off in his Cadillac ATS.
Both suspects, who kept the keys to the man's apartment, allegedly returned several times over the next few days to steal more items.
Police indicated one of the suspects might be connected to another robbery.
The Australian government is reportedly considering conducting reconnaissance flights over China's "artificial islands" as international tensions mount over the Asian nation's land reclamation project.
The Abbott government is likely to deploy a P-3 maritime reconnaissance aircraft to survey one of China's new artificial islands in the South China Sea, The Australian has reported.
The RAAF plane will reportedly fly out of a Malaysian air base to within 12 nautical miles (22km) of an island - considered to be within international "freedom of reconnaissance" limits.
A recent US aircraft on a similar mission was recently met with repeated demands to leave as it approached one of China's new ocean bastions.
China claims sovereignty over a large part of the South China Sea, which is a cause of tension with nations including Vietnam and the Philippines.
There are fears in the US China could use its new artificial islands as weapons platforms.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
"Clearly it would be very, very troubling if the president of the United States is interfering in investigations," Sen. Mark Warner said. | AP Photo Warner calls reports about Trump 'very, very troubling'
Sen. Mark Warner declined to say Sunday whether allegations that President Donald Trump has attempted to influence the ongoing investigation into his campaign's relationship with Russia could, if proved true, qualify as an obstruction of justice, but he said “it would be very, very troubling.”
“I went to law school, but I'm not a practicing attorney,” Warner (D-Va.), the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told host Jake Tapper on CNN's "State of the Union." “I'll leave that for much better attorneys than I. But clearly, it would be very, very troubling if the president of the United States is interfering in investigations that … affect, potentially, the president and his closest associates.”
Story Continued Below
Former FBI Director James Comey, whom Trump abruptly fired last month, is scheduled to testify in an open hearing on Capitol Hill on Thursday. Trump has acknowledged that he fired him at least in part because of the FBI's investigation into whether Trump's campaign colluded with the Russian government's suspected attempts to interfere in the election last year through cyberattacks.
Warner said he plans to ask Comey, as well as Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers, whether Trump pressured them to downplay the Russia investigation, as has been reported in news outlets. Also on Sunday, Warner told John Dickerson, host of CBS's "Face the Nation," that he wants to hear from Comey "what kind of pressure appropriate, inappropriate, how many conversations he had with the president about this topic, did some of these conversations take place even before the president was sworn in?"
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
According to multiple news reports, Comey is expected to testify that Trump asked him to stop the bureau's investigation into his first national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
Sen. Susan Collins, a Maine Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, similarly told Dickerson on Sunday that she is "eager" to question Comey about his interactions with Trump, including whether the former FBI director had told the president that he was not the subject of the bureau's investigation, as Trump has claimed repeatedly.
Asked on CNN Sunday whether he has seen any evidence of collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign, Warner said, "There is a lot of smoke," but "we have no smoking gun at this point."
BGR exclusively reported last week that HTC's First, also known as the “Facebook phone,” will soon be discontinued at AT&T. Sales during the phone's first month of availability totaled less than 15,000 units according to our source, and AT&T has given up hope that things might turn around. According to a new report, AT&T isn't alone.
Mobile News on Thursday reported that the HTC First's launch has been canceled in the United Kingdom. Facebook, which is footing the bill for HTC's new handset, reportedly made the decision and all preorders will be canceled.
“The HTC First has been pulled and will never go on sale in the UK,” the blog's unnamed source said. “Sales in the US were poor and Facebook has taken the decision not to give it a more widespread release.”
Engadget followed up on the report and got the following statement from Facebook:
Then, seamlessly, we are lead into track two, “The Baker”. It almost seems like these two songs were written and recorded as one, as the final word on the previous song opens this one up, This song brings about a harder, faster-paced emo-ska sound. It's more drum heavy, and more guitar driven, with those punk aesthetics making a swift comeback here. The song talks about how the universe is an ever expanding entity, and we are all small and insignificant on the surface. With that said, we still make the biggest impact. “An atom's the smallest, but it's the biggest part”, as the song says. Individual people matter to each other, and their respective universes. The theme of individual people influencing each other is a recurring theme on the majority of the tracks given here.
The album kicks off with the opening track, “You Need A Visa”, where we are presented with the album's best aspects in one song; the pacing, the vocals, and the jazz levels. This track opens with a smooth, mellowed out guitar riff, followed by a delicate, yet powerful horn arrangement. Fifty-two seconds in, we are then introduced to Chris Rodriguez's vocals; However, this time, he is joined by Michi Tassey, the band's keyboardist and backup vocalist. While she was featured on the previous album, this one really utilizes her full potential. They compliment each other, with each one bouncing off the other, transitioning into their respective verses with the utmost precision. The instrumentation on this track acts as a blanket that sort of holds everything together.
Verse , the newest addition to their discography, is a significant improvement over This is what you learned. With this new LP, the band sounds tighter. Everything sounds more arranged and artful. The band is taken in more ambitious directions, coming out full force with a more epic, complexly arranged track listing.
People Like You is ska in a state of divine meditation. Imagine, if you will, a mixture of Arcade Fire, and Of Monsters and Men, with a dose of Reel Big Fish thrown in for measure. With their debut LP, This is what you learned , they presented a jazzy, emo, punk sound. It was a bit guitar driven, it was fast-paced, and it sported an abstract nature, with one track (“The Act of Falling”) ending with a passionate, spoken word verse. The lyrics were angsty, and Chris Lee-Rodriguez, the lead vocalist, was at the forefront of the mic. Their sound was different, presenting a new take on the fusion of jazz and rock, but all in all, it was a tad indulgent, and lacked a certain shimmer and shine, a certain subtlety, that could have stepped it up from being a decent album, to a pretty good album. I tend to attribute this to the rough guitar work, as well as Lee-Rodriguez's ambitious, yet somewhat off-putting, vocal style.
Scattered throughout the center of the album are a couple of interludes — the “Kneeplay” interludes, as they're called. These are short, crude, predominantly instrumental interludes, usually showing off the band's appreciation for jazz. These were also featured on the previous album, but here, they're a little more stripped back, usually featuring only a mere distorted trumpet solo. There isn't really that much to say about them. They're alright. In a way, I actually feel like they break the album up nicely. Following the interludes, the album's tempo gets a bit more melancholy. It's smokier, darker, icier. It even gets little more rough around the edges. All of a sudden, things don't sound quite as polished. There's an ugly edge to it. But I think that's a good thing. It gives the album charm. A lot of that attributes to the spacey, spastic, yet calm, trumpet numbers. I don't know if this was intended or not, but it really works.
The highlight on this album, in my opinion, is the closing track, “Sleeptalk”. Every time I listen to this track, I just get goosebumps. It starts off with this ambient, rhythmic instrumental, eventually transitioning into an icy wall of emotion and energy. The cherry on top, though, is Michi Tassey's vocal performance. She has this cold demeanor throughout the song, and wraps things up with a cracked high note on the final lyrics, adding this chilling intensity, and a sort of traumatic note to end things on.
With that said, it's worth noting that one of the key components that really makes this album work are the vocal stylings of Tassey herself, who moves up from being the backup vocalist on the previous album. She really is the heart and soul of this album. The way she cries out the lyrics, the rough, yet energetic, way her voice reaches those high notes; Her voice is just beautiful, and when paired up with Lee-Rodriguez's vocals, it makes both of them sound even better. Vocally, I think she really proves to be a better contributor to the aesthetic of the band. Her voice meshes exceptionally well with both the jazzier cuts and the more guitar heavy ones. Her voice especially spices things up on the second half of the album.
What I found also works with this album is the overall instrumentation. The jazz instrumentals are pushed further. It's the album's core aesthetic. The main credit for that would have to go the emphasis on drums and trumpet. It brings the music out into another dimension, and really makes the sound feel more filled out, more thorough. With the previous LP, they seemed almost confused, almost as though they didn't know weather to be a jazz or an emo outfit. Here, with this LP, The jazz works with the emo, as opposed to working against it. They add to each other, each sound acting as the other's spine.
People Like You really comes through on this album, and while I still don't know if I'd call myself a “fan” of their music, I'd certainly say they're on my radar. They really gave a very warm, yet chilling, cabaret of jazzy emo jams, perfect for any summer night by the docs. Even in it's ugliest parts, there's a certain soft, yet beautiful glow that it emits. I really hope to see their jazz sound further explored in their future releases. Verse is a must-listen for any dual-fans of Modern Baseball and John Coltrane (those exist somewhere, I'm sure).
RATING: 7/10
If you ask an American if the sun orbits Earth, there's a 1 in 4 chance he'll say yes.
According to a new National Science Foundation study, 74% of Americans believe that Earth revolves around the sun. The other 26% believe that the opposite is true.
Of course, it's a fact that the Earth orbits the sun. The modern heliocentric model of the universe was first presented by Nicolaus Copernicus, a 16th century Polish astronomer. The study took place in 2012.
The survey revealed other distressing facts about science in America. For example, only 48% of Americans believe in evolution.
As NPR pointed out, European and Asian countries fared much better on the evolution question.
According to RT, a similar survey is taken every two years. The findings will be formally presented to Congress and President Obama.
There can be little doubt that sooner or later we will outgrow our food supply – literally f— , sorry, copulate ourselves into overpopulation. We could go the way of Easter Island which supported a thriving civilization until the islanders ran out of resources and their civilization died.
Today the world's population stands at around 6.5 billion, projected to rise to at least 7.2 billion in 2015. Just imagine how many of us will be here in 2050! This kind of population growth can't be sustained but less sex is hardly the answer. The only problem with sex is that sometimes it causes children and too many kids without adequate resources means more ignorance, hunger and more kids. The cycle continues.
The basic tools for slowing or stopping population growth are simple: contraception, vasectomy, tubal ligation, sex education and education in general. Simple for us common folk but is it simple for the Catholic Church? Nope, the Pope and his priests know a sin when they see it.
Of course, eating meat on Fridays used to be a sin too, but the Pope looked at that one and said – what the heck , the farmers need to eat too. That was a good decision for the oceans, so how about now making a good decision for the world's resources?
Unfortunately the Catholic Church remains a major stumbling block when it comes to any kind of population control involving birth control. It maintains abstinence is the only sinless way, but even a small army of priests has found that hard to follow. Some churches are literally going broke trying to pay for the sins of their past and present priests.
An organization that spans the globe and is still powerful in underdeveloped areas of the globe is a prime stumbling block in the fight against overpopulation. In doing that it inadvertently promotes hunger and continuing ignorance.
Pope Benedict even claimed in a recent speech that the use of condoms is not only a sin but also increases the incidence of AIDS! Benedict, oh Benedict, you're really misfiring on this one! You must have failed your elementary science pretty badly to say that.
Fortunately for the world the Catholic church has lost some of the iron grip it once had. Even so, its sway in some of the poorest regions of the world is formidable and troubling.
It would be nice if dogma fed people, but food is better.
The popular, politically correct, solution is to grow more food and improve the distribution network. Good plan, but we've been talking about that for years and the hunger is still there, only more of it. What's that definition of insanity again? Something about doing the same thing but expecting different results?
A far more practical and ethical solution is to decrease the world's population through free birth control devices and education. While birthrates in most industrialized countries are already falling, they are more than counterbalanced by population growth elsewhere, especially where there is endemic poverty.
Will supply of condoms and education in birth control interfere with some cultural practices? I certainly hope so, if that will result in less ignorance, subservience and poverty. “Culture” is not cast in stone, it evolves and adapts to changing needs like everything else does.
Western women have the vote today, and their husbands get sent to jail if they're caught beating them. These are both recent changes among many in our western culture, so where's the problem?
History tells us that societies disintegrated through the destruction of resources. Easter Island is just one example where only huge, inscrutable human statues are all that remain of a once thriving civilization. The end came when too many people exhausted the island's limited resources.
We could literally fornicate ourselves out of house and home… but what a way to go!
Advertisements
Fazbear Ent's lax safety standards in the games make it much easier to explain why some things in FNAF World are the way they are. If it ain't a robot? They cheaped out.Previous:Next:PANEL 1:Goldie: Hey, Lolbit! Out with the little guys?Lolbit: As always. Hold him for a moment, will you?Foxy: Lolbit, have you seen BB lately?PANEL 2:Lolbit: Two days ago, passing through. Why?Springtrap: The Grim Reaper is tiny and /looking at me/.Goldie: He's a byte! Cute, huh?Springtrap: No.PANEL 3:Goldie: C'mon, he's not gonna stab you. That only happened once, and Freddy was fine. ...after a giftbox, but...Springtrap: YOU play with the tiny spectre of death. And what's with her eyes?Goldie: What, Lolbit's? They've always been like that.PANEL 4:Springtrap: Yeah, andeyes were like that and you tried to kill me.Goldie: Some people's eyes are just like that. Good rule of thumb is, if they're not trying to take your face off, they're not glitched.Panel 5:Springtrap: Why would her ey-wait. Nevermind.Goldie: What?Springtrap: Just remembered that they were the same on the flipside. ...and that'sI remember, so don't ask.Panel 6:Dante: Okay, now I'm REALLY confused. Is that damn rabbit supposed to be blue or purple? It keeps changing.Jorge: I think they used bad references, too-see how that one looks like the heads minus the eyes? I get the feeling that the budget for anything but the stage robots aren't real high...Dante: The three inch chunk the suit took out of my leg agrees with you.FNAF and all its characters belong to Scott Cawthon, not me.
Duterte plans Vatican visits to apologize to Pope
Joel Guinto, ABS-CBN News
Posted at 10 May 2016 11:45 AM
Presidential candidate Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte speaks during a press conference after casting his vote in Davao City on Monday. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News
DAVAO CITY -- Presumptive President Rodrigo Duterte is planning state visits to the Vatican, the United States, China and Japan, his spokesman said Tuesday.
Duterte will visit the Vatican to "apologize and pray," spokesman Peter Laviña told reporters.
Asked if Duterte will apologize specifically for cursing Pope Francis, Laviña said: "He already wrote a letter."
READ: Duterte: Vatican has forgiven me for 'cursing' Pope
The 71-year-old tough-talking mayor will visit US, China and Japan to strengthen ties with "trading and economic partners," Lavina said.
Duterte had chastised US Ambassador to the Philippines Philip Goldberg for criticizing him for a joke he made on the rape of an Australian missionary in Davao in 1989, even threatening to cut diplomatic ties.
READ: Duterte risks chill in US-PH ties with trash talk
He also expressed openness to cooperating with China in disputed waters and promised to ride a jet ski to plant the Philippine flag on a Chinese-held reef.
READ: Duterte wants to be a hero in dispute vs China
Someone walked into my UCLA class a year ago and three hours later I realized that the business of media and the business of business itself was about to be turned inside out. We were on the cusp of a new and profound revolution. One that would birth an entirely new form of media and make the emergence of the world-wide-web seem like merely a prelude. More surprisingly it seemed that many organizations were reacting to the symptoms of the change but weren't aware of the causes or doing anything to prepare for the full impact of what was to come. I could feel an epic story being born. It felt like a sequel to what occurred in the music and book retail business. We were coming to the end of the beginning and I wanted to be deeply involved in the next chapter. At the end of this article I'll tell you what I've decided to do to prepare.
Let me step back for a minute and set the scene. I've been a longtime professor at UCLA for the School of Theater, Film, Television and Digital Media and at the Anderson School of Management. I was teaching a masters class in the fall titled “There's No Business Without Digital Business.” I was excited and honored each week to have hungry and agile students along with a roster of guest lecturers, one amazing business leader, media titan, researcher, or pragmatic dreamer after another. What I loved about this semester was that the students and guests weren't shy about testing the boundaries of their assumptions or my own theories about what was on the horizon. We were collaborating together on the very meaning of business in the next industrial revolution.
The last class was dedicated to looking beyond the horizon and pulling the varied threads of the previous work together. We had prepared by reading excerpts from the book “Trillions – Thriving in the Emerging Information Ecology” by Peter Lucas, Joe Ballay, and Mickey McManus. Mickey had agreed to share with the class a deeper dive and more importantly have the theories outlined in Trillions tested, poked, prodded, and stretched to the limits by our group.
Oliver Wendell Holmes once said, “Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimension.” By the time Mick arrived my mind was not only stretched it was reeling. It was the end of the semester, we had spent the past two months in an epic clash of ideas about the business of digital business, I would be boarding a plane the next morning to points unknown, and frankly some of the things discussed in the book seemed hard to believe.
My rule in class is that the guest has twenty minutes to give a presentation as overview but the rest of the time would be spent in deep collaborative conversation.
Mickey walks in and says that first and foremost a new mountain is on the horizon of not billions but trillions of connected devices. He plays a short film (Link: https://vimeo.com/7395079 ) and quizzes us about how big trillions even is--for those that aren't math majors, a trillion seconds is over 30,000 years. He makes the point that this isn't far off in the distant future but happening within the next five years. “For instance,” he says. “We just reached over four to six billion cell phones, effectively super computers in our pockets, but as early as 2010 the world had manufactured over ten billion microprocessors a year and now makes more transistors than grains of rice, cheaper.” He continues, ‘but a trillion smart devices isn't even the biggest challenge, it's that connectivity will act like a seed in that super saturated solution and suddenly we won't see information any longer as being “in” our computers, but instead the sock will turn inside out and we'll be living “in” the information.'
I ask about what this means to business and he admits that he really doesn't know. “I do know that sooner than you think everything that can be connected will be, and those things won't just talk to you, they'll whisper in the dark, to each other. Not billions of the usual suspects like cell phones and today's idea of smart devices, but mundane things like washing machines, and blue jeans, and bottles of soda, and diapers.”
Wait, washing machines and blue jeans? Does that mean that a major appliance manufacturer might sell the “pouring rights” for their washing machine the same way we sell pouring rights for sports stadiums? Or that when you pick up a bottle of soda your Google Glass will show that you just lost a year of your life and when you put it down and pick up a bottle of water you gain a few years? “Hmm,” he says, “yeah, I have no idea. I feel like we are babes in the wilderness before this new era. But I love where you're going.” It's clear that while the authors of Trillions have done profound research into the design and technical implications of a trillion-node world, they really don't have a clue what this will mean to media or business.
A student asks, “So are your clothes all going to gang up and lobby for a change in detergent when they fade too fast, or don't fade fast enough?” Yes. This is the first time in history where we'll have a true feedback loop of not just the social media anecdotes that drive today's recommendation engines, but facts.
As the evening continues we realize that brands will be laid bare as products talk about how they perform, get used, succeed, or fail. While looking at conversations about products, we also need to tap into conversations between products as they form their own social networks—sometimes with strange bedfellows and unexpected new friends. This will be a profound change. Your product development and marketing teams will need to break down barriers and work together to find new pathways through this medium. You won't be able to hide behind a black box and make just so claims about what your product or service does, that's the promise and peril of this inevitable rise in big sensor and big data.
But that could be a very good thing. It means that we'll all have to start not only listening to our customers more, but also inviting them into the process.
Mickey shows an app from AutoDesk called “123DCatch” (Link:http://www.123dapp.com/catch ) that allows him to “rip” a chair from the physical world into the digital world. I remember the disruption wrought on my own business as head of Polygram when consumers could suddenly “rip” music.
So I ask him, “If someone rips a chair from IKEA and mixes it together with a chair from Herman Miller will they be able to print it back out again and sit on it?” He pauses and thinks for a moment and replies, “a few people could do that today by using advanced tools and then visiting a place like the Techshop (Link: http://www.techshop.com ) or Shapeways (Link: http://www.shapeways.com ) to get it produced. But it isn't quite that easy yet. However as 3D manufacturing helps products join Moore's Law the day is not too far off. If I were IKEA I'd take a page from Apple's or Pandora's playbook and publish all of my chair designs digitally, charge an attractive price or a monthly fee and encourages customers to mix and match parts, even with rival furniture makers. I'd also reward the most creative innovators so that soon there would be IKEA tycoons who had created entirely new designs that sold better than my own.”
By the end of the evening—factoring in the radical changes happening in manufacturing with the rise of 3D printing and new forms of digital delivery mechanisms—it becomes clear that not only will products join the social network, they'll start telling stories that may even change the products themselves. We realize that there is a new form of media, not paid that you buy, or owned that you control, or even earned that you reap from third parties, but a form of media that is made. Something that you sow between your brand, your customer, and your product itself that will become the seed that leads to a thousand new flowers in bloom.
Made Media is coming and it's a big story for business as well as society. I don't think we want our customers to have to cope with all this complexity, but I do think we owe it to them to tame it. The revolution will be characterized by a shift towards more profoundly human-centered innovation, where brands design for a loss rather than a gain of control. Where products join the social network, and customers are invited in to be a part of true product innovation. As a business leader these ideas get me excited because of their scale and subtlety.
I'll tell you what I've decided to do. After that fateful class, I joined with Jonathan Cohen—the founder of SocialChorus, the first influencer marketing platform—and the authors of Trillions—who run the world's premiere independent pervasive computing consultancy called MAYA and I became a founding investor in a new kind of agency dedicated to made media. Think of it as “Tell to Win meets Trillions.” The first native made media agency focused on helping organizations prepare, manage, and thrive as products become influencers and consumers, and their products tell their own connected stories. We call it AoT (Link: http://www.aot.co ) and I am very excited to say that it is launching this week at CES.
There are vast opportunities ahead for both challengers and incumbent brands. If you think the fight for the future is over, you haven't seen anything yet. People that get smart now about made media—after all anything multiplied by a trillion is an interesting number—will have an unfair advantage. Are brands ready? Are agencies prepared for real-time Made? Are you?
Ron Paul Releases Best Letter Yet
July 17, 2007
What a day and half in northern California! On Friday, my first appointment was at 6:00 am, and my day ended at 11:00 pm. I did radio and tv interviews in San Francisco, followed by a meeting with the editorial board of the San Francisco Chronicle. The questions were tough but fair: my favorite! Meanwhile, more and more interview requests pour into the campaign. There is a real hunger for our ideas, even in the mainstream media. The message of liberty is popular!
Then I headed for Google, one of Americas great businesses. Some of the young stars who populate that company took me on a tour of a firm that seemed like a university student union. I saw where everyone works, eats, and exercises. Next I did a political YouTube interview with questions submitted from the web. I was told that never had Google, in the entire history of this series, received the sheer number of questions that it had for my interview. People care about freedom.
Then I spent an hour answering questions from Google employees, crowded into a large room with overflow rooms overflowing too. Next was fascinating briefing from some of the technical heads of Google Earth, Google Maps, Google Apps, and other extraordinary innovations. Then there was a press conference for the media gathered in a company courtyard, and then a fundraising reception that a group of Google employees had organized off-site. In the evening there was another successful fundraiser.
Saturday morning was the Silicon Valley Meetup in a park right next to Google. A huge and enthusiastic crowd was there to hear about our ideas, and the diversity was astounding. There were bikers in leather and hippies, young parents and grandparents, high-tech workers and business owners, and so many young Americans.
I talked about all our ideas: marching out of Iraq just as we marched in; no more meddling in the Middle East; bringing the troops home, from hundreds of expensive bases all over the world, so that we could have the money we need for the transition to freedom in social programs, and to abolish the personal income tax and the IRS. They are not compatible with a free society.
In a Ron Paul administration, we would also repeal the Patriot Act and the Military Commissions Act, restore habeas corpus and stop the spying on Americans. No more eavesdropping on our emails and bank accounts, our phone calls, home and businesses. No national ID — just the bracing freedom of the Constitution.
We must have sound money, and not a giant counterfeiting machine called the Federal Reserve that causes recessions and inflation. We must have private property rights, with no pollution or other attacks on property. We should enforce the Second Amendment, and all the Bill of Rights. We can have privacy for us, not secrecy for a corrupt bureaucracy.
It is all within our grasp, the restoration of the republic and our sovereignty — no UN, no North American Union, no Nafta, no WTO, no World Bank, no IMF. Just federalism, free enterprise, peace, prosperity, and the kind of future we all want for our families, ourselves, and our fellow Americans.
The dream can be a reality. You can help make it so. Please: make your most generous donation to this effort for America's future (https://www.ronpaul2008.com/donate/). Instead of wars and inflation and spying and poverty, we can have peace and freedom and the blessings for our children and grandchildren of doing better than we have, of secure retirements and childhoods. No more theft — of our savings or our liberty.
Please — give to this campaign, for all our futures.
Sincerely,
Ron
Advertisements
Austin has its old, worn out, disappointingly inaccurate "Keep Austin Weird" slogan and Dallas—as pointed out in our August issue—has its disappointingly accurate "Keep Dallas Douche" slogan. Both are found on everything from t-shirts to bumper stickers, although neither has the flair nor grit of Houston's own unofficial t-shirt slogan: Fuck You Houston's Awesome.
Granted, it's not for everyone. But the t-shirts, produced by local entrepreneur (and doorman at joints such as Christian's Tailgate and Poison Girl) Anthony Gassnola, have become enormously popular nevertheless. So popular, in fact, that Gassnola has been holding regular t-shirt release parties each time a run of brand-new designs is printed—and the t-shirts sell out each time.
His latest set of FYHA t-shirt designs is scheduled to be released this Saturday, September 14 at Grand Prize Bar starting at 8 p.m. This round of 80s-inspired designs includes an MTV-esque logo with the M and the TV repurposed into an H and a TX, as well as an oil derrick that looks close enough to the old Oilers logo to make Houstonians remember the good old days before Bud Adams turned on us like Old Yeller.
For each shirt you score, you'll get a free pint of 8th Wonder beer, currently on draft at Grand Prize. You'll also have the opportuntity to purchase artwork by local street artists Dual, Eyesore, Give Up, and Adrian Landon Brooks.
If you get to Grand Prize too late for a t-shirt this Saturday, don't fret: Gassnola is still selling some of the classic FYHA designs on his website, and they're currently on sale for $17 each.
We here at CrowdLeaf.org.uk are humbled to be sharing another guest piece, this time from a European level decision maker. As a South East MEP she offers an insider's perspective on both the problems and solutions for the Environment. All views are that of Anneliese Dodds not CrowdLeaf as an entity.
It is no secret that the vast majority of environmentalists supported remaining in the European Union. Nonetheless, those of us who accept the result of the referendum have to somehow ensure that the UK Government now delivers on the aspirations of those who voted to Leave, without completely ignoring the concerns of those who wanted to stay.
Last week we finally got an indication of the Government's negotiating priorities, and it is fair to say that environmental issues received relatively little consideration, with only one paragraph out of 77 pages being devoted to them aside from brief passing references. This differs from the Welsh government's explicit call for both working and environmental standards from the EU to be retained as part of any post-Brexit settlement.
Instead, the UK Government stated that while it would ‘use the Great Repeal Bill to bring the current framework of environmental regulation into UK and devolved law', this would be followed by the development over time of a ‘comprehensive approach to improving our environment in a way that is fit for our specific needs'- suggesting an (albeit gradual) shift away from current EU standards.
In this article I will try and sketch out some of the directions that this new approach could take, in the fields of water and air quality, waste management, climate change, green growth and protection of biodiversity.
Although the UK has arguably led the way in some areas of environmental policy, this is certainly not the case when it comes to water and air quality. Indeed, even when covered by EU legislation the UK government has been taken to task by the European Court of Justice for failing to meet standards in both areas. For example, Britain has, last month, been sent a final warning to comply with EU air pollution limits for nitrogen dioxide or it will face a case at the European Court of Justice. £100m to rectify problems with waste water management in Hampshire was provided by the European Investment Bank to Southern Water, and it is unclear whether the UK will be able to remain a member of the Bank in the future and whether this low-interest source of finance will therefore be available.
In addition, the existence of EU law has been an important tool to affect the behaviour of the private sector. Hence, the need to meet EU objectives on water quality enabled Ofwat to pressure water companies to invest in projects like the London super sewer. It may prove more difficult to exercise this kind of pressure in the future. When it comes to air quality, while there are UN rules on emissions, specific and enforceable national emissions ceilings (which, incidentally, the UK government recently lobbied to water down), determined at EU level, will no longer apply to us.
It is therefore difficult to identify areas where Brexit could enable a scaling-up of action to improve environmental quality. The fact that the UK would no longer be expected to follow the Polluter Pays principle could mean that polluters could, in theory, once more be compensated for measures they introduce to reduce pollution (just as farmers once were for producing nitrates), but such measures may not be politically or pragmatically feasible, nor desirable.
On waste management, the picture is a complex one. Clearly EU landfill rules facilitated measures to promote recycling which would otherwise have been unlikely in the face of sometimes vociferous initial opposition. On the other hand, many rules concerning the recycling of specific products may still have to be complied with by British manufacturers if they wish to still access EU markets (whether or not we are in the single market), such as those contained within the revised Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, and also pertaining to vehicles and their emissions, and to chemicals.
The UK government states in the White Paper its commitment to continue to exercise a leading role in combating climate change, but it is difficult to see how this will be achieved in current circumstances. Generally the UK has, over time, pushed a stricter approach to reducing carbon emissions in the EU than many countries would otherwise have supported, not least the Visegrad countries. As a result, the removal of the UK from the EU may reduce the determination of the largest trading bloc in the world to push measures against climate change- needed now more than ever given the hostile approach of the new US administration. At the same time, the UK's unwillingness to countenance EU measures promoting specific national targets (such as on the percentage of energy produced by renewable sources) may unblock action in this area. Conversely, the removal of the EU's second biggest contributor may negatively impact on the funding gap in energy infrastructure, leading to more polluting energy production being retained across the EU than would otherwise have been the case. Other issues are currently open for debate, such as whether or not the UK will continue to participate in the Emissions Trading Scheme.
The impact on biodiversity can be split into that on land-based and marine wildlife and fauna, and related to the likely new British approaches to farming and fishing, respectively.
It is clear that there are a range of international (as opposed to European) conventions to protect wildlife, from the CITES Convention to the Bern Convention and beyond, in addition to UK national measures such as the system of SSSIs and ASSIs. These would provide some continuing degree of protection to British wildlife. However, the EU Birds and Habitats Directives are stronger in many regards. First, they provide stricter protections for Natura 2000 sites against development than do nationally-designated areas; and second, they also facilitate LIFE funding for conservation measures. Again, the EU's regulations on Wildlife Trade and Invasive Alien Species offer stronger protections than the CITES convention.
Some have suggested, conversely, that the removal of the UK from the CAP regime will promote greater greening of agriculture. Hence, the Government's White Paper suggests that the removal of CAP from the UK affords an opportunity for ‘new better and more efficient' farming policies for a ‘cleaner, healthier environment'. It is, however, rather unclear why this should be the case, when (for example) pigs and poultry in the UK receive the least CAP funding and yet are highly intensive.
The environmental aspects of the CAP have been legitimately criticised from a variety of angles. Nonetheless, as the dust settles, it is unclear whether the funding available through CAP for practices ‘beneficial to climate and the environment' – which amounts to almost a third of direct payments to farmers- will come from after 2020.
Both the Scottish and Welsh governments look likely to campaign for significant subsidies to be retained by farmers, especially those farming marginal land, who are the most dependent on subsidy; yet this approach may not persist in England. This could have a variety of environmental impacts. If the removal of subsidy leads to marginal and smaller farms becoming unviable, this will clearly lead to the creation of some larger farms, which has been linked to a reduction in biodiversity and increased specialisation, as well as a reduction in the labour force necessary to engage in labour-intensive conservation measures. Subsidy removal could also lead to the abandonment of land and reduction in livestock numbers. This could in theory lead to some rewilding and reduction in methane emissions. Equally, it could lead to the development of relatively undiverse scrubland and not result in any emissions reductions if British consumers simply import meat from other countries.
When it comes to the marine environment, the UK has led the way in developing Marine Conservation Zones. Although hailed as a significant step forward, in practice they are weaker in protecting against development than the Natura 2000 system. Again, international conventions do apply, with the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North East Atlantic (OSPAR) viewed as having been significant, especially when compared to the UN Convention on the Law of the Seas. In addition, the UK Government states in its White Paper that its new approach to fisheries will ‘want to…deliver a cleaner, healthier and more productive marine environment', which is encouraging. These may however be over-ambitious aims if the political pressure to allow a more permissive approach in the short term following Brexit overcomes the need to preserve fish stocks over the long term. The fact that research has shown that the UK already has a relatively high average tonnage above scientific advice is therefore rather worrying.
To conclude, environmental issues received a relatively low profile in the referendum debate, despite the efforts of politicians, NGOs and individuals from across the political spectrum, from the Greener UK coalition to Stanley Johnson to Mary Creagh MP. Now that the Brexit negotiations have begun, they are continuing to receive little apparent attention from government, with important issues like environmental quality and waste management not even being mentioned in the government's White Paper on Brexit. Now is surely the time for those concerned about the UK's environment and climate change to mobilise, for the sake of animals, our planet and our health and that of our children.
As far as everyone else is concerned, the Oklahoma City Thunder are renting Paul George this coming season. So we already know multiple teams will be lining up to pitch George next summer, most notably the Los Angeles Lakers, but also the Golden State Warriors, according to Tim Kawakami of The Athletic.
Kawakami joined Tim Bontemps on a podcast this week, and said he believes the Warriors will try and make a run at George next summer, adding that Warriors owner Joe Lacob “is going to try and find a way.”
Making a run at George would be a seriously complicated matter for the Warriors, who of course would not be selling George on a max contract. The selling point would have to be adding to their super team that already exists and being a part of greatness.
Steph Curry signed a max deal worth $201 million this summer while Kevin Durant re-signed for two years, $53 million — and an option to opt out next summer. Klay Thompson has two years left on his deal and Draymond Green and Andre Iguodala each have three years left on their respective deals.
Golden State would likely have to decide to part ways with Thompson or Iguodala to ultimately make salaries match for George, unless he was willing to take an even more dramatic paycut. And that would likely involve some kind of sign-and-trade, gaining compliance from another franchise. Any other team, especially the Thunder, would likely be hesitant to help the Warriors empire become any more powerful than it already is.
George to the Warriors is no doubt a long shot and Kawakami's overall point is probably that the Warriors are continued to be aggressive in looking to ways to build to their dynasty. George will be the most coveted free agent next summer and that means every team will be entertaining ways to get him.
The Federal Elections Commission is very clear on the fact that foreign nationals cannot legally donate to candidates in the United States. The reason is pretty simple—they don't want U.S. elections to be influenced by outside money. That apparently didn't stop the Trump campaign from sending a fundraising solicitation to Scottish Parliament members. The email was from Donald Trump, Jr., on behalf of his father. Scottish Member of Parliament Natalie McGarry was repulsed by Trump's “repugnant campaign” and she fiercely replied back with a public flogging. Her tweet is below. I've recreated her responding email for easy reading. Enjoy!
Dear Donald J. Trump Jr.
Quite why you think it appropriate to write emails to UK parliamentarians with a begging bowl for your father's repugnant campaign is completely beyond me.
Given his rhetoric on migrants, refugees and immigration, it seems quite extraordinary that he would be asking foreign nationals for money; especially people who view his dangerous divisiveness with horror.
The U.S. elections are a matter for the American people, but I do send my hope that they reject your father fundamentally at the ballot box, not just to protect and improve the cohesion in society, to stop his corrosive othering of immigrants and for the protection of hard fought women's rights in the U.S. but also, selfishly, for world security, and international relations. The thought of his reactionary type of politics and apparent ignorance of world affairs having access to a seat at the world table is both surreal, and terrifying.
The above is a long way to say No, and do not contact me again.
Sincerely,
It has been difficult to miss the fact that the Winter Olympics are being held in Vancouver, Canada.
But what you won't have noticed is the monitoring software being used to keep an eye on the energy consumption at the major venues.
Global warming could have a devastating impact on regions that host the Winter Olympics so it's apt that the organisers of Vancouver 2010 have set a good example.
The smart Venue Energy Tracker technology from Pulse Energy provides information on the energy being used in real-time. It also shows where energy is being saved.
Pulse Energy CEO David Helliwell believes the London Olympics in two years' time should do the same: "We're already seeing the results and hope that similar technology can help London 2012 achieve its targets."
Here are some facts about the technology and some stunning pictures of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics.
Video games have a spotty history when it comes to addressing mental health. Often, people with mental health issues are demonised, portrayed as the nefarious villains in games like Outlast or villains in games like Far Cry 3. In other games, mental health is reduced a sanity meter or other mechanic, such as in Amnesia or Darkest Dungeon. But 2017's Night in the Woods presents a different way of looking at mental health in games.
Night in the Woods is an indie platformer that focuses on Mae, a 20-year-old cat who drops out of college and returns to her dying hometown. After she reconnects with her childhood friends, Mae begins having disturbing dreams that lead her to investigate a sinister mystery that has plagued the town for decades. On the surface, Night in the Woods seems like a fun mystery game about a group of friends, but it's actually about learning to cope with mental illness.
The game's creators have spoken candidly in the past about their own mental health struggles. Scott Benson, who animated and illustrated the game, has type two bipolar disorder. Programmer Alec Holowka runs the's Fucked Up podcast, which aims to break through stigma around mental illnesses by interviewing people who have experienced them. (Bethany Hockenberry, the writer of the game, was unable to meet with Kotaku for an interview.)
Mae and Gregg are doing crimes again, much to the confusion and dismay of Angus.
Night in the Woods explores mental health through the lives of Mae and her friends Bea, Gregg, and Angus. Mae, the protagonist, experiences depression and anxiety, which sometimes create dissociative states during which she becomes completely disconnected from reality. It is implied, though never directly stated, that Gregg has bipolar disorder. His poor impulse control gets him into bad situations, and at times these factors impact his feelings of self worth. Bea and Angus both struggle with the consequences of abusive pasts and their relationships with their families.
Benson told Kotaku that the team intentionally left the characters' mental health ambiguous as a way to let the story progress naturally. Early in development, they knew they wanted to talk about depression, since everyone on the team had experienced it in some way. Ultimately the team wanted to make a game about people who experience mental health issues, not the issues themselves.
“I wasn't seeing a lot of games doing it [exploring these issues] so that kind of made it an interesting thing to explore,” Holowka explained. “And it kind of fit with the idea of doing this generally down-to-earth subject matter compared to a lot of games that are more about like, characters that are super powerful. Our characters aren't that powerful... which I think is also interesting and relatable.”
The characters' hometown of Possum Springs also impacts their mental health and access to care. Possum Springs is a former mining town that is facing economic decline. Mae is infamously known for beating up a boy for seemingly no reason when she was in high school. At the time, she was reacting to an episode of depersonalisation that caused her to see the world in “shapes” and disconnect from reality. Her problems were reduced to her simply having “anger issues,” and, after the incident, she had to start seeing the town doctor to treat them. Dr. Hank didn't help Mae work through her “anger;” instead he actively encouraged her to suppress it. Mae's experience with Dr. Hank highlights a problem in smaller rural communities where mental health resources are not easily accessible.
“Even when you have access to mental health care, sometimes you end up with a bad doctor or you just don't have access to the kind of care you need,” Benson explained. “And so, putting Mae in that kind of situation reflected the actual reality of the incident in a lot of places where there's just not someone there that you can go to.”
Similarly, Mae drops out of college to take care of her mental health. A 2012 survey by the National Alliance on Mental Illness found that 64% of college students with mental health issues drop out. Young adults experiencing mental health issues are more likely to have lower GPAs or be unemployed in comparison to their peers who don't face these issues. Night in the Woods highlights a huge problem with college students not getting access to necessary services, which leaves students like Mae to sink or swim.
While the characters may struggle to access care, they fill that void by supporting each other. It's obvious that something has caused Mae to drop out of college, but she doesn't talk about it for much of the game. Although it takes Mae a long time to open up to her friends about what she's been dealing with, when she does, her friends offer support. They talk about her experiences and share their own. For example, If you choose to go shooting with Gregg, he talks about his uncertainty as to whether or not he's a good person.
Gregg talks about his low self esteem and his anxiety about how he might one day lose Angus because of who he is as a person.
In the characters' conversations, their mental illnesses are validated, and their concerns are met with compassion rather than scorn, such as when Mae comforts Gregg about his insecurities while they're hanging out in the woods. This is true even when their behaviour hurts others. For instance, in the beginning of the game, Mae, can be self-centred, judgmental, and a little immature. Holowka mentions that some players get frustrated about the decisions that Mae makes in the game.
“There are certain situations where Mae kind of fucks up, and I've seen some reactions from players who identify with that and some that are really frustrated, like ‘I wouldn't do that!'” Holowka said. “But I think that's part of the experience sometimes of mental health, that you don't necessarily feel like you can make the best decisions all the time. That there's some aspect of you that's going to make a bad decision, and you're kind of struggling with that.”
Benson and Holowka said that they were surprised by how much fans were impacted by the game when it came out. They attended PAX shortly after NITW was released, where they were swamped with fans who came by to share their experiences. Even months after the game's release, players continued to share how important the game was to them. Benson said that he and Hockenberry were recently in Portland, where they met someone who experiences depersonalisation and said that they had never seen those issues depicted in media.
“I think sometimes that's just cool, because representation is just like ‘Oh that's nice to see,' and that may be empowering or it may give you some solace,” Benson said. “But I think for a lot of people that representation is important because it could just be the only time that anyone has ever verified and validated that experience.”
Benson even said that some fans have told him that they realised they needed to get help for mental health struggles after playing the game. He says that the game gave them “permission” to do it.
“Permission doesn't mean an authority figure or that they need to check with us, but like, sometimes you just need to have someone say this is a thing that occurs in your life and it's okay. You're not like, broken or something,” Benson said. “This does not mean that you're irrevocably busted and have to be quarantined or something, because you may want to quarantine yourself a lot of the time. There have definitely been people who have explicitly said, ‘Night in the Woods was there for me in a time when I was really desperate or kind of on that ledge.' Sometimes literally.”
But fans haven't just been reaching out to the developers for support. They've also been connecting with each other. On message boards and discussion forums such as Steam, players have talked to each other about their experiences.
One user talks about how they related to Mae's experience of needing to leave college due to mental health issues.
Another user talks about how deeply he was impacted by the game.
“I think that one of the things that the game is doing that I wasn't expecting it necessarily to do is creating a way for people to connect with each other,” Holowka said. “I'm just so grateful that that's been something that's happening.”
Holowka wants Night in the Woods to be a conversation starter, even if players don't connect personally with the characters' struggles.
“I hope that it'll at least have kind of left a crack in their perception of people like me who are going through shit,” he said.
Bea and Mae's relationship is strained at the beginning of the game, but slowly, they work to repair their friendship.
Benson says he ultimately wants players to have faith that there are solutions to problems.
“The idea is that there are some things that are really bad out there and there are a lot of black holes that are innately devoid of meaning that you have to work to fulfil, but you don't have to give up because of that,” Benson said. “There is hope. And sometimes that just means focusing on the day to day.”
Night in the Woods is currently available on Steam, and you can also follow the game on Twitter, where you can find updates and adorable fan art.
A couple years back, Isthmus wrote about how Madison resident Linda Willsey was ticketed by police after getting "doored" by a car in downtown Madison ("Cops Ticket Biker Hit by Car Door," 8/14/08). That story helped prompt passage of a new state law requiring drivers to look before thrusting open their doors.
In late April, one of Willsey's fellow employees at Community Pharmacy had a similar experience. Day Host-Jablonski was hit by the mirror of a car as it passed too close to her on South Paterson Street just past East Washington Avenue. She was not injured, and the mirror (thank goodness) was not harmed.
By Host-Jablonski's account, she had words with the driver, who afterward "followed me for a while revving her engine." She jotted down the car's license plate number, which she reported to a parking enforcement officer.
Officer Shawn Kelly responded, and spoke to both Host-Jablonski and the driver. (The driver, according to his report, explained that scratched paint on her mirror was "old damage.") That night, Kelly issued a $63.60 citation - to Host-Jablonski!
The violation description on Host-Jablonski's ticket reads, "Bike rules - riding single file only." But the cited ordinance refers back to a state statute that says bicyclists "may ride two abreast if such operation does not impede the normal and reasonable movement of traffic."
Art Ross, the city's bicycle-pedestrian safety coordinator, says it all "depends on how the statute is interpreted." He cites an analysis that suggests riding two abreast is usually legal. Indeed, "There are situations where one could argue it's safer to ride two abreast."
Even if it were illegal to ride two abreast, Host-Jablonski denies doing so. She says she was riding behind and a little to the left of another bicyclist: "I was by no means abreast of her." But Officer Kelly's report says Host-Jablonski, asked to diagram her position, placed an X to the left of the other bike, indicating she was in the roadway.
But while the legality of Host-Jablonski's conduct seems open to interpretation, the driver's does not. State Statute 346.075 clearly states that drivers must give bicycles at least three feet of clearance when passing.
Officer Kelly did not respond to an email contact, but Madison Police spokesman Joel DeSpain says police, on review, "did not find the driver culpable and she was not cited."
Clayton Griessmeyer, a Verona-based attorney who does pro bono work for local bicycle groups, has agreed to represent Host-Jablonski in contesting her citation and hopes the case will help clarify such situations.
"A lot of drivers in Wisconsin don't even know the law" about bicycle clearance, he says, noting that this is a subject on which he hears frequent complaints. And this case suggests "some police don't know the law either," or else choose not to enforce it.
The design
The folding beam is a 2-element directive antenna for five amateur bands (20/17/15/12/10m band, 6m band optional). It consists of wire elements attached to a support structure in a concentric way. The center post carries the support cords and is a coaxial feeder for the drivers. The driver/reflector arrangements are fixed to the fibreglass spreaders.
The feedpoint cord support is molded onto the center post. Connector SO-239 (N type socket optional at no extra cost)
The hub takes up six swivel spreaders and electrically isolates the center post from the mast or rotator underneath
The spreader sections are connected with locking swivel joints
open swivel joint
The spreader tips have rounded heads with zig zag slots for the support cords
The center post acts as a coaxial feeder, each driver is fed individually
Clamping the wires onto the spreaders is a snap with special clips!
Join wire ends and spacing cords with these universal detachable clamps
The top cap has spacers to provide air flow and easy moisture escape from the center post
These optional storm brackets will damp lateral spreader movement and prevent from folding up in strong wind gusts
Antenna collapsed to only 1.15 m (45") total length
Optional transportation & protection bag with shoulder straps
Optional large clamp-on ferrite for K9YC style common mode choke, 3 turns of cable up to 11.5 mm (0.45") O.D., shown here with RG-213. Perfect for portable use, easy to fit and to remove. No need to cut the connector (in opposite to using a string of ferrite beads).
Optional thick walled rotating guy ring for 30mm O.D. top section masts, no rope thimbles needed due to rounded edges.
Please find more pictures and information in the construction manual.
back to top
Cliff Lee is performing. His team has a losing record. The trade deadline no longer seems far away. The rumors are starting.
Article continues below ...
It happened in 2009, when he went from Cleveland to Philadelphia. It happened in 2010, when he went from Seattle to Texas.
You wonder if Lee is thinking, “Here we go again.”
In fact, he is.
“Yeah, pretty much,” Lee acknowledged Friday, during an interview at Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia. “Nothing I can do about it, so I'm not going to get too caught up in it.”
That's not entirely accurate: Lee can do something about it. His contract with the Phillies includes a 20-team no-trade clause. Only nine teams can acquire Lee without his permission. So if the Phillies make him available in the days leading up to the July 31 deadline, he could limit his market to roughly one-third of the major leagues.
In resetting the list of clubs before this season, the 34-year-old and his agents structured the clause such that it would have maximum impact. While Lee didn't want to discuss specific teams with FOXSports.com, major league sources say most of the 20 teams subject to the provision are projected trade-deadline “buyers.”
The New York Yankees, Boston Red Sox, Texas Rangers and Baltimore Orioles are among the 20 teams that would need Lee's permission to acquire him, the sources told FOXSports.com.
Of that group, the Rangers and Orioles are of particular interest.
The Rangers remain focused on winning the World Series, after falling short in 2010 and 2011, and the starting rotation is their most obvious area to upgrade. Texas has three starting pitchers on the disabled list — Matt Harrison, Alexi Ogando and Colby Lewis — and it's unclear what each will be able to contribute this year.
The Rangers have been thrilled with the contributions of right-handed starters Nick Tepesch and Justin Grimm, but neither has pitched an entire season in the major leagues. And the Rangers are well aware of what Lee can do in October, having watched him dominate the American League playoffs for them in 2010 before losing twice in the World Series.
The Orioles, meanwhile, have enough offense to win the AL East — and more (They are second in the majors with 287 runs scored). But their starters have managed an ERA of only 4.85, and the team has lacked a true ace for years. The Orioles made the playoffs last season despite having just one pitcher start more than 20 games; they probably can't rely on their lineup and bullpen in quite the same way this year.
The Orioles have cycled through 11 starters already this season. The active roster includes only one pitcher — 36-year-old Freddy Garcia — who has made at least six starts this season with an ERA below 4.00. For those reasons, the acquisition of Lee might do more to transform the Orioles' chances at a championship than any other team's.
Of course, the Phillies must decide to trade Lee before any of this happens. So far, they haven't. The Phillies are a disappointing third in the NL East at 28-30. General manager Ruben Amaro Jr. probably will wait awhile before deciding on the franchise's direction, since he has a large payroll and a number of players in the final years of their contracts: Roy Halladay, Chase Utley, Michael Young, Delmon Young and Carlos Ruiz.
Lee has two guaranteed years and a minimum of $62.5 million left on his contract after this year, according to Cot's Baseball Contracts. The Phillies could have escaped from that financial obligation last August when the Dodgers claimed him on waivers, but Amaro pulled him back.
Lee's been traded three times — including an offseason deal from Philadelphia to Seattle — and understands the Phillies are arriving at a critical juncture that could affect him.
“There's a lot of season left, but we definitely have to figure out a way to be more consistent across the board,” Lee said. “The Braves aren't slowing down. The Nationals have struggled as well, but with the talent they've got you can't expect them to continue to play the way they have.
“The way we played last year, the way we've started out this year, it's getting close to do-or-die time. . . . Management is going to have some decisions to make when we get closer to the trade deadline, if we continue to play the way we have. I want to do everything I can to make sure they're not forced to make some of those decisions. I'm just going to try to pitch and do everything I can to help the team win.”
When he signed with the Phillies after the 2010 season, Lee said he “definitely expected this team to be in first place and contend every year, no doubt about it.” But the Phillies became deadline sellers last year and missed the playoffs with an 81-81 record. Now they — and Lee — face the potential distraction of not knowing their long-term course.
“I can't sit here and come up with the what-ifs,” he said. “If (a trade scenario) presents itself, I'll have to look at the situation and figure it out. Right now, I'm a Phillie and I want to do everything I can to help this team win.”
But Lee's a realist, too. He knows how quickly he could be gone.
“Every time I've been traded, before that every organization would say, ‘You'll be the first one to know if we're ever going to move you,'” Lee said, recalling that he learned of each trade while watching television. “I was the last one to know every time.”
FX has picked up the political drama “Tyrant” for a second season, increasing the episode order to 13.
The 10-episode first season run of “Tyrant,” which is exec produced by Howard Gordon, averaged 5.1 million total viewers and 2.3 million adults 18-49 inclusive of linear, time-shifted and non-linear viewing. It was also mired by filming problems, such as a move to Turkey after this summer's Gaza conflict made it unsafe to continue production in Israel.
“We're so proud of ‘Tyrant's' performance throughout its first season,” said Nick Grad, who, along with Eric Schrier, is the president of original programming for FX Networks and FX Production. “Howard Gordon is one of the best and most successful producers in this business. His ability to combine intelligent, edge-of-your-seat storytelling with events from the current geopolitical climate is truly groundbreaking. We look forward to seeing how Tyrant grows in season two.”
Production on the new season of the Middle East-set family drama, which stars Adam Rayner, Jennifer Finnigan and Ashraf Barhom, will begin this spring with an eye on a summer premiere date.
“Tyrant” was created by Gideon Raff and is produced by Fox 21 and FX Productions.The series was developed by Gordon and Craig Wright.Glenn Gordon Caron, Peter Noah, Michael Lehmann, and Avi Nir also serve as executive producers, along with Chris Keyser as consulting producer and Chris Levinson as co-executive producer. Gordon serves as showrunner and exec produces under his Teakwood Lane Productions, the shingle he has set up at 20th Century Fox Television.
Tonight brings the season finale of Person of Interest, and we've got an exclusive clip from CBS to whet your appetite for anarchy in the U.S.A. Collier's privacy terrorist group Vigilance is putting the government on trial, while two AIs are about to go head-to-head.
In this clip, which seems to take place right after the end of last week's episode, the Machine Gang watch as Collier begins the webcast of his trial for the surveillance state. I love that they're working with Shaw's old boss Hersh, who has always respected her abilities, despite the fact that she now works for the subversives. He's deadpan and hilarious in this bit.
Advertisement
I can't wait to see what's going to happen next. Will the Machine fight rival AI Samaritan, or will we leave that for next season? My guess is that a lot of it will spill over into season 5, because we still have a LOT to learn about Samaritan. But the Vigilance plot is almost over. My hope? That Collier, like season 1 bad guy Elias, becomes a Machine Gang ally.
I entered the sex industry because I lacked access to health care.
In the industry, it's common for women to use proceeds from their work to fund cosmetic procedures. It's an investment — increase the market value of sexual labor by modifying one's body in accordance with popular sexual aesthetics. Breast augmentation, facial surgeries, and gluteoplasty are all procedures commonly sought out by escorts, strippers, and porn stars.
For transsexuals, this often has another dimension. These procedures can provide a degree of relief from gender or sex dysphoria, which, according to the American Psychiatric Association, includes “strong desires to be treated as the other gender or to be rid of one's sex characteristics.” The APA further recognizes that some individuals with dysphoria “can benefit greatly from medical and surgical gender transition treatments.”
However, many insurance providers do not cover hormonal and/or surgical intervention, viewing them as cosmetic and not medically necessary. Others are selective about which types of surgical procedures they cover. Without insurance coverage, a comprehensive set of feminizing surgeries can cost over $70,000.
Given the high medical costs and employment discrimination against trans people, many — especially people of color, and especially trans women — end up working in the sex industry. For a trans person who is rejected by their family, bullied out of school, and can't find stable housing or work, it can be the only option.
Plus, many escorts can charge hundreds of dollars, in cash, for an hour-long session. Even if they only have 4 or 5 clients a month, they might make more than if they worked full-time at the federal minimum wage. According to the National LGBTQ Task Force, 11% of trans people have worked in the sex industry, compared to 1% of women who are not trans. For Black and Latina trans people, the numbers are 47% and 29%, respectively.
When I began doing sex work, I was uninsured. I had a service industry job that paid a little over minimum wage, the first job I was able to get in years. I had been unable to apply for work for a while; I had lost my identifying documents on account of being homeless. Once I finally had identification and a relatively stable place to stay, I applied to every entry level job I could find. I got called in for interviews occasionally, but it took nearly a year before anyone hired me. I had access to hormones via my primary care provider, a sliding scale LGBT clinic, but my sex dysphoria was intense. Just waking up and looking in the mirror each day was agonizing.
Taking hormones stopped my skin from crawling, but any time I became conscious of my face or body I would grow ashamed, dejected, and angry with myself. I wished I could avoid being seen by anyone — but I had to go to my low-paying job every day.
I would have been eligible for insurance through my work if I had stayed there a little longer, but even then, their policy did not appear to cover any of the surgical procedures that would have made my dysphoria more bearable. And I knew I would never be able to afford these procedures out of pocket on my wage. I knew that if I were to ever have any hope of being able to afford the treatments, I would have to start selling sex.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Italian international winger Leonardo Sarto, subject to a medical.
The 24-year-old, who will arrive in the summer from GUINNESS PRO12 side Zebre, has signed a two-year deal with the Warriors keeping him at Scotstoun until May 2018.
Sarto has 26 caps for Italy and scored on his international debut against Scotland in the South African Quadrangular Tournament in June 2013. He has also scored for his country against Ireland, England, Wales and Romania.
He is now a regular for Italy and started all three RBS 6 Nations games against France, England and Scotland this season, as well as all four of their Rugby World Cup pool matches last year, scoring a try in the win over Romania. He has made 50 appearances for Zebre over the last four years.
Speaking exclusively to glasgowwarriors.org, Leonardo Sarto said: “Glasgow Warriors are a massive club and play a great style of rugby.
“I wanted to move to the UK as I know the standard of rugby is high and I want to improve my game. Joining a club like Glasgow Warriors will help me do that.
“I've always known Glasgow is a great club and I know Simone Favaro is enjoying it there. I hear the fans love him and I hope I will have a similarly good relationship with them when I move over."
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend said: “Leonardo has been one of the best wingers in the GUINNESS PRO12 over the past few seasons and has an ability to break tackles.
"He has also performed well at Test level and had an excellent all-round game against Scotland last month.
"He is somebody we've been tracking for a while and we're delighted that he has committed to us from next season.
"We believe that he will make further improvements in our environment and will add to the competition for places in our backline."
CBS (NYSE:CBS) reported third-quarter results recently and met expectations. Revenues for the quarter were $3.26 billion versus $3.37 billion for the same period last year.
The revenue decline of 3% was "driven by 8% lower content licensing and distribution revenues, primarily from the timing of television licensing sales, and decreases in lower-margin revenues, including the nonrenewal of a sports programming contract and lower revenues from pay-per-view boxing events. Total revenues benefited from growth in network advertising, which increased 1% despite fewer sporting events broadcast on the CBS Television Network, as well as 50% growth in CBS Television Network affiliation fees ('station affiliation fees') and retransmission revenues.” Operating income was up 1% to $753 million, and EPS was up 19% year over year to 88 cents.
A big announcement that came out along with the quarterly results was that CBS would air a brand-new "Star Trek" television series in January 2017 to commemorate the show's 50th anniversary. The first episode of the new show will premier on the CBS Television Network. All subsequent episodes will air exclusively in the U.S. on the CBS All Access streaming service which costs $5.99 per month. You can read more about the new series here.
Since the company is offering the new "Star Trek" exclusively on CBS All Access, I thought it would be interesting to guesstimate the amount of revenue that the show would generate in subscriber fees.
My first steps were to find a number of reference points.
Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) had 43 million subscribers as of the third quarter
(NASDAQ:NFLX) had 43 million subscribers as of the third quarter Showtime (owned by CBS) has approximately 23 million subscribers
The Showtime figure in particular gives me a realistic upper ceiling for total potential subscribers
I then researched the most recent "Star Trek" film.
In 2013, “Star Trek: Into Darkness” grossed $228,778,661 domestically at the box office
The 2013 average movie ticket price was $8.13
That means there were approximately 28 million viewings at the theater.
This gives me an idea of how many people were interested enough to pay $8 for the last "Star Trek" movie.
My next step was to research statistics on previous "Star Trek" series. There are five existing versions of the "Star Trek" TV series: The original series, "Next Generation," "Deep Space Nine," "Voyager" and then "Enterprise." I chose “Next Generation” and “Enterprise.” I'm not a Trekkie so maybe this reasoning is off, but “Next Generation” seemed like the most popular out of the bunch. The “Enterprise” series was chosen because it was the most recent. It aired from 2001 to 2005.
Per Trektoday.com, "Star Trek: The Next Generation" was tuned in by the following number of households during the below years. Fall 1987 to spring 1988: 8.55 Million Fall 1988 to spring 1989: 9.14 Million Fall 1989 to spring 1990: 9.77 Million Fall 1990 to spring 1991: 10.58 Million Fall 1991 to spring 1992: 11.50 Million Fall 1992 to spring 1993: 10.83 Million Fall 1993 to spring 1994: 9.78 Million Fall 1994 to spring 1995: 7.05 Million Fall 1995 to spring 1996: 6.42 Million Fall 1996 to spring 1997: 5.03 Million Fall 1997 to spring 1998: 4.53 Million Fall 1998 to spring 1999: 4.00 Million
The premiere of “Enterprise” in 2001 had 12.5 million viewers.
Armed with the above reference points, I took a guess at incremental "Star Trek" subscription revenue. I'm assuming the new "Star Trek" will have 10 episodes per season. If aired on a weekly basis, that would span over three months.
Scenario 1 (bullish)
Assuming some people will keep CBS All Access for an average of six months at $5.99 per month. This assumes that people will keep their subscriptions even after all "Star Trek" episodes air.
11.5 million subscribers. This seems like a good number given that the peak of “Next Generation” was 11.5 million viewers and the premiere of “Enterprise” was 12.5 million.
$414 million for 2017
Scenario 2 (base)
Assuming average of four months of subscriptions at $5.99 per month. Some people will stick around longer than the entire "Star Trek" series Some will watch all episodes as released and then cancel service immediately Others will binge watch and only pay for one month of service
8 million subscribers Piracy and password sharing risk taken into account
$192 million for 2017
Scenario 3 (bear)
Assuming average of three months of subscriptions. Some will watch all episodes and then cancel service immediately Others will binge watch and only pay for one month of service
6 million subscribers Piracy and password sharing risk taken into account
$108 million for 2017
Final thoughts
As a CBS shareholder, I wanted to do a ballpark guess as to what the new "Star Trek" could add to the bottom line. The average "Game of Thrones" episode costs $6 million to make. The recently aired "Supergirl" pilot is rumored to have cost $14 million to make. "Star Trek" is the company's crown jewel, and my guess is that CBS will invest heavily.
Let's say the new "Star Trek" season 1 averages $6 million per episode and has 10 episodes for a total cost of $60 million. Taking my base case for subscription revenue and then subtracting episode costs ($192 million - $60 million) would net $132 million for 2017 domestic subscription income. That's not taking into account other forms of monetization like advertising fees or international distribution.
As of the third quarter, there were 480 million shares outstanding which means that the new "Star Trek" would add 27½ cents to EPS if my assumptions are correct. That's not bad considering that the current dividend is 15 cents per quarter. Of course, I'm guessing and might be way off base. I would be interested in reader feedback.
Disclosure: Long CBS
About
Russian Subway Dogs is the next game from Spooky Squid Games, creators of They Bleed Pixels and Night of the Cephalopods!
Watch the trailer in HD 60fps!
Every morning dozens of stray dogs make the commute by train from the Moscow suburbs to the downtown core in search of food and fortune.
Welcome comrades! Meet Russian Subway Dogs, a fast-paced action-arcade game inspired by the real-life stray dogs of the Moscow Metro. We have done extensive, totally legal research in order to fine-tune this chaotic simulation of what it's like to scavenge for food from Russian commuters. Surviving isn't easy when you are dodging volatile vodka, rival dogs, and the rare and dangerous Subway Bear!
Russian Subway Dogs is already playable, super frantic, and fun. With your help we can make it bigger and better! We have some great rewards to thank you for backing us, and our talented team is raring to go!
Russian Subway Dogs will be available through Steam and itch.io upon release, and we are aiming to launch simultaneously on Windows and Mac.
Levels inspired by the world-famous architecture of the Moscow subway system, rendered in meticulously detailed pixel art.
Mission mode filled with unique challenges from your kitty comrade the Proletaricat!
An extensive endless mode with online leaderboards.
Over a dozen food and drink items to consume: gyros, burgers, cabbage, beets, herring, kvass, pigeon, pelmeni and more!
Diverse subway wildlife including, rival dogs, poodles, rats, elk and bears!
Bomb your enemies with exploding vodka!
Simple "pick up and play" gameplay with a deep scoring system to keep you coming back.
Silky smooth 60fps gameplay.
Adorable Russian puppers!
A round of Russian Subway Dogs is all about eating, eating eating! Consuming food both increases your score and keeps your stomach life bar full.
Scare up food by barking behind commuters, they'll throw whatever they're holding into the air.
Grab food before it hits the ground. Air food is both more filling and higher scoring. Avoid dropping your food and you'll rack up high scoring combos!
Watch out for passengers carrying vodka! It's no good for doggies and highly explosive.
Your barks can also deflect falling food or vodka. Well aimed vodka helps you get rid of rival dogs and wildlife and heats up your food. Hot food = more points and more filling meals!
Fail to eat enough or take too much damage and the round will end. Your doggie will have to head home to forage another day.
Unlike most score attack arcade games, Russian Subway Dogs is full of little touches of simulation, adding depth and emergent gameplay. Food can be warmed up with explosions to make it more filling. Hot food that isn't eaten quickly will burn away. Snowdrifts can be cleared away with vodka explosions but also melt faster if hit with hot food, cooling the food back down. Bears fatten up if overfed. Power-up items like coffee or kvass provide equally powerful upgrades to rival dogs who eat them. The more you play, the more of these touches you'll discover.
An angry bear burned by a vodka explosion eats a burger and fattens up.
The Moscow Metro does in fact have a population of stray dogs who commute each day in search of food. They've learned to identify specific stops, where they can find the best street food, and how to trick or surprise people into feeding them. There's even a statue at Mendeleevskaya station memorializing a famous stray, Malchik!
photo credit - englishrussia.com
The Moscow Metro has some of the most beautiful, unique stations in the world, making it a perfect setting to draw inspiration from. Originally built during the Soviet era around the concept of svetloe budushchee, “A Radiant Future”, these stations resemble palaces and art galleries with sculptures, stained glass windows, gilt framed paintings, and roman columns. We're working from hundreds of reference photos to accurately capture the spirit of each station in pixels, while adding a bit of fun canine content to the mix. Here are a few of the stations featured in the game!
Russian Subway Dogs started as a jam game created for the GDC Pirate Kart. This early gameplay sketch was very well received with coverage on Indiegames.com as well as several let's plays in both English and Russian and was chosen as an official selection for Fantastic Fest's Fantastic Arcade in Austin, Texas.
Inspired by this positive response we've been improving Russian Subway Dogs by adding more detailed animations, revamped physics and 60fps gameplay, a deep combo system, new commuters, food types, bears, snowdrifts, and more!
Now we're ready to take Russian Subway Dogs to the next level! We're packing it full of new content and gameplay modes, then releasing it commercially on Steam. With your help we can make canine magic happen!
Travel from station to station taking on missions from the Proletaricat, your feline commander. Missions include a specific combination of commuters and wildlife with a time / score goal you have to beat. However the real meat of the mission is a series of extra sub-challenges. These range from requiring deft hand-eye coordination to puzzling out deeper mechanics. For example:
Complete the mission with a vegetarian diet.
Don't let the poodles eat any food.
Get a 6 x Tasty Kombo.
Eat six pigeons.
Complete enough subchallenges and you'll open up the next station with a new set to solve!
We're adding a whole range of new commuters and wildlife to the mix. Flighty pigeons, stout babushkas wielding giant herring, annoying balalaika players, and irate subway elk are only a few of the upcoming additions!
Kvass, coffee, hot sauce and other new foods will provide game changing powerups not just for the player, but also any rival dogs who eat them. There's nothing more annoying than a toy poodle moving double-quick on a caffeine high stealing all your food, so make sure you grab any powerups before they do!
Arcade games are best when you can show off your skill and compete globally with other players so we're adding online leaderboards! For those looking for a solo challenge we're also including lots of interesting skill-based achievements to aim for.
We're bringing the talented Peter Chapman on board to create a brand new original soundtrack. You may be familiar with his work on award winning games such as Guacamelee!, LittleBigPlanet Karting and Modnation Racers. He'll be producing his own unique electronic take on traditional Eastern European folk music for Russian Subway Dogs. Listen to the first track here!
We're adding a whole bunch of polish every step of the way. Improvements and additions like animated backgrounds, new sound effects, particle effects, play balancing, and more. We want to lavish as much love as we can on Russian Subway Dogs, adding all those little details that take a game from good to great!
We want Russian Subway Dogs to be enjoyed around the world so we'll be localizing it into as many languages as possible!
Want to play as a Proletaricat? A goat? Cerberus the three-headed hound of hell? Work together during the Kickstarter campaign to complete community backer missions and spread the word about Russian Subway Dogs. The backer missions completed the more bonus characters we'll add to the game.
These community achievements are a fun way to stay involved after you back (or before!) and help us spread the word. The Proletaricat will be keeping track and updating the achievement board above throughout the campaign. Every time four achievements are completed she'll poll the community and you will get to pick which fantastical "pup" will be added to the game!
Submit fan art, photos and videos to the Proletaricat by tweeting them at @spookysquid or spookysquidgames.tumblr.com or on the Russian Subway Dogs Facebook page at fb.com/russiansubwaydogs. We can only count submissions through those channels so be sure to send them our way!
Spread this Proletaricat Propaganda on Twitter: LINK
Spread this Proletaricat Propaganda on tumblr: LINK
For our stretch goals we want to take our little pup hero outside the subway system for some historical and supernatural fun. These bonus levels take place between stations and break up the Proletaricat missions with new gameplay variants, enemies, and locations.
Just want the game? Back at this level and you'll get a Steam key for a digital copy of the game when it's finished.
Keep in mind, you could be back at the $25 level instead and start playing as soon as the Kickstarter ends!
For the music lovers! A Steam key for a digital copy of the game plus the original soundtrack (OST) of amazing tunes by Peter Chapman!
Want to start playing as soon as possible? Back at this level to get the current, alpha build of the game as soon as the Kickstarter ends followed by regular updates as it approaches release. Compete with other alpha backers for high scores, hang out and give feedback on the private forum and help shape the future of the game!
You'll also get the soundtrack and a Steam key for the final version of the game when it's released.
The alpha currently includes an endless mode of the game with all the commuters, food and wildlife seen in the trailer plus a simple online high scoreboard!
BONUS: Digital copy of our previous game They Bleed Pixels on Steam (PC/Mac/Linux). A $10 value, also included at all pledge levels after this.
We'll send you a Russian Subway Dog thank you postcard in the mail, signed by the Spooky Squid art team! Real physical mail like our ancient ancestors used. We'll also thank you by name in the credits at this pledge level and all pledge levels after!
Note that the thank-you postcard is only available at this pledge level and as part of the <3 RUSSIAN SUBWAY DOGS and I <3 <3 SPOOKY SQUID collections.
Also includes everything from the Instant Alpha Access pledge level!
For folks who love cats and/or dogs! A collection of pet themed pixel art prints suitable for framing! Includes:
Proletaricat propaganda 8" x 10" print.
Subway Dog vs Baba Yaga 5" x 7" print.
Laika historical hound 5" x 7" print.
Owney historical hound 5" x 7" print.
Hachiko historical hound 5" x 7" print.
These prints can be signed by the artist or left blank. Your choice!
This is one of two collections of prints available at the $65 level, pick the one that's right for you.
Also includes thanks in the credits and everything from the Instant Alpha Access pledge level!
A collection of three 8" x 10" Moscow subway station pixel art prints suitable for framing! You'll get to pick your favourite three from the stations in the game. Each print depicts a station background from the game along with the name of the station that inspired it in bold blocky Russian.
These prints can be signed by the artist or left blank. Your choice!
This is one of two collections of prints available at the $65 level, pick the one that's right for you.
Also includes thanks in the credits and everything from the Instant Alpha Access pledge level!
Sporting a unique Pixel Art design by veteran pixel artist Miguel Sternberg and created by our friends at We Love Fine. This design will only be available through this Kickstarter.
Also includes thanks in the credits and everything from the Instant Alpha Access pledge level!
Take home an adorable plush pup! With help from our friends at We Love Fine we've rescued these subway strays from a life on the streets!
Working closely with our art team, We Love Fine have created a perfect plush replica of our pup protagonist. Just over half a foot tall with its signature Ushanka hat, you know you want to rescue one from its harsh life riding the rails of the Moscow Metro!
Also includes thanks in the credits and everything from the Instant Alpha Access pledge level!
Plush prototype, final production version may have minor differences in material, colour or other small details.
Loved our previous game They Bleed Pixels? Back at this level to get a package of cool They Bleed Pixels goodies normally only available at events. Collection includes:
They Bleed Pixels logo T-shirt.
Ten assorted They Bleed Pixels 5" x 7" postcard prints.
Five assorted Spooky Squid 1" pins.
A prop voxel of blood from They Bleed Pixels Crimson Update live action trailer.
The coveted Little Black Envelope physical edition of They Bleed Pixels (details below).
Also includes thanks in the Russian Subway Dogs credits and everything from the Instant Alpha Access pledge level!
The Little Black Envelope Edition of They Bleed Pixels contains:
A Steam Key (PC/Mac/Linux) printed on a Book of Claws cards.
Three 1" chrome style buttons.
A Clawed Girl card standee with spot gloss claws.
All packaged in an elegant black envelope printed with the logo in silver ink and sealed with a squidy faux wax seal.
Hot on the heels of one fantastic Dark Matter fan Q&A (see yesterday's Roger Cross-dedicated entry) comes another. Director Ron Murphy (director of such episodes as: The one where FIVE mines her memories and finds out how she got on the ship, The one where FOUR kills his former mentor Akita, The one where the Android uses the upgrade to go undercover as a human, The one where almost everyone gets blown up on that space station, and another three this upcoming season including the premiere, finale, and the totally bananas Episode 304) wants to hear from YOU! Post your questions for Ron in the comments of this blog. You have until Monday night!
Yesterday morning I received a sign that Wednesday, December 7th, 2016 would NOT be one of my best days. That sign was our new (old) pug Suji peeing in the bed. At 5:30 a.m. I suspect this is the result of a bladder infection and not poor housebreaking habits or general insolence. So, we've made an appointment to visit the vet Friday night. And did a mess of laundry. And packed up our comforters to drop off at the dry cleaners.
Then, on my way in to work, I saw a pedestrian get hit by a car. It was morning dark and she was crossing against a red light in a no-crossing zone. The car wasn't going that fast but it did send her tumbling, head over heels. Attempts to coax into a car for a ride to the hospital proved unsuccessful and she scampered off, no doubt to thank her lucky stars for the close call…and, later that night, curse them for the aching back that'll probably creep on her.
I got to the office 15 minutes before call, set up my laptop, and got to work on my script, marveling at how quiet the place was and how fortunate I'd been to snag a parking spot right out front. Wait! Quiet?! Parking spot out front?! I checked the callsheet and, sure enough, we were shooting at our other stage. I hopped into the car and zipped over, just in time for first blocking.
A great Marauder day with Director Ron Murphy calling the shots. There was a special guest star and laughs and even a few tears shed.
At one point, actress Zoie Palmer came by my office to discuss a name for her Android. We'd had two weeks to go away and come back with three suggestions each. I actually came back with two. She had seven. We kind of, sort of, agreed on one (with a surprising Stargate connection!). But we've yet to commit, so discussions are ongoing.
Today, we're in the infirmary for Day #2 of Episode 302 (which is actually shooting in the #3 slot) with Director Bruce McDonald at the helm…
Concept piece for the Ishida holo-tablet c/o Props Master Victoria Klein.
1st Assistant Art Director/Set Designer Karl Crosby shows off his robot arm.
Construction continues on the Ishida research facility.
Details! Details!
B Dolly Grip Phil Calambakas represents on Cat Shirt Thursday.
Sound Recordist Rachelle Audet makes do with a cat pin.
For my part, I actually bought a bunch of cat t-shirts before the season started…but keep forgetting to wear them.
On Set Dresser Mean Jean Brophey looking tough(ish).
While Executive Producer Jay Firestone negotiates a tableful of notes.
Dinner tonight with belated birthday gal Torri Higginson (Dark Matter's Commander Delaney Truffault). We're gonna wagyu it up!!!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
July 7th, 2017
Written By: Peter Bartholow
We've got another update on the Limited Run Games physical edition for you today.
Things are still moving forward, which we'll detail below.
Additionally, we're working on a small extra bonus as our way of saying thank you for putting up with all of these unexpected, but still significant, delays.
So what's the current status?
After the last patch, our international partner submitted the PS4 and Vita patches to Sony, who discovered some “must fix” bugs in both versions. We had to address those because we want to avoid potential problems when submitting the final ISOs for the Limited Run Games release.
PS4
US and EU owners of Skullgirls 2nd Encore should have received a new patch by now, which has been folded into the ISO that we are finally submitting to Sony today.
Despite being a repackaging of an existing game and patches, Sony's system still treats it as if it were a full new game. As we're heading into the fall gaming rush, Sony's testers are quite busy, but with Sony's help we managed to get a testing slot of July 10th, instead of July 19th!
PS Vita
Fixing the “must fix” bugs in the PS Vita version took a few weeks, and the latest version will be submitted for testing shortly.
Similar to the PS4 version, once that version is certified, we'll make the PS Vita ISO and submit it for testing.
What bugs were fixed while we've been waiting?
The PS4 bugs were minor enough that we didn't need to fix them in the US and EU versions, but we opted to release a patch anyway because it wouldn't delay anything further.
The PS Vita bugs Sony discovered were more serious, dealing with lobby play and other multiplayer issues.
We felt it was important that these fixes be included in the physical release, as with previous bugs we've had to address in this process. While it may have been possible to move on with the PS Vita physical release without these fixes, we erred on the side of caution to give you the best possible product, but also to try and insure against Sony US finding the same bugs and slowing things down further.
Do you plan to make this up to us in any way?
Yes, we do.
Many of you asked this after the last update, and we were already looking into the logistics of adding something to the package.
We'll be adding an exclusive pencil board to every package at no additional cost to you.
For those that aren't familiar with pencil boards, they're high-quality plastic prints. While they have a function for writing, they've mostly been popular collectibles included with anime releases and the like for some time.
What happens once everything's ready?
(This is more or less the same as what we've said before, so if you've read it before, feel free to skip this part.)
Once the final patches have been released, we'll submit the final PS4 and PS Vita ISOs to Sony, and the game will go into manufacturing once those are approved.
Here's a breakdown of the remaining steps, in a handy status chart, which we'll be updating as we complete each step:
Assuming everything goes smoothly, the Graphics Approval step is estimated to take five days, the Proofing step is estimated to take two days, and then Printing and Assembly is estimated to take 3 weeks for PS4, and 4~5 weeks for PS Vita.
The PS Vita version will require more rigorous testing under the new product code, so the PS4 version will likely end up approved a few weeks ahead of time, which means PS4-only orders will be fulfilled earlier. Unfortunately, those with PS4/PS Vita bundles will have to wait until the PS Vita version arrives because shipping is not enough to cover two shipments.
Thanks for your patience and understanding – we never expected this would take so long, and can assure you that we're just as frustrated with the delays as you are.
Our pick 2016 Chevrolet Volt Best Plug-in Hybrid The Volt lets most commuters drive gas-free and remains fuel-efficient for longer trips, plus it feels like a true electric car and costs the least thanks to some big incentives. Buying Options $33,995 from Edmunds
We chose the 2016 Chevrolet Volt, which costs about $35,000 (or about $27,500 after a $7,500 federal tax credit) as the best plug-in hybrid for most people because it lets you drive for up to 53 miles purely on electric power before the gas engine kicks in, yet it's still relatively affordable, comfortable, and practical even on long road trips. The Volt stands at the top of its growing class of competitors because of its impressive all-electric range, which ranks second only to that of the more expensive BMW i3 REx.
Also, unlike most plug-in hybrids, the Volt always feels like an electric car to drive, providing quiet operation and swift acceleration even when the engine is on—and when that engine is in use, the car remains fuel-efficient and highway-capable. Despite the Volt's big battery pack, the vehicle has a decent amount of cargo space. And the cherry on top is that the Volt is the least expensive plug-in hybrid you can buy, partly because it qualifies for the largest amount of federal incentives that you can get when purchasing this type of car.
You could argue that other plug-in hybrids beat the Volt on specific characteristics, and you could say that they offer better style, more utility, or more enjoyable driving. But our focus is on why you would want to pay extra money for a plug-in hybrid in the first place. If your highest priority is to max out on fuel efficiency by driving gas-free as much as possible while avoiding the constraints of a pure electric car's limited range, the Chevrolet Volt is the clear winner.
The 2016 Volt has brought a complete redesign and features a bigger battery, as well as a longer electric range of about 53 miles, a small center rear seat for a fifth person, and new styling that makes the car look fresher and more modern. These improvements, along with a new dashboard design that makes controls much simpler and easier to use on the road, make the 2016 Volt significantly better than old model, our previous top pick, and builds on its attributes without diminishing them in any way.
Everybody together now: “Dump the pump.”
For many Volt drivers, their daily commute is an engaging game of doing whatever it takes to avoid a visit to the gas station. Winning that game is a matter of driving and plugging in, each time working to get back to a plug before using up the Volt's all-electric range of about 53 miles. Careful management of this drive-and-plug routine can reduce trips to the gas station to just a handful of times a year. That's eminently possible with the Volt but not so much with most other plug-in hybrids that offer electric ranges below 20 miles or even 10 miles. Everybody together now: “Dump the pump.”
Plugging in the Volt is as easy as plugging in your cell phone. You can charge a Volt on any 120-volt household outlet using the charging cord provided, but that takes as long as 13 hours to reach a full charge from empty. A faster approach is to use a 240-volt home charging station, which allows you to add about 10 miles of electric range for every hour on the plug, for a complete empty-to-full charge in four to five hours. A 240-volt home charging station commonly costs around $500 before installation from companies like AeroVironment or ClipperCreek.
Keeping the Volt in all-electric mode day after day is satisfying. When the dashboard reads “250+ mpg,” the highest number possible, you can feel proud that you got one over on OPEC and scored a victory for Mother Earth. At the same time, the option to quickly refuel at a gas station (even though you can mostly avoid it) eliminates the “range anxiety” that afflicts drivers of pure electric cars with fewer than 100 miles of range. Recharging a pure electric car via a plug takes many more hours, whereas once the Volt's battery is depleted, you can fill up its 8.9-gallon gas tank to full in about five minutes and add another 420 miles of range.
For plug-in hybrids, the size of the battery pack is most important. The Volt can go about 53 miles on all-electric power because it has a bigger battery than most other plug-in hybrids. (Keep in mind that real-world all-electric range can be higher or lower depending on how and where you drive.) The Volt's nearest competitors in price (the Ford C-Max Energi and Fusion Energi, the Audi A3 Sportback E-Tron, and the Hyundai Sonata Plug-in Hybrid) all have smaller batteries and offer between 17 and 27 miles of all-electric range. Naturally, those models will require more frequent visits to the gas station and will burn more gas.
How many miles do you travel in a typical day? According to a 2014 survey by the US Department of Transportation, nine out of 10 commuters drive fewer than 35 miles on a typical day. It's been that way for more than a decade, according to surveys by the DOT dating back to 2003. If you're among that 90 percent, you might avoid gas stations for weeks or even months while driving a Volt. That's the point of a plug-in hybrid.
You might avoid gas stations for weeks or even months.
The Volt is also a slick ride, just like an all-electric car; it's quick and quiet. Cars that use an electric motor rather than an engine to power their wheels have an undeniably sporty and luxurious touch. Electric motors provide lots of instantaneous torque, the axle-twisting power you feel when pulling away from a red light. At the same time, these motors are nearly silent, making for a level of quietness in the cabin usually associated with luxury cars.
Most people are amazed and delighted the first time they drive an electric vehicle. It seems almost magical that a car can operate so well without the noise, vibration, and emissions of an internal combustion engine. The Volt gives that feeling more than other plug-in hybrids. Unlike Ford's and Toyota's plug-in hybrids, which run more like traditional hybrids by switching back and forth from electric to gas, the Volt almost always operates its wheels with nothing but battery power. That makes a difference in performance. For instance, only the Volt and the BMW i3 REx allow you to put the pedal to the floor for a full dose of the car's horsepower whether the gas engine is on or not, whereas the other models have slightly less oomph when the electric motor is operating solo. The swift and silent nature is present at full capacity and even when the gas engine is running to charge the battery.
As a result, the Volt doesn't suffer from clunky transitions between electric and gas. Some hybrids, such as the Toyota Prius, have sometimes come under criticism for the high-revving rumble and vibration that occur when the gas engine comes on, or for the impression that something has gone wrong when it again falls silent. The Volt, on the other hand, always feels like a surging electric car. Edmunds echoes our preference for the Volt over conventional hybrids, declaring: “From the compliance of its ride quality to the reassuring weight and response of the steering, the Volt drives more naturally and feels more substantial than hybrids like the Prius.”
The Volt always feels like a surging electric car.
Even when the gas engine is running to recharge the battery, the Volt's fuel efficiency surpasses that of the vast majority of gas-powered cars. Boasting an EPA rating of 42 mpg combined (43 city and 42 highway) with its gas engine on, the Volt beats every pure gas car on the market, period. To get better overall fuel economy than the Volt offers, you have to buy a traditional hybrid or a pure EV.
That 42 combined miles per gallon using gas also beats every other plug-in hybrid, including the lightweight BMW i3 REx.
For most of our week-long evaluation of the 2016 Chevrolet Volt, the engine would start almost immediately after we turned the car on because the temperature was well below freezing outside and the car's electric heater doesn't put out enough power to make the interior comfortable at those temperatures. If it did, we'd be complaining about how much mileage it ate out of the range. That didn't help our mileage any. In the end, after a week of about 500 miles of driving on one long 400-mile trip and several trips around town using mostly electricity, we just eked out 40.4 mpg.
If you don't plug your Volt in, it will function like a conventional hybrid with fuel efficiency in the mid-40s. That's still very efficient, nearly matching the fuel economy of a conventional Toyota Prius. Bottom line: Even if you're on a long road trip and you can't plug in, the Volt remains among the most fuel-efficient cars on the road. More commonly, the lifetime efficiency rating of a Volt will be around 100 miles per gallon, according to Volt Stats, a site that aggregates remote data about Volt efficiency directly from vehicles via OnStar.
More commonly, the lifetime efficiency rating will be around 100 miles per gallon.
From the beginning, Chevrolet designed the Volt's battery pack in a T shape that fits between the front seats in a long column and underneath the width of the rear seats. The idea is not to to encroach on cargo space yet to leave room for a relatively comfortable back seat along with a hard lump of a center perch in between. That middle doesn't really have space for a real adult. My 5'5” daughter, had to twist and scrunch her neck while sitting there just to keep her head under the roof. But it's a useful place to install a child seat if you're a new grandparent or a young couple.
For a relatively small car, the Volt has surprisingly good cargo space, too, at least compared with other plug-in hybrids. In this regard, you'll find a big difference between plug-in cars that were designed from the ground up to accommodate a large battery pack and those that were converted from existing gas-powered or traditional hybrid models.
In the case of so-called plug-in conversions such as the Ford Fusion Energi and Ford C-Max Energi, vehicle designers did not originally provide space for batteries, so the batteries steal space from the trunk. In some cases, you barely have enough room left over for a big trip to the grocery store, let alone a long road trip. The Volt avoids that problem. Jim Motavalli, who writes about green and efficient cars for The New York Times and NPR's Car Talk, told us, “I think the Volt is the best plug-in hybrid because it's been fully conceived from the beginning as a plug-in hybrid.”
In our grocery-bag-bottom test, 11 bags fit in the Volt's rear cargo area. And that was with the back seats upright. Here's where the Volt, as a hatchback, comes in handy, as its folding rear seats drop down to fully open the space behind the front seats and accommodate nine more bags. Don't get me wrong: The Volt's 10.6 cubic feet of cargo space with its rear seats up can't compete with taller hatchbacks and SUVs that will accommodate bigger, bulkier items. But the Volt beats plug-in hybrid sedans by a couple of cubic feet and by even more with its seats folded forward.
The net price of the Chevy Volt, after incentives, makes it the least expensive plug-in hybrid available. That's remarkable when you consider the size, and therefore the cost, of a big battery pack that offers the second-longest all-electric range of the cars we looked at. Its $35,000 sticker price drops to about $27,500 after a federal tax credit of $7,500, and in some states such as California, where the Volt qualifies for an additional $1,500 rebate, the price falls below about $26,000. Legislators have based the amount of these credits on battery size, so Volt owners receive the maximum amount: Hyundai Sonata Plug-in Hybrid owners get $5,000, and Ford C-Max Energi owners get just $4,000. You can see how much every plug-in hybrid qualifies for by checking FuelEconomy.gov.
For all the remarkable electron-powered capabilities of the Volt, its price premium compared with similarly sized gas-powered models is not that much. Making a strict comparison with a gas car is hard because Chevy doesn't make a “conventional” Volt, but you can buy a well-equipped compact car for about $22,000. Considering that a new Volt costs $27,500 after its $7,500 federal tax credit, and keeping in mind that even more incentives for purchasing a plug-in electric vehicle might be available in your particular state, the cost premium then drops to a few thousand dollars, and over a few years you could erase it completely depending on how much you'll save on not buying gas. You get good value in the Chevrolet Volt. It proves that driving electric need not be cost prohibitive.
The 2016 Volt has two trim levels, one that's fairly basic and one that's loaded. The base LT comes with a backup camera, a six-speaker stereo, and an eight-inch touchscreen display for Chevy's MyLink entertainment system that's used to control music and your phone through Bluetooth, along with an increasing number of custom apps on your phone. In addition, the Volt's MyLink system includes Apple's CarPlay iPhone interface that allows you to control iPhone calls, apps for music, and navigation more directly on your phone through the MyLink screen.
For $460, you can add heated front seats and a very luxurious heated leather steering wheel in the Comfort Package, an eight-speaker Bose stereo for $560, and leather seats for $900. We recommend getting the Comfort Package with the heated seats and steering wheel, because using those features instead of turning up the cabin heat can help extend the range (since the cabin heater uses even more electricity from the battery), along with the $225 illuminated charge port, because it can be a pain to line up the plug in a dark garage or parking lot.
The 2016 Volt now includes all of the former model's Premium package equipment in an up-level Premier trim, and for the first time it adds to the Volt available active safety equipment such as active cruise control, forward-collision alert, and lane-keeping assist. The Premier trim costs another $4,350 and comes with heated leather seats and a heated steering wheel (plus heated rear seats!), a Bose sound system, and an auto-dimming rearview mirror. For this trim level, blind spot monitoring and rear cross traffic alert are bundled into the Driver Confidence I package for $495, while the Driver Confidence II package for another $495 adds the more active assist features like low-speed collision avoidance, forward collision warning, and lane keeping assistance, along with automatic high-beams. A built-in navigation system adds yet another $495, and you still have to pay the extra $225 for the lighted charge port. As with all plug-in hybrids, a tire-inflator kit replaces a spare tire in order to save space and weight.
There's a scene in Walt Disney 's Big Hero 6 movie where Baymax the robot is introduced to robotics prodigy Hiro at an exhibition. Don't remember it? Here's why. It's on the cutting room floor. In its place was spliced a scene where the duo hook up together with Hiro's elder brother Tadashi.
For what purpose was the change made? The difference between the film facing ignominy and becoming another blockbuster, according to Walt Disney Animation Studios president Andrew Millstein.
“The emotional cornerstone of the film is the relationship between Tadashi, the older brother of Hiro, and Baymax the robot,” says Millstein.
“Early on, there was a scene where Baymax was introduced by his inventor, Tadashi, at a science expo and it was a public affair. We were late in the process when we realised that there was a scene that was not resonating at the emotional depth that we needed.
“Based on feedback and the collective problem-solving of a large group of people working together to make the film together, we decided that it would be better if Baymax as a character was introduced in a much more intimate setting.
“So in Tadashi's home lab, he introduces Baymax to Hiro with just the three of them there. That introduction sets up the emotional relationship later between Hiro and Baymax because Baymax ultimately becomes like a surrogate brother to Hiro. There was that shift. Though the characters were the same, the context in which one of the characters was introduced changed the emotional resonance of the film.”
A new way of working
It doesn't sound much of a change, particularly to someone who hasn't watched the movie, but Millstein is adamant that it made a huge difference.
Neither is it a one-off, with the Walt Disney Animation Studios president citing this switch as evidence of a new way of working that helped Disney emerge from its decade of relative famine after the success of The Lion King in 1994
After that, the animated arm of the Walt Disney empire appeared to have lost its way. It was also losing money to such an extent that there was talk of it being closed down. However, the studio rediscovered the hit-making formula after the acquisition of Pixar nine years ago, making blockbusters including Frozen, the highest-grossing animated film of all time.
Millstein, who joined Disney in 1997 as a production executive in is modern pictures group, guided the studio as executive vice-president and general manager when it released Frozen and also oversaw Tangled, Wreck It Ralph and Big Hero 6.
He says Frozen's success would not have been possible without the changes introduced following the barren years.
"We had lots of great talent at the studio before Disney acquired Pixar," he says. "It was a challenge for us to learn what their DNA was and how we could extract that and apply it in the unique culture, history and institutional longevity of Disney Animation. We were not firing on all cylinders at a creative level. The environment we had created or were operating in was such that we were not getting the most out of everybody who was there and I think our films suffered because of it."
Disney Animation, which has 850 staff, is part of The Walt Disney Studio alongside Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm and Disney Live-Action. It completes one film a year, though at any point in time it has about four movies in production.
Letting creativity lead
Last month. Mr Millstein told the Advertising Week Europe conference in London, that Disney's first change following the Pixar acquisition was to recognise that the Disney's famously magic legacy could be a burden as much as a springboard to more success if it inhibits innovation.
"The key difference that helped motivate the change at Disney Animation is the idea that our studio and films are filmmaker-led,” he says. "Our directors, producers, writer and heads of story are now responsible for driving forward the creative process, in contrast to what happens at an executive-led studio where key executives are strongly suggesting, or in some cases, dictating the direction a film should go in."
A second shift came when Disney began empowering its creative leaders to take collective ownership of each other's films, making suggestions borne from their own experience about potential improvements.
"In this way, the creative leadership of any one film come to rely on the feedback and wisdom that other key creatives in the organisation are expected to give," says Millstein. "We call that the story trust, the group of writers, directors, heads of story who are responsible for helping deconstruct and rebuild each other's films, they have to give notes to their colleagues.
"It's a deep collaborative environment. Our creative leads throughout the studio will pivot to support each other, dropping what they're doing to help carry water on another film and the results are evident.
"You've got to see the films' progression creatively from Tangled to Wreck It Ralph, Frozen and Big Hero 6. In the past, the expectation that this should happen was never established. Often, films were produced simultaneously and there may have been more of a competitive ethos than one of collective ownership. Today, they are not competing with each other."
Millstein also credits the new collaborative approach with the success of Frozen. “Getting the film to where it was ultimately released depended on the collective approach,” he says. “There was again a holistic ownership and participation in the creative process. There was the willingness to modify scenes late in the game.
“There was the focus on holding onto certain scenes not knowing what the lead-up would be to those scenes. So there was deep collective participation and creative risk-taking and an incessant focus on elevating the film every step along the way.
“But it also had to do with the universal themes of the film, the twists and turns in the story-telling, which were very surprising, the music, the look of the film, which was very beautiful. Together it all adds up to great cinema. The film itself with its universal appeal, beauty and surprising entertainment made it work for every country and every culture in the world.”
As for the idea that allegedly saved Big Hero 6, Millstein still isn't letting on who made it. "I don't know who made the suggestion,” he says. “It doesn't matter now. We all work together."
Can Disney's new way of working succeed outside the Magic Kingdom? What are the power and pitfalls of collaborative creation? Do let me know your views.
NASA and Nissan have teamed up in order to develop futuristic autonomous vehicles, which will navigate urban environments or the surface of Mars.
MOSCOW, January 10 (Sputnik), Ekaterina Blinova — NASA and Nissan have combined their efforts in order to create new series of autonomous vehicles, which will navigate both urban environments and drive across Mars.
"The automaker and the space agency announced a five-year partnership today that will see their engineers working together to develop the robo-cars of tomorrow. The R&D effort, much of which will occur in Silicon Valley, could yield technology that will be put to use in passenger vehicles here on Earth and rovers on distant planets," Wired reported.
New autonomous zero-emission cars will be developed on the base of the Nissan Leaf design. Researches from NASA and Nissan will work together at NASA's Ames Research Center in Silicon Valley.
"The partnership brings together the best and brightest of NASA and Nissan and validates our investments in Silicon Valley," said Nissan Chief Executive Carlos Ghosn, as quoted by Fox News.
Wired points out that Nissan "has a lot to teach NASA" about autonomous vehicles; the car manufacturer has already tested automobiles that can autonomously navigate urban areas. These "smart" cars can cope with complex urban environments and its "countless variables," such as pedestrians, cyclists, constructions, trucks and etc., the magazine stresses.
"This is a perfect blend of the capability of what the robotics folks at NASA Ames have and the autonomy that we bring," says Maarten Sierhuis, the director of Nissan's Silicon Valley research center, as cited by Wired.
On the other hand, the challenges NASA's rovers and Nissan's autonomous vehicles face are similar. However, NASA needs a vehicle to travel across a distant planet with its rocks, sands and unpredictable hindrances.
"The more we look at it, the more there are a lot of similarities there. We have a rover on Mars. It is not very autonomous. As we go deeper into space, into more and more dangerous locations, we need to add that autonomy," stressed Pete Worden, director of the Ames Research Center, as quoted by the magazine.
The new sophisticated autonomous technologies, developed by the partners, will ensure safety of passengers and cargo and can even replace a human driver. The idea of driverless vehicles gained popular traction among such automakers and Silicon Valley giants, such as Japanese Toyota Motor Corp., American manufacturers General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Co. and Google Inc., Fox News emphasizes.
However, some people express deep concerns regarding autonomous cars safety. Referring to the results of the latest poll, the Telegraph points out that almost 50 percent of Britons declined to be passengers in driverless cars, citing safety issues, while 16 percent said they felt "horrified" by "the notion of unmanned vehicles driving on British roads." At the same time the question remains as to who would be responsible in a collision with an autonomous car and who would be obligated to pay for the damage.
Getty Images
For an evolutionary biologist, homosexuality is something of a puzzle. It's a common trait, found in up to 10% of the population. It appears to be run in families, suggesting that it is hereditary, at least in part. And yet it defies the very reason why traits are passed on from generation to generation. How could something that hinders childbearing be passed down so frequently from parents to children?
Researchers at the National Institute for Mathematical and Biological Synthesis (NIMBioS) think they may have an answer. It's not in written in our DNA sequence itself, they suggest, which explains why scientists have failed so far to find “gay genes,” despite intensive investigations. Instead, it's written in how our genes are expressed: that is, in certain modifications to how and when DNA is activated. These changes can have environmental roots, so are not normally permanent enough to be passed from parent to child. But occasionally, they are.
MORE: Of God and Gays and Humility
“It's not genetics. It's not DNA. It's not pieces of DNA. It's epigenetics,” says Sergey Gavrilets, a NIMBioS researcher and an author on the paper that outlines the new theory of homosexuality, published in The Quarterly Review of Biology. “The hypothesis we put forward is based on epigenetic marks,” he says.
To be specific, the new theory suggests that homosexuality is caused by epigenetic marks, or “epi-marks,” related to sensitivity to hormones in the womb. These are compounds that sit on DNA and regulate how active, or inactive certain genes are, and also control when during development these genes are most prolific. Gavrilets and his colleagues believe that gene expression may regulate how a fetus responds to testosterone, the all-important male sex hormone. They further argue that epi-marks may help to buffer a female fetus from high levels of testosterone by suppressing receptors that respond to testosterone, for example, (thus ensuring normal fetal development even in the presence of a lot of testosterone) or to buffer a male fetus from low levels of testosterone by upregulating receptors that bind to the hormone (ensuring normal fetal development even in the absence of high levels of testosterone). Normally, these epi-marks are erased after they are activated, but if those marks are passed down to the next generation, the same epi-marks that protected a man in utero may cause oversensitivity to testosterone among his daughters, and the epi-marks that protected a woman in utero may lead to undersensitivity to testosterone among her sons.
MORE: New Volleys in the Gay Parenting Wars
Gavrilets says that some scientists have already expressed “strong interest” in new experiments that will test the hypothesis, attempting to estimate how often such epi-marks may arise among men and women, and how often they are saved from one generation to the next. The work might also explain the extent to which epi-marks can influence sexual behavior. While experimental evidence is lacking for now, Gavrilets says he is reasonably confident that the theory is sound.
“It's compatible with the [existing] data. Plus it's supported by mathematical modeling,” he says.
The new theory is important because it synthesizes well-tested and well-developed evolutionary principles with cutting-edge research in molecular biology and biological computation. Epigenetics is not a new concept exactly, but the field has exploded within the past decade. Where once it seemed that genes and environment were distinct, or that nature and nurture were distinct, now it seems clear that environment itself may change the ways in which our genes function – even though the genes themselves are essentially fixed over time, barring occasional mutations, and conserved across generations.
MORE: Do Children of Same Sex Parents Really Fare Worse?
For now, the work is still controversial. Gavrilets says he and his colleagues have been criticized both by conservatives, who weren't happy with people searching for a biological basis to homosexuality, and by some in the gay and lesbian community, who feel they shouldn't require a scientific investigation to justify who they are.
“It's been a controversial topic,” Gavrilets says. “There is a lot of misconception in the world about the topic of homosexuality.” Still, he says, “One of the roles of science is to clear up misconceptions, to explain different phenomena or different patterns.”
Keane could become the latest academy graduate to leave Manchester United as the club has failed to agree terms on a new contract, according to the Daily Mail.
The reports also suggest that Paul Pogba has actually recommended Keane to Juventus' scouts.
Keane was named the Jimmy Murphy Young Player of the Year in 2010 after a great season and up until suffering a cruciate ligament injury on England duty in 2012, Keane was prolific for United's Reserves and a crucial player in the 2011 FA Youth Cup success.
Sir Alex Ferguson said he was going to name Keane in the 2012/13 senior squad and take him on the pre-season tour before he was struck down with injury.
Since a season long lay-off, Keane has struggled to have a real impact on loan at QPR and these reports suggest he could follow the likes of Paul Pogba, Mats Moller Daehli and Ezekiel Fryers out of the club.
The buzz around 18-year-old James Wilson right now is what Keane had when he was scoring goals for fun and if he does leave United, it will be yet another promising youngster from the 2011 FA Youth Cup triumph who leaves United without breaking into the first team properly.
Desert winds blew through the sides of the makeshift tent, bringing dust and some relief from the heat to the soldiers inside at this Iraqi Army staging area 45 miles north of Baghdad.
They were in an optimistic mood: After two days of shelling fighters of the self-declared Islamic State (IS) group in Al Safra village, a few miles to the east, that morning they had begun their ground advance.
Fighting was still under way, they said, the route riddled with explosives, and snipers still active. But victory appeared inevitable, the white flags flying from rooftops a welcome sign.
“I am 80 percent confident we will keep defeating the enemy ... and retake all the places captured by IS,” says Lt. Mohamed Kadhim, a cleanshaven Shiite from Baghdad's Sadr City district who carries a star on each epaulet and a considered poise.
Its bid to retake territory from IS is but a slice of the huge task awaiting Iraq's Army across the country after an embarrassing string of retreats this summer in the face of advancing jihadist forces. In battle after battle, IS fighters showed discipline, organization, and a willingness to sacrifice their lives.
But the Iraqi Army, trained and armed by the United States at the cost of $25 billion, betrayed few of those qualities. If the Army is to serve as a vital ally of the US in its campaign to “degrade and ultimately destroy” IS, first comes the monumental challenge of building a resourceful fighting force, motivated by a belief in its cause and led by a charismatic and brave officer corps.
“An army is an awful lot more than equipment and some sort of training,” says Charles Heyman, a British military analyst who has followed Iraq for years and edited the book series “The Armed Forces of the European Union.”
“It needs something deep down inside of it to draw from when the chips are down. [It] needs people who get up and say, ‘Follow me, boys,' and that's what's lacking” in Iraq, says Mr. Heyman, noting that quality officers are spread too thin and there's a “lack of middle management.”
Iraqi soldiers “are as brave and as motivated, if you get it right, as anybody else, but they lack that leadership across the board,” Heyman says.
The lessons learned in Iraq from the last four months of constant frontline contact with IS forces may prove invaluable as President Obama prosecutes his anti-IS campaign, which has expanded to include airstrikes against IS targets in Syria and has since brought in new members from Europe and the Arab world.
On the ground in Iraq, the fight has revealed much about IS tactics, strengths, and weaknesses, even as its lightning advance this summer starkly exposed the long list of the needs of Iraqi forces – from more helicopters to communications gear to yet more training – if they are to regroup and fight back.
Units' fortunes are mixed
At this windblown staging post, the young men's optimism for Iraq's battle against IS may have been warranted, an early sign that the Iraqi Army, trained and equipped by the US, is beginning to reverse the failures of June. Back then, divisions disintegrated before the advance of far smaller jihadist forces, leaving nearly a third of Iraq under IS control.
Now, only days later, these soldiers reported that they were in Al Safra village, had “cut all IS logistics,” and were continuing their advance in Diyala Province.
But that battlefield-eye view can also be deceptive, as Iraq's security forces, Kurdish peshmerga, and Shiite militias all engage IS on dozens of front lines across northern and western Iraq.
Even as Kadhim's Fifth Division was making progress, other Iraqi units were in deep trouble.
On Sept. 21, for example, an Iraqi counterterrorism operation failed to break a week-long IS siege of the Saqlawiya base north of Fallujah, Iraq. Instead, five IS suicide bombers masquerading as the rescuers – one of them driving a troop carrier and one a Humvee, both packed with explosives and detonated inside the base – ended the stalemate in scenes of bloody chaos. Witnesses say hundreds were killed. The battalion headquarters was lost.
In a first shake-up of the military's top brass, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi recently ordered the retirement of two of the Army's top commanders. They were loyalists of the former Shiite premier, Nouri al-Maliki, long accused of undermining Army readiness by appointing incompetent loyalists to high ranks and using the Army to target restless Sunni regions – actions that helped feed popular support for IS.
Mr. Abadi has promised more inclusive rule, and more purging of top ranks is expected. But damage has been severe to a military force struggling to save itself. The previous week, US aircraft targeted IS positions 20 miles southwest of Baghdad in their first foray near the capital.
“If [IS fighters] were not making progress, the Americans would not have struck them,” says Hisham al-Hashimi, an Iraqi security analyst in Baghdad.
Mr. Hashimi describes a well-organized fighting machine in which 300 to 350 IS fighters per group are currently fighting on 33 fronts in Iraq, in six different provinces.
He estimates that there are more than 10,000 active IS fighters in Iraq, with a further 12,000 to 15,000 in Syria. The US Central Intelligence Agency recently upgraded its own figures to a range of 20,000 to 31,500 in IS.
Iraqi military and intelligence sources calculate that IS occupied 32 percent of Iraqi territory from early June. Since US airstrikes began in early August, that percentage slipped to roughly 28 percent in late September.
Four necessary elements
Hashimi says four indispensable elements are required to defeat IS: US airstrikes, special units to target the IS leadership, Iraqi forces fighting alongside Kurdish peshmerga, and the participation of local Sunnis.
The backbone will be the recasting of Iraq's own military forces. Iraqis are long-used to bad news from Iraq's front lines – from the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s to the 1990-91 Kuwait misadventure to the toppling of Saddam Hussein in 2003, and the sectarian bloodletting and insurgency unleashed by the US occupation.
The billions of dollars invested by Washington to forge a new Iraqi Army, some 270,000-strong on paper, was meant to change that narrative. Yet Iraqi officers and soldiers describe instances of neglect and mismanagement, of low morale and levels of unpreparedness, that have enabled IS to make dramatic gains with shock assaults and far fewer numbers.
“We have a shortage of helicopters,” says Mohamed (he declined to give his last name), an Iraqi helicopter gunner whose Russian-made Mi-17 has inserted Special Forces units into hot spots, such as the Baiji oil refinery and Tikrit, and has evacuated families from areas besieged by the jihadists.
IS attacked his bird “every time” during such operations, and “even our helicopters are very tired” after often flying far beyond their maintenance range of 600-plus miles, he says.
Mohamed's flight crews are waiting for 25 to 30 more Russian-made Mi-28 attack helicopters, which have been on order from Russia since 2012.
Mohamed says he'll never forget the thick-bearded fighter who took on his helicopter with only an AK-47 assault rifle, leaping down from a high perch and shooting all the while, just like in the movies. Mohamed shot him dead at just 30 yards.
In yet another story of exceptional resilience, one IS sniper was found strapped high up among telephone poles in such a way that he would not have to leave his post. He was fed by an intravenous tube and was wearing a diaper; he apparently kept Iraqi units, which could not see him, at bay for two days in Garma. He died from a small shrapnel wound to the neck.
“These people have a very tough ideology and very good training. For them it's a battle between infidels and believers, and all against them are infidels,” says Mohamed, who has a degree in Islamic science. The American airstrikes “help us a lot. But if there is a real US troop intervention it will be a big problem; [the anti-US insurgency] will fire up again.”
There is no shortage of determination, if Kadhim's advancing soldiers are any measure. He says the Army has changed tactics to fight IS and now fields cheaper and faster pickup trucks mounted with heavy machine guns – just like IS and some Shiite militias.
“We will not leave this country to IS,” says Maythem Jassim Allawi, a Sunni soldier from Fallujah, whose brother, a first lieutenant, was killed fighting IS seven months ago. Their Fifth Division is now the strongest in Iraq, he says, because “we stand and fight all this time.”
“We were shocked when they moved toward Baghdad,” adds soldier Mohamed Ahmed, from Diyala Province, “and they were shocked when they saw us, because we stopped them.”
Sectarian frictions
But not all Iraqi units have been so lucky, and the learning curve is steep. These Fifth Division soldiers joke good-naturedly about their own ethnic and cultural diversity, with a handful of Shiites, an eager Sunni, and a thoughtful Kurd all in one tent.
They attribute the collapse of other divisions to sectarian frictions and poor leadership. The Second Division's Sunni commanders from Tikrit, for example, simply left when the Sunni extremists attacked.
Other divisions had not been trained long enough or well enough to fight an enemy “exaggerated to the size of monsters” by the news media, they say, and panicked at first contact. Iraqi soldiers also speak of poor leadership and being sent to fight under-
equipped and with little incentive to engage.
Just south of Mosul, for example, is the remote patch of desert where another Iraqi captain first experienced battle with IS fighters. He was deployed last spring to protect oil pipelines from smugglers as part of a unit that – like his entire freshly minted division, he says – was not yet qualified to fight. What followed was a military debacle.
The eight-year veteran with a slight build was given two platoons with 30 soldiers each – many in the military just a few months. When IS was about to attack, they were reinforced with 15 more.
“They had come from training camps, and couldn't hit a target with a Kalashnikov at 10 yards,” recalls the captain, who asked not to be named. The guns were old and the unit had no radios, so it had to rely on mobile phones to reach superiors. It had two Humvees and a 60mm mortar with just three rounds.
As IS advanced, at night the Iraqi soldiers received orders to withdraw to join the next largest unit, and did so by foot across the desert, IS mortar fire chasing them all the way. Arriving at battalion headquarters they came under immediate attack and called for support.
“There was none,” recalls the captain. They were then ordered to withdraw further, to join the far larger mass of troops at Speicher base. IS attacked soon after their arrival, and his soldiers were ordered to take a 15-day leave by division top brass new to the job. The captain left early enough, but many did not: IS claims it caught 1,700 Iraqi soldiers and massacred them.
Amazed by incompetence
The captain's next brush with IS told him even more about their capabilities – and the shortcomings of the Army. Transferred to a new division, he was sent west to Ramadi. He was placed with a cobbled-together unit and ordered to liberate a village, emptied of residents, that had become an IS stronghold and been shelled by Iraqi artillery for days. Three days later the attack failed.
“The Iraqi Army was shelling with 155mm rounds, but it did not affect IS at all because it was random,” the captain, still amazed at the incompetence, says in his Baghdad home while recovering from shrapnel wounds he sustained in the battle.
“But [IS fighters] use two mortars, wound three and kill one, and knock out several vehicles. The enemy has the map and knows exactly where they are shooting.”
Officers lament that too many in uniform are there only to draw their paychecks, not to fulfill a national mission to protect and defend Iraq.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Sure, we could have stopped IS from making so many advances ... if we had decided to fight,” says the wounded Iraqi captain, noting the value of air support – or any backup at all.
“If there is very close support for you, you won't die. You will stand and fight and not give up so many casualties,” says the captain. “I am disappointed because the Army doesn't have real faith to protect the country.”
In 1885, Austin, Texas was terrorized by a serial killer known as the Servant Girl Annihilator. The murderer was never actually found, but he claimed eight victims, mostly black servant girls, all attacked in the dark of night. The very, very dark night of Austin in 1885.
Back then, once night fell, Austin had only moonlight. The city had no outdoor lighting until 1894, when Austin decided to buy more moonlight, in the form of towers.
They were fifteen stories tall, each crowned with a circle of six lights, soaring way up above the city.
Austin wasn't the first to implement “tower lighting.” In the 1800s, several major cities had tall arc towers, including New York, Baltimore, Los Angeles, and San Jose. Detroit, however, had the largest tower lighting system in the country, and that's where Austin bought their 31 moonlight towers from.
The height of the Moonlight Towers was a means of accomodating the lighting technology at the time: carbon arc light, a precursor to the incandescent bulb.
Arc lights are essentially a continued spark between two carbon electrodes. They are extremely bright and produce a lot of glare — the sort of thing you use in a searchlight. Arc lights at street level would be blinding, so municipalities put the lights up high in order to spread the glare out.
Still, even on their high tower, arc lights were tremendously bright. Their light would be harsh by modern standards, but they were an especially stark contrast to gas lamps. A gas lamp has the power of about 15 candles. An arc light has the power of a couple thousand.
Arc lights were so bright that people would actually bring out umbrellas at night in order to shield themselves from the glare. The lights also buzzed loudly like a swarm of bees, and as the carbons burned, they would drop shreds of burning ash on the people below.
Still, arc lights were exciting. They transformed the experience of being in a city at night. People spoke of seeing the grass in a totally different way, and people loved to look at their hands under the arc light. Urban dwellers could see the world — as it were — in a whole new light.
The night lights also made people feel safer. There was even speculation that the streetlight could eliminate the need for law enforcement entirely. Moonlight towers were sometimes nicknamed “policemen on a pole.”
At the same time, citizens were also concerned about what it meant for darkness to disappear. Might the towers cause sleeplessnes? Would crops overproduce and hens overlay? Might cities be inviting a scourge of crickets?
However, the biggest problem with the towers was that their height made them difficult to maintain. The arcs burned down the carbon electrodes quickly, and they had to be changed once a day. Maintenance men would pull themselves up the tall towers on a dumbwaiter-like apparatus to go change the carbon electrodes every single day.
By the 1920s, Austin replaced the carbon arc lights with dimmer, more easily-maintained incandescent bulbs. Most other cities had already removed their moonlight towers at that point, but Austin couldn't afford to tear theirs down. The towers remained, and to this day, seventeen of the original 31 survive. The last of the moonlight towers.
Now, without the carbon arc lights, moonlight towers have a kind of weak and distant glow. They're easy to ignore. Unless you're watching the Richard Linklater film, Dazed and Confused.
Dazed and Confused is set in Austin in 1976. In the movie, a bunch of kids party and drive around until they all gather, at the end, by a moonlight tower. Some of them even climb up the moon tower.
In real life, moonlight towers would be really difficult to climb. Which is why, for this scene, Richard Linklater made a fake moonlight tower that had a ladder instead of the central pulley apparatus. Also, it was nowhere near as tall as a real moonlight tower.
There came a point when Austin considered finally considered taking the old lights down, just like all the other cities had done, but eventually the towers were inducted into the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. Some of the towers even have plaques.
Because the moonlight towers are in the National Register of Historic Places, they have to be restored to their original form. They are repaired with custom-cast parts that look identical to the original moonlight towers, so that antiquated lights can keep their historic designation.
This specialized repair work comes at a hefty price, but Austinites are willing to put up the funds. The towers are a point of civic pride. Every year during the holidays, Austin Energy strings christmas lights from the moonlight tower in Zilker Park, and Austinites call that tower the Zilker park “tree.” Austin also hosts the Moontower Comedy Festival, and theres a local band called Moonlight Towers, and at a restaurant you can order a drink called a Moontower.
The towers have become part of the character and folklore of Austin. Including the legend of the Servant Girl Annihilator. In truth, the servant girl murders were all over with years before talk of the moonlight towers ever came up, and there's no evidence directly linking the killer with the need for the towers.
Still, the Servant Girl Annihilator has become the genesis story that Austinites tell about these lights. Whether or not there is truly a direct connection, the story of the Servant Girl Annihilator does illustrate of the limitations of 19th century night time and describes how carbon arc streetlights were chasing away fear and darkness. A kind of darkness which we can't fathom in a city today.
New GHCN Version Cools The Past Even More
By Paul Homewood
GHCN have just released their latest Version 3.2 and guess what? Yes, that's right, they've cooled the past again, as the pink rash on the map shows.
Readers will recall that the previous version 3.1 was issued last November and produced a number of discrepancies that were never explained by GHCN, such as a large number of significant adjustments in the Arctic , nearly all of which cooled the past, thus creating a spurious warming trend.
They have now reworked some of their software, but instead of correcting these errors, they seem to have added to them.
So what is the overall effect of these changes? According to their technical log
How does this version of GHCN‐Monthly compare to the previous version? The September 2012 release of v3.2.0 has no effect on the unadjusted (raw) data and little effect on global temperature rankings based on the adjusted data. However, the century‐scale global land surface air temperature trend is higher using the adjusted v3.2.0 data. With v3.1.0, the adjusted annual global land surface air temperature trend for 1901‐2011 was 0.94°C/Century. Using data from version 3.2.0 this trend is 1.07°C/Century. The greatest differences between the two versions of the adjusted datasets are in the data for years prior to 1970. There is little difference in the global surface temperature trend during the 1979‐2011 period.
So the warming trend has just been increased by 0.13C/century. And remember this is on top of previous adjustments.
Let's just recap why, in theory, these adjustments are made. GHCN explain thus
Surface weather stations are frequently subject to minor relocations throughout their history of operation. Observing stations may also undergo changes in instrumentation as measurement technology evolves. Furthermore, observing practices may vary through time, and the land use/land cover in the vicinity of an observing site can be altered by either natural or man-made causes. Any such modifications to the circumstances behind temperature measurements have the potential to alter a thermometer's microclimate exposure characteristics or otherwise change the bias of measurements relative to those taken under previous circumstances. The manifestation of such changes is often an abrupt shift in the mean level of temperature readings that is unrelated to true climate variations and trends. Ultimately, these artifacts (also known as inhomogeneities) confound attempts to quantify climate variability and change because the magnitude of the artifact can be as large as or larger than the true background climate signal. The process of removing the impact of non-climatic changes in climate series is called homogenization, an essential but sometimes overlooked component of climate analysis.
So let's look at two of the discrepancies we identified in Version 3.1, where an artificial warming trend had been introduced, Alice Springs in Australia and Vestmannaeyja in Iceland. The new Version 3.2 still seems to produce the same discrepancies.
The graphs on the right hand side tell the story. The top graph gives the raw temperatures, while the middle one shows adjusted temperatures. The bottom one plots the value of the adjustment, with blue indicating temperatures have been adjusted down, and red up. Although the scale is not very clear, in both cases temperatures up to about 1940 have been cooled, and more recent ones increased.
This has resulted in an artificial warming trend of nearly 2C in Vestmanneyja, while the adjustment is even greater in Alice Springs.
Previous work on this topic has already proven that there is no justification for these adjustments and that the original record is reliable – see here and here.
If the new version has failed to correct such obvious errors from Version 3.1, can there be any confidence that Version 3.2 does not contain even more?
Advertisements
The hot news from Rio de Janeiro is that Rodolfo Vieira will likely go to train at American Top Team in Florida to focus on his upcoming move into MMA.
ATT co-founder Ricardo Liborio - who featured in a superfight at the ADCC World Submission Wrestling Championships in August - was reportedly impressed with Vieira's 99kg gold medal-winning performance in the tournament and extended an offer to train with his team.
GF Team founder Julio Cesar Pereira, Vieira's jiu-jitsu coach and the man who awarded the five-time IBJJF world champion his black belt, said he feels ATT would be a good place for Vieira to develop his MMA skills.
"He has the perfect game for MMA," says Pereira. "He likes to take them down and pass the guard. He just needs to adapt for the striking."
Pereira confirmed that Vieira has yet to sign a contract with any promotion.
A scout representing Japanese promotion Real Fight championship was spotted matside at ADCC and reportedly approached the 26-year-old, though no deal has yet been struck.
Vieira has talked of a switch to MMA since 2014 and participated in training sessions at Team Nogueira in Rio de Janeiro, a training center owned by twin brothers Antonio Rodrigo 'Minotauro' Nogueira and Antonio Rogerio 'Minotoro' Nogueira, UFC and Pride veterans.
Transportation Minister Todd Stone, right, helps unveil a plaque commemorating the 30th anniversary of the completion of the Coquihalla Highway | Province of B.C.
A plaque that commemorates the 30th anniversary of the Coquihalla Highway cost taxpayers $65,000 and understates the number of people that worked on the project, according to documents released under Freedom of Information.
The plaque, unveiled May 25 at the Britton Creek rest area, names Premier Christy Clark and Transport Minister Todd Stone, but none of those who were originally involved in the project. The expenditure required an urgent internal approval memo and the plaque's installers were imported from Edmonton at a premium.
Documents show that APS Architectural Precast Structures of Langley issued a $48,000 quote for the monument on April 6, but that did not include the bronze plaque or its delivery and installation. A day later, VSA Highway Maintenance estimated the total cost of the project would be $68,219.42. On April 25, the ministry issued an emergency/additional work approval for $65,000.
Planning was complicated by the 1 metre of snow on the site with banks in excess of 2 m. The plaque needed to be at least 3 m from the paved trail edge so as not to interfere with snow clearing in the winter, according to emails written by Shawn Clough, senior project manager, for the South Interior Region.
Installation was foreseen as early as May 10. The ministry settled on a May 26 unveiling date, but that was rescheduled for May 25 to accommodate federal officials. A May 9 email from Mike Lorimer, the ministry's regional director for the Southern Interior, to communications director Ryan Jabs said, “Ryan, we can do this, however the crew to install the plaque has to travel from Edmonton to do the installation. They will have to travel over the [Victoria Day] long weekend to do this work so we will incur a cost premium, but it can be done.”
Documents indicate that the plaque subcontractor was Behrends Group, an Edmonton-based bronze signage specialist hired by the Queen's Printer.
The plaque acknowledges “the hundreds of men and women who built this important connection.” But the provincial news release issued on May 25 said “over 10,000 workers contributed to the building of this project through some of the most challenging terrain in the province.”
The $848 million Fraser Valley-to-Okanagan highway was commemorated on the day it opened on May 16, 1986, with a plaque at Hope that named then-Premier Bill Bennett, Transport Minister Alex Fraser, MLA Tom Waterland and Hope Mayor Bud Gardner.
A connection to Kelowna opened four years later. Tolls were removed in 2008, in the lead-up to the 2009 provincial election.
Jordan Bateman, B.C. director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation, called the 30th anniversary plaque a “silly waste of money.”
“We don't need to be celebrating obscure anniversaries of public works projects,” Bateman said. “For the single mom scrimping and saving to pay taxes, to think that's where her money went that should be a great embarrassment to the Liberal government.”
Clark did not attend the event, but Stone did. He was joined by former Social Credit cabinet minister Bud Smith, currently chairman of the B.C. Lottery Corp. Stone also announced $17.6 million for the Box Canyon chain-up and chain-off site, for a fall 2017 completion.
SEN. JEFF FLAKE, an Arizona Republican, delivered an address to the U.S. Senate Tuesday that was profoundly eloquent in its diagnosis of the degradation that President Trump has brought to American politics. It was also profoundly depressing. If Republicans can be honest only after they have taken themselves out of the political arena — or if by being honest they disqualify themselves from future service — then their party and therefore the nation are in even graver trouble than we knew.
Mr. Flake had intended to run for reelection next year. But a book he published that criticized Mr. Trump made him vulnerable to a primary challenge. "It is clear at this moment that a traditional conservative who believes in limited government and free markets, who is devoted to free trade, and who is pro-immigration has a narrower and narrower path to nomination in the Republican Party," Mr. Flake said Tuesday. " It is also clear to me for the moment we have given in or given up on those core principles in favor of the more viscerally satisfying anger and resentment."
So Mr. Flake will not run in 2018 — and, liberated from political necessity, he offered a cogent lament for the State of the Union: "We must never meekly accept the daily sundering of our country — the personal attacks, the threats against principles, freedoms, and institutions; the flagrant disregard for truth or decency, the reckless provocations, most often for the pettiest and most personal reasons. . . . And when such behavior emanates from the top of our government, it is something else: It is dangerous to a democracy."
"None of this is normal," Mr. Flake said. "And what do we as United States senators have to say about it?"
The answer: not much. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) has been speaking up — after he, too, decided not to stand for reelection. A few others have shown some courage at times: Mr. Flake's fellow Arizonan, the indomitable John McCain; the independent- ­minded Susan Collins of Maine; Alaska's Lisa Murkowski. But given that Mr. Flake's fellow Republicans privately agree with much of what he had to say, the silence from his leaders and most of his colleagues is overpowering.
Will they be emboldened by Mr. Flake's candor — or chastened by his example? We fear the latter is more likely. Republicans who fancy themselves true conservatives, such as Mr. Flake, should stand up against Mr. Trump's noxious politics, as the senator implored on Tuesday. But they have to do more than that. They have to fashion an agenda and a political style that can compete successfully in primaries against Trumpism. Until they do, all the eloquence in the world will not be enough.
“You know who I'm talking about? Who am I talking about?” It was last February, and Donald Trump was at an outdoor rally in Madison, Alabama. “Nobody knows right now, because we've kept it a surprise: Senator Jeff Sessions!” There were ways in which Sessions's appearance was a surprise, at that point: few Republican elected officials at any level had endorsed Trump; that day in Alabama, his home state, Sessions became the first sitting senator to do so. Also, Sessions had been known as one of the few senators who could tolerate Senator Ted Cruz, who was still in contention and openly anticipated Sessions's support. But, in terms of policies, beliefs, and a capacity for bigotry, Sessions's endorsement of Trump, and his vigorous campaigning for him in the months that followed, should have been no surprise at all. Nor is the news, Friday morning, that Trump will nominate Sessions as his Attorney General. It is not any less dismaying, or potentially damaging.
What might be called the greatest racist hits attributed to Senator Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III have become well known: many such allegations emerged in 1986, when attempts to confirm him as a federal judge failed. There was the one about the time he said that he was fine with the Ku Klux Klan until he learned that its members smoked marijuana; the times he called a black lawyer who worked in his office when he was a United States Attorney in Alabama "boy," and said that he ought to watch how he spoke to “white folks”; his musing about whether a white lawyer who defended blacks was a disgrace to his race; his description of the A.C.L.U. and N.A.A.C.P. as “un-American” organizations. That last remark was one he actually defended at his confirmation hearings; the others he either said were jokes or claimed to not quite remember. That workaday racism should be, in rational times, enough on its own to scuttle his confirmation as Attorney General, or as the head of any large (or, really, small) bureaucracy filled with people whose talents Sessions is likely to misjudge and waste. But, given the particular responsibilities of the Department of Justice, which range from defending voting rights to oversight of the F.B.I., Sessions's appointment would be even more upsetting, and frankly dangerous, than those slurs suggest. He has a record of turning what some might be tempted to write off as personal bigotry into political action.
In 1984, certain Alabama officials apparently became persuaded that they had spotted an outrage: too many black people were voting, or maybe just for the wrong people. This was seen as an urgent problem in counties where actual democracy might mean black elected officials. A state prosecutor, Roy Johnson, began an investigation. He turned to Sessions, then the U.S. Attorney, to bring federal powers to bear. Their particular focus was on the most vulnerable voters: the elderly, particularly those in very rural areas, who might require help getting and filling out an absentee ballot. In a series of court cases, some brought by failed candidates, the secrecy of those ballots was breached. With Sessions's help, the F.B.I. was brought in. As Lani Guinier, who would help defend the investigations' targets, recounted in her book “Lift Every Voice,” “Dozens of F.B.I. agents made repeated visits to scores of rural shacks with no indoor plumbing,” where they “showed their badges and flashed a copy of each voter's ballot.” They would ask if anyone had helped them to vote, for whom they had voted, and if they could read and write. (Some couldn't.) These included people in their eighties, who had been children at the turn of the century and young adults at the time of the Klan's revival in the twenties. They were the ones who would have the chance to make their grandchildren less fearful. There was no similar inquiry into absentee ballots in white areas. Eventually, the prosecutors decided that there were fourteen suspicious ballots, and Sessions led the prosecution of three voter-registration activists who became known as the Marion Three. When the evidence was put before a jury in Selma, the Marion Three were quickly acquitted. (Other cases in the same drive ended in acquittals, plea bargains, or convictions on lesser charges.)
Later, when Johnson died, Sessions, by then a senator, praised him: “During the mid-nineteen-eighties, we worked together on the prosecution of three individuals for voter fraud in Perry County. The prosecution caused a great deal of furor locally and nationally. . . . The bond which we developed in that case was never broken.” There are many bonds, it seems, that Sessions has never broken. When one thinks about the Trump Presidency, one of the few reassurances is that Congress will have to face the voters in two years, and Trump will meet them again in four. But will there be a Justice Department that makes sure that everyone who has a right to vote gets to go to the polls?
Sessions helped elect Trump on Trump's terms. There were plenty of Trump sycophants on the campaign trail—Governor Chris Christie, of New Jersey, comes immediately to mind—but Sessions always had a slightly different air. He was more of a true believer, who always seemed to be looking up at Trump when they were standing together on the stage. When, in his endorsement speech in Madison, he said, “You know, nobody is perfect. We can't have everything, can we, Mr. Trump?,” Sessions spoke as if he was confessing his own inadequacy. He continued by saying that, “at this point in American history, we need to”—here he paused, reached into his inner suit pocket, and pulled out a red hat—“Make America Great Again!” He put the hat on; he did that at a lot at rallies, where one indication of his minionhood was his regular role as the warmup to the warmup, introducing
There, and in his solo appearances, Sessions's areas were immigration and desperation. At rallies from Arizona to New Hampshire, he called Trump the “last chance” for a “lawful” system of immigration, the “last opportunity we have for the people's voice to be heard,” exhorting supporters, “If we don't fix the broken immigration system now, it will not be fixed!”—suggesting that otherwise everything would be overrun. At a rally in Maine, he said, “This is a huge choice,” and added, in response to shouts from the crowd, “ ‘Build that wall' is right!” (He also depicted Obama as a lawless dictator, declaring, “We have sat by and allowed a President with a pen” to run the country.) In the Senate, Sessions has put his fears into practice by working to block immigration reform. (He also voted against criminal-justice reform, against repealing the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the military, against strengthening the ban on torture, and for defunding Planned Parenthood.)
But not all immigrants are alike to Jeff Sessions. Not all Americans are, either. Even before Sessions endorsed Trump, he was out defending his call for a ban, temporary or not, on Muslims entering the country. “Their faith commands them to do these things,” he said, last December. “So I think it's appropriate to begin to discuss this,” and Trump, he said, “has forced that discussion.” The next summer, when Trump reaffirmed his antipathy for Muslim immigration in a major speech, Sessions told CNN's Dana Bash, “We respect your religion in this country. We will defend your right to free exercise of religion, but a person with an ideology that goes beyond normal religion, that believes you can kill gays, that kills people who change their view about the religion they have—that is a dangerous thing, and we do not have to admit people like that.” Will we now have a Justice Department that, in its defense of the First Amendment (and a few other Amendments as well), is only interested in what Sessions considers a “normal religion”? The judgment seems to extend unto generations: when Bash noted that the criminals in cases Sessions cited had been born in the United States, he added, “Well, their parents came here with an ideology, and it seemed to have impacted them.”
The worst aspects of Sessions are, in other words, entirely in keeping with the expressed plans of the President-elect who wants him to be his chief lawman. And they form a potentially toxic synergy with others who have been or are expected to be named to the Trump Administration, such as Stephen Bannon, the new chief strategist who once led Breitbart News, a clearinghouse for white-nationalist, misogynist, and anti-Muslim rhetoric, and the retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has been known to tweet out Breitbart stories along with imprecations about the dangers of Muslims—and is now expected to become Trump's national-security adviser, the person the President turns to when he considers things like bombing another country. On Thursday, as Sessions emerged, glowing, from a meeting in Trump Tower, he called Bannon a “powerful intellect.” The potential coöperation between Flynn and Sessions, when it comes to the use of tools like domestic surveillance and the indefinite-detention practices perpetuated at Guantánamo Bay, is more than alarming. Flynn's job doesn't require Senate confirmation. Sessions's does. That body is controlled by the G.O.P. This is an opportunity to find out if, as we've sometimes heard, there are still two Republican parties. Or is there only one, which has signed on for everything Trump threatens and promises—and that Sessions, adjusting the red hat on his head, eagerly gobbles up.
OKLAHOMA CITY – An Oklahoma doctor is facing five counts of second-degree murder in connection to the deaths of several patients.
On Friday, Oklahoma Attorney General Mike Hunter charged Dr. Regan Nichols with five counts of second-degree murder in connection to the deaths of five patients during her time at a Midwest City Clinic.
According to the probable cause affidavit, Nichols knowingly prescribed controlled dangerous substances to patients without a legitimate need and in quantities that are considered dangerous.
“Our investigation has revealed that during a period of approximately five years, Dr. Nichols prescribed extremely large quantities of controlled substances in suspect combinations, including the most abused and sought after prescription drugs on the street, to numerous patients with very little medical examination or the establishment of a valid doctor-patient relationship and for no legitimate medical need. During this same time period, ten (10) patients have died from overdoses of the very same drugs she was prescribing in massive doses,” the probable because affidavit states.
Agents say they found five individuals who died after being prescribed more than 1,800 opioid pills in the same months as their deaths.
The Oklahoma Medical Examiner's Office determined that all five deaths were the result of multi-drug toxicity.
Three of the five individuals were prescribed a deadly combination of a narcotic opioid pain reliever, an anti-anxiety drug, and a muscle relaxer.
Data gathered by the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics indicates that from Jan. 1, 2010 to Oct. 7, 2014, Nichols prescribed in excess of 3 million dosage units of controlled dangerous substances.
In 2015, Nichols was stripped of her ability to prescribe controlled dangerous substances.
“I appreciate the effort from everyone who worked as a team and put this case together,” Attorney General Hunter said. “The dangers associated with opioid drugs have been well documented and most doctors follow strict guidelines when prescribing opioids to their patients. Nichols prescribed patients, who entrusted their well-being to her, a horrifyingly excessive amount of opioid medications. Nichols' blatant disregard for the lives of her patients is unconscionable.”
Most Marvel Cinematic Universe fans will agree: Anthony and Joe Russo have been game-changers for the frnachise. The directing duo made the jump from TV comedies like Arrested Development and Community to completely transforming the Captain America movie franchise with the highly-acclaimed Captain America: The Winter Soldier. After that, they made one biggest MCU event films yet, with Captain America: Civil War, and look to up their own game with Avengers: Infinity War next year.
While Infinity War is in post-production, The Russos are already back on set shooting Avengers 4 - but a new report indicates that it could be their final MCU movie.
Josh Brolin will be playing Avengers 3 and 4 archvillain Thanos, and while out promoting his harrowing new film Only the Brave (Read our review HERE), Brolin may have inadvertently revealed to Collider that the Russos plans to leave the MCU after Avengers 4:
"...I think that they're in a position very openly and raw-ly where they're like, ‘We would never do this again. This is a one-time deal. To put this many successful actors together is such a pain in the ass, but it's been worth it. We're doing two movies. One back to back, and this is it for us. Then we'll go off in another direction,' but this is a very, very, very ambitious project that I think is going to pay off in a big way.”
If that is indeed the plan, then fans should definitely give the filmmakers their collective blessing to move on. The Russos have lasted longer in the franchise than any other directors, and (as of writing this) the consistently of their critical and box office success has only been matched by James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy films. By the time Avengers 4 is in theaters, the brothers will have added pulling off the biggest event films ever in movies to their respective resumes. If that doesn't earn you some a graceful retirement from the Marvel machine, what does?
Avengers: Infinity War will be in theaters on May 4th, 2018; Avengers 4 (official title TBD) will be in theaters on May 3, 2019.
I celebrate Judge Richard J Leon's opinion that the government's mass collection of communications metadata is "almost Orwellian", and I decry Judge William H Pauley III's decision that the NSA's collection is both effective and legally perfectly peachy.
But I worry that the judges, as well as many commentators and Edward Snowden himself, may be debating on the wrong plane. I see some danger in arguing the case as a matter of privacy because I fear that could have serious impact on our concept of knowledge, of what is allowed to be known and thus of freedom of speech. Instead, I think this is an argument about authority – not so much what government (or anyone else) is allowed to know but what government, holding unique powers, is allowed to do with what it knows.
Indeed, the Fourth Amendment, which is often called upon in this argument, is explicitly about controlling authority:
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
In the search for a legally protected right to privacy in the United States, begun with Brandeis and Warren in 1890, the Fourth Amendment has been interpreted as affording privacy protection as have the First Amendment (freedom of belief) and the Fifth (freedom against self-incrimination). In each case, though, the right is not so much for something – privacy – as against something – namely, government abuse.
Yet we continue to hold the NSA debate around whether communications metadata is public or private. In the past, such data was presumed to be public because once it was known by a third party, it could no longer be claimed as private. The information on an envelope – metadata to the contents inside: sender and recipient – must be known by a third parties along the way, mail carriers and sorters, to get to its destination. So it is not private. This same theory was applied to the telephone as the phone company has to know who's placing and who's receiving a call to complete it. Thus the government says it can seek such public information without affecting privacy.
Judge Leon argues, with insight, that scale affects the revelatory impact of metadata as we now use phones to do so much more than make calls:
Put simply, people in 2013 have an entirely different relationship with phones than they did 34 years ago.... Records that once would have revealed a few scattered tiles of information about a person now reveal an entire mosaic– a vibrant and constantly updating picture of the person's life.
Yes, but my fear with Leon's argument is that once we we say some amount of data is too much to have, then we will end up debating the line around too much knowledge and that is a line I never want to see drawn. If we start to say that bad things can happen merely if knowledge exists, then too soon we fall into the trap of controlling the extent of knowledge – who may know what and how much they may know and thus who may say what to whom. That is the basis of censorship and ultimately tyranny.
I also fear the impact of Leon's argument on the notion of "publicness". Once knowledge is public, it becomes a public good and the person who put it there does not gain the right to somehow withdraw it because of who ends up holding it or what they may do with it. This is why I object to European Commission Vice-President Viviane Reding's notion of a right to be forgotten – for that gives someone the right to tell others what they may not know. I also object to the idea that there should be a presumption of privacy in public, for that would harm the journalist's – that is to say, anyone's – ability to report on what they witness in public, especially acts by public officials. It could also affect the ability of researchers to collect data and find unforseen connections and correlations.
Think of privacy this way: when I tell you something about myself, that fact is then public to that extent. What happens to it is now out of my hands; it is in yours. Thus, in Public Parts, I defined privacy as an ethic of knowing someone else's information (and whether sharing it further could harm someone) and publicness as an ethic of sharing your own information (and whether doing so could help someone).
When I researched Public Parts, Danah Boyd sat me down and explained how I should understand the gathering versus the use of information:
Privacy isn't just about controlling the access to information but controlling how it's used, how it's interpreted.... If you walk into my office applying for a job, with one quick look I'm going to be able to get a decent sense of your gender, your race, your age.
Antidiscrimination law doesn't forbid her from knowing these bits of information about me. Instead, it forbids her from using them against me in hiring. Of course, she could still deny me the job because of my gray hair. But if she is caught in a pattern of discriminating against applicants on the basis of age, she can be sued.
boyd pointed out an important consequence of restricting use: "If you can't use the information, it makes a lot less sense to try to find ways to access it."
So what we should be restricting – with legislation and open oversight by courts, Congress, the press, and ultimately the people – is the NSA's ability to seek and use information against anyone (citizen or foreigner) without documented suspicion of a crime, due process, and a legal warrant. But don't we already have that: isn't that what the Fourth Amendment prescribes? Well, of course, this is how we end up arguing whether collection of every bit of information my phone provides – whom I talk with and where I go and what I do when – is just collecting data or is the equivalent of searching me or surveilling my every move. Government should not be able to ask for that information unless it has due and just cause to. That surveillance of the innocent is government's overreach of its authority.
But next we end up asking whether that data should be stored anywhere – whether government can decree that phone or internet or credit card companies should hold onto data so government could ask for it. That, I believe, should be governed by a separate set of principles, consumer principles that consider the benefits and risks to me for allowing such data to be held and that give me transparency into what is being done and reasonable control over it. That does not and cannot mean that I can exercise full control over any data to which I'm a party, for data is produced by interactions among parties, each of whom has interests and rights.
We should have this discussion on a level of principles. The best example of that: if our First Class mail carried by the US Postal Service is protected from government search except with a warrant, then all our private communication – by email, direct message, chat, Skype, or any invention to come – should receive similar protection. If metadata at a large scale – phone data – is problematic for government to hold, then shouldn't there be limits on it at a small scale, including the Post Office (which is now photographing and logging every item it handles)? The problem is that these laws and cases were written to a technology – physical mail or POTS -- when they should be written to a principle.
It is also important not to presume that metadata – or Big Data – is bad and dangerous any more than it is right to assume that technology is bad just because it could be misused. I enter into a transaction with Google's Waze allowing it to know where I live and work so I can get the traffic between those points every day. I allow Google to retain my searches (it's easy to use incognito mode instead) because I value more personally relevant search results. I have been arguing that my local newspaper should gather signals about me as Google does so it could give me less noise and more relevance. I understand that Target has to communicate my debit card and pin data to complete a transaction but I expect them to hold that information securely. I also think that my cancer hospital, Sloan-Kettering, should collect data about how many penises, including mine, still function properly after prostate surgery there because that information and associated metadata about surgeons and age and other conditions could be valuable to the patients who follow. Of course, I expect that data to be held anonymously.
Each of these transactions enables the collection and use of data but is governed by sets of principles that take into account the transactors' interests and rights and responsibilities, and those principles should be made public so customers can make decisions based on them. (See Doc Searls' vendor relationship management as an attempt to codify that.)
Government's access to that data must be determined, in turn, by a separate and much more stringent set of laws born of the principles set forth in the Bill of Rights and built with the knowledge that government has the means to use our information against us, in secret. Does the NSA's mass collection, analysis, and use of communications metadata violate the Fourth Amendment? I think it does because it acts as surveillance over innocent citizens, treating all of us as criminals in government's dragnet without probable cause or due process. Or as Jay Rosen puts it: "My liberty is being violated because 'someone has the power to do so should they choose.' Thus: It's not privacy; it's freedom."
Privacy is important. It needs protection. But the primary issue here isn't privacy. Nor is it the existence of any technology or of data. The issue with the NSA in all its activities revealed by Edward Snowden – not just the collection of phone metadata but also the wholesale hoovering of communication on the internet, the creation of backdoors in technology and other efforts to subvert security, the spying on other nations' officials and companies – is government overreach and the absence of oversight. I am less concerned with what government knows about me than what we don't know about government.
We've already delved into the sadness that is those newish luxury condo buildings now sitting empty because they couldn't quite avoid the market bust. And apparently it's hard to concentrate on paying the bills when you're an unhappy, lonely ghost tower. According to a report being released this afternoon by Right to the City-NYC, a coalition of community groups, there are 138 new condo buildings that owe the city a total of $3.8 million in back taxes. All together, these buildings include 4,092 empty housing units and haven't paid property, water, or sewer taxes for more than a year. The Right to the City folks want the city to take the buildings back through tax foreclosure or eminent domain and turn them into affordable housing.
How would this shake out on a 'hood-by-'hood basis? The report looked at neighborhoods with significant low-income populations, and the Lower East Side has the largest number of delinquent buildings, with 1,187 empty units owing $1,978,304 in back taxes. In second place is DoBro, with 829 empty units and $1,015,677 owed in taxes. It's not the first time the empty condos-to-affordable housing suggestion's been floated, but will the tax data give it any more momentum?
· Low-Income NY'ers & Elected Officials Call on City to Convert Condos in Low-Income Areas into Affordable House [RTTC-NYC]
“What's so perverse,” Mr. George said, is that the houses conceal “the very information necessary to know whether a royalty is due.”
The California law, which applies to living artists and those who have died in the past 20 years, states that if the seller is not able to locate the artist within 90 days, he or she is required to send the payment to the California Arts Council, a state agency charged with locating the creators.
Sotheby's responded to the suit with a terse statement: “We believe the claim is meritless, and it will be vigorously defended.” Christie's said that it “views the California Resale Royalties Act as subject to serious legal challenges” and that it “looks forward to addressing these issues in court.” The law has so far survived two legal challenges, and experts in art law are divided about whether it might be vulnerable on constitutional grounds.
The larger issue of whether visual artists should receive a cut of future sales remains a subject of vigorous debate. Dozens of countries already have a version of a resale royalties law, generally referred to by the French phrase droit de suite. Starting in 2012, Britain and other members of the European Union will adhere to a uniform standard that applies to both living artists and those who have died within the past 70 years. Indeed, Christie's, on its Web site, informs prospective clients that it collects the royalty mandated in Europe at the time of the sale.
Photo
For many visual artists, the issue is clear. “We need legislation to enact the right to royalties,” said Frank Stella, the president of the International Council of Creators of Graphic, Plastic and Photographic Arts, “and we need to align it with what goes on in Britain and the E.U.” Literature, music, film, computer programming and patents all have better intellectual-property protection than American visual art, Mr. Stella added. The Visual Artists and Galleries Association, a nonprofit group that seeks to protect the intellectual-property rights of artists, also supports a national law.
The idea has never really caught on in the United States, though, and California remains the only state that requires royalties when a painting is resold. In 1986 Senator Edward M. Kennedy was unsuccessful in efforts to include a similar provision in the national Visual Artists Rights Act. A study by the Copyright Office in 1992 concluded that it was “not persuaded that sufficient economic and copyright policy justification exists to establish droit de suite in the United States.”
In the 34 years that the California law has been in effect, about 400 artists have received a total of $328,000, said Patty Milich, the resale royalty act coordinator at the California Arts Council. That list includes the estates of the Grateful Dead guitarist Jerry Garcia (who made drawings), Jean-Michel Basquiat, Albert Hirschfeld and Larry Rivers.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Most artists and galleries either don't know about the law or ignore it, several art lawyers in California said. People often don't realize, for example, that if a California hotel with paintings on the walls changes ownership, or if a donated sculpture sells for more than its original price at a fundraising auction, a royalty may be due.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Sellers, museums and galleries generally dislike the idea, which they view as an added tax that raises the cost of doing business and cuts into profits. They contend that the law's main beneficiaries are artists who need it the least: those, like Mr. Close or Mr. Stella, whose work is famous enough to sell again and again.
Opponents add that resale royalties can hurt new artists selling their work for the first time — on what is known as the primary market — by reducing future resale value.
Some artists agree. In 2006, when Britain agreed to adhere to the European Union's policy on resale royalties, David Hockney argued: “The arrival of this levy will do little or nothing for the vast majority of British artists. It will undoubtedly envelop the market, on which we as artists depend, in red tape, and it will discourage art dealers from buying particularly the work of emerging artists.”
According to one study of the droit de suite in France, approximately 70 percent of the royalty payments went to the estates of a handful of famous 20th-century artists, like Picasso. Still, in California, Ms. Milich said that while it was easier for well-known artists to track resales, “I have contacted artists with a $2,000 royalty, and they were really happy to get it; one was living on Social Security.”
John Henry Merryman, a law professor at Stanford University and an expert on art and cultural-property law, said that advocates of the droit de suite ignore how the art market operates. The increased price for Rauschenberg's “Thaw” at the Scull auction was due not only to the artist's continuing creative efforts, he said, but also to the dealers, collectors, auction houses and critics who took a risk in supporting and buying Rauschenberg's work before he was famous. He noted that the increased price for a single painting simultaneously raises the value of all the artist's work.
Mr. Merryman dismissed the argument that the droit de suite was analogous to music or literary royalties. “The idea that somehow artists are hurt because they don't have copyright is nonsense,” he said. Artists retain copyright and must be compensated if their work is reproduced. The difference, he explained, is that “the realization of a work of art is in exhibition, not in duplication.”
The Whitney Museum of American Art at one time compensated artists for exhibiting their work. Mr. Merryman said the idea never caught on, but that it made more sense.
From the Forum:
“Dear Petworth,
The violence of the last few days is unacceptable – no resident should expect to live in fear in Washington, DC.
I am monitoring the situation closely and am in constant contact with Chief Lanier and Commander Manlapaz, who oversee the 4th District.
This evening, the Chief concluded the evening and committed to roll call in Ward 4, and additional foot patrols in the Ward– with a focus on well-known hot spots. Additional resources have been deployed since Christmas Eve and there are more to come.
Tonight, I will tour the Ward with the Commander to ensure deployment of resources.
On Monday, the Chief and her team will provide a full briefing to me from the MPD headquarters, where I will review their immediate action plan to stop violence before it starts.
As always, please be mindful of your surroundings and if you see something, say something.
Sincerely,
Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser
(202) 491-4842”
Taipei, April 24 (CNA) Taiwan ranked 38th in the 2015 World Happiness Report, up four notches from last year.
The report, which covers 158 countries around the world, was released Thursday in New York by the Sustainable Development Solutions Network for the United Nations.
It uses six variables to measure happiness: real GDP per capita, social support, healthy life expectancy, freedom to make life choices, generosity and perceptions of corruption.
The happiest country in the world in 2015 is Switzerland, followed by Iceland, Denmark, Norway and Canada, according to the report.
Rounding out the top 10 are Finland, the Netherlands, Sweden, New Zealand and Australia.
The United States is ranked 15th, while the United Kingdom and Germany are at 21st and 26th places, respectively.
(By Y.F. Low)
ENDITEM/ke
The New York Giants are set to begin training camp on July 29. That's right, we're single digit days away from the NFL season officially starting. The Giants made several moves in the draft and via free agency that give them a much better outlook than last year's squad. There is potential for a special season in 2016.
That said, there are still some positions up for grabs in camp. This series of articles will look at those positions, and the next one is the starting running back spot. Check out the starting free safety, middle linebacker and tight end positions we examined already.
If you're anything like me, you have given up on Andre Williams. The 2014 fourth-round pick has been anything but impressive, and saw his workload decrease in his second season when many expected there would be an increase. He only had 88 carries, 257 yards (2.9 ypc) and seven touchdowns in 2015, every single number down from his rookie year.
Despite what the fans think, this could be a bounce back year for Williams, and the Giants appear willing to make that happen. He showed up to the offseason program 12 pounds lighter and with a renewed sense of confidence. New coach Ben McAdoo has been overwhelmingly positive when it comes to Williams.
“I think a lot of people may be willing to give up on Andre. I think it may be early for that,” McAdoo said way back at the combine.” I look forward to Andre bouncing back this year and having a bounce-back year.”
After seeing Williams at OTAs and mini camp, McAdoo praised him further.
“Andre just needs some reps,” he said. “He looks good right now. He's moving around well. He's fluid. He's working a lot on catching the ball, and doing a nice job for us there. We're spreading the reps around. It's early. It is June, but we'll see more from Andre when training camp rolls around and we get the pads on.”
Not only that, but SB Nation's Big Blue View took an in-depth look at Williams' carries in the 2015 season. To no one's surprise most of the problem lied in the Giants offensive line, as well as Williams not being put in situations where he could succeed.
Having said all of that, the job is clearly Rashad Jennings' to lose at the moment. He finished the 2015 incredibly strong behind a makeshift offensive line. In the last four weeks of the season, when the Giants finally decided to give one guy the bulk of the carries, Jennings exploded for 432 yards on 79 carries (5.46 ypc).
Shane Vereen had a career year in his first with Big Blue, setting personal highs with 59 receptions, 494 yards and four touchdowns. He is not as talented a runner as Jennings but will absolutely be used in the passing game. He offers more than any of the other running backs in that department, helping Eli Manning have one of his best seasons in 2015.
The Giants also have veteran Bobby Rainey, Orleans Darkwa and 2016 fifth-round pick Paul Perkins from UCLA in the mix. Rainey showed flashes in a fill-in role for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, but he shouldn't be considered more than a backup if he even makes the team. You know exactly what you're getting with him. Darkwa has been used sparingly, but the fact that he's spent most of the offseason recovering from an injury could be enough to see him on the outside looking in. Frankly, it would be surprising if either of these two made the cut.
Perkins has been pegged by some as a potential steal and a dark horse candidate to win the starting job in camp. Jennings is 31, Vereen is far from a great runner and Williams is still trying to prove himself. Anything is possible at this point. Yes, he was taken in the 5th round, but this is mostly due to teams simply devaluing the position. The potential is there to be an every-down back (or at least a threat as both a runner and receiver), something the Giants have lacked since Tiki Barber retired.
Whatever the decision, we have to hope they stick with one back so he can get into a rhythm. Heaven helps the offense if they go with a four-back rotation . . . again.
Thanks for reading this series examining the most exciting training camp battles we will all be watching. The first practice is July 29.
#BuckleUp
Boeing recently debuted the Echo Voyager, a 51-foot-long autonomous submarine that can roam the seas for months. Unlike other unmanned underwater vehicles, it isn't dependent on a support ship. (Pinner Paul/Boeing)
As unmanned aerial drones have become a critical part of modern warfare, the Pentagon is now looking to deploy autonomous robots underwater, patrolling the sea floor on what one top Navy official called an “Eisenhower highway network,” complete with rest stops where the drones could recharge.
Although still in the development stages, the technology has matured in recent years to be able to overcome the vast difficulties of operating underwater, a far more harsh environment than what aerial drones face in the sky.
Saltwater corrodes metal. Water pressure can be crushing at great depths. And communication is severely limited, so the vehicles must be able to navigate on their own without being remotely piloted.
Despite the immense difficulties, the Navy has been testing and fielding several new systems designed to map the ocean floor, seek out mines, search for submarines and even launch attacks. While the unmanned crafts are now able to stay out for days or weeks, the goal is to create an underwater network of service stations that would allow the vehicles to do their jobs for months — and eventually years.
Military officials say there is a sense of urgency because the undersea domain, while often overlooked, could one day be as contested as the surface of the sea, the skies — and even space.
Take a look at two unmanned undersea vehicles (UUV's), and how these autonomous underwater drones could be used for intel gathering, surveillance, recon and neutralization of potential threats. (Jhaan Elker/The Washington Post)
While Russia and China are investing in their submarine fleets, the Pentagon has sought to seize an advantage by introducing new technologies, especially those where humans team up with highly capable robots and autonomous systems.
In 2015, the Navy appointed its first deputy assistant secretary for unmanned systems. And the Pentagon plans to invest as much as $3 billion in undersea systems in the coming years.
Last month, the Navy participated in the multi-nation Unmanned Warrior exercise off the coast of Scotland. Autonomous subs worked in concert with aerial drones to pass along intelligence that could be relayed from undersea to the air and then to troops on the ground.
It's too early to tell how the Trump administration might view the plans. But Bryan Clark, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, said advancements in undersea warfare should continue to be a priority for the Navy.
“The Pentagon feels like the U.S. is well positioned to do undersea warfare and anti-submarine warfare better than any other country,” said Clark, the author of a report titled “The Emerging Era in Undersea Warfare.” “What's changing, though, is other counties are developing the ability to deny above the water. . . . So the U.S. is thinking it'll have to rely much more on under the water.”
The goal is to have the unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs) deploy from manned submarines or even large autonomous drone subs the way fighter jets take off from aircraft carriers, he said. The Chinese and others have built sensors that can detect large manned submarines, but the military could still send in small, hard-to-detect drone subs.
The Office of Naval Research (ONR), which looks to develop advanced technologies, is seeking to “build the Eisenhower highway network on the seabeds in the seven oceans,” Rear Adm. Mathias Winter, head of the office, said at a conference hosted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies this year. The ultimate goal is to “have large-scale deployments of UUVs,” he said. “We want them to go out for decades at a time.”
While the project is still in the conceptual stages, the Navy would one day like to build service stations underwater, similar to highway rest stops. There is even a name for them: forward-deployed energy and communications outposts.
“A place where you can gas up or charge your underwater vehicles, transfer data and maybe store some data,” said Frank Herr, the head of the ONR's ocean battlespace sensing department.
While that may be a long way off, the Pentagon is testing vehicles that are capable of going out for weeks or even months at a time. In recent years, Boeing has developed the Echo Ranger and Echo Seeker, autonomous vehicles capable of carrying out days-long operations. This year, it debuted the Echo Voyager, a 51-foot-long autonomous submarine with the ability to stay out for months; it isn't dependent on a support ship the way others are.
“You don't need to have a support ship involved, and that drastically reduces the daily operational cost,” said Lance Towers, director of sea and land at Boeing's Phantom Works division.
This year, General Dynamics boosted its underwater offerings when it acquired Bluefin Robotics, which makes several types of underwater robots. Its 16-foot-long Bluefin-21 vehicle is capable of launching what the company calls “micro UUVs,” known as SandSharks, that weigh only about 15 pounds. The SandSharks could scan an enemy shoreline and pop up to the surface to relay data to aircraft flying overhead. The Bluefin-21 could even launch a tube that goes to the surface, sticks up like a large straw and then shoots out an unmanned aerial vehicle like a spitball.
While there are still huge hurdles to overcome, especially when it comes to battery life, underwater-vehicle technology is about where drone technology for aircraft was in the 1990s, said Carlo Zaffanella, General Dynamics' vice president and general manager for maritime and strategic systems.
Signal processing is improving. So is autonomy, Zaffanella said. And the advancements are coming “at a time when underwater warfare is becoming more important.”
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has a plan to plant 15-foot-tall pods across the ocean floor that could sit there for years waiting to be awakened. When they received a signal, they would float to the surface and release aerial drones, which could perform surveillance over shorelines.
Raytheon, meanwhile, is working on a torpedo that instead of blowing things up would be the military's eyes and ears underwater, scouting for mines or enemy submarines, mapping the ocean floor and measuring currents.
The new generation of undersea vehicles would require powerful computer brains.
“The undersea environment is particularly challenging and unpredictable,” Navy Rear Adm. Bill Merz said at a recent conference. “I would even go out on a limb here to say we are truly the unmanned of the unmanned vehicles, and in most cases we don't even have a man in the loop. So what we field and put in the water is on its own until we hear from it again.”
An article published on GameSkinny recently outlined, via interviews, what some people who claimed to be affiliated with Gamergate saw as "actionable goals" for ethics in games journalism. None of these views could be said to represent all of Gamergate, though many of the opinions expressed were echoed by other Gamergate-affiliated people throughout the article. Some of the goals were reasonable, others were less so.
I'm not here to vilify Gamergate or people affiliated with it by any means. Nor am I here to attack their ideas. But I do think it's important to analyze this small selection of "actionable goals" to see whether they are reasonable, necessary, or even possible to implement.
Conflicts of interest
The overwhelming majority of the respondents in the article expressed a desire for all journalists to either recuse themselves from certain articles or disclose any potential conflicts of interest - such as reviewing a game made by a friend or family member. I wholeheartedly support this idea. However, there are a few details that should be cleared up.
What kinds of relationships specifically constitute a conflict of interest? We need to agree on this point if we hope to hold people to it. Is it a close relationship, or any relationship at all? Twitter was specifically mentioned, and Twitter is often used by journalists to dig up story leads. If a journalist follows a dev or company on Twitter - even for strictly informational reasons - then writes about that dev or company, does that count as a conflict of interest? Is this just about personal relationships or does it also include all social media in general? These are questions that need clear answers.
FTC guidelines
Another common point of agreement was the desire for journalists and outlets to adhere to FTC regulations for endorsements. Again, this is a good idea. Basically, the rules require that a journalist, blogger, internet personality, etc. must disclose when they've received any incentives in exchange for an endorsement. The message they send about something doesn't necessarily have to be positive to count as an endorsement, and the incentives don't need to have any financial value to count. There are a lot of specific circumstances covered by the guidelines, but essentially it's better to err on the side of transparency.
The thing is, these guidelines are already being enforced on a case-by-case basis:
[I]f concerns about possible violations of the FTC Act come to our attention, we'll evaluate them case by case. If law enforcement becomes necessary, our focus usually will be on advertisers or their ad agencies and public relations firms. Action against an individual endorser, however, might be appropriate in certain circumstances. [...] Although there are no fines for violations of the FTC Act, law enforcement actions can result in orders requiring the defendants in the case to give up money they received from their violations.
Since the FTC doesn't have the resources to monitor every blog and news site, it's up to outsiders to report any suspected violations to them, and even then the violators can't be fined. Any voting-eligible U.S. citizens who object to the way the law is written should contact their lawmakers and tell them their concerns.
The SPJ's Code of Ethics
Another goal that was repeated by a few respondents was that journalists be held to the Society of Professional Journalists' (or SPJ's) Code of Ethics or a similar standard. In an ideal world, every journalist would behave in an ethical manner. But there's a big problem with this idea, and that's enforcement.
To begin with, the SPJ themselves caution against viewing the Code of Ethics as anything but guidelines:
[The Code of Ethics] is not a set of rules, rather a guide that encourages all who engage in journalism to take responsibility for the information they provide, regardless of medium. The code should be read as a whole; individual principles should not be taken out of context. It is not, nor can it be under the First Amendment, legally enforceable.
This last sentence means that it would be unconstitutional in the U.S. for the government to force journalists to adhere to this code of ethics. There have been times when the U.S. or its individual states' governments have tried to legally enforce certain ethical rules for journalists or publications, and they have been struck down by the Supreme Court as infringing on the First Amendment's guarantee to freedom of the press. In other words, U.S. government enforcement of any ethical code for journalists is right out.
How to be held responsible?
What many of the ideas point to is the formation of a separate entity responsible for holding journalists and publications responsible for ethical violations. This is exactly what William Usher calls for in the original article:
The only thing I would really like to see that isn't instituted yet is an organization that can enact financial penalties against websites and media outlets that purposefully skew news or purposefully print misinformation after choosing to ignore or forfeit corrections to a story.
Rolling Stone getting sued over the UVA rape story is a nice step, but we need a proper institution in place to make that more commonplace, in order to deter corrupt journalists from publishing blatantly false information.
Should journalists and publications be held responsible for unethical and outright malicious behavior? Absolutely! That said, the idea of creating a separate organization raises a whole host of questions that need to be answered before it can become a reality.
How would this group be formed, and how would we guarantee its neutrality? How would it be given the power to actually enforce anything? How would they determine that something's an ethical violation if there's so much gray area when it comes to ethics?
And most importantly, what incentive would publications have to obey its decisions? Without any government power behind it, publications would have to willingly submit themselves to its rules. Historically, these forms of self-censorship (such as the Motion Picture Production Code that used to determine what was shown in Hollywood films) are often implemented to avoid government intervention or censorship. Since the (U.S.) government can't legally hold journalists to an ethical code of conduct, there's little incentive for publications to willingly subject themselves to one outside their own in-house code of ethics. And as for defamation, slander, and libel, there are already laws in place to prevent these things and allow victims to seek damages for violations of the law.
In-house ethics policies
Twitter user @a_man_in_maroon listed four goals, two of which are quoted below:
1. Introduce and implement an ethics policy on going sites, such as Kotaku and Polygon
[…]
4. If I could only have one though, I'd want number 1.
Because Polygon and Kotaku are mentioned specifically, I'm going to focus on those two.
Polygon already has a publicly posted ethics policy which can be viewed here. I could not find one for Kotaku (please correct me if I missed it) though they do have a statement about examining their ethics here.
However, just because a site hasn't made its ethics policy available to the public, that doesn't mean they don't have one at all. It should be made clear whether or not the demand is that the site's ethics policy be made publicly available. If that is the case then yes, Kotaku still hasn't met that goal, but Polygon has and therefore it is unnecessary to single them out.
Other goals
"Better fact-checking" was cited by a few users, and this is always a good idea, though again difficult to enforce, and while fewer click-bait articles would be preferable I don't think they're going anywhere anytime soon. Reddit user /u/Washuchan73 asked for a right of reply to cover all sides of any controversial topic that's written on. But ultimately, it's up to the people running the publication whether or not to cover multiple sides of a topic.
What disturbed me about many of the other goals listed is that they focused on dictating the content of journalists' articles.
Many Gamergate supporters advocated restrictions for how journalists should review games, how they should cover events, what they can say about game developers, whether or not they're allowed to mention social justice issues, and most of all, what they're allowed to say about gamers.
These kinds of demands are completely unreasonable, and go against the very idea of a free press.
The content of a journalist's article should be between them and their editor. If you want to hold a journalist responsible for their words, that's fine, but you can't determine what they're allowed to say ahead of time.
The rest of the goals were either only expressed by one person each or already labeled as unrealistic, such as the reformation/dissolution of the IGDA and getting several major news outlets to print retractions and apologies for the way they reported on Gamergate. Because these goals were already labeled as unrealistic, I won't unpack the reasons that they likely wouldn't happen.
So what does this say about some GGer's current goals?
A lot of these goals are good in theory, but would be difficult (if not impossible) to actually implement or enforce. A lot of other questions would have to be answered before these goals could even begin to be achieved, and it may be difficult to get a majority of Gamergaters to agree on exactly how these questions should be answered.
Others, as stated above, are much less realistic to begin with, and trying to get journalists and outlets to adhere to them would be a totally uphill battle at best, not to mention that several are wishes to control what the press says. If you wouldn't want to be told what you are and aren't allowed to say, you shouldn't tell others what they are and aren't allowed to say. It's a two-way street. And, ultimately, what gets published is up to the publications; the only thing readers can decide is what to read and what not to read.
If you like what a site publishes, support them! If you don't, well, don't. And if at all possible, start writing yourself! Perhaps the best way to create change is to implement it in your own work, rather than trying to change another person's work. Be the change you wish to see and all that. Go forth boldly and make a case for what you consider to be good journalism. What are you waiting for?
The Los Angeles City Council Friday voted in favor of approving key documents that now clears a path for LA to host the 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Members supported the plans unanimously by a vote of 12-0.
Los Angeles had been bidding to host the 2024 edition of the Games but instead opted to concede that race to rival bid Paris and seek the 2028 Games along with financial concessions offered by the International Olympic Committee (IOC). Last month, LA Mayor Eric Garcetti announced the new plans, but said updated agreements and guarantees are required to move forward.
During a meeting and debate earlier Friday with the special Ad Hoc Committee on the 2024 Olympics, members voted to recommend approval of the documents to the full council.
Friday's vote approved a new Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) that describes a working relationship between the City and a future Olympic organizing committee, including issues on governance and financial guarantees. Also endorsed was the IOC's new Host City Contract that is based on the 2024 version but includes an updated financial relationship and other elements relevant to the date change. Finally, the City Council approved a tripartite agreement among LA 2028, Paris 2024 and the IOC that sets outs the terms necessary to change up the 2024 race into a double-allocation.
The vote further permits the Mayor to sign the Host City Agreement, and allows the bid to enter into the tripartite agreement.
Had City Council voted against the new documents, LA could have continued to pursue the 2024 Games that would have come down to an IOC vote against Paris next month.
Several Olympic athletes including nine-time Olympic track champion Carl Lewis were on hand in City Hall chambers to back the bid's plans ahead of the vote.
https://twitter.com/LA2028/status/896080343551229957
With the further approval of the United States Olympic Committee (USOC), IOC members are expected to rubber-stamp LA's application for the 2028 Games, along with Paris' bid for the 2024 edition, at an all-members Session on September 13 in Lima, Peru.
The State of California this week agreed to transfer its planned USD $250 million funding of any potential cost overruns, with a possible increase to account for inflation, but a bill solidifying the offer won't go to a vote until next year due to the summer recess. The City will be on the hook inf additional money is required.
An independent accountant's vetting of the revised 2028 budget is not expected to be completed for several months, an issue that has concerned opponents of the bid who were heard shouting objections during the City Hall proceedings. But that didn't stop City Council voters who were buoyed by dozens of statements of support in the special meeting of the Ad Hoc Committee. A poll last month reveled that 83 percent of Angelenos back the 2028 bid.
With City Council approvals in place, it's all but certain that both Los Angeles and Paris will be hosting their third Olympic Games next decade.
Mayor Garcetti said “We negotiated the deal of a lifetime to bring the Games back to America, create a new Olympic legacy for the next generation, and deliver access to sports and fitness programs to every community in Los Angeles.”
“Today's vote by the City Council is a resounding show of confidence in our fiscally responsible plan for 2028, and more evidence of Angelenos' passion to return the Games to LA.”
The milestone approval of the 2028 bid coincided with the release of a teaser video for the bid's new “Building our Legacy” series that “captures memories from athletes and volunteers from the Los Angeles 1984 Olympic Games and builds excitement for the 2028 Olympic and Paralympic Games,” a statement by the bid explained.
The video is narrated by Olympic champion and LA 2028 Athletes' Advisory Commission member Carl Lewis, and is released 33 years to the day since Lewis matched Jesse Owens' record at the 1984 Games, winning his fourth gold medal and setting a new world record in the 4×100 meter relay.
Image caption Brian Last (second from right) watches his beloved Gunners
Brian Last seems to have two great passions in life: Arsenal Football Club and the European Union.
At an expat bar in Benalmadena, on the Costa del Sol, Brian was watching his club play a Champions League match on television. And the animation he displayed whenever his team got the ball was matched by his passion for the EU.
"I've got really good Spanish friends. Obviously, I feel English and British first, then I feel European," he says.
What worries Brian is that Britain might now vote to leave the European Union.
"If I decided to up sticks, I could go to Portugal or France. But if Britain decides to leave… that may change."
No-one knows how many British people are, like Brian, long-term residents in Spain; the number is thought to be anywhere between 300,000 and 700,000.
Image caption Hundreds of thousands of British citizens live in Spain
But the British government has warned that two million British expats in Europe could be adversely affected in the event of an Out vote. Their right to free healthcare and their basic right to work could both be jeopardised, a Cabinet Office report says.
Campaigners to leave the European Union have dismissed the report's findings as "scaremongering", part of what they see as a long-term strategy by the government which they have dubbed "project fear". It aims, they say, to persuade voters to stick with what they know and remain inside the EU.
'Not just the money'
But fears about leaving the EU are all too real, as far as Christine Rowlands is concerned. She's the chairwoman of the Costa del Sol branch of Conservatives Abroad, and insists that the party locally is united in wanting to remain inside the EU, unlike her political counterparts back home.
"It's not just about the money," she insists. "Our friends are Danish, German, Spanish. It's about a united Europe."
Image copyright Christine Rowlands/Facebook Image caption Christine Rowlands says expats want a "united Europe"
Asked what she makes of the Conservative debate on Europe back home in Britain, Christine giggles a little mischievously. "It's like a children's playground," she says.
There is certainly a stark contrast here with the situation back home, where local Conservative Associations are perceived mainly to be of a Eurosceptic bent.
Eurosceptic voices
But in fact, there are plenty of Eurosceptic opinions to be heard on the Costa del Sol if you listen to the local English language radio station, Talk Radio Europe, and particularly its weekly phone-in show Viewpoint. It recently devoted a whole edition to the EU referendum, prompting many callers to sound off against the EU and all its works.
David Cameron was denounced for fighting to keep Britain in, while Boris Johnson was praised for his "courage" in joining the Out camp. "We did not vote for federalism, we voted for a common market," protested one listener.
Viewpoint's presenter is Richard Tildesley, a man with his ear very much glued to the ground when it comes to political opinion among expats. And he believes that living on the European mainland has put many people off the EU, however cosmopolitan their lives.
Image caption Richard Tildesley says many expats see the EU as destroying local, individual cultures
They are not impressed by how EU funds are spent, he believes, thinking the money is wasted on unnecessary projects while neglecting problems that badly need sorting out. Tildesley also argues that expats see the EU as destroying the very aspects of Spanish life that originally drew them to the country.
"What they perceive being created at the moment is a rather bland, pan-European homogenised culture."
Registration drive
Given the strength of opinion on this subject, it is perhaps surprising that so few expats in Spain have actually registered to vote, either in the forthcoming referendum, or indeed for any British elections.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The British embassy in Spain is encouraging British expats to register for the vote
British citizens who leave the country are entitled to vote, providing they have been away for less than 15 years. But so far, only 11,000 people from the hundreds of thousands in Spain are on course to make use of this right.
The British embassy in Spain has launched a campaign to persuade British expats to register for the vote, a campaign that is being mirrored in countries across the world. It will use Facebook and Twitter to get its message across, but the embassy will also work with local Anglican churches, charities and any other organisations where expats are found.
"Registration of expat voters is fairly low across the world," British ambassador Simon Manley complains. Like any good diplomat, he gives no hint of his own view on the UK's membership of the EU, but he is passionate about the need for more voter engagement.
"The referendum is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to determine the future of our country. Whatever their views, wherever they live, I think it's important people exercise that right to vote."
For more on this story listen to Paul Moss's report on The World Tonight.
Despite the fact that traditional sources of employment are disappearing, Australians are expected to work both more productively and for longer. Where will the jobs come from in future? Geoff Hudson suggests an entirely new framework for talking about employment in the 21st century and throws up some blue sky research ideas.
Trying to get a job is awful. You can write hundreds of letters of application and receive only a handful of polite negative responses and no response at all from the remainder.
You lie awake at night wondering how you will pay your bills. Of course, many other countries are worse, but employment in Australia seems to be disappearing; you wonder what the jobs in the middle of this century will be. Not in car manufacturing, it seems.
Our politicians keep telling us that they want us to work, and that jobs are the issue.
They seem to be missing the point, though—where are the jobs?
We should pursue areas of research and industrial development based on the outcomes we need.
China has achieved great employment increases by managing its exchange rate so its manufacturing sector can out-compete everyone else's.
Germany has done a similar thing by using the other weaker economies in the EU to hold the Euro down, but our Australian politicians dropped the ball on the Dutch disease.
Most don't even know that the phrase refers to a reduction in employment when raw material exports raise your currency to the point where manufacturing dies. And it has—manufacturing has been sacrificed on the altar of coal and iron exports.
Employment principals
First we need some principles about employment in general—employment principles—and then some principles about where the work is going to come from—jobs principles.
The first employment principle is that of high wages. We must accept that we will never get sustained employment at the hourly rates of many Asian countries.
Australia will not tolerate that level of poverty. Therefore, there are many jobs done overseas that we cannot do competitively. This means that we must have an educated population, so fixing the education system is our top priority.
In some areas in China, students are, on average, two years ahead of Australian students in science and maths, so alarm bells should be ringing.
We need internet-based products for science and maths, especially for secondary school students, while we crank up support for teachers to the level where people with research degrees are attracted to teaching in schools.
Another issue with our education system is the schism between universities and business.
Friends of mine recount horror stories of academics feeling no obligation to do agreed upon work in association with industry, or even questioning the morals of those who would leave the hallowed halls of universities for the foulness of business.
Australia is close to bottom of the OECD when it comes to producing the fruit of cooperation between industry and academia. As long as this persists we will be badly uncompetitive.
Another principle is fairness. It is simply not fair for some senior executives to get paid more than 100 times other fully employed people in the same company. Company tax and government assistance should strongly encourage pay ratios closer to 20-to-one or less.
The source of jobs: pursue what we know and what we need
I propose two jobs principles. The first is pretty obvious and was a foundation of the McKinsey report which the Business Council of Australia used to generate the Building Australia's Comparative Advantages report.
We should pursue things we are already good at. This is government policy as outlined in the Industry Innovation and Competitiveness Agenda paper, which was released by Ian Macfarlane and Tony Abbott late in 2014.
The government names food and agribusiness, mining equipment and technology services, medical technologies and pharmaceuticals, advanced manufacturing, and energy resources as the activities to promote.
It makes sense to grow these activities, but you wonder how many jobs they will create, especially for those without university degrees.
The second principle is more courageous in the Yes Minister sense.
We should pursue areas of research and industrial development based on the outcomes we need.
Develop tools to defeat Australia's vastness
Our physical characteristics show us where we ought to be the best, even if we aren't. Australia has the lowest population density in the top 100 countries by population—three people per square kilometre. Only Namibia and Mongolia have populations exceeding one million people and lower population density. Australia is also the driest populated continent on earth.
The low population density means we have a travel problem.
It costs us more in time and jet fuel to get from one capital to another—so we should be the world leader in video conferencing.
Many of us have experienced a combined meeting, with several people in one place and several in another; I have not yet met anyone who says it works as well as being in the same place. I think we should try for something less ambitious, like working out a system for meetings between two people at different locations.
We want a system to connect one person with one other person, in a way where you cannot tell whether the other person is in the room with you, or is thousands of kilometres away, except perhaps that you can't touch them or smell them. Let's call this the eye-to-eye system. Australia should develop it.
We need it more than anyone else on earth. How many Australian jobs could be done from home using eye-to-eye? Imagine parliament done with eye-to-eye where the speaker selects the person being broadcast to everyone else.
Doctors could interview remote patients. Legal and government interactions could span hundreds of kilometres. This product would re-invigorate regional Australia and save billions of dollars in road construction.
If travel can't be avoided then we should make it better.
We need trains which can travel on existing rail lines at 300 kilometres per hour. There are many reasons why today's Australian trains are slower than those in France and Japan, but the main one is that the tracks are not dead straight.
To get high speed rail we might have to add a communications network to manage level crossings and straighten out some corners, but relaying the tracks laser-straight over hundreds of kilometres is just too expensive.
We need a radically different vehicle to run on the existing rails, like a high pressure hovercraft or a train with active suspension which anticipates bumps.
The thing about rail lines is that the bumps stay in the same places, so you know when you are going to hit one.
Imagine a three hour Melbourne to Sydney rail trip on existing tracks. Cancel Badgerys Creek and save at least $6 billion. Get the airlines to participate—they are in the high speed transport business after all—and government expenditure could be much less than the cost of an airport.
The dryness of Australia has already produced great advances in agriculture, but most of them do not involve many jobs.
A more challenging and more dramatic departure from common practice would be intensive farming in enclosures which capture the water transpired by the plants.
The key fact is that 99.9 per cent of the water consumed by plants goes out of their leaves. The water is just a transport medium. Only one part in a thousand goes into making the plant.
If you can recycle the 99.9 per cent, you can grow tomatoes in a sunny desert. As the inhabitants of the driest habitable continent, we should master this technology. Imagine turning all those near-deserts into vegetable farms. That could banish starvation worldwide and employ millions of people.
Opportunities in manufacturing
We can't leave sources of employment without considering manufacturing. This is the hardest problem.
To start with, we want to save some automotive manufacturing. There will never be a cheaper time to start a new car manufacturing operation in Australia than in the last half of this decade, because that is when the multinationals will be selling up.
What we need is an electric car which includes a recharger powered by a small petrol engine.
It can be a bit more expensive than imports of the same size because of the potential reduction in running cost. We need to be able to charge the battery at home for commuting, but drive around Australia using the petrol recharger when we are on holiday.
A second manufacturing activity we should carefully consider arises from a threat to our present mining activities.
Coal and liquefied natural gas, or LNG, make up a large part of our exports.
We should remember the lesson which the US rail companies failed to learn—always address the fundamentals of the market.
The rail companies thought they were in the railway business, but they were actually in the transport business, and they were driven bankrupt by companies flying planes.
So Australia is really in the energy business in a big way, but the carbon based contributions of coal and LNG are threatened by the global reaction to climate change.
We need to broaden out of those energy products into the power systems of the future. We are too late to capture enough of the market in photovoltaic manufacturing or nuclear reactor production. We have to look to something novel which can supply heat and power.
Environmental technologies
Home solar thermal is the idea of using the heat of the sun to generate electricity then hot water and then home heating in kind of waterfall as heat moves to lower temperatures.
A fire, whether driven by wood or natural gas, can substitute for the sun at night. The steam motor and mirrors are not particularly novel, but need further engineering and investment in manufacturing.
The system can compete with photovoltaic systems on price, and it can supply power continuously. The 24/7 power capability means that remote dwellings not yet connected to the grid can provide an initial market.
The coal exporter who develops it will get insurance against concerns about global warming.
You may say the suggestions I have made are rudimentary, even embryonic. Sure, but at least they have vision.
The government's present plan is simply to try to grow what works now, and that often creates failure.
It would not cost much to try to address the challenges of eye-to-eye video conferencing, high speed travel on existing rail lines, and solar thermal systems. I urge you prime minister—man up to exploring a bit of blue sky.
But where are the jobs? Sunday 3 May 2015 Listen to this episode of Ockham's Razor to hear Geoff Hudson's talk about new ways of thinking about employment. More This [series episode segment] has image, and transcript
This is an edited version of Melbourne-based computer programmer Geoff Hudson's Ockham's Razor talk.
Ockham's Razor is a soap box for all things scientific, with short talks about research, industry and policy from people with something thoughtful to say about science.
Where's the breast cancer awareness money going?
Breast cancer reality check
Here's the even bigger con
(NaturalNews) The Susan G. Komen for breast cancer awareness reports on their site that breast cancer will strike more than 1.3 million women annually over the next 20 years. They are proud to report that 70 percent of women 40 and older receive regular mammograms now. What they aren't telling the public is that their pharmaceutical and radiation-funding "awareness" project is giving millions of women false diagnoses by the very mammogram technology they promote. As a matter of fact, thehas identified approximately 1.3 million cases of misdiagnosed breast cancer, concluding that mammograms are leading millions of women astray, making them believe they have cancer when they really don't.This means that the highly entrusted mammograms are manifesting millions of fake cancers, sending millions of unsuspecting women through further unneeded tests, procedures, medications, and radiation.Instead of "ending breast cancer forever", as the Susan G. Komen cause claims, they are actually funding perpetual mammogram testing and subsequent medication and radiation that is only feeding the medical industry and the cancer itself. The Komen Race for the Cure alone has raised $2 billion. Where is this money going? It's definitely not going to find a cure, but rather fooling millions of women into believing they have cancer, when they really don't.It's all very much a corporate scam. The Susan G. Komen awareness is really a company, with a long list of high paid employees, marketers and executives, who do nothing but promote a color and a title. Thirty-nine-point-one percent of their $390 million worth of assets goes toward public health education, which obviously doesn't point anyone toward proper nutrition utilization, but instead teaches women to get their routine screening and swallow their pill. The money they raise practically goes straight into buying the very mammogram testing machines that are perpetuating the problem. According to the cause, the single most effective screening tool to fight breast cancer is in fact,The rest of their money goes right into fundraising and radio ads that promote their deceptive process.Most mammograms detect cancer at 'stage zero.' This non-invasive cancer, left untreated, does not progress, does not cause further harm, and does not become invasive. It regresses without medication, without radiation. Sadly though, millions of women are being put through the system, unintentionally lied to, even as evidence suggests that all these stage zero breast cancer detections are misleading. The whole screening system is just bloating statistics of breast cancer in the US and ramming new patients through the system.The Komen cause proudly reveals that the largest group of cancer survivors in the US is breast cancers survivors (3 million). This fact is only true because most breast cancer survivors "survived" cancer that was non-invasive or was regressive in the first place. In fact, according to the journal, a cohort study verified that even most "invasive" cancers appear to regress with time if left untreated.The scientific study also points out that "The introduction of screening mammography in the United States has been associated with a doubling in the number of cases of early-stage breast cancer that are detected each year." And yet, they noted, "Only 6.5 percent of these early-stage breast cancer cases were expected to progress to advanced disease."Mammograms put off low energy x-ray 30kVp radiation, which is 300 percent more carcinogenic than high energy radiation that comes from atomic bomb blasts! This fact goes unnoticed, because today's radiation risk models were developed before DNA was even discovered.What scientists should be developing is real scanning technology that goes after the mammogram itself, exposing its low energy radiation effects on human cells!When DNA is exposed to low energy radiation put off by mammograms , the genes that are susceptible to breast cancer, BRCA1 and BRCA2, actually interfere with the body's self repairing DNA mechanism. As the body tries to reduce the carcinogens that are welcomed in by the radiation, it becomes more susceptible to developing cancer.The medical community must understand that x-ray based mammography is not preventing but actually enabling future breast cancer by 'torturing' DNA.Women everywhere shouldn't feel obligated to submit to radiation mammograms that are misdiagnosing and actually causing cancer, and the Susan G. Komen "breast cancer awareness" needs to tell women the truth. The pink parade is over.
The U.S. Shale Oil Industry is in serious trouble as its debt spirals higher due to its massive production decline rates. While the Mainstream media continues to put out hype that the shale oil industry can produce oil at $30 or $40 a barrel, the reality shows that it's becoming difficult just to finance its debt.
Yes, it's true. Many of the shale oil companies are bringing on new wells just to pay the interest on their debt. Now, this wasn't the case back in 2008 when the U.S. Shale Oil Industry first took off as most of the shale energy companies held very little debt and paid a tiny percentage of their operating income to finance its debt.
For example, Continental Resources who label itself as “America's Oil Champion” is one of the larger shale oil producers in the Bakken Shale Oil Field in North Dakota. Before Continental Resources started to pour money into the Bakken, its total debt was $165 million, and its annual interest expense was a paltry $13 million in 2007:.
However, if we scan across the table above, we can see that Continental Resources paid $321 million in 2016 just to service its debt that has now ballooned to $6.5 billion. If we divide the $321 million interest expense by its $6.5 billion in debt, it turns out to be about an average 5% interest charges. Can you imagine paying nearly one-third of a billion dollars in an interest payment?
To get a better idea how bad the financial situation is at Continental Resources, let's look at their Q2 2017 report:
You will notice that Continental Resources recorded a $29 million operating income loss in the second quarter. Unfortunately, they did not have the funds to pay their $72.7 million interest expense that quarter. We can also see in the first half of 2017, Continental Resources made an operating income profit of $48.1 million, but their interest expense was $144 million.
So…. what we have here is one of the larger shale oil producers in the Bakken that didn't make enough operating income just to cover its interest expense. If the oil price does not rise to $70-$80, these shale oil producers are going to have difficulty paying their interest expense.
Now, the reason Continental Resources and other shale oil companies in the Bakken are in such financial distress is due to the information displayed in the graph below:
This chart shows the estimated net cash flows of the shale energy companies producing oil in the Bakken. The BLACK BARS represent the monthly net cash flows, and the RED AREA shows the cumulative negative free cash flow in the Bakken. According to energy analyst, Rune Likvern of Fractional Flow, he estimates the cumulative free cash flow producing oil in the Bakken from 2009 to the middle of 2016 was a negative $32 billion.
The graph above reveals to anyone who can do simple grade-school math is that producing shale oil in the Bakken came a huge loss. Because the energy companies couldn't make a profit producing oil in the Bakken, they borrowed $32+ billion of investor money to continue drilling wells.
The main factor that is causing the utter failure of the U.S. Shale Oil Industry is the massive decline rates experienced in the different shale plays. According to the EIA- U.S. Energy Information Agency's recent Drilling Productivity Report, the top five Shale Oil Fields (Basins & Regions) will suffer decline rates ranging from 71% to 88% in September versus their new production:
The Permian Region in Texas will lose 71% of its production in September, while the Niobrara will decline 75%, the Anadarko, 78%, the Bakken, 84%, and the Eagle Ford a stunning 88%. The average decline rate for these five shale oil plays will be 78% next month. That is one heck of a lot of oil. Again, these figures are compared to their new production in September.
NOTE: The EIA puts out a Drilling Productivity Report each month where they estimate what the decline rate and new production amount will be the following month.
Again, using the data put out by the EIA, here are the different shale oil fields declines in barrels per day:
These five shale plays are estimated to lose nearly 400,000 barrels per day of oil in September. If we multiply that by 30 days, it comes out to be a whopping 12 million barrels per oil. Again, that is in just one month.
However, these five shale oil fields will be adding more oil in September to offset what they lost in production declines. For example, even though the Permian will lose 158,000 barrels per day (bd) of production next month, they are forecasted to add 222,000 bd of new oil per day. Thus, the net result is an addition of 64,000 bd in September.
Unfortunately, the Permian Region is going to experience the same fate as the Bakken and Eagle Ford. Both of these shale oil fields peaked and will likely decline shortly after when investors realize they are throwing good money after bad. Here is the estimated oil production decline for the Permian in September:
Once the U.S. Shale Oil Industry finally peaks and declines, it could get really ugly. Also, when investors realize they will not be getting back their initial investment, we are going to hear a great big SUCKING SOUND of money leaving the Shale Oil Industry. Thus, rapidly falling investment means a massive reduction in drilling activity… and then a significant drop in shale oil production
As the world realizes shale oil production wasn't even profitable at $100, few will be stupid enough to copy the “U.S PAY ME NOW, AND I WON'T PAY YOU BACK LATER” business model. It was a Ponzi scheme from day one.
My goal is to reach 500 PATRON SUPPORTERS. Currently, the SRSrocco Report has 108 Patrons now!!! Thank you very much for those who became new Patron supporters as well as members on the SRSrocco Report site.
So please consider supporting my work on Patron by clicking the image below:
Or you can go to my new Membership page by clicking the image below:
Check back for new articles and updates at the SRSrocco Report. You can also follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and Youtube below:
Enter your email address to receive updates each time we publish new content. Leave this field empty if you're human:
One name missing from the grand jury presentment recommending charges in a February Penn State fraternity death is Tim Bream.
Bream, the head trainer for the Penn State football program, was living at the Beta Theta Pi house as a senior residential advisor and was apparently at the sprawling home the night the fatal "pledge night" activities occurred.
Results of Penn State fraternity death investigation 47 Galleries: Results of Penn State fraternity death investigation
But unlike 18 fraternity brothers, he was not charged in connection with any of the events surrounding the Feb. 4 death of Beta pledge and Penn State sophomore Timothy Piazza.
Centre County District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller said there was no evidence that Bream had any knowledge of Piazza's injuries, or that he was consulted by student members about how to handle them.
At this point, the district attorney said, she can attach no criminal responsibility to Bream.
Bream, a Gettysburg native and Penn State graduate who came back to his alma mater in 2012 after a lengthy stint as head trainer for the NFL's Chicago Bears, had been living at the house since the 2015-16 school year.
He moved into the house after separating from his wife, sources have said.
Bream, who was "welcomed back" to the Penn State chapter in an old post on the chapter's website, has not responded to multiple phone messages or emails left by PennLive since February.
Penn State fraternity, 18 students charged with manslaughter in student's death after party
The AFL advises it has been kept informed by the North Melbourne FC of its plans around selection for this weekend's round 23 match against Richmond.
Under the AFL Rules, as detailed earlier this week, North Melbourne is entitled to consider the management of injury and fatigue for its players before the upcoming Toyota AFL Finals series.
The rule states that: Clubs must at all times perform honestly and to the best of their ability in the pursuit only of legitimate competitive objectives. For the avoidance of doubt "legitimate competitive objective" includes the development of the team or players or management of player fatigue or injuries but does not include improving a Club's draft position, improving a Club's position with respect to a potential Player exchange or manipulating a Club's position on the ladder for the purpose of improving its draw within the Finals Series.
It was the AFL's view that the North Melbourne side, having had consecutive six-day breaks, was legitimately managing the fatigue and injury status for their players ahead of the finals next week.
The objective facts and possible combinations of results over the weekend indicate that the club does not have an incentive to lose tomorrow night to manipulate its draw in the finals. As such, the AFL is satisfied North Melbourne's team selection decisions are in pursuit of legitimate competitive objectives.
By GottaLaff
Sidebar
"You thought it was bad when Bush said he could see Putin's soul by looking into his eyes, but she could see into Russia by... seeing Russia ."
Now back to the Intern Sarah Show.
Rachel: Was she smart?
Kerrigan:
She seemed nice.
Rachel (laughing)
Kerrigan:
Rachel: Bridge to Nowhere?
Kerrigan:
Rachel:
Kerrigan:
Rachel: TrooperGate?
Kerrigan:
She's made some untrue statements.
He called people to the governor's office and the governor wasn't even around.
Rachel
Kerrigan: He's a big macho image guy... he really has difficulty being second fiddle to Sarah.
Rachel: Did he overstep?
Kerrigan:
He wa-a-ay overstepped his bounds.
Rachel:
Kerrigan
A backlash from women in particular
She's not a real pro-woman candidate.
She could have done a lot of things to help her sister, womens' shelters, etc.
yet she cut funds for safety officers. She's not walking her walk. She does NOT defend women or children, and that will come out.
Rachel Maddow is interviewing Sarah Palin's old boss (on Air America). Sarah was his intern.: But first Rachel has some fun:Oh-h, suh-naperoony.Kerry Kerrigan is now the v.p. of programming at the Air America affiliate in Alaska. But at one time, he had an intern named Sarah. Kerry Kerrigan was a weather guy and met Sarah in 1988 at NBC in Anchorage when she was interested in becoming a sportscaster. Then, he says, she was nice and naive, no Karl Rove influence. Straight out of college. She didn't stay there long, being a Wasilla Valley Girl who had babies soon after.[pause]You know how when you go on a blind date, and you ask, "Is she pretty?" and the answer is, "She's really nice.": That's called "Alaska nice."I do a radio show now, and my callers say she's changed dramatically, drank the Kool-Aid. Totally different. Always was a staunch Republican, but she got that pseudo-reformer mantle with caveats. She turned in the oil chair, but she didn't like having a 9-5 job, so she got rid of him so she could get rid of her job.There were 2 bridges. One was in Ketchikan. She kept the money, by the way. The other bridge was in Anchorage that leads to old dairy farm land. She allocated over $850,000 to an office 4 floors above her for that.She dialed back the bridge thing, talks now of investing in Alaskan infrastructure. Everyone wants their state to get good stuff, but you don't want your official who's good at that to be two faced about it.She had no choice. She read off the sheet [speechwriter] Scully wrote for her, for 2 weeks, and had nothing else to say.The bipartisan legislative council is looking into that.How involved was he, that's the question.They're trying to get the 1100 emails. She says she wants to answer questions, but now the city is crawling with lawyers, etc.: Todd Palin doing state business, in the gov's office, being cc'd in emails, being the conduit for family pressure in TrooperGate... he seems to be the next big chapter.What will happen next?TrooperGate centers around protecting her sister, but there's no real proof of the accusastions against him.Alaska has the highest rape/incest rate in the country,
Thirty years ago this month, director James Cameron introduced the Terminator in The Terminator, setting the world on a path that would eventually make Arnold Schwarzenegger the governor of the most populous state in the US and make Michael Biehn into a vaguely recognizable name. The story begins in the skull-littered Los Angeles of 2029 (looking, 25 years before Cameron's Avatar, like it was made by an ambitious eighth grader) as sentient killer machines are wiping out every last trace of humanity, but most of the action takes place in high-1984 Los Angeles, where a time-traveling Terminator cyborg and a time-traveling human freedom fighter battle for the life of inept waitress Sarah Connor, the woman who will give birth to the man who will save humanity (isn't that always the way). From the stripmall gun shops of the Valley to the car-chase-friendly Downtown tunnels, here is your Los Angeles map guide to one of the most essentially LA action movies, The Terminator:
The Ultimate Clueless Map Guide to Los Angeles
The Ultimate Chinatown Filming Location Map of Los Angeles
"I was given options. I was given validation in telling my story. I said this bad thing happened to me and I was believed. For me that's justice." "If this had been available for my loved one, so much suffering would not have happened during the report and investigation. Helping survivors report holds the potential to save so many from this horrible crime and its aftermath." More
What happens when I report a sexual assault to a Have Options Law Enforcement Agency?
The Have Options Program offers three options for reporting a sexual assault to law enforcement including an Information Only report, a Partial Investigation and a Complete Investigation. Learn more about each option by visiting the EXPLORE YOUR OPTIONS page. You may speak with a law enforcement officer prior to making any decision about your reporting choice. You do not have to reveal your name or other identifying information to speak with law enforcement about your options. No matter what type of reporting option is chosen your access to advocacy and medical care is given priority, even when you do not initially choose to pursue a criminal investigation. Law enforcement agencies that participate in the Have Options Program encourage reporting of a sexual assault even if the person never intends to pursue criminal charges against the person who assaulted them. All You Have Options Program Law Enforcement Agencies believe in providing victims of sexual assault with as much control over their report and any subsequent criminal investigation as the law allows.
At You Have Options Law Enforcement Agencies you can:
Report and remain ANONYMOUS.
Report WITHOUT BEING PRESSURED.
Have ALL YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED before giving any personal information.
Report and then CHANGE YOUR MIND.
Report and have evidence collected REGARDLESS OF YOUR DECISION TO PROCEED with an investigation.
Request an ADVOCATE CALL YOU FIRST instead of a police officer.
Report with a support person of YOUR CHOICE by your side.
Report EVEN IF YOUR ASSAULT HAPPENED A LONG TIME AGO and you believe it may not be able to be prosecuted .
Have another person report FOR YOU.
Request that law enforcement do nothing other than DOCUMENT WHAT YOU REPORTED.
Report and be interviewed in a trauma-informed manner by TRAINED PERSONNEL.
Report to law enforcement who understand EACH PERSON'S SITUATION IS UNIQUE and will work with you to address concerns.
Request that witnesses NOT BE INTERVIEWED.
Request that law enforcement NOT CONTACT THE PERSON who assaulted you.
Report and BE INCLUDED in decisions about the investigation.
Report and BE KEPT INFORMED about the investigation.
Why YHOP?
For too long those in law enforcement who have the ability to remove sexual offenders from society have rarely received the information necessary to do so. Law enforcement agencies that have joined the Have Options Program transform the criminal justice response to sexual violence by focusing on increasing the number of victims who report their assault to law enforcement and thoroughly investigating identified sexual offenders for serial perpetration. By addressing the barriers victims face when reporting sexual assault, and thereby increasing the number of sexual assault reports, the Have Options Program provides investigators with information they would otherwise never have received. When a victim is given the ability to control certain aspects of a sexual assault investigation – such as who is contacted and if an arrest is made – law enforcement and the person who was assaulted both benefit. Victims provide investigators with more accurate information, are more willing to identify their assailant and participate more fully in the investigative and judicial process. Victims are provided with the time they need to make a decision that is right for them, independent of the needs of the criminal justice system, and are more likely to report a positive experience with law enforcement regardless of the judicial outcome.
All You Have Options Program Law Enforcement Agencies believe in providing victims of sexual assault with as much control over their report and any subsequent criminal investigation as the law allows. LEARN HOW LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES CAN JOIN THE HAVE OPTIONS PROGRAM
Recently, a small cat living in Boston survived a 19-storey fall from an apartment building. It was surely a bit of luck, but cats are evolutionarily adapted to survive such falls. Cats' remarkable ability to survive falls from great heights is a simple and predictable matter of physics, evolutionary biology, and physiology.
From a great height
There are numerous accounts of cats surviving falls from seemingly deadly heights. However, as it is fairly unethical to test this ability by experimentally throwing cats out of high windows and seeing what happens, it has been hard to study these phenomena. Even so, by looking at the numbers of vet visits for such events, we get an idea of how successful a cat's biology is at bracing a serious fall. Via the BBC:
In a 1987 study of 132 cats brought to a New York City emergency veterinary clinic after falls from high-rise buildings, 90% of treated cats survived and only 37% needed emergency treatment to keep them alive. One that fell 32 stories onto concrete suffered only a chipped tooth and a collapsed lung and was released after 48 hours.
It is pretty apparent from stories and reports like these that cats know how to fall effectively, but how do they do it?
The science of falling cats
First, cats have a high body surface area in proportion to their weight, reducing the pressure to their bodies when they hit the ground (because pressure equals force divided by area).
Second, because of their surface area and their low weight they reach terminal velocity, or the speed at which the pull of gravity is matched by wind resistance, much quicker than larger animals like humans. This means that they fall at a slower speed and subsequently hit the ground with less force. Again via the BBC:
For instance, an average-sized cat with its limbs extended achieves a terminal velocity of about 60mph (97km/h), while an average-sized man reaches a terminal velocity of about 120mph (193km/h), according to the 1987 study by veterinarians Wayne Whitney and Cheryl Mehlhaff.
Though we see cats usually living in someone's house, cats are traditionally arboreal animals (they live in trees). Because sooner of later they are bound to fall, and any tree-dwelling animal will eventually pounce for prey and miss, cats are evolutionarily adapted to survive falls. That is to say, it is evolutionarily beneficial to be able to survive a fall, and as such modern house cats retain this ancestral adaptation.
Third, again through natural selection, cats have what is called aerial righting reflex which allows them to, given enough time, sense that they are falling incorrectly and spin themselves around like a skydiver or astronaut so that their feet are facing the ground. Having your main shock absorbers hit the ground instead of your back is crucial for fall survival. Interestingly, every animal that lives in the trees has a similar reflex, suggesting the same evolutionary process. You can see a shot by shot view of the aerial righting reflex below.
Fourth, cats also spread out their legs when they fall (as seen in the first picture above), increasing their surface area and slowing their descent by increasing the air's drag on their bodies. Just how much this action slows their descent is unclear.
Fifth, cats have long muscular legs, adapted for climbing trees, that act as great shock absorbers. The same large muscles that allow them to jump many times their own height allows them to divert energy into decelerating them once they hit the ground instead of breaking bones. Because much of what is destructive about a collision is how rapidly a body decelerates, having long, springy legs allows cats to decelerate more slowly, thus reducing the seriousness of the collision.
WARNING PHYSICS CONTENT: For an example, think of an egg falling either onto a sheet held above the ground or onto pavement. In both cases the egg will come to a stop, meaning that the change in momentum (from some quantity during the fall to zero) is the same for both cases. However, because this change in momentum is dependent on the force applied to the egg and how long the force is applied to the egg, extending the amount of time the force is applied thus reduces the force applied.
So, why does the egg break on the pavement and not on the sheet even though the change in momentum is the same? The sheet is flexible and allows the time of collision to be extended, therefore reducing the force imparted to the egg. The pavement has an almost instant time of collision, therefore increasing the force and breaking the egg. You can also see this happening with your own body. If you jump to the ground from any height, you bend your knees upon impact, extending the time of collision and lessening the impact force. Learn more here.
Cats reduce the force imparted to their legs by having strong and springy legs in the first place. If cats landed from with their legs completely straight and rigid however, all of their bones would most likely break. Cat's legs also have joints that can bend off to the sides of their bodies when they fall, unlike humans, which further reduces the force to their bodies.
Even given all of this adaptation, many house cats are estimated to be overweight and under-exercised and this reduces their ability to right themselves in mid-air and increases the speed at which they hit the ground. In all of their natural glory however, cats are purrfectly adapted to survive high falls.
The lesson from all of this? Cats that survive these incredibly high falls are lucky. Though many cats would survive, most would have severe lung damage, would have a broken leg or two or three or four, maybe have damage to the tail, and maybe more likely than any of that a broken jaw or dental damage. So put screens on your windows if you have a cat. They could probably handle a tumble from a tree, but an apartment building was never selected for.
[Via the BBC, HyperPhysics]
Advertisements
“These drills are in the spirit of the Cold War”
Paul Joseph Watson
Infowars.com
July 25, 2013
Russia has slammed an upcoming NATO military exercise set to take place in the ex-Soviet Baltic republics that centers around a “foreign invasion” of Poland and represents the organization's biggest training drill since the Cold War.
Entitled Steadfast Jazz 2013, the drill will test the command and control elements of NATO's Response Force in response to a simulated invasion of Poland by a “foreign power”. The exercise, set to take place in November, will also be held in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Planning for the drill began over a year ago.
Russia's Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov complained that the NATO drill invoked cold war tensions.
“I can't hide the fact that the Russian Defense Ministry was bewildered by the proclaimed goal of this exercise, which envisages the application of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty triggering a response to an aggression against Poland. These drills are in the spirit of the Cold War,” Antonov told RIA Novosti.
The exercise represents NATO's largest training drill since the Cold War and is in response to the “real fear of external aggression” in that region of Europe, according to the Heritage Foundation.
Although expressing anger over NATO wargames which ostensibly simulate a Russian attack on Poland, Russia itself has conducted drills over the past two weeks that also represent their biggest such military exercises since the Cold War.
As we reported on Tuesday, Russia ordered its missile defense forces in the Urals region to conduct a “snap drill” involving the redeployment of missile units in order to achieve “high alert” readiness within a short time frame.
This followed the largest military exercises since the Soviet era last week which involved 130 combat aircraft, 70 ships, 5,000 tanks, 160,000 troops and 320 tons of equipment. The drill, which took place near the border with China, “was intended to simulate a response to a hypothetical attack by Japanese and US forces,” according to Konstantin Sivkov, a retired officer of the Russian military's General Staff.
Having recently intercepted Russian strategic bombers that were practicing “bombing runs against U.S. and Japanese military bases” in the Western Pacific, it was reported today that Japan is set to dispense with its pacifist constitution and consider “acquiring the ability to launch pre-emptive military strikes.”
Russia's displeasure at NATO wargames so close to its border follow the former Soviet state's decision to develop a new missile defense radar in southern Russia designed to counter missiles launched from Europe, as part of maneuvers which pose, “a strategic threat to the United States and NATO allies,” according to US military officials.
Russia is also working on a new generation of nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles called the Yars-M which “Russian officials say will be able to penetrate U.S. missile defenses.”
Last year, Russia threatened to conduct military strikes against NATO targets in Poland and Romania if missile defense radars were deployed in eastern Europe. NATO and the US claim the missile defense system is to counter Iran, but many geopolitical analysts concur that it is primarily aimed at Russia.
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com. He is the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a host for Infowars Nightly News.
Somewhere, Stephen Harper is sitting reading the news, and laughing quietly to himself. If not, he should be.
Canada's political leaders have gathered in Vancouver, and unity has not broken out. Harper declined to attend most of these gatherings during his years as prime minister, and took great heat for it. Now Justin Trudeau is discovering why he refused.
Get-togethers like the one in Vancouver used to be called First Ministers meetings. Then they became The Council of the Federation. Now they're the provincial premiers, the Prime Minister, leaders from the three territories and (some of) the First Nations. (Aboriginal leaders are already complaining not enough of them were invited). Only in Canada would we expect that by stuffing more politicians into a room, co-operation would increase.
It hasn't. The CBC reports that the leaders are all keen not to validate Mr. Harper's argument that national summits were a waste of time: nothing got done, everyone spent their time grandstanding, and Ottawa was treated as a combination punching bag and cash-dispensing machine.
So they are eager to agree on something, even if it's nothing substantial. Which is pretty much how they've always papered over the cracks in the past.
The Vancouver meeting is supposed to be all about a climate change plan. Trudeau promised the UN summit in Paris that he'd produce one. He's in Vancouver for the express purpose of winning agreement to Ottawa's proposal for a national minimum carbon charge. Provinces representing most of Canada's population– 80% — already have some form of carbon pricing, or are planning it. So the last little step to a national plan wouldn't seem that difficult.
Except, when you're dealing with the provinces, territories and First Nations, it is. It always is.
The official meeting hadn't even begun Wednesday when B.C. premier Christy Clark let the air out of Ottawa's balloon.
“There's no consensus on that,” she said of the pricing plan. Saskatchewan's Premier Brad Wall had already stated flatly that he wouldn't sign any such agreement. Newfoundland Premier Dwight Ball said the premiers were united in their opposition to it. They may get around to discussing carbon pricing later, but not now.
What the provinces want, just as they always have, is for Ottawa to sign on to their plans, and send money. Ball said Ottawa should get beyond pricing into “carbon management” strategies. “The main thing is that the provinces would have flexibility to reduce carbon as they see fit,” he said.
Clark said her No. 1 priority is not a carbon tax – B.C. already has one – but securing money from Ottawa to upgrade the hydro grid between B.C. and Alberta. Alberta may not agree with that priority, but Clark has been busy slamming Alberta anyway, claiming it frittered away its oil legacy. So open hostilities are nothing new on that front.
Ontario's Kathleen Wynne tried to play the peacemaker between East and West, but in the process made clear that East comes first.
Ontario's Kathleen Wynne tried to play the peacemaker between East and West, but in the process made clear that East comes first. Yes, she and Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard want to play nice with the West as it seeks to build an oil pipeline to the Atlantic. But don't get pushy.
“It is very, very important to us in Ontario that the partnership with Quebec continue to be strengthened,” she said, standing next to Couillard. “It's important to us as Ontarians, but it's important to Canada, I think, for Central Canada to be working together.”
The West, important. Ontario and Quebec, REALLY important.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Maybe someone in Ottawa saw this coming. Trudeau's government has already demonstrated that what comes out of its mouth doesn't necessarily match with what it really plans to do. If the provinces can't see their way to accommodating federal priorities, an unnamed federal official told the CBC, then Ottawa would force the issue.
“We feel that we've got a mandate to do it. And we want to do it in co-operation with the provinces,” the official said. “But at the end of the day we are going to do it.” “This should be a conversation about how we are going to price carbon, not whether.”
If Stephen Harper had uttered that remark, he'd have been denounced from coast to coast. If he read it, he couldn't have helped but laugh. Harper's position was exactly the one the provinces are now demanding of Trudeau: carbon is their jurisdiction, and they should be the ones making the decisions. When Harper was prime minister, the premiers complained that they needed Ottawa's “leadership” to bring them together on the file. Now Trudeau is offering leadership, and they're united against it.
This really must be a good day for Harper. Wherever he is, I bet he's glad he's not banging his head against a wall of premiers in Vancouver.
National Post
A cemetery containing more than a million mummified human bodies has been unearthed in central Egypt, according to archaeologists.
Scientists have already excavated more than 1,700 mummies, preserved by the hot dry desert in the Faiyum region of Egypt about 60 miles (96km) south of Cairo.
But those leading the work believe their could be up to a million similar bodies buried in shafts cut into the limestone rock that are at times up to 75ft (22.9 metres) deep.
Scroll down for video
A mummified 18 month old girl with bracelets still on both arms was recently found at the Fag el-Gamous site
It is thought that the mummies were buried around 1,500 years ago, between the 1st and 7th Century AD, when Egypt was controlled by the Roman and Byzantine Empire.
Unlike many famous mummified remains discovered in Egypt, these were found in mass graves and appear to be ordinary citizens rather than royalty or other important figures.
A BRIEF HISTORY OF EGYPT Prehistoric Egypt pre–3100 BC Ancient Egypt Early Dynastic Period 3100–2686 BC Old Kingdom 2686–2181 BC 1st Intermediate Period 2181–2055 BC Middle Kingdom 2055–1650 BC 2nd Intermediate Period 1650–1550 BC New Kingdom* 1550–1069 BC 3rd Intermediate Period 1069–664 BC Late Period 664–332 BC Classical Antiquity Achaemenid Egypt 525–332 BC Ptolemaic Egypt 332–30 BC Roman & Byzantine Egypt 30 BC–641 AD Sassanid Egypt 621–629 Middle Ages Arab Egypt 641–969 Fatimid Egypt 969–1171 Ayyubid Egypt 1171–1250 Mamluk Egypt 1250–1517 Early Modern Ottoman Egypt 1517–1867 French occupation 1798–1801 Egypt under Muhammad Ali 1805–1882 Khedivate of Egypt 1867–1914 Modern Egypt British occupation 1882–1953 Sultanate of Egypt 1914–1922 Kingdom of Egypt 1922–1953 Republic 1953–present *Time period from which tomb KV 40 is believed to originate.
Yet scientists are baffled about where the huge numbers of mummies came from - the remains of a nearby village is too small to warrant such a large cemetery and the nearest town, named Philadelphia after King Ptolemy II Phiadelphus, has its own burial sites.
Archaeologists have also uncovered a bizarre range of mummies, including one man who is more than seven feet (213 cm) tall.
They have also discovered that the mummies appear to be clustered together by hair colour, with those with blond hair in one area and all of those with red hair in another.
Professor Kerry Muhlestein, project director of the excavation at Brigham Young University, in Utah, said: 'The cemetery is densely populated. 'In a square that is 5 x 5 meters across and usually just over 2 meters deep, we will typically find about 40 burials.
'The cemetery is very large, and so far seems to maintain that kind of burial density throughout.
'Thus the maths suggests that there are over a million mummies in the cemetery, though we cannot be certain of this without further exploration and a thorough academic review process.'
Although the Fag el-Gamous necropolis, which is named after a nearby road that translates as 'Way of the Buffalo', was first discovered nearly 30 years ago, archaeologists are still trying to piece together what they have found there.
Annual excavations at the site, on the eastern edge of the Faiyum region, near the city of Silah, regularly unearth mummified remains and Professor Muhlestein presented the latest discoveries at the Scholars Colloquim at the Society for the Study of Egyptian Antiquities last month.
Among the recent discoveries made last year were the mummified remains of a little girl aged around 18 months old, still with two bracelets on each arm.
Unlike royal Egyptian mummies, the people buried at Fag el-Gamous had few goods buried with them and were laid in the ground without coffins.
Their internal organs were also rarely removed, an important part of the mummification process, so it is the arid environment of the desert that is largely thought to have preserved the bodies.
However, with the latest discovery of the little girl, Professor Muhlestein said there appears to have also been some attempt by those who buried her to use the full mummification process.
Writing on the team's Facebook page, which Professor Muhlestein only recently updated in an attempt to keep the discoveries secret, said: 'This mummy was beautifully wrapped in a tunic and with other nice wrappings.
Many bodies were found in clusters, like these wrapped remains of two children and two adults
Bodies tended to be clustered by hair colour, like this one with long blonde hair that is thought to be female
'There was some evidence that they tried much of the full mummification process. The toes and toenails and brain and tongue were amazingly preserved.
'We found a wonderful necklace and two bracelets on each arm. The jewellery makes us think it was a girl, but we cannot tell.
'She was buried with great care as someone who obviously loved her very much did all they could to take care of this little girl in burial. Very sad.
'But they succeeded, it was a beautiful burial. She had been buried with several other mummies, so we are interested in examining them.'
Another woman, with long blonde hair, was found buried among a group of other bodies that all had healthy sets of teeth.
Professor Muhlestein said: 'Quite a few of our mummies had excellent teeth, something that is unusual.
Scientists have already excavated more than 1,700 mummies, preserved by the hot dry desert in the Faiyum region of Egypt about 60 miles (96km) south of Cairo. They believe there are around a million to be found
The mummies were found in deep shafts hacked into the limestone bedrock beneath the surface of the desert
More than 1,700 bodies have been recovered from the 300 acre site since it was discovered 30 years ago
'One wonders if it is genetics that caused a group that may be related to each other to have better teeth than the norm.
'Of course we don't know that they are related just because they are buried near each other, but throughout the history of the world it is common for families to be buried near each other.
'It seems likely, but we cannot assume.'
He added: 'The cemetery is largely a Roman period cemetery, located in the Fayoum area of Egypt.
'The burials are not in tombs, but rather in a field of sand. The people in the cemetery represent the common man.
'They are the average people who are usually hard to learn about because they are not very visible in written sources.
'They were poor, yet they put a tremendous amount of their resources into providing beautiful burials.'
With the cemetery stretching over 300 acres, Professor Muhlestein believes there are many more secrets to be uncovered in its burial shafts.
A small pyramid built nearby to the cemetery more than 4,500 years ago - two millennia before the cemetery was first used - may also hold some more clues as to what these people were doing here.
'It's hard to know where all these people were coming from,' Professor Muhlestein told Live Science.
Many of the best preserved bodies have been wrapped in linen or reeds, which together with the dry desert climate has helped to mummify the remains, although some bodies had also had their organs removed
Researchers conduct annual excavations at the site but believe there could be a million bodies buried there
THE FATTY DIET OF EGYPT'S ANCIENT MUMMIES While some of the discoveries at Fag el-Gamous show a surprising degree of good health, such as having full sets of teeth, mummies from ancient Egypt have shown that Ancient Egyptians had quite unhealthy lifestyles. Scans of 4,000-year-old mummies have revealed evidence of hardening of the arteries – a condition which can lead to heart attacks and strokes. Earlier studies had revealed fatty arteries in a large number of Egyptian mummies but critics had dismissed the find as related to their luxurious, fatty diets.
Much of the discoveries have yet to be properly published as the archaeologists have been reluctant to reveal the exact location of the cementery.
Professor Muhlestein described how one mummy was found folded in half in order to fit him into the burial shaft. He believes that the man, who was over 7ft tall (213cm) may have suffered from a medical condition caused by an excess of growth hormone, but said more research needs to be done to prove this.
He also believes that some of the clusters by hair colour may actually be due to people being buried in family groups and so are related.
He hopes that genetic testing may be possible to help show how some of the mummies were related to each other.
Together with the bodies, archaeologists have also discovered glass beads, linen, jewelry and even colourful children's boots.
'A lot of their wealth, as little as they had, was poured into these burials,' said Professor Muhlestein.
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
Update 10/27, 10:15 p.m.: an earlier version of this story omitted the fact that 50 percent of the T-shirt sales will go to Rape Victims Advocates, a non-profit in Chicago.
As a response to calls from national leaders, advocacy organizations and The DePaulia itself, a student-led movement has emerged with the mission of raising awareness on the issue of sexual assault, one T-shirt at a time.
The movement, called Consent the D, was started earlier this month by a group of DePaul students who were not satisfied with the levels of progress being made on the issue. Senior Randy Vollrath, founder of the movement, said students need to stand up and show that sexual assault is not OK and that a movement like this is “long overdue.”
“The issue has risen to prominence in recent years, both nationally and at our own university. A few weeks ago there was a sexual assault a block off campus,” Vollrath said. “There's been a lot of talk about the issue of sexual assault lately, but nowhere near as much action. The DePaulia boldly called for action on sexual assault a few weeks ago. This is the student response.”
The name of the group is a direct reference to the Fear the D T-shirts that DePaul has sold in the past. While the “D” in that context stands for “Blue Demons”, some have raised an issue with possibly implicit undertones being expressed. Playing off of that, the group is selling T-shirts that say “Consent the D”.
“We really wanted to engage the DePaul community and bring awareness about an issue that people care about,” Drake Manelo, designer of the groups T-shirts, said. “We changed the idea a bit from the initial proposals, especially after having gathered insights from other DePaul students.”
To make the shirts, the group employed the services of ThreadMeUp, a custom apparel startup founded by DePaul alums. The shirts cost $15 and half of the T-shirt sales will go to Rape Victims Advocates, a non-profit in Chicago.
“Randy first came to us with the idea,” Paul Salvucci, co-founder of the company, said. “He interned at ThreadMeUp for the summer and witnessed firsthand the power of ThreadMeUp Movements. He created the design concept with hopes to spread awareness around campus.”
According to Salvucci, the newly formed company allows for users to create and advertise their design on a custom product where supporters can pre-order and essentially crowd fund the costs of production.
“We have seen a lot of business from college organizations, especially DePaul,” Salvucci said. “Most of our team has graduated or are still enrolled at DePaul, so naturally we connected with their community first. It's great to walk around DePaul's campus and see shirts that we helped create.”
According to Vollrath, about 30 shirts have been purchased so far. On the shirt's ThreadMeUp page, the goal in T-shirts sold is 1,000. The time to buy is limited, however, with the last day to buy being Nov. 8.
“The shirts are only available for a limited time, so you need to act quickly to get one,” Vollrath said.
With more than 250 “likes” despite little advertising to this point, the group believes that their message is resonating and that students are ready to get involved in the pro-consent movement.
“We had some great early stage growth. There will be special events exclusively for people who have purchased shirts,” he said. “We're cultivating a community around the cause. It's worth buying a shirt and following the page if only to be in on a big thing happening at DePaul.”
With a goal of getting to more than 1,000 “likes” by the end of the week, Vollrath promised many exciting things coming up with the movement.
“I'm very excited about our marketing strategy,” Vollrath said. “The next couple weeks will be exciting on the Facebook page and on campus. That's all I'll say for now.”
As part of bringing the community together, the movement established partnerships with the Alpha Epsilon Pi and Phi Kappa Psi fraternities on campus.
“We want as many people wearing the shirts as possible,” Vollrath said. “We want the DePaul community to come together and support the cause. And we want the country to know where DePaul stands on sexual assault.”
Marvel just announced a new team member will join the Guardians of the Galaxy comics! We don't know which team member it is yet. However, ComicsVerse will be the first to let you know the moment we find out. That said, we do have little information to go on so far!
ALL-NEW GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY GROWS THEIR ROSTER
The Guardians of the Galaxy will soon have their Legacy arc from Marvel. The arc, called THE INFINITY QUEST, will team up Guardians of the Galaxy with the Nova Corps! In addition, one ex-Avenger will join their ranks in an attempt to keep the whole universe safe.
As previously mentioned, we have no idea who might join the Guardians of the Galaxy. Marvel did, however, provide some hints as to who it might be. Their press release says, “Who exactly is this Avenger? One of the five Marvel superstars on this cover should give you a hint…” So, let's take a look at who is on the cover of GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY #12!
Alright, let's break down who appears on the cover! On top, we see Man-Thing. Below him, we see Deadpool, Doctor Strange, Ant-Man, and X-Men's Cable. It appears on the Guardians of the Galaxy side of things, Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon, Gamora, and Baby Groot will make up the team.
Personally, I'm not 100% sure which ex-Avenger might get added to the roster. Doctor Strange is a well-known ex-Avenger, but Deadpool is so popular. Cable and Ant-Man would fit right in and so would Man-Thing. Really, it's anyone's guess!
Which ex-Avenger do you think will join the Guardians of the Galaxy? We'll have to wait until October 18th, but I bet you can already guess!
Architect Dan Jay has been checking in with a widening circle of thinkers around town inviting them to participate in and contribute to a thought experiment:
What would the City of St. Louis look like with a population of 500,000?
More specifically:
Which city districts or neighborhoods most likely would become centers for new residents? In which order and by what increment would they add population? Over what period of time? Through what mix of amenities, service improvements, and housing types? By what logic?
More concretely:
If St. Louis' Central Business District - the square mile bounded by Chouteau, Cole, the Riverfront and Tucker - grew in population from 872 residents, in the 2000 Census, to 3,721 residents, in the 2010 Census, what might its housing and residential profile look like if, over time, the city's overall population grew from the 2012 estimate of 318,294 to 500,000? What portion of so significant a population expansion might Downtown and its environs reasonably be expected to bear - compared, say, to areas with high vacancy, or to neighborhoods with stable housing stock, or to those that are in transition?
More minutely:
How might YOUR block, or neighborhood, or neighborhoods adjacent to you (even extending out to inner-ring suburbs) change and look if they accommodated some logical part of a steady citywide population growth of up to 200,000 additional residents?
Most broadly:
How might various population growth scenarios look on a time-lapse aerial map?
Some, no doubt, would be skeptical about such an exercise. They may want to know:
What's a "thought experiment?"
It's more than a parlor game, but less than a planning process. Think of it this way:
Any formal civic goal of St. Louis attaining a city population of 500,000 would be sure to set skeptics' eyes rolling. St. Louis, after all, has lost population over each of six consecutive decennial censuses. The rate of loss has slowed dramatically. But St. Louis is part of a region that collectively, over four decades, has achieved virtually no population growth.
Consider the scale of the undertaking. To add through internal migration the 185,000 new residents needed for St. Louis to become a 500,000 population city, for example, would require almost every soul counted in the 2010 census in Florissant, University City, Webster Groves, Kirkwood, Clayton, Jennings, Normandy, Richmond Heights, Brentwood and Maplewood to move into the city.
On the other hand, St. Charles County grew by more than 200,000 people over the 30 years between 1980 and 2010. Chicago, Jay points out, staged its great Columbian Exposition of 1893 less than 22 years after Catherine O'Leary's cow reportedly kicked over a lantern in a small barn behind 137 DeKoven Street.
St. Louis, itself, has twice before reached a population of 500,000 - ahead of the 1900 census, on the way up; and sometime before the 1980 census, on the way down.
What does St. Louis today have in common with the St. Louis that grew meteorically to 500,000 around the start of the last century? Foreign-born immigrants.
We had lots of them, then. About half of the city's population in 1910 was foreign born or first-generation American.
We want lots of them, today. St. Louis' Mosaic Project has set as its goal St. Louis becoming, by 2020, the metro area with the fastest growing immigrant population.
It's not hard to imagine 200,000 productive and educated people out of a world population of more than 7 billion being attracted to this city. St. Louis' status as a world center in agricultural and food science alone could be such a draw.
Immigration of course isn't the only path to population growth. There's the old fashioned way.
The St. Louis that reached 500,000 people more than a century ago no doubt differed from today's St. Louis in this respect: It had larger families.
But consider this: According to 2012 census estimates, St. Louis City and St. Charles County have virtually the same number of total households, 139,840 and 134,693, respectively.
St. Louis City has an average household size of 2.20. St. Charles County's average household is 2.64. (The national average in 2010 was 2.58).
If St. Louis grew its average household by just the .44 people needed to match St. Charles County's average - Presto! We add more than 60,000 people to the city's population.
Why 500,000?
Good question. Here's the thinking: St. Louis, at its 800,000 population peak, from the 1930s to the 1950s, had much higher than ideal density. Today, a city population of less than 40 percent of the all-time high comes with density that is far less than ideal, at least in parts of the city.
A half-million people citywide is within shouting distance of the St. Louis City's density sweet spot. It is a reasonable point to start a conversation. It represents, generally, a higher density than our suburban neighbors. It encourages urban amenities such as street retail, public transit, shared roads, and housing diversity that a region's urban core should have.
Here's what can be said with certainty:
As recently as 20 years ago, the following barely qualified as science fiction concepts in the City of St. Louis: Cortex, the Grove, Botanical Heights, CityGarden, loft living downtown, Northside Regeneration, the CityArchRiver project, Great Rivers Greenway, a growing number of charter schools offering quality educational choices, and a citywide crime reduction of more than 50 percent.
A growing St. Louis that steadily moves toward a stable population of 500,000 would yield a more sustainable, diverse and dynamic city -- if we think things through.
So, hats off to Dan Jay and a growing cadre of intrepid analysts for imagining tomorrow's possibilities, taking stock of its opportunities, and having fun along the way - and for understanding that rolling eyes, by definition, are incapable of looking ahead.
(Photo Credit: Adam Crane. Used with his permission. )
Share 0 SHARES
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny, who was met by thousands of protesters outside Dail Eireann today, asked the crowd why they were not in work today instead of ‘standing around, complaining'.
Mr Kenny made the comments shortly before being quickly escorted into Leinster house by armed Gardai.
It is understood the crowd gathered outside the Dáil in the early hours of this morning, for a protest against austerity, as TDs get back to work.
The Taoiseach shooed several people out of his way upon his arrival.
“Seriously, why aren't you lot in work today.” he shouted. “I thought all of ye would have emigrated by now.”
Speaking to WWN, Mr. Kenny said he really feels ‘everyone's pain' at the moment, but urged people to stop their whinging and focus their energy's on creating work or emigrating.
“Just because they have no jobs to do today, doesn't mean I have time to sacrifice mine to listen to them.”
“There are loads of things to be done around the country,” he pointed out. “Why can't they volunteer around the community if they're so bored.”
“Plenty of roads need fixing.”
About 50 people greeted TDs as they returned to the Dáil this morning with the intention to form a human chain around the entrance, but proved difficult as protesters were said to be total ‘pussies' by Gardai, and were moved away with ease.
“There was only about fifty skinny tree huggers there and that hunger striker fella from before,” said a garda spokesperson. “sure theres not a fucking pick on him!”
It is understood that an extra garda unit has been detailed to taunt the protesters later.
“We'll see if we can press a few hippy buttons this evening and have the bit of craic.” he added.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The sports star says taking part in a gay adult film changed his life.
An Irish footballer claims starring in a same-sex porn flick two years ago has won him a legion of new fans – who he says still see him as a “gay icon”.
Struggling to pay of his spiralling debts, Cathal McCarron made the desperate decision to take part in a gay porn film – despite identifying as straight.
Two days after taking part in the film, the Irish sports star had spent his £3,000 fee on his crippling gambling addiction – which had seen him steal over £20,000 by the time he was 21.
“When the filming was over I felt physically sick, disgusted that I had allowed myself to sink into such an abyss of degradation and humiliation,” he writes in his new autobiography – extracts of which appeared in the Irish News.
However, McCarron says the experience made him question his path in life, leading to a stint in rehab and eventually back to the career he loves playing for Tyrone GAA.
He was won a whole host of new fans – many of whom still think he is gay.
“Some people will continue to form the same opinion of you. A lot of them still think I'm gay,” he said.
“Every day, I still get online approaches, or some form of social media connectivity, from the gay community.
“Some gay men seem to look upon me as a kind of gay icon. That's how I was tagged on some LGBT community websites and discussion boards.
“The last thing I am is gay, but I'll take those comments above vile, vitriolic, homophobic and personal abuse any day of the week,” he adds.
“I completely respect the lesbian and gay community, because I really appreciated their messages of support when so many others wanted to bury me.”
Cathal McCarron's autobiography Out of Control is released on October 20.
KOUROU, French Guiana – Europe's Arianespace commercial launch company, which for 35 years has had a stable relationship to its industrial shareholders and government backers, is preparing for a major change in direction this fall as it becomes a 74-percent-owned subsidiary of Airbus Safran Launchers.
It remains unclear what changes will be made to the company. ASL officials have said they would keep the Arianespace brand name and allow it to continue to operate as a separate entity, with its own headquarters and branch offices.
But the pressure to reduce costs that is forcing an overhaul of Europe's entire rocket industry will almost certainly affect Arianespace and its 313 employees. The key development is the coming of the new-generation Ariane 6 rocket, to replace Ariane 5 starting in 2020; and the Vega-C, an upgrade of the current Vega small-satellite launcher.
In a Jan. 28 interview here at Europe's Guiana Space Center spaceport, Arianespace Chief Executive Stephane Israel outlined the milestones that, within a year, should result in an Arianespace version 2.0.
It starts with the European Commission's approval of ASL's purchase, for 150 million euros ($162 million), of the French government's 35 percent Arianespace stake. That is expected to occur by March.
Next up is the negotiation between the European Space Agency (ESA) and ASL on final pricing for the Ariane 6 rocket, to fly starting in 2020. Once that Program Implementation Review is completed in September, Arianespace will begin marketing the Ariane 6 and the Vega-C rockets.
In addition, the company expects to conclude a memorandum of understanding with ESA, ASL, Vega prime contractor Avio and the French space agency, CNES, on how their relations will evolve as Ariane 6 and Vega-C are introduced.
“The evolution of our shareholder structure and the preparing the exploitation of Ariane 6 and Vega-C are going on in parallel with the competitiveness plan we're implementing before the arrival of the new vehicles,” Israel said.
Israel has said the company wants to shave some 5 percent from the current cost of the Ariane 5 rocket to be able to pass the savings on to customers and better compete with SpaceX of the United States. The company has already dropped prices for lighter-weight satellites sitting in Ariane 5's lower berth, where the competition with SpaceX has been the sharpest.
Israel said Arianespace expects to sign with ASL a final Ariane 5 batch order contract by the end of this year, an order large enough to supply customers through sometime in 2023 – three years after the first Ariane 6 — at which point Ariane 5 will be retired.
Arianespace will also sign, with Avio of Italy, a contract for Vega and Vega-C rockets late this year following the ESA review, he said.
Commercial satellite operators will be given the choice between Ariane 5 and Ariane 6 for launches between 2020 and 2023.
“I imagine that the price of the launchers will not be the same, but neither will their levels of maturity,” Israel said, noting that Ariane 6 is designed to be 40-50% less costly than Ariane 5.
“Launching with a rocket that by then will have close to 100 successful flights is not the same as a rocket just starting service,” Israel said. “By 2021 we should be at around the fifth Ariane 6 launch, which will be sold at a given price. Ariane 5 will have another price. Customers will make a choice.”
More immediately, Arianespace has an Ariane 5 flight manifest that is nearly – but not completely – booked to 2018. “We could accommodate maybe one or two slots in our upper position in 2017,” Israel said, referring to the berth for heavier telecommunications satellites. “For the lower position, it looks like there are no openings until 2018.”
The European Commission, which is the executive arm of the 28-nation European Union, is preparing a comprehensive space strategy, to be published by the end of the year. Commission and European Union officials have said they would like to focus more attention on launchers.
The French government now pays more than 50 percent of the costs of the Guiana Space Center. French officials have suggested that the commission should consider paying a share of the costs of what the commission sees as a critical European infrastructure, and one that assures European space autonomy.
The spaceport, located on French territory on the northeast coast of South America, is also classed as an “ultra-peripheral region” eligible for European Regional Development Fund backing, a commission program to redress regional economic imbalances.
The European has also become the biggest single customer for Arianespace.
“I cannot say whether the European Commission will invest in the facility here,” Israel said. “But there are lots of reasons to do so, and there is not much risk of cost overrun. This is not a new development and there is not much risk of bad surprises. There are lots of reasons for the commission to become a financial sponsor.”
Five persons have been arrested in connection with a rape complaint lodged by a 23-year-old Japanese woman, who had visited the city on November 23, last year, police said on Friday.
Advertising
The woman was allegedly trapped by a group of tour guides, who took her to Digha in East Midnapore and later to Bodhgaya in Bihar where she was gangraped.
The victim had returned to Kolkata and lodged a complaint with the police at the end of November. In her complaint, she had alleged that she was molested in Digha where her credit and debit cards were also snatched. Following this, she was taken to Bodhgaya where she was gangraped by the group.
Joint CP (Crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh said that among the five arrested — three were picked up from Kolkata and two from Bodhgaya.
“There was a racket of tour guides proficient in Japanese. They can speak and write Japanese. This group targets Japanese tourists and trap women. They snatch their cards and money. Some of these guides have also married Japanese women,” said Ghosh.
“A month ago, the Japanese consulate lodged a complaint with the Kolkata Police commissioner and we started investigating the matter. In November, we received a specific complaint from a 23-year-old. While probing the complaint, we traced the racket,” he added.
Advertising
The consulate reportedly told the police that they have received several complaints of Japanese tourists being looted and sexually assaulted. Following a complaint lodged by the Consulate, a special team was formed, including the woman grievance cell and bank fraud cell of the detective department.
The Supercars race at the Australian Formula 1 Grand Prix will carry championship points for the first time next season, the Australian Grand Prix Corporation has announced.
The long-awaited news has been confirmed alongside a new six-year deal that will see Supercars at Albert Park until at least 2023.
Supercar has raced at Albert Park 21 times since 1996, always in a non-championship capacity.
The breakthrough agreement follows last year's takeover of Formula 1's commercial rights by American group Liberty Media, which raised hopes a deal could finally be reached.
While a race format is yet to be confirmed, Supercars CEO James Warburton said that championship status will better showcase the category to the world.
“This fantastic opportunity to host championship races at the Albert Park Grand Prix Circuit will further showcase Supercars on the world-stage,” Warburton said.
“I am delighted to say that thanks to the hard work and perseverance of the AGPC, and the foresight of Formula 1, it is now a reality.
“A championship round and the six-year contract extension through to 2023 will be warmly received by our fans and add a new dimension to the event.”
A long-time supporter of the push for points, AGPC CEO Andrew Westacott said that getting the deal over the line is a boost for the event.
“We continually listen to our fans and there has been a strong appetite for a Supercars Championship round, so we see the partnership as a highly beneficial one and we are excited to bring this opportunity to fruition,” Westacott said.
“It has also been great to have the support of Formula 1 and the can-do attitude of Supercars to help bring it all together and work towards creating an even better event for 2018 and beyond.”
Minister for Tourism and Major Events, The Hon. John Eren added his enthusiasm for the upgrade in status.
“The introduction of a Supercars Championship round will increase local and international interest and shine the spotlight on the city of Melbourne and the fantastic sporting events we consistently host,” Minister John Eren said.
“In addition to the FIA Formula One World Championship, the Supercars Championship will add to the spectacle of competitive racing and the fan experience at this world-class event.”
A date for the 2018 Australian Formula 1 Grand Prix and the Supercars race format will be confirmed in the coming months.
Immigration is discussed in Britain as if it is a disease that needs to be treated, rather than a fact of life that needs to be coped with, the new shadow Europe minister, Pat McFadden, has said. His remarks were designed to show he wants to see the party address globalisation, rather than pretend it is irreversible.
He said: “We have been talking about immigration as if it is some kind of disease that needs to be treated, rather than a fact of life that has to be coped with. There is an important difference between the rules around which a more global world operates, and trying to opt out of it. The thing for a progressive, centre-left party not to do is to cross the line into trying to opt out of these changes.”
Interviewed by Progress magazine, McFadden added: “We really have a choice: you can feed on people's grievances or you can give people a chance. And I think our policies should be around giving people a chance, not a grievance.”
He insists his remarks were aimed at the nature of the national debate on immigration, and were not an attack on those in the Labour party who have called for a tightening of immigration controls or EU migrants' access to tax credits, a proposal advanced by the shadow work and pensions secretary, Rachel Reeves, before being announced on Friday by David Cameron.
There is a “huge sense of loss”. McFadden said, felt deeply by many in the UK, and it is this that feeds the impulse to shrink from the outside world. “But the solution to allaying fears of a globalised world lies in giving people the tools to reap the benefits of that world. Our response has to be to make this connected world work better for people.”
Labour's response to the prime minister's proposals on Friday was mixed, with Douglas Alexander, the shadow foreign secretary, initially claiming Cameron had caved in to his backbenchers. Reeves said on BBC2's Daily Politics show that the prime minister had not gone far enough to tackle exploitation or to deport illegal migrants. The shadow home secretary, Yvette Cooper, said there were gaps in Cameron's sensible proposals.
The differences reflect the private tactical and policy debate inside Labour over how far the party should go to reassure its working-class base that it will act to prevent the disruption to communities and jobs caused by mass immigration.
McFadden, a key figure in Tony Blair's government who was elevated to the front bench by Ed Miliband with a less than a year to go before the next election, also argues that Britain will benefit by remaining positive within the EU.
He said: “The fundamental difference between the Blair-led government and the current government is that when we argued the case in the EU – and you always win some battles and lose some battles – we did it as a country that was trying to exert a leading influence within the EU. That means you work with others where you share a common interest and you try to get the best outcome. There is a difference between that and continually threatening to leave. This is important because the Tories set out a case that continually threatening to leave means you get the best deal.”
He also accused Cameron of stumbling towards a UK exit from the EU, even if the prime minister plans to say little more on Europe between now and the start of the election campaign. McFadden said “‘Brexit by design' would be one option. “It wouldn't be an option I support, but it would be one option. But ‘Brexit by default', through a strategy of throwing bones to your backbenchers, or trying to fend off a nationalist threat in the form of Ukip, is a bigger abdication of leadership than ‘Brexit by design'.”
The best response to globalisation, he argued, is to give everyone a chance to succeed regardless of background. Globalisation, he said, means “you have effects that are literally disruptive, sometimes that can cause unease, sometimes people say, ‘Is this too much, too quickly?' And we shouldn't dismiss these questions; they're important. And so we should respond to them in a way that helps with the change and helps to make it work better.”
Yesterday we reported on a rumor that Google would unveil a new "Android VR" platform at Google I/O next week, along with a standalone headset. Today we're seeing what looks like additional evidence. Folks who sign into the Google Play Developer Console are seeing Android VR alongside Android Wear, Android TV, and Android Auto.
No, it's not a mirage. The icon has appeared in the Pricing & Distribution area. Clicking doesn't do anything yet, unlike the other platforms. The current icon is the same as that of Android Wear, which suggests that this is only a placeholder for now — that, plus further confirmation of Google's upcoming plans.
Previous evidence comes in the form of rumors, a Google I/O schedule containing plenty of VR sessions, a reference in the latest Unreal Engine preview, and tweets from Peter Rojas such as this one.
Android VR will definitely be announced next week, and from what I've heard will be less powerful than the Vive or Rift. — Peter Rojas (@peterrojas) May 11, 2016
So if you love VR, it looks like you're going to have something to be very excited about come next week.
Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. workers will vote Wednesday and Thursday on whether to unionize under the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, a national union representing utility and other trade workers.
The move would create a new local chapter of IBEW, Local 410, to represent 1,419 electric and gas workers of the Baltimore-based utility. BGE workers involved in the effort say unionizing would give them a stronger voice now that the company is part of Exelon Corp., one of the largest energy companies in the country.
BGE, which employs a total of 3,200 people, is the only one of six utilities owned by Chicago-based Exelon that is not represented by a union.
"BGE is no longer a ma-pa company like it used to be," said Eric Gomez, a 44-year-old underground lines crew leader at BGE. "Now that we're owned by a very large corporation, it's almost like we don't have a voice."
BGE and its then-parent company, Constellation, were acquired by Exelon in 2012. Since then, Gomez, who has worked for BGE for 12 years, said he has noticed an increase in the number of contractors working for the utility and is worried that that could compromise safety for his crews.
Kim Hairston / Baltimore Sun BEW organizers and some BGE workers rally at the Exelon building in advance of vote to unionize. BEW organizers and some BGE workers rally at the Exelon building in advance of vote to unionize. (Kim Hairston / Baltimore Sun) (Kim Hairston / Baltimore Sun)
"We do one of the most dangerous jobs in the world, and compromising safety is not an option," said Gomez, of Forest Hill.
Gomez hasn't encountered any safety issues, but he said BGE has always been a leader in worker safety and he wants to hold the company to that standard.
BGE acknowledged that it is hiring more contractors but said they are part of continuing work to modernize the company's gas and electric systems that predates the Exelon deal. Aaron Koos, a BGE spokesman, rejected the idea that a growing number of contractors would compromise worker safety, saying contractors are required to meet the safety standards required of the company's own employees.
CAPTION Retired competitive skiier Lindsey Vonn visits UnderArmour to the delight of area high school students. (Karl Merton Ferron, Baltimore Sun video) Retired competitive skiier Lindsey Vonn visits UnderArmour to the delight of area high school students. (Karl Merton Ferron, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION A Virginia seafood business owner has been sentenced to nearly four years in jail and a $15,000 fine for crab fraud. A Virginia seafood business owner has been sentenced to nearly four years in jail and a $15,000 fine for crab fraud.
"BGE employees have a long and proud history of speaking for themselves and working directly with management on any issues, concerns and ways to improve the company," Koos said. "That sort of flexibility and collaboration has served BGE employees and customers well, leading to the strongest performance in the company's history in service reliability, safety and customer satisfaction."
The vote is the fifth attempt by the IBEW to organize BGE workers over the past 21 years. BGE employees most recently rejected joining the union in 2010.
In anticipation of the vote, the IBEW held a rally Tuesday outside Exelon's Harbor Point building. About 75 people, mostly IBEW volunteers from other parts of the country, held signs and chanted in support of forming a local chapter.
The most recent unionization effort comes amid a decline in union membership nationwide.
Just over 11 percent of wage and salary workers were part of a union in 2015, unchanged from the previous year, but down from a union membership rate of 20 percent in 1983, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Threats of technology that could automate workers' tasks and outsourcing jobs overseas have limited labor's bargaining power, said Jeremy Schwartz, an assistant professor of economics at Loyola University Maryland. Right-to-work laws, which prohibit unions and employers from making deals that require any hired worker to be part of a union, have also made it harder to organize workers, he said.
The IBEW represents about 725,000 active members and retirees in utilities, construction, broadcasting, and manufacturing, among other fields.
Union representatives declined to give specifics but said membership has grown since the financial crisis of 2008, when its ranks took a hit.
But pressure remains to add new members in anticipation of an aging — and retiring — baby boomer generation.
Recruiting new members is the IBEW's top priority, said Ricky Oakland, assistant to the president for membership development at the IBEW.
"We need to grow," Oakland said. "When you grow, you gain bargaining strength, you negotiate better contracts."
How a union might affect BGE and its customers remains to be seen.
Unions can negotiate for better pay and working conditions, as well as require notice before workers are relocated — all of which puts pressure on employers, Schwartz said. He said he could not say how a union might affect BGE because every company responds differently.
When asked whether a union might push BGE to seek a rate increase or affect its responsiveness, Koos, the BGE spokesman, said it was premature to speculate.
David Kelly, a 32-year veteran of BGE, emphasized that workers' efforts are not intended as an attack on BGE or Exelon, but rather as a way to ensure a voice at a growing and changing company.
"It's time," said Kelly, 57, of Aberdeen. "Things have changed over the years and it's time for solidarity."
sarah.gantz@baltsun.com
WASHINGTON — Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson (D-NE) has followed the fastidious Sen. Joe Lieberman (I-CT) in withdrawing his support from the Senate health care compromise, which jettisoned the public insurance option in favor of a Medicare buy-in program for people 55 years and up.
“I am concerned that it's the forerunner of single payer, the ultimate single-payer plan, maybe even more directly than the public option,” Nelson said on Sunday in an appearance on CBS' “Face The Nation.”
The Nebraskan also declared he's concerned about the potential costs of the provision.
Nelson and Lieberman both appeared on the program, and said that the Medicare expansion provision doesn't have 60 votes in the Senate.
It bears pointing out that they are the only two non-Republican members of the upper chamber that have thus far opposed it — with their support, there would be 60.
Nelson had no problems with the bill as it stood last Wednesday. “I'm not aware of anything that was raising serious objections about it,” he said. “I think it was about, ‘Well, that sounds okay, let's see how it scores.'” But he started singing a different tune after the Senator from Connecticut pulled back abruptly.
A November poll carried out by Research 2000 found that Nebraskan voters favored the public option — which Nelson's defiance compelled the Democratic leadership to remove — by 46 to 44 percent. In Connecticut, the provision was even more popular, with 56 percent supporting it and 37 opposing, according to Quinnipiac.
While Lieberman's opposition to the new compromise is resolute and unequivocal, Nelson's is less staunch, signaling that he might still be won with tweaks.
Nelson's demands are unclear, and with the nature of the bill constantly changing, it's remains to be seen whether the bill will achieve the goals of extending coverage and bending the cost curve if his concerns, along with Lieberman's, are placated.
Nelson suffered a setback last week when an amendment he co-sponsored that would more strongly restrict abortion rights was struck down.
The absence of even one of their votes creates serious problems for the Democratic leadership, as none of the 40 Republican Senators are at all likely to back it. Their options are to either water down the reforms further or use the parliamentary maneuver known as reconciliation, which might change the shape of the legislation but would allow it to pass with 51 votes.
This video is from CBS' Face the Nation, broadcast Dec. 13, 2009.
Download video via RawReplay.com
Obese cats and dogs may be eating when they're bored, anxious or depressed (Picture: AP)
Is your pet putting on weight? It may be eating to quell emotional distress just as humans do, say experts.
Overeating may not be a psychological issue that is solely the preserve of human beings, with vets claiming in new research that cats and dogs are disposed to ‘emotional eating' too.
The assertions were made in a new edition of the Journal of Veterinary Behavior, which looked at the eating habits of a range of animals as well as humans.
It said that eating can be seen as a ‘coping mechanism' for pets, too, to combat stress and depression, in light of the animals consuming food when they weren't even hungry.
While the study said that obesity rates can be as much as 25 per cent in cats and 45 per cent in dogs, one expert has said that putting the creatures on a diet could possibly worsen the situation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘The bottom line is that there is a ton of evidence in humans and animals like rodents that stress induced eating, or emotional eating is a very real thing and contributes to obesity, so we should be looking at it in pet animals,' Dr McMillan from the Best Friends Animal Society told The Daily Telegraph.
‘If this is a major factor in our pet animals, then the standard approach, by simply yanking away their food, is very misguided and potentially harmful.'
COME in from the cold, wind turbines. All is forgiven under the Turnbull government.
Former prime minister Tony Abbott and treasurer Joe Hockey led a campaign to limit wind farms as an energy source, with Mr Hockey complaining they blighted his view on his drives into Canberra.
But now it seems new life has been breathed into the industry, with Environment Minister Greg Hunt saying outrage over turbines had been limited to “views expressed by particular individuals”.
Mr Hunt made it clear those views were not represented in his strongly push for renewables under new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
He said “indeed there are no excuses for not investing and not moving forward” in the industry.
In 2014, Australia invested $240 million in renewable energy, compared to $310 billion globally. And Mr Abbott was accused to restricting growth in the industry.
Mr Hunt's comments indicate a public change in emphasis on the importance of renewables following the change in Prime Minister. And this might be a hint the renewed championing of renewables will be followed by a less strident backing of the coal industry.
Mr Hunt indicated he was a fan of wind turbines when asked of their future on ABC radio.
He said that along with other providers of renewable energy, wind farmers could invest in confidence.
“Well, I've been asked about this on many occasions and expressed my view that renewables are not only a fundamental part of our energy mix now and increasingly in the future but also that I find them and have always found them an appropriate part of Australia's energy,” he said.
When again pressed on wind farms he said: “Look, there may have been views expressed by particular individuals but the policy of course was for a doubling of renewables at the large scale level between now and 2020.
“And that will be a challenge but I believe it can be done, and similarly for a doubling of small scale solar. The solar PV that we see on our households and through the Solar Towns program in communities around Australia.”
The tone was different back in June when the new renewable energy target was going through Parliament.
Mr Abbott said at the time of turbines: “When I've been up close to these things, not only are they visually awful, but they make a lot of noise.”
He said: “What we did recently in the Senate was to reduce ... capital R-E-D-U-C-E, the number of these things that we are going to get in the future … I frankly would have likely to have reduced the number a lot more but we got the best deal we could out of the Senate and if we hadn't had a deal, Alan, we would have been stuck with even more of these things.”
And in May, just before delivering a Budget which cut funding for renewables, Mr Hockey made his views clear.
“If I can be a little indulgent please, I drive to Canberra to go to Parliament, I drive myself and I must say I find those wind turbines around Lake George to be utterly offensive,” he said.
“I think they're just a blight on the landscape.”
Whether you realized it or not, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis will be dropping their sophomore album This Unruly Mess I've Made, in under two weeks on February 26. Below is the tracklist for that album which contains a wide array of features that include KRS-One, YG, Chance The Rapper, DJ Premier and more.
1) Light Tunnels f. Mike Slap
2) Downtown f. Eric Nally, Melle Mel, Kool Moe Dee & Grandmaster Caz
3) Brad Pitt's Cousin f. XP
4) Buckshot f. KRS-One & DJ Premier
5) Growing Up f. Ed Sheeran
6) Kevin f. Leon Bridges
7) St. Ides
8) Need To Know f. Chance The Rapper
9) Dance Off f. Idris Elba & Anderson .Paak
10) Let's Eat f. XP
11) Bolo Tie f. YG
12) The Train f. Carla Morrison
13) White Privilege II f. Jamila Woods
Denver's made many ‘top 10' lists in the past. From most enlightened to most fit, Denverites have many reasons to love their city. Now it's been ranked on a new list: The Top 10 Cities For Nerds.
Compiled by the Realtor website MovotoBlog, the list has the Mile High City coming in at number 10. Ranked as one of the best based on conventions, books stores, museums, as well as closeness to a Renaissance festival.
And why not? There are a lot of things that make the Mile High City a gathering place for geeks, nerds, and lovers of nerds. Let's rundown the qualifications:
It's also a close-knit group. When tragedy unfolded at an Aurora movie theater during a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises, the area's COSplay community came together to mourn some of their own who were lost.
The Complete Top 10 List:
So, what do you think Denver? Should we be higher on the list or 'worst list ever?' Let us know…
Editor's Note: Konovalenko: Gem Carvings of Russian Folk Life is an ongoing exhibit at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science. We regret our error.
One-in-ten women have said they have been sent home from work for wearing an outfit which was 'too revealing'.
A survey of 2,000 British office workers, half male and half female, found that 10 per cent of the women polled said they had been ordered home to change after their outfit was deemed 'inappropriate' by bosses.
Outfits deemed 'too revealing' included mini-skirts, cleavage-enhancing tops and crop tops.
On top of the 10 per cent of women sends home for wearing 'unsuitable' clothing at work, the survey also found that 16 per cent of women said their boss had 'taken them to one side' and asked them not to wear a 'too revealing' outfit again.
It also found that 28 per cent of female workers said they had been subjected to 'unwanted comments' about their appearance at work.
A survey of 2,000 British office workers, half male and half female, found that 10 per cent of the women polled said they had been ordered home to change after their outfit was deemed 'inappropriate' by bosses
The poll by leading jobs board totaljobs found that women were 'far more anxious' about what they wore to work compared to men, who usually just slung on a suit, with shirt and tie and smart shoes.
The survey found that it takes the average female worker just under 15 minutes every day to select an outfit - that's 65 hours over a working year of 260 days - compared to just nine minutes for men.
More than half of the women polled said they often felt 'stressed' about what to wear to work, compared to just over 10 per cent of men.
The survey also found that one-third of women got anxious over what to wear to an office party competed to just 16 per cent of men.
When asked to pick the most unsuitable things to wear to work, the 2,000 workers polled put shorts top, with 57 per cent, followed by tracksuits, with 52 per cent, hats, with 46 per cent and sandals with 41 per cent.
David Clift, HR Director at totaljobs, called for employers to make dress codes 'very clear', so that workers knew exactly what they should be wearing - and also said last week that employers would look at developing a 'gender neutral dress code'.
He said: 'This study really indicates the uncertainty around dress codes in the workplace and how it is leading to greater numbers of workers worrying about what they wear and what it potentially says about them.
When asked to pick the most unsuitable things to wear to work, the 2,000 workers polled put shorts top, with 57 per cent, followed by tracksuits, with 52 per cent, hats, with 46 per cent and sandals with 41 per cent
'Our report indicates that female workers are more impacted by ambiguity around dress codes and are more likely to face unnecessary and unwanted stress or comments form colleagues.
'We hope that by revealing these findings, employers begin to understand how important it is to outline exactly what is expected in terms of the attire their employees wear to work.
'Ideally, this would contain specific guidance would help both male and female employees to feel more comfortable in what they wear at work.
'We are keen that employers actively look at ways to develop a gender-neutral dress code.'
MEMPHIS — Before Russell Westbrook fulfilled his obligations with the news media on Friday, he pulled a pair of long camouflage shorts over his practice shorts. It seemed less like a fashion statement — always a possibility with Westbrook — than a strategic decision as the Oklahoma City Thunder sought to defend themselves from questions about their predicament in the first round of the playoffs.
Perhaps he was preparing for a verbal skirmish in the wake of Thursday's loss to Memphis, which gave the Grizzlies a 2-1 lead in their best-of-seven series. The words that came spilling out of Westbrook's mouth did little to quell those suspicions.
“Our offense is not built around Serge,” Westbrook said when a reporter asked about Serge Ibaka's lack of late-game shot attempts. “We have No. 35, Kevin Durant.”
But Ibaka had been such a valuable part of the offense and —
“I ain't trying to hear that, man,” Westbrook said. “Don't try to pull us apart. We all in this together. Serge is not on a separate team. Kevin is not on a separate team. I'm not on a separate team. We're on the Oklahoma City Thunder.”
If your printer is connected to a power strip, turning off the power strip can actually cause a greater power usage in the long run, plus a waste of ink.
Technology and productivity blog MakeUseOf takes a look at a number of printer efficiency tips and has found that you end up wasting more power and ink when you cut off electricity to the printer. Instead, you're better off using the power off button on the printer. Here's why:
[I]f you completely disconnect your inkjet printer from electricity, for example by using a power strip that can be switched off, the printer will go through a cleaning cycle once electricity is back. If repeated on a daily basis, this procedure not only costs energy, but also tons of ink.
Advertisement
Instead, MakeUseOf suggests using the manual on/off button on the printer because it activates a program that will "park" the printer's ink cartridges. This better protects the ink from drying out and keeps your printer from going through a full power cycle.
How To Save Printer Ink & Make It Last Longer [MakeUseOf]
When Apple announced Protocol extensions at this year's WWDC and went on to explain the idea of Protocol Oriented Programming (video here), I think every iOS developer got really exited. Especially with Protocol extensions it seems that everything we will ever build can and will be protocol based instead of inheritance based like we do now with OOP. However, these extensions won't be available until Swift 2.0 is released so we can't use all of this new Protocol goodness yet. Or at least not all of it. This post is intended to get you up to speed with Protocols as they are in Swift 1.2 so you'll be somewhat prepared once you can safely use Swift 2.0.
Taking advantage of Protocols today
To take advantage of the awesomeness of Protocols we could think of a Protocol as a mixin more than an interface. I've seen people compare Protocols to interfaces in, for instance, Java. While they are similar they will become quite different once we get to use protocol extensions.
If we can provide default implementations for our Protocol methods we should look at Protocol as little mixins of functionality that can be used to enhance existing types. Mixins are not exactly new in programming and if you look at functional programming mixins are considered pretty important. The cool thing about a mixin (or Protocol) driven approach is that it avoids complex, confusing and inflexible class hierarchies. Instead you can provide multiple Protocols, or mixins, to compile an object with. By doing this, the object will be very explicit about what it can and can't do and the object type itself won't matter throughout your code. What does matter throughout your code is the fact that an object contains certain functionality. And to make sure that an object has certain functionality it conforms to a protocol you wrote. Since this could be pretty confusing if you don't use Protocol oriented programming yet, or if you've never heard of mixin based programming (or even Python's multiple inheritance model), we should probably look at an example now.
An example
So let's imagine that we're mapping out some part of the animal kingdom, let's start with an Animal class. This class will only contain the name of the animal and it's size:
class Animal { var name: String? var size: AnimalSize? } 1 2 3 4 class Animal { var name : String ? var size : AnimalSize ? }
A subclass of animal will be Bird. A Bird will have an amount of legs and it will have a number of wings:
class Bird: Animal { var legs = 2 var wings = 2 } 1 2 3 4 class Bird : Animal { var legs = 2 var wings = 2 }
Now we'll also create a Reptile class which will have a favoriteTemperature property so we know when the Reptile will be nice and comfortable.
class Reptile: Animal { var favoriteTemperature = 37.0 } 1 2 3 class Reptile : Animal { var favoriteTemperature = 37 . 0 }
A subclass of Reptile is a Crocodile, technically this is probably very incorrect, but that's okay, in our imaginary animal kingdom anything goes. The Crocodile will get a number of legs property, just like the bird. It won't get the wings though, flying crocodiles would be too scary for me.
class Crocodile: Reptile { var legs = 4 } 1 2 3 class Crocodile : Reptile { var legs = 4 }
As you might have noticed both Bird and Crocodile have a legs property. But if we were to create an application where somebody could pass any Animal they'd like and we'd try to make it walk we could do a check similar to this:
func walk(animal: Animal) { if let a = animal as? Bird { println("walking an animal with \(a.legs) legs") } else if let a = animal as? Crocodile { println("walking an animal with \(a.legs) legs") } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 func walk ( animal : Animal ) { if let a = animal as ? Bird { println ( "walking an animal with \ ( a . legs ) legs" ) } else if let a = animal as ? Crocodile { println ( "walking an animal with \ ( a . legs ) legs" ) } }
But this approach is prone to error because if we add a new animal with legs we will need to add a new section to our if statement to make sure that we allow that legged animal to walk. Not very developer friendly and basically a bug waiting to happen. We can do better than this by using protocols. Let's refactor the Bird and Crocodile to implement a LeggedAnimal protocol:
protocol LeggedAnimal { var legs: Int { get set } } class BetterBird: Animal, LeggedAnimal { var legs = 2 var wings = 2 } class BetterCrocodile: Reptile, LeggedAnimal { var legs = 4 } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 protocol LeggedAnimal { var legs : Int { get set } } class BetterBird : Animal , LeggedAnimal { var legs = 2 var wings = 2 } class BetterCrocodile : Reptile , LeggedAnimal { var legs = 4 }
All I did was define a protocol that forces implementers of that protocol to add a legs property to their object that can be got and set. That's exactly what Bird and Crocodile already did so all we need to do is tell the outside world that we have implemented the LeggedAnimal protocol. Now we can also refactor the walk function:
func betterWalk(animal: LeggedAnimal) { println("walking an animal with \(animal.legs) legs") } 1 2 3 func betterWalk ( animal : LeggedAnimal ) { println ( "walking an animal with \ ( animal . legs ) legs" ) }
Now that we have a protocol we can just make sure that anything we pass to the function is an implementer of the protocol we just wrote. Much cleaner and a lot less error prone. If we add new animals we just need to make sure that we make them comply with the LeggedAnimal protocol if we want them to be able to walk.
Wrapping up
In my own programs I only started making more use of protocols recently. I usually use them to make completely unrelated things relate to each other just like we did with the LeggedAnimal example. It's a small protocols like this that allow for very flexible modeling and less worrying about subclasses and superclasses. Less inheritance usually means less unused code in classes and that's a good thing.
The only downside at this moment is that you still have to provide an implementation of the required properties and methods. In swift 2.0 this will change because then you will be able to provide a default implementation via protocol extensions. These extensions will allow for even more flexible, DRY and powerful code. I'm looking forward to using those in my projects soon.
You can get the example code from this blogpost from my GitHub.
Greg Jackson has been coaching MMA fighters and helping them achieve elite level status for close to two decades, and done so with an amazing amount of success. His calm, zen-like approach has earned him the nickname, "Yoda" and more importantly, the respect of his fighters and the MMA community.
Recently, the Three Amigos Podcast caught up with Jackson for an in-depth interview that spanned a variety of topics. We've been transcribing and publishing chunks of it over the last week and a half, and this feature will serve as another installment from that interview. In this segment, Greg discusses Alistair Overeem's entry to the team, Donald Cerrone's athletic gifts and what it's like having so many elite fighters in one facility when tempers run high.
TAP: Alistair Overeem bounced around from gym to gym a good bit before he settled in at your camp, and he has definitely made the most of your instruction. We interviewed him recently, and he said the relaxed atmosphere, the family vibe and the overall willingness of everyone to help their peers out is why he chose you. Was he an instant fit in the Jackson-Winkeljohn family?
Greg Jackson: He really was. We had a lot of people warning us, too. ‘Oh, watch out for Alistair,' but I believe in giving people chances because people gave me chances when they probably shouldn't have, so I try to pass that on whenever I get the opportunity.
Alistair was an immediate fit, completely 180 degrees from what people were telling me was going to happen. He's a super team-player, a really nice guy...he fit right in immediately. Everybody loves him. -Greg Jackson
Alistair was an immediate fit, completely 180 degrees from what people were telling me was going to happen. He's a super team-player, a really nice guy...he fit right in immediately. Everybody loves him. I don't know if he just didn't fit in at those other places, if he wanted to reinvent himself, whatever the reason is, but I love that guy. He's also very funny, and he and Cowboy are great at talking mess and keeping everyone entertained. He challenges people to FIFA soccer on the video games. He keeps everyone entertained.
*UFC 191 interview: Greg Jackson on Johnson vs. Dodson 2, impending IV ban*
*UFC 191 - Greg Jackson: 'Andrei's a guy you wouldn't mind kicking down a door with'*
TAP: Alistair has had his own ups and downs in the last 5 years, but has seen a big turnaround since joining your team. What do you find to be his biggest asset?
Greg Jackson: His biggest asset is that he understands combat really well, because a lot of fighters don't. They understand how they fight, but if you ask them, ‘How did you do that?' or ‘Why did you do this?' they'll be like, ‘I just do it.' That's a really cool place to be, really connected to your technique, but what I like about Alistair is he's very analytical. He understands why he's going to do the things he's going to do, how he's going to do them and the overall purpose.
Some fighters can do that and some can't. I always get along really well with the ones that do, because I can dive a little bit deeper into why we're doing the techniques, especially with people like Alistair.
TAP: Rounding out your quintet of mega-fights is Cowboy facing off with dos Anjos. What do you think will be the deciding factor in Donald winning where others have failed?
Greg Jackson: I think when Donald turns on his mental game, which he's finally done, it's really hard to beat him. Obviously, we have a game plan, and we're looking for specific things, but Cowboy has always been his own biggest opponent. He's a slow starter, it takes him a little while to get going, but when he goes out there and just flips the switch and just goes for it, that's when he's the best. Half of my coaching for him is just yelling at him to go out there and get the guy. I would say he's turned a corner. It's Donald's time.
TAP: You jokingly said "we'll handcuff him to a chair if he tries to fight again" with regards to Donald Cerrone, but in all seriousness, how hard was it to convince Donald Cerrone to actually wait for his title shot vs. Rafael dos Anjos?
Greg Jackson: Holy cow, you're not lying. I think, and you can't quote me this, but I actually think he called Dana and said, ‘I need to fight,' and Dana was like, ‘You're not gonna fight' I don't know if that's true or not, but I wouldn't doubt it for a minute. That's just Cowboy. I think we'd have to come in with the whole team and hogtie him or something. It would be a tough task, no joke, because that guy can fight [laughs].
TAP: In a gym with so many high level athletes, how hard is it to keep everyone in line without friction and tension? Do you even have any flare-ups like that in your gym?
Greg Jackson: Of course we do. It's a full time job, and some people say I'm a professional babysitter. We have a great coaching staff, and as a team, we try to work together, because there's always going to be flare-ups. We have 60-70 fighters in there and most of them are pro, high-level guys, so it takes a lot of effort to keep everyone on the same page and not mad at each other. ‘This guy hit me too hard,' or whatever it may be. It's a full time job, for sure.
Follow our Twitter accounts: Stephie Haynes, Three Amigos Podcast, Iain Kidd and Mookie Alexander. The show is available right here or via the embedded player below. The interview starts at the 37:10 mark of the audio.
A critical flaw that has been with us for some time and could be around for months to come leaves much of the Internet vulnerable.
Called Heartbleed, the bug affects OpenSSL, a back-end encryption standard that is used by as many as two-thirds of servers connected to the Internet, including many owned by Yahoo.
It was discovered by a Google researcher and could theoretically allow attackers to steal a server's private encryption keys and intercept traffic.
Although a patch already exists, The Verge reports that vulnerabilities could persist for some time:
For most privacy tools relying on OpenSSL, the takeaway is catastrophic. A blog post from the Tor Project told users, “if you need strong anonymity or privacy on the internet, you might want to stay away from the internet entirely for the next few days while things settle.” In many cases, a few days may not be enough. It will give services time to patch their servers, but if any private keys were compromised before the patch went up, it would give attackers free rein in the months to come. Servers can reset their certificates, but it's slow and expensive, and experts suspect many of them may simply assume the patch is enough. “I bet that there will be a lot of vulnerable servers a year from now,” [ICSI security researcher Nicholas] Weaver says. “This won't get fixed.” Apple, Google and Microsoft appear to be unaffected, along with the major e-banking services. Yahoo, on the other hand, was affected and leaking user credentials for a significant portion of the day. (A Yahoo representative tells The Verge the core sites are now patched, although the team is still working to implement the fix across the rest of the site.) More generally, any server running OpenSSL on Apache or Nginx will be affected, which implicates a huge variety of everyday websites and services.
You can read much more about Heartbleed here.
Stay safe.
— Posted by Peter Z. Scheer
Joel McIver, the U.K.-based author of biographies of METALLICA, SLAYER, BLACK SABBATH, QUEENS OF THE STONE AGE, MACHINE HEAD and many other artists, has released an unauthorized biography of Rob Zombie via Backbeat Books.
"Sinister Urge: The Life And Times Of Rob Zombie" is the first in-depth, career-spanning biography of heavy-metal musician and filmmaker Rob Zombie. Born Robert Cummings in 1965, Zombie is now as well known for his movies as he is for his music, which he has released and performed both as a solo artist and as part of his early band WHITE ZOMBIE. In both fields, he imbues his art with the vivid sense of macabre theater that has thrilled his millions of disciples since he and his band first emerged with "Soul-Crusher" in 1987.
Although he has sold millions of albums and generated many more millions of dollars at the box office, Zombie has never taken the easy option or the predictable route. Indeed, while the music industry — and many of his peers — have fallen to their knees in the last decade or so, Zombie has found a new edge, his work undiluted by success or middle age.
Drawing on original research and new interviews with bandmates and associates, "Sinister Urge" takes a detailed look at Zombie's challenging oeuvre, offering close analysis of his albums and films alongside tales of his life and work on and offstage.
McIver has also worked with musicians Max Cavalera (SOULFLY, CAVALERA CONSPIRACY, KILLER BE KILLED, SEPULTURA), David Ellefson (MEGADETH, METAL ALLEGIANCE) and Glenn Hughes (DEEP PURPLE, BLACK SABBATH, BLACK COUNTRY COMMUNION, CALIFORNIA BREED) on their autobiographies.
AURORA | Aurora fire officials are investigating a Monday apartment blaze that left two dead and 25 people injured as a possible arson, fire officials said.
Aurora fire Capt. Al Robnett said investigators received a report of someone fleeing the scene with a gas can and are looking into it.
But, Robnett said, investigators have not yet determined how the fire at the Fitz Apartments near East 17th Avenue and Peoria Street started or where it started.
When fire crews arrived at the four-story building across Peoria from the Anschutz Medical Campus, they found a building already engulfed in flames with some residents hanging from their windows to escape the flames, Robnett said.
Crews immediately started fighting the flames while others used ladders to rescue several people from their windows.
In all, 25 people were in hurt, Robnett said, and 14 were rushed to area hospitals. Two people died from their injuries.
Robnett said the two people who died were on the building's fourth floor. It's not clear yet whether the victims were adults or children, he said.
Autopsies for the two people who died have not yet been scheduled, according to the Adams County coroner's office.
No firefighters were injured, Robnett said, and 16 fire department vehicles responded to the blaze.
The Red Cross Mile High Chapter set up a shelter for the building's residents at nearby Paris Elementary School. The blaze forced the evacuation of not only 24 units in the building that burned, but also 22 in an adjacent building, the Red Cross said.
Tuesday evening, the red brick building was fenced off as investigators gathered evidence. Several windows were broken out and brick walls were stained black with smoke.
Several police officers were in the area, keeping people from entering the building.
The burned building and the adjacent building are both outfitted with surveillance cameras outside, as are several businesses in the area.
Robnett said damage is extensive throughout the building, but it's not clear if the building will be a total loss. Because the structure is brick, the owners may be able to restore some of it, he said.
Madrid, Spain - Gulam wore the uniform of the Spanish Army as a translator for more than three years. But since Spanish troops pulled out of Afghanistan in 2013, this 23-year-old remains in hiding for sheer survival.
Such is seemingly the fate of 40 young Afghan interpreters who also worked with Spanish forces.
"We are terrified due to the constant threats from the Taliban. They say they'll kill us all for collaborating with the invaders," Gulam, who has a degree in Spanish language and literature from Kabul University, told Al Jazeera. He and his colleagues preferred not to disclose their full names for security reasons.
The Spanish Ministry of Defence dismissed its first Afghan interpreters in February and March 2013 when Spanish troops withdrew from two combat outposts in Moqur and Ludina in the restive northwestern province of Badghis. Most are young men in their early 20s from Qala-e-now, the provincial capital. They learned Spanish in courses taught by the Spanish military, which was in desperate need of translators during military operations.
Over the past four months, we have showed up at the Embassy dozens of times to gather information about the status of our application ... The answer is always the same, that they have not received any notification from Madrid. - Gulam, former Afghan interpreter for Spanish troops
The UNHCR guidelines for 2013 label interpreters who have worked for foreign armies as a group "under highest risk of prosecution and direct attack". Given their status as former interpreters for Spanish troops, the Afghan translators formally requested visas to Spain for humanitarian reasons on September 25 of last year.
Spain's embassy accepted their applications, but refused to provide a receipt to each of the interpreters - giving them no way to prove they ever submitted the required documents.
"Over the past four months, we have showed up at the embassy dozens of times to gather information about the status of our application but so far, we've been only allowed to talk to their translator," said Gulam. "The answer is always the same, that they have not received any notification from Madrid."
Repeated calls and e-mails to Spanish embassy officials did not receive any response.
Stubborn silence
In September 2013, Spanish media reported on the situation and in just two weeks more than 66,000 signatures were collected asking the Spanish government to grant the translators asylum. In response, Spain's Ministry of Defence claimed to have a plan to help host those former Afghan workers at risk.
The 40 translators only knew about such plan through the media. However, on October 19 they submitted a letter to the Ministry of Defence office in Kabul, so they could benefit from the programme.
So far, the anxiety generated by Madrid's seemingly stubborn silence has led two of the former translators to flee the country. Mumtaz and Sanjar have asked for asylum at Spain's consulate in Istanbul. "We have submitted all the documentation, but we are still waiting for a reply," Mumtaz told Al Jazeera. The 23-year-old's most immediate fear is to fall into legal limbo when his Turkish visa expires.
Mumtaz was born in Logar province, in the east of the country. It's a war-torn area from which he says his father has told him not to show up "by any means" given the Taliban's strong presence. The young Afghan said he worked with Spanish troops between 2010 and 2013, including helping to evacuate a wounded Spanish soldier in 2012. Mumtaz's brother, an interpreter for US troops, has been in Washington since last December thanks to a US visa granted to him and his wife for his work and the risks he faced.
On December 18, Pedro Morenés, the Spanish defence minister, was questioned in parliament on the status of the Afghan translators. Morenés stressed that the "host plan" had been in effect since March 2013.
Diego Mazón, communication director at the Spanish Ministry of Defence, told Al Jazeera that more than 1,000 Afghans had worked in different areas for the Spanish mission in the Central Asian country. Mazón said the Defence Ministry had forwarded a "recommendation" to issue 28 visas and 22 compensation packages in December 2013 to the Spanish Foreign Ministry, stressing the decision was under the latter's jurisdiction.
But Alfonso Barnuevo - deputy director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs' Diplomatic Information Office - refused to make any statement, only telling Al Jazeera the translator issue "is driven exclusively by the Ministry of Defence".
Die 'like a dog'
While Madrid takes its time to decide what to do with its former Afghan employees, the United States announced that 2,500 Afghan interpreters and their families will obtain US visas.
I lost everything I had after the Taliban set my house ablaze ... They say they will kill me like a dog as soon as they find me. - Rahimi, former translator
The United Kingdom will follow suit with 600 visas and payments worth 55m pounds ($90m), so former employees who remain in Afghanistan can access training courses to find their way into the labour market.
Norway granted asylum to 21 of its 50 translators and New Zealand to 19, although it only had 150 soldiers deployed in Bamiyan, the country's safest province.
As a former student of English language and literature, Rahimi would likely have had the chance to work for almost any contingent deployed in Afghanistan. But he saw a "unique" opportunity to learn a new language with Spanish troops and worked with them between 2008 and 2013.
In 2014, his Spanish is perfect but that new line in his curriculum vitae won't help him solve his most pressing problems in the short term. Today, Rahimi is on the run in Afghanistan, forced to switch homes constantly.
"I lost everything I had after the Taliban set my house ablaze. They also sent me several letters accusing me of being 'an infidel who had worked for the enemy'. They say they will kill me like a dog as soon as they find me," the 25-year old told Al Jazeera.
On November 24, an interpreter working with German troops was killed in Kunduz province, in northern Afghanistan. His body was found inside a vehicle with a plastic bag over his head and his hands tied behind his back with wire.
As one of the 184 local employees granted asylum by Berlin, he was soon to travel to Germany. But his visa arrived too late.
By Aya Salem
On June 5 the Senate unanimously passed a resolution putting pressure on Trump to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, one of the promises of his far-right campaign. This resolution demonstrates their support for a larger plan to make Jerusalem the capital of the State of Israel and to encroach further and further into Palestinian lands and sovereignty.
The resolution was voted on the 50th anniversary of the 6-day war of 1967, or what the Palestinian people call the “Naksa.” The tragic date commemorates the ethnic cleansing of 250,000 Palestinians and the occupation of the West Bank, Gaza, the illegal annexation of East Jerusalem, and the invasion of the Egyptian Sinai and the Syrian Golan Heights.
This act of Israeli aggression is instead hailed and celebrated by the Senate and the ruling imperialist elites which comprise it. To take such a vote on a day synonymous with 50 years of Palestinian suffering shows the imperialists' disdainful attitude towards the oppressed people of Palestine and the surrounding Arab countries while they profit from apartheid and war.
The 90-0 unanimous vote demonstrates that despite the public relations campaign led by the Democrats to convince the people that they are putting up a fight to Trump and the reactionary GOP, all of them fall in line when the matter involves the core interests of U.S. imperialism.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer used this resolution to publicly criticize Trump for his “inaction” and incompetence in achieving the goals of AIPAC and the most reactionary elements of the imperialist elite. This is the Democratic “resistance” to Trump: a resistance based on the defense on the interests of the military-industrial complex and the Wall Street criminals that spreads terror among the oppressed people of the world.
We need to build a different, independent resistance, based on the principles of struggle and solidarity with the people of Palestine who have been living under apartheid for 69 years, under both left-wing and right-wing U.S. and Israeli administrations. We need to understand that while paying lip-service to the masses, the so-called left wing of the capitalist elite is united with the right wing and all other sectors of the ruling class in their shared interests: to exploit and oppress the rest of us.
Congress has shown one more time that it does not represent us, or our grassroots resistance in solidarity with Palestine. That is why, on September 16-17, progressive and revolutionary people from across the country will convene in Washington, D.C., in response to a call from conveners representing a wide range of people's struggles and organizations to strategize for a long-term resistance rooted in the concerns and power of the people. Down with the millionaires' Congress, Build the People's Congress of Resistance!
The Washington Post has released a "near final" draft of Obama's financial reform proposals. As expected, the paper whitewashes the role of the Fed and Fractional Reserve Lending as well as the role of unfunded Congressional spending in creating the mess. Instead, Obama's plan gives more power to those responsible for creating the mess.
Please consider Obama Blueprint Deepens Federal Role in Markets.
The plan seeks to overhaul the nation's outdated system of financial regulations. Senior officials debated using a bulldozer to clear the way for fundamental reforms but decided instead to build within the shell of the existing system, offering what amounts to an architect's blueprint for modernizing a creaky old building.
The plan is built around five key points, according to a briefing last night by senior administration officials and a copy of the white paper obtained by The Washington Post.
The proposals would greatly increase the power of the Federal Reserve, creating stronger and more consistent oversight of the largest financial firms.
It also asks Congress to authorize the government for the first time to dismantle large firms that fall into trouble, avoiding a chaotic collapse that could disrupt the economy.
Federal oversight would be extended to dark corners of the financial markets, imposing new rules on trading in complex derivatives and securities built from mortgage loans.
The government would create a new agency to protect consumers of mortgages, credit cards and other financial products.
And the administration would increase its coordination with other nations to prevent businesses from migrating to less regulated venues.
"Speed is important," Obama said yesterday in an interview aired by CNBC. "We want to do it right.
My Comment
The administration's plan leans heavily on the Fed, expanding its role as the regulator of the nation's largest banks such as J.P. Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs to include other giant financial firms, such as the insurance companies American International Group and MetLife.
The agency, which has greater independence from the political process than other regulators, would have broad authority to impose special requirements on those companies, such as mandating that they set aside a larger percentage of their assets against possible losses than smaller firms. Such a requirement could limit large companies' appetite for risk, but also their profit and growth.
My Comment
The plan calls for a council of regulators to consult with the Fed, including the Treasury secretary and the heads of the other financial regulatory agencies: The Securities and Exchange Commission, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Federal Housing Finance Agency and the agencies that regulate banks.
My Comment
A second element likely to provoke fierce debate is the establishment of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency.
The agency would have a mandate to increase the availability of financial products in lower-income communities and other underserved areas, in part by enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act, which requires banks to make loans everywhere that they collect deposits.
My Comment
Several ideas have been dropped as the administration picks its battles. The plan will not include a new way of regulating insurance companies at the federal level. The insurance industry, which is regulated at the state level, is deeply divided, and the White House anticipated a distracting fight. The administration instead plans to create an office in the Treasury Department to monitor the insurance industry.
Some of the largest insurance companies could still fall under the scrutiny of the Federal Reserve in its new role as a systemic risk regulator.
Artist's Rendition of Obama's Plan
Senior officials debated using a bulldozer to clear the way for fundamental reforms but decided instead to build within the shell of the existing system, offering what amounts to an architect's blueprint for modernizing a creaky old building.
Keith asked me to remind everyone of this important fact:
Fed Uncertainty Principle In Action
Uncertainty Principle Corollary Number Two
The government/quasi-government body most responsible for creating this mess (the Fed), will attempt a big power grab, purportedly to fix whatever problems it creates. The bigger the mess it creates, the more power it will attempt to grab. Over time this leads to dangerously concentrated power into the hands of those who have already proven they do not know what they are doing.
West Allis police have detained a 16-year-old Milwaukee youth who admitted taking part in the mayhem on the opening night of the Wisconsin State Fair, and the youth could face a hate-crime penalty.
The teen, who is black, told police he and other African-American juveniles beat up white people because they were "easy targets," according to West Allis police. He also said he "was going along with the crowd" in the robberies that happened after the midway closed last Thursday.
He admitted to police that he walked on the hood, roof and trunk of a vehicle stopped in traffic outside State Fair.
The youth, whose name was not released, was booked on charges of robbery and attempted robbery with use of force and was taken to the Milwaukee County Children's Court Center. Both charges carry a hate-crime penalty enhancer because the victims were chosen based on their race. The teen did not have a state juvenile arrest record and had no prior contacts with West Allis police.
West Allis police are continuing to investigate the violence that started in the midway on the evening of Aug. 4 when fights broke out among black youths. Those fights did not appear to be racially motivated. Around the fair's 11 p.m. closing time, dozens to hundreds of black youths attacked white fairgoers as they left the grounds.
Police already have made several arrests and are continuing to search for suspects.
Two central Ohio towing companies are violating state law by charging excessive fees, two Columbus residents claim in a class-action lawsuit filed this morning.
Two central Ohio towing companies are violating state law by charging excessive fees, two Columbus residents claim in a class-action lawsuit filed this morning.
The lawsuit, filed in Franklin County Common Pleas Court, says Shamrock Towing and Camcar Inc. �have knowingly charged thousands of Ohioans bogus �administrative fees� for towing their cars from private tow-away zones.�
The action �seeks to bring an end to this illegal practice and recover the excessive charges drivers were forced to pay to get their cars back,� said Fred Gittes, one of three Columbus lawyers who filed the lawsuit.
A manager at Camcar declined to comment this morning. A supervisor at Shamrock referred all questions to the company�s lawyer, who was unavailable this morning.
According to the lawsuit, Ohio law prohibits towing companies from charging more than $90 for towing and $12 per day for storage when they tow a passenger car. Since at least 2008, Shamrock and Camcar have charged an additional $30 administrative fee, the suit alleges.
The plaintiffs are William McCartney of the West Side, whose car was towed by Camcar in November 2011, and Marta Stewart-Bates of the North Side, whose car was towed by Shamrock in June 2010. Each plaintiff was charged a $30 administrative charge as part of a $132 tab to retrieve their cars.
(CNN) — Skiing and snowboarding are a lot of fun.
Getting to the resorts isn't.
Unless you're staying in slopeside lodgings, driving to the action often involves dicey two-lane roads. And at the end of the day, you're back behind the wheel -- fuming, stuck on gridlocked access roads.
Now Amtrak is improving the lot of Colorado skiers as it debuts the Winter Park Express seasonal route on January 7, 2017.
Linking Denver's recently renovated Union Station to the Winter Park Resort, this is ride-in/ride-out skiing.
A handful of small American resorts, like Massachusetts' Wachusett, have rail access but they also involve shuttles. The Winter Park Express is different.
"It's the only rail connection that takes you to the ski lifts themselves," says Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari.
After a two-hour ride, passengers disembark just yards from the resort's Gemini Express quad.
"There's no other mode of transportation needed: You can just grab your skis, hop on the lift and you're skiing within minutes," says Steve Hurlbert, Winter Park's director of communications. "You're also steps from the rental shop if needed."
Reviving the route
The Winter Park Express is the successor to the Ski Train, which was not affiliated with Amtrak and ran the same route from 1940 to 2009, when losses proved too big even for billionaire owner Philip Anschutz.
For its first season, the Express will operate a round trip every Saturday and Sunday and on holiday Mondays until March 26. One-way tickets cost $39-$59.
Reviving the route actually was a grassroots initiative from train employees in the Denver area.
Brad Swartzwelter, the president of the conductors' union, worked for the Ski Train when he was in college and thought it'd be great to bring it back. He and other conductors presented the plan to Amtrak and Winter Park management, who got on board.
In March 2015, Amtrak ran a couple of test trips that sold out in hours.
"I sensed people were thrilled to death to be on the train," says James M. Souby, president of the Colorado Rail Passenger Association, who took both 2015 journeys. "They found the equipment spacious and those who were veterans of the previous trains said it was much easier to don boots and grab equipment on the Amtrak Superliner cars."
After leaving Denver at 7 a.m., the train travels 56 miles, up 4,000 feet and through 29 tunnels -- including the 6.2-mile-long Moffat Tunnel, which goes under the Continental Divide.
"The views are stupendous as you look out over Denver and the plains beyond, often by moon and starlight," Souby says.
Making day trips easier
The train arrives at Winter Park at 9 a.m. and leaves for the city at 4:30 p.m.
Aside from the sense of relaxation inherent in rail travel, the Express is practical. For instance, while there are lockers at the resort, passengers can also put their ski or snowboard boots on the train and leave their street shoes onboard.
"The train is parked and secured in nearby Fraser during the day," Hurlbert explains. "When it picks up at Winter Park to return to Denver, people find all of their stuff waiting exactly where they left it. As long as you don't need something during the day, just leaving it on the train is by far the most convenient option."
Hurlbert says that in the future there may be special fares combining transportation and lift tickets.
"We're also working on ways where a group could get exclusive occupancy of a railcar, which is good for ski clubs," says Magliari.
And now, a word of warning to those looking forward to some après-ski drinking, since they won't have to drive: There's no alcohol on the train.
Friday saw Leicester's New Walk Museum play host to the 25th Open Exhibition and the announcement of this years Attenborough prize winner.
The open 25 exhibition provides an opportunity for artists from the across the region to display their work in the museum, and give seven of them the chance to get onto the Attenborough Prize shortlist.
25 year old Olivier Leger from Loughborough won this years prize, making him the youngest ever winner. he said “there's been a lot of good work been submitted into the Open 25, so even to be short-listed was an honour and a privilege, I was taken totally by surprise”
The Attenborough Prize was first awarded in 2007 and aims to support a regional based artist and their professional development. The winner receives £1,000 and an exhibition opportunity at the museum.
Ruth Singer a judge on the judging panel commented “As soon as we saw it, we all just said wow that is amazing, lets put that on the Attenbough Shortlist”
Leicester City Mayor, Sir Peter Soulsby said “what we've got on display here and showcasing is some spectacular work done by some very talented local artists and creators and its a wonderful exhibition”
The Open 25 Exhibition is open to the public until 27 April 2014.
For more information go to: www.leicester.gov.uk/open25
Guitar Chords
To find a chord, use the navigation panel on the left. Each page shows variations of different chord positions on the neck where possible.
None of the guitar chord diagrams throughout this web site are computer generated.
All diagrams are based on chords actually used by guitarists.
Chord diagrams are in gif format which can be printed
How to read the chord diagrams
Below shows the format used to read the chord charts throughout this website.
Chord Fingering:
1 = Index Finger
2 = Middle Finger
3 = Ring Finger
4 = Little Finger (Pinky)
T = Thumb
Barred Chords
The diagram below shows the typical barre chord. The first and sixth strings (E and E) are barred with one finger.
Like us on Facebook
Guitar Chords For Beginners
If you are a beginner to guitar then you might find the subject of guitar chords quite daunting, how are you supposed to learn that amount of chords and remember how to play them all on the guitar. In reality it's not like that, yes there are thousands of ways to play all the different chords on the guitar, many more in fact than what's shown on this Website.
As you get more experienced at playing guitar you will learn more about chord construction, the notes within the chords and also learn your way around the fretboard. These things happen naturally and when they do you will find you no longer need to use chord charts because you can figure any chord type very quickly yourself.
The best guitar chords to learn first are the open chords and then move onto barre chords. The great thing about barre chords is you only need to learn a few shapes because they are moveable chords. The same chord pattern is used and just moved along the guitar neck to start on any root note. Bar chords are tricky at first but once you get used to them you'll be able to play almost any guitar chord you need for many thousands of songs.
It's been a pretty bad first week for Orchard Supply(OSH). Since beginning trading on Tuesday following its spin off from Sears Holdings(SHLD) at $25 with a quick rise to $60, the stock has moved almost straight down to its current price of $15.62. Yesterday, the company released some preliminary numbers which show some encouraging trends, but still couldn't stop the bleeding as it's down over 6% today. The company is basically break-even on a cashflow basis, is showing positive comp sales, is opening and remodeling stores, and trades for under 3 8(UPDATE: Larry pointed out we inadvertently used market cap rather than enterprise value) times EBITDA. The company also posted a presentation which provides more detail and before/after pictures of store remodels. We found the presentation to be informative and it gave us confidence in the company's plan. We found the graph of same store sales comparisons informative- the company has arrested and reversed a long pattern of declines. We believe many Sears holders are selling small lots because this does not fit with their original investment and thus driving the price down. We are looking to buy more ourselves in the coming days at these prices or lower. From the press release:
SAN JOSE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)– Orchard Supply Hardware Stores Corporation, a specialty retailer focused on the consumer segment of the home improvement market, today announced expected financial results for the fiscal year ending January 28, 2012. The Company expects to report final financial results for the period in April 2012. On January 3, 2012, the Company began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market following its spin-off from Sears Holdings Corporation on December 30, 2011.
Expected Fiscal Year 2011 Results
Net sales for the fiscal year 2011 ending January 28, 2012 are expected to be in the range of $659.2 to $663.1 million.
Fiscal 2011 comparable store sales (1) are expected to be in the range of negative 0.3% to negative 0.9%. The Company expects to generate positive comparable store sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, marking the second consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales.
are expected to be in the range of negative 0.3% to negative 0.9%. The Company expects to generate positive comparable store sales for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, marking the second consecutive quarter of positive comparable store sales. Net loss for fiscal 2011 is expected to be in the range of $15.0 to $17.0 million and includes a pre-tax, non-cash loss on sale of approximately $15 million related to sale-leaseback transactions. Fiscal 2011 net loss includes increased interest expense of approximately $0.4 million from the December 2011 amendments to the Company's financing arrangements. The expected annual increase in interest expense from the amendments to the Company's financing arrangements is approximately $4.5 million.
Fiscal 2011 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA (see reconciliation of Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, below) is expected to be in the range of $40.6 to $44.0 million. Fiscal 2011 Adjusted EBITDA includes approximately $2 million of estimated annual costs of approximately $14.0 to $18.0 million associated with the Company's transition to an independent, publicly traded company and with the Company's recent actions to help improve its financial position through recent sale-leaseback transactions. The estimated costs are outlined below and are also discussed in the Company's Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2011. Annual rent expense for five sale-leaseback properties is expected to be approximately $5.0 million. Projected 2011 Adjusted EBITDA includes approximately $0.5 million of rent associated with sale-leaseback properties. Annual operating costs associated with the Company's transition to a publicly-traded company independent from Sears Holdings Corporation are estimated to be $5.0 to $8.0 million. Projected 2011 Adjusted EBITDA includes approximately $1.5 million of estimated transition-related expenses. Projected 2011 Adjusted EBITDA does not include any incentive compensation expense as performance targets were not achieved. The Company anticipates finalizing an incentive plan for fiscal 2012, which is expected to have an annual expense of $4.0 to $5.0 million.
“We are pleased with the comp store sales momentum we're beginning to generate,” said Mark Baker, President and CEO. “Our new strategies are gaining traction, marked by effective inventory management, compelling product and merchandising, and a more cohesive and streamlined presentation in the stores.”
“In preparation for the spin-off, we incurred additional costs associated with establishing and expanding our corporate support infrastructure and in strengthening our financial position by renegotiating our financing arrangements and monetizing Company-owned store properties through sale-leaseback transactions. These initiatives have helped us start to lay the foundation to develop and evolve the Orchard brand, but have adversely affected our short-term profitability.”
Fiscal 2012 Store Opening Plans and Comparable Store Sales Expectation
The Company expects to achieve positive comparable store sales(1) for the 2012 fiscal year ending February 2, 2013. Additionally, the Company plans to open up to three new stores and remodel up to six locations. The Company's remodel plans include three stores involved in the sale-leaseback transactions completed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, which will be primarily funded by tenant improvement allowances.
Mr. Baker continued, “We're focused on five key priorities to drive improvement in the business. These include projecting a consistent and compelling brand identity, driving sales through new merchandising and marketing initiatives, improving operational efficiency, aligning resources and talent, and continuing to strengthen our financial position. While we have made progress, we believe there is a significant opportunity to deliver long-term growth and create shareholder value as we leverage Orchard's 80-year brand history and execute on our strategic plan.”
“We have an exceptional team in place with deep experience in the home improvement and specialty retail sectors, and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress as we begin our first year as a publicly traded company. A presentation will be posted today on our website to help our new shareholders understand more about our Company,” concluded Mr. Baker.
Mr. Putin has struggled to regain his footing after his party, United Russia, suffered big losses in the elections on Sunday. The party's poor showing was followed by an unusual public outcry — first over the ballot tampering and in recent days over the arrests of hundreds of demonstrators who have taken to the streets in Moscow and other cities to complain.
Photo
Deeply wary of the forces of unrest that unleashed the Arab Spring, the Russian authorities have moved swiftly to contain the protests, deploying battalions of riot police officers and legions of pro-government young people to occupy public squares in Moscow and drown out the opposition.
Government opponents are mobilizing a huge rally planned for Saturday in Moscow, and by Thursday evening more than 32,000 people had indicated on a Facebook page that they would gather near the Kremlin. Close to midnight, the Moscow city government granted a permit for a crowd of 30,000. Even if half that number showed up, the political protest would be the largest since the fall of the Soviet Union.
“The protest mood is very widespread,” said Sergei A. Markov, a Kremlin-connected political analyst and former United Russia lawmaker. “Especially in Moscow and St. Petersburg , people are broadly convinced that there was falsification.” Mr. Markov said the Kremlin was not likely to address the protesters' complaints.
“The authorities will attempt to conduct themselves with society as a parent would a child who is crying and demanding some kind of toy,” he said. “It is not correct to go out and buy the child a toy, but rather distract him with something else.
“I think this will work,” Mr. Markov said. “For now, trust in Putin is sufficiently high. Though it is falling. A month ago, people would not have held Putin accountable for falsification. Today, he is being held responsible for it by more and more people.”
All day on Thursday, protest organizers negotiated to secure permission for the event from the Moscow authorities, who proposed that it be relocated to Bolotny Square, an island connected to the Kremlin by bridges. A police spokesman released a statement in response to a message that had gone out over social networks stating, “If 5,000 people go out on the street, they will be dispersed; if 50,000 go out, the police will stand silently; and if 500,000 go out, then the police will take their side.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The police spokesman told the Interfax news agency: “For us it makes no difference whether 5 people violate the law or 5,000. We will just use different means to disperse the violators.”
Video
Potential demonstrators adopted a white ribbon as a symbol of what is, as yet, an inchoate movement made up largely of first-time activists. Thousands of Muscovites passed around a memorandum urging participants to refrain from violence: “People, our strength is in the fact that there are many of us and the truth is on our side. We do not want to fight anyone, and we will not. Calm those who are aggressive. SMILE AT PEOPLE.”
Many middle-class Muscovites seemed to identify this week as a watershed moment when accumulated frustration over Mr. Putin's long rule suddenly began to manifest itself as action. Two prominent rights advocates, Irina Yasina and Svetlana Sorokina, announced on Thursday that they were withdrawing from a human rights council led by President Dmitri A. Medvedev , saying that three years of work with the authorities had convinced them that “respect for the rights and freedoms of citizens is not a priority activity of the Russian president and his team.”
Writing on her blog, Mrs. Yasina said, “The falsification of the results of parliamentary elections, which did not admit the candidates whom we would have liked to vote for, was simply the last straw.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Putin's assertion that Mrs. Clinton had prejudged Sunday's vote seemed unfounded. Her first remarks were made on Monday, after a scathing preliminary report was released by monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . The observers documented deep structural problems as well as blatant stuffing of ballot boxes, in some cases in plain sight.
Mrs. Clinton, traveling in Europe , did not address Mr. Putin directly on Thursday and said Washington valued the bilateral relationship.
“At the same time, the United States and many others around the world have a strong commitment to democracy and human rights,” she continued. “It's part of who we are. It's our values. And we expressed concerns that we thought were well founded about the conduct of the elections. And we are supportive of the rights and aspirations of the Russian people to be able to make progress and to realize a better future for themselves, and we hope to see that unfold in the years ahead.”
A good looking Buddhist monk is helping bring followers back to their religion's roots.
Despite a history thousands of years in the making, Buddhism has been suffering the fate of the has-been in China, Japan, and other parts of Asia. Now new interest is being sparked as non-practicing Buddhists see good looking men—those with other options for worldly success—choosing the humble religious life.
In scenic Yongjia county, in China's Zhejiang province, a handsome young monk known as the Venerable Mingxin has begun renovating an old Buddhist temple, Pu'an Temple, that fell into disrepair because people stopped coming or caring about it. He estimates the process will take about ten years to fully complete. Since he returned to his hometown and initiated renovations, more people have begun attending the temple again.
Source: tripchinaguide.com
Mingxin had to brave the disapproval of his parents, who are left without an heir by his career choice, as well as the puzzlement of friends and internet audiences based on his unusually attractive appearance. The young monk admits he could have had a good job, beautiful girlfriends, and other worldly success, but that none of it ever really interested him.
This monk is one of a growing number of physically attractive ascetics, or hunky monks, infusing new life into Buddhism. In Japan, the Beautiful Monk Encyclopedia, spotlighting more than 40 good looking Buddhist monks in the manner of a dating website, sold 10,000 copies in its first run. The idea of this type of advertising is to help boost interest and draw people back to the ancient religion.
As people have their curiosity sparked by these hunky monks, they are slowly investigating other aspects of Buddhism and returning to worship.
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
Ok, maybe this pic will get a lot of hate for reforming a another character and for the nonsense. About Lightning Dust and Sky Stinger, you probably know where I'm coming from. And despite I know it doesn't make much sense, it'll remain my headcanon for a while. I think these two have something in common and I like the idea of them being siblings.Also, I really miss Lightning Dust and I think kick her out of the Wonderbolts without giving her a second chance was a bit harsh. She's got super potential to be a true Wonderbolt. All she needs is a little more tact. I didn't even find her evil or that bad, irredeemable. I'd love to see her in an episode. I hope she'll get her time to shine in season 7.If there are flaws in the text, you can point them out. I still learn.
Why do men buy diamond rings for our fiancées? There's the emotional story. We enjoy making grand gestures of commitment to the people we love. Behind that, there's the marketing story. DeBeers' historic ad campaign, crafted by the real-life mad men at N.W. Ayers, convinced generations of lovers that diamond bands were synonymous with eternal devotion. But behind that, there is economic story that is just as important and fascinating.
***
Once upon a time, diamond rings weren't just gifts. They were, frankly, virginity insurance.
A now-obsolete law called the "Breach of Promise to Marry" once allowed women to sue men for breaking off an engagement. Back then, there was a high premium on women being virgins when they married—or at least when they got engaged. Surveys from the 1940s show that roughly half of engaged couples reported being intimate before the big day. If the groom-to-be walked out after he and the bride-to-be had sex, that left her in a precarious position. From a social angle, she had been permanently "damaged." From an economic angle, she had lost her market value. So Breach of Promise to Marry was born.
But in the 1930s, states began striking down the "Breach of Promise to Marry" law. By 1945, 16 states representing nearly half of the nation's population had made Breach of Promise a historical relic. At the same time, the diamond engagement ring began its transformation from decorative to de rigueur. Legal scholar Margaret Brinig doesn't think that's a coincidence, and she has the math to prove it. Regressing the percent of people living in states without Breach of Promise against a handful of other variables—including advertising, per capita income and the price of diamonds—Brinig found that this legal change was actually the most significant factor in the rise of the diamond engagement ring. It's historically plausible. The initial mini-surge in diamond imports came in 1935, four years before DeBeers launched its celebrated advertising campaign. What's going on here?
something. And that something was almost always small and shiny. The diamond ring was insurance. Let's think like an economist. An engaged couple aren't all that different from a borrower and a lender. The woman is lending her hand in marriage to the man, who promises to tie the knot at a later date. In the days of Breach of Promise, the woman would do this on an unsecured basis -- that is, the man didn't have to pledge any collateral -- because the law provided her something akin to bankruptcy protection. Put simply, if the man didn't fulfill his obligation to marry, the woman had legal recourse. This calculus changed once the law changed. Suddenly, women wanted an upfront financial assurance from their men. Basically, collateral. That way, if the couple never made it down the aisle, she'd at least be left with. And that something was almost always small and shiny. The diamond ring was insurance. So, should a jilted bride give back the engagement ring? Today, the answer is often yes. But back when rings first came into vogue, part of the point was that she wouldn't. It was a security against a default on the engagement. The good news is that this seems so alien to us today. Women have their own careers. They earn more degrees. And, for the younger generation, they out-earn men. More importantly, the stigma against premarital sex has disappeared. A broken engagement isn't a lasting financial disaster for a woman like it was before. The diamond engagement ring has itself undergone a transformation. It's no longer a security. It's just about signaling nowadays. It's anachronistic. But don't try telling your girlfriend that.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Louisiana lawmakers are debating whether to repeal a law that allows public school teachers to include theological arguments about human biology in high school science classes.
When the Louisiana Science Education Act was passed in 2008, some supporters believed it would foster discussion about evolutionary theory in biology classes. Instead, it has been used as a means of importing creationist theology in through the proverbial "back door" under the guise of "academic freedom" and "intellectual integrity."
Advertisement:
The law encourages teachers to use "supplemental textbooks and other instructional materials to help students understand, analyze, critique, and review scientific theories" -- most notably, evolutionary theory. One of the bill's most vocal proponents, Darrell White, told the Hammond Star that he believed "that scientific data related to creationism should be discussed when dealing with Darwin's theory."
As Slate's Zach Kopplin noted, Governor Bobby Jindal warmly supported the notion that the Act would allow creationism to be taught in science classrooms. "I've got no problem if a school board, a local school board, says we want to teach our kids about creationism," he told NBC.
Kopplin obtained an email written by White in which he discussed doing exactly that. "Let's get some more Livingston Parish School Board members to a meeting and develop a timetable to introduce the science academic freedom resolution in this Parish," it read.
White signed off saying, "Satan is pleased with the status quo!"
Democrats in the Louisiana legislature, however, are not pleased with the creationist status quo ushered in by the passage of the Louisiana Science Education Act, and have tried four times to repeal the law.
According to the Advocate's Will Sentell, Senate Democrats led by Karen Carter Peterson will once again try to repeal the law today, though it is possible the bid won't even make it out of committee. Despite a denunciation of the law by 78 Nobel laureates, last year the proposal only scored a single vote and died in committee.
Advertisement:
There is hope, however, as a Republican member of the seven-person panel was replaced by a Democratic senator from New Orleans. Whether the new composition of the panel will have an effect on the ability of the repeal to escape committee limbo is unclear at the time.
Verizon is hitting back at the FCC's criticism over plans to throttle bandwidth hogs' download speeds.
The US telco said in a letter [PDF], obtained by The Register, to the American watchdog's commissioner Tom Wheeler that its plan to limit data speeds at times of heavy use was not only legal – but a commonly used tactic for managing network congestion.
"Such practices are widely used throughout the industry and have been widely accepted," the company wrote. "Since the time of the FCC's Open Internet Order, this type of network management practice has become a widely accepted and widely adopted industry practice to manage congestion."
Verizon admitted last month that it will implement the policy on its 4G LTE network, forcing those in the top five per cent of all data users to receive slower speeds when the cell tower sites they are connected to experience heavy traffic.
The company has maintained that this practice was not a violation of FCC regulations, and that it has long operated its 3G broadband network with the same policy of throttling traffic for heavy users.
Federal officials, however, are not yet convinced. Shortly after word of the throttling strategy got out, Wheeler sent Verizon a letter expressing concern over the policy. Specifically, Wheeler noted that one of the advantages of LTE networks was increased capacity, which in theory should make throttling policies unnecessary.
In its letter, Verizon argued that nothing about LTE changes the rules of the game.
"While our 4G LTE network has great advantages over 3G or earlier technologies, the network's capacity remains a shared and limited resource that we must manage to provide the best network experience for all of our customers," Verizon said.
"Even in a 4G LTE environment, at certain times high demand can affect the performance of particular cell sites." ®
Description
Finally coming to PS4™! Caladrius Blaze is a vertical scrolling shooting game developed by Moss.
Caladrius Blaze includes all the elements of Caladrius and Caladrius AC. It also includes extra content such as new stages, new story scenarios, new bosses and characters designed by Yasuda.
Features:
- Multiple story lines made with more than 15 unique characters
- 8 different characters and ships with unique powers to choose from
- 'Shame Break' system that cuts away the character's outfit as they take damage
- 'Element Shot' system that allows strategic weapon level up
- 'Tutorial Mode' and 'Synchro Mode' enjoyable for even first timers
1-2 players
12GB minimum save size
DUALSHOCK®4
Software subject to license (us.playstation.com/softwarelicense). Online activity subject to Terms of Services and User Agreement (www.playstationnetwork.com/terms-of-service). One-time license fee for play on account's designated primary PS4™ system and other PS4™ systems when signed in with that account.
© Moss Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Published by H2 Interactive Co., Ltd.
Hot_Bid Profile Blog Joined October 2003 Braavos 36026 Posts Last Edited: 2012-09-05 13:12:43 #1
We took into consideration several factors when making this decision. First, we considered the players' Code S and Code A schedule after they return to Korea, which would be after almost 40 hours of flight and travel time within four days. We feel that this amount of travel immediately before their GSL matches may affect their performance too greatly. Second, both players are minors (15 and 16 years old, respectively), and the teams have expressed concerns about them traveling by themselves.
We understand that many fans may be disappointed about this but we feel it is the right decision for the players and teams, as well as for the TSL4 Finals game quality. Accordingly, we have increased the prize pool by $1,000 for first place. We are sorry to those fans who were hoping to meet the players in New York. Unfortunately we will not be flying our TSL 4 finalists Creator and Life to New York to play the finals live. The finals will be played beforehand and cast from replays on Saturday by Day[9] and djWHEAT.We took into consideration several factors when making this decision. First, we considered the players' Code S and Code A schedule after they return to Korea, which would be after almost 40 hours of flight and travel time within four days. We feel that this amount of travel immediately before their GSL matches may affect their performance too greatly. Second, both players are minors (15 and 16 years old, respectively), and the teams have expressed concerns about them traveling by themselves.We understand that many fans may be disappointed about this but we feel it is the right decision for the players and teams, as well as for the TSL4 Finals game quality. Accordingly, we have increased the prize pool by $1,000 for first place. We are sorry to those fans who were hoping to meet the players in New York. @Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
You know it's funny. You have a corrupt Democrat Senator Robert Menendez on trial for bribery, conspiracy and other charges. The media basically ignores the story, Democrats refuse to answer if what should happen to Menendez when rarely questioned and Mitch McConnell is as silent as can be. Robert Menendez has even been accused of having sex with underage hookers in the Dominican Republic in this case. So where are all the calls for him to resign, proven or not?
Still waiting on Mitch McConnell to call for Robert Menendez to resign
And then there's the Roy Moore, the Alabama Senate candidate who now has Gloria Allred joining the pile on of women who accuse Moore of sexual harassment when they were teenagers. Mitch McConnell has already decided that he believes these women, without proof and has called for Moore to step aside and drop out of the race which has an election on December 12.
Regardless if you believe the women or Roy Moore, there still is no concrete proof if Moore did what's claimed. He's never been sued for it, never been on trial (like Menendez) yet McConnell calls for Moore to drop out and continues to remain silent on Menendez. Do you see how this is an obvious ploy by the GOPe to get rid of Moore because “Big” Luther Strange lost the runoff? You'd have to be blind as a liberal to not see the obvious connection.
Thee answer the whole Roy Moore situation is quite clear for McConnell and other GOPe scum. Shut the hell up until after the election, seat Moore once he polishes off the slimy Democrat running against him and see what happens. If actual proof of what these women are accusing Roy Moore of are presented, you expel him from the Senate. Then the RINO Alabama governor can appoint Luther Strange again and McConnell gets his butt buddy back.
Yet you have an actual Senator on trial for bribery, corruption and sex with underage hookers, but McConnell remains silent on him? McConnell has got to go.
Last Updated on September 30, 2018
The people you meet on the road are the most impactful part of any travel. Especially the kids. Times spent with the kids are some of our fondest memories. These pictures and their stories are our attempt to introduce everyone with some of them. …Are talented and eager to stage a performance!
We met these Gujjar kids on our way to the Thajiwas Glacier in Sonmarg. Gujjars are a nomadic tribe of shepherds.They move up to the greener pastures in the hills in summer. Come winter, the move down to the plains with their entire households and flocks. Due to this lifestyle, the children usually miss out on conventional schooling. These children had attended a nomadic school in Kashmir. As proof, they recited to us the alphabet, numbers and also some song and dance. They were happy to receive chocolates as their reward. …Are ingenious and inventive. Engineers in the making?
No fancy gaming consoles. Just a wooden plank and a few rods. That's all that's needed when the woods, clean air, and open spaces give you company. In this picture are two friends, Rohit and Owais. They were from the village Pingwan near Achabal in Kashmir. This ground surfing game was their daily evening activity. …Are a delight to shoot – Not at all camera shy!
It felt like modeling was in her blood. Her spontaneity and ease in front of the camera made her a pleasure to shoot. She was posing as if it was a routine for her. She lived in the little hamlet of Rangdum, on the way to the Zanskar valley. Inspite of the remoteness, her natural response to the camera was surprising and endearing. …Are innocent and lovable
We saw these kids peeping out of their house on a walk around Drass. It is a small town near Kargil in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India. What makes Drass prominent is that it is the coldest town in India. It is also the second coldest permanently inhabited place in the world, after Siberia. Cold or not, siblings share a special chemistry irrespective of their geographical settings. This brother-sister duo was innocence personified. …Are naughty and love playing games!
We met him in Goma Kargil, which is a small village higher up from Kargil. He was playing the mirror game – casting a reflection of the sun on the ground. The light was what caught our attention. Mischief sure has no boundaries! …Share a universal love – hate relationship with their siblings!
Their parents ran a dhaba (food shack) in Naukuchiatal which is a small lake town in the state of Uttarakhand in India. We had dinner at their dhaba the previous night. That night the sisters Ashwini and Sarita were very shy.They didn't at all look at the camera. The next morning we went there again for breakfast. This time they had warmed up to us. They even played with us while we ate. And then gave us some fun filled shots. …Are just too darn cute!
Anjum and her cousins were also visitors to Drass, like us. They had come from Srinagar, to escape the heat, where the summer was at its peak. Drass, is the second coldest inhabited region in the world, with temperatures plummeting below -40C in the peak winters. However, in the summer months, it enjoys a pleasant weather throughout the day. …Are sometimes on their way to becoming monks!
Should we call them monks or kids or kid monks? It was break time for these youngsters. Their energy was un-missable. Take their maroon robes away, dress them up in clothes for “young adults” and they could pass off as school children in a playground. Except, that, they WERE in their maroon robes, attended the monk school in the Phuktal monastery, studied ancient scriptures and would go on to live their lives devoid of all worldly possessions! …Have above all, cracked the secret of being happy in the middle of absolutely nowhere!!
Rangdum is a tiny hamlet with maybe ten houses. It has a couple of food stalls (travelers usually halt here for lunch on the journey to Zanskar) and a couple of guest houses (for travelers who want to halt for the night). A monastery is housed on a hillock, 3km away from the village.The village is essentially a definition of “in the middle of nowhere”. These kids were playing near the stupa when our trucks halted for lunch. We wondered what their lives must be like, living in such isolation. From what we saw, it sure seemed like a lot of fun! Need help planning your trip? Tell us your requirement. You would also like these stories People we met while Traveling: Want to travel to Kashmir? These stories will help you plan your trip to Kashmir.
Share this on
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Oct. 20, 2017, 12:52 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Scott Stump
A 93-year-old Georgia man is showing that true love never dies.
Four years ago, Clarence Purvis lost his wife of 64 years, Carolyn. But his affection for her remains on display for everyone in town to see at a daily lunch date he never misses.
Purvis takes a picture of his late wife and sets it up at the table with him during meals at Smith's Restaurant in Reidsville, where he often ate with Carolyn.
"Ain't nobody loved one another more than me and my wife loved one another,'' Purvis told local news station WTOC. "I wanted what she wanted and she wanted what I wanted."
Carolyn died at 81 in 2013 after living her entire life in Glennsville, where she met Clarence as a teenager in 1948.
She and Clarence were co-owners of Purvis Garage, and she was a mother of three, a grandmother of six and a great-grandmother of two, according to her obituary.
"Eat lunch, come back, watch television, go to bed, love one another. What more you want?" Purvis said. "We had everything we wanted."
Customers at Smith's have taken notice of Purvis' continued affection.
"I asked my husband, I said, 'You know if something happened to me, will you put my picture on the table?''' restaurant owner Joyce James told WTOC. "He said, 'I don't think so dear.' He said, 'I love you but, that might be a little much.'''
He is so dedicated to Carolyn's memory that he drives to her grave at Glennville Cemetery four times a day and has kept Carolyn's favorite lamp in their living room on at all times since she went into the hospital five months before her death.
"I love her that much,'' he said. "And miss her that much. And think she would with me."
Follow TODAY.com writer Scott Stump on Twitter.
Midfielder Joins Blackpool
The midfielder, who turned 30 on Sunday, put pen to paper and has the option of a further season with The Seasiders.The Spaniard has played in the UK for the last seven seasons, originally with Swansea and then Brighton, who released him this summer.It means Orlandi moves to Bloomfield Road on a free transfer and will be available for Saturday's game at Nottingham Forest.Orlandi, who can play both wide or behind the striker, began at Alavés and played once for Barcelona in 2006.He then spent five seasons at Swansea and played in the Premier League, before moving to Brighton.Orlandi will wear the number 11 shirt for The Seasiders and is keen to get started.“I'm delighted to be a Blackpool player and looking forward to the new season ahead. We have a good squad and I rely a lot on the manager. We have good players so hopefully we'll play good football.“I came here last week, spoke to the manager and knew straight away that I wanted to sign,” said Orlandi.
The head of the Eurogroup chairing eurozone finance meetings, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, on Friday met with top officials from the new Greek government in Athens to sound out their policies.
He was told bluntly by new Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis that Greece was no longer willing to cooperate with the troika, that is its key lenders, the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
Varoufakis said his country was not asking for an extension of the existing bailout as it disputed the very wisdom of the program in the first place.
"It cannot be our first move to give up our stance on the troika by demanding an extension of the bailout program, which is rejected by the people," the finance minister said in a statement.
More trouble ahead
Dijsselbloem warned Athens against ignoring its international bailout deals.
"Ignoring the compromises is not the road to follow," he told reporters at a news conference. He noted that Greece had gone through a lot of hardships in recent years to reform the economy and that progress had already been made. But he warned the government's current stance would endanger the advances made so far.
Germany once again rejected Greece's demands to be forgiven repayment of its rescue loans.
"The discussion about a debt cut or a debt conference is divorced from reality," German Finance Ministry spokesman Martin Jäger said in Berlin. He added that Greece was obliged to abide by the terms of its 240-billion-euro ($270-billion) bailout program agreed by previous governments.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday the United States would continue cooperating closely with the new government in Greece and other European leaders to resolve differences.
"We're going to continue to work closely with the European Union, and that means engaging with the new political leaders in Greece to try to resolve these differences and get Greece and Europe and the global economy back on a path to growth and prosperity," he said.
hg/bk (AP, Reuters, AFP)
Is Lois McMaster Bujold really a hard science-fiction author? Her work doesn't appear, at first glance, to revolve around scientific concepts. But, suggests one blogger, that's just because she's rather more subtle about writing hard science than some authors.
James Nicoll asked on his blog for people to name women who write hard science fiction, and Martin Wisse suggested the Miles Vorkosigan series:
Bujold writes hard science fiction you don't notice, as it's all hidden in plain view in the background.
Advertisement
This drew objections from some other posters, who were under the impression that the science in Bujold's writing is shunted to the background and not really central to the story. Over on his own blog, Wisse responds:
At first glance it does look like a standard mil-sf series, but the genius of Bujold is that she writes stories that revolve around science, technology and the sociological and cultural impact of these, without you realising she is doing this. Much hard science fiction suffers from technofetishism, where the characters go around lovingly describing each type of ship taking part in a space battle or go into the finer details of the ammunition they're using in the midst of a firefight. Even when the focus is less militaristic, it can sometimes seem the future is entirely populated by geeks. This is not the case with Bujold: her characters are people comfortable with using futuretech, without particularly noticing it or how it influences their society, but this influence is still there. As a reader it means you yourself have to work harder to notice things too, as they're not pointed out to you.
Advertisement
He goes on to point out one example of a future technology that's central to the stories in Bujold's universe: the uterine replicator, which allows women to avoid suffering the "dangers and side effects of pregnancy." You see this technology introduced to Barrayar, and you witness how it changes society.
So what do you think? Is "technofetishism" a crucial part of hard science fiction writing, or just something it's prone to sometimes? [Wis[s]e Words]
FACC Operations GmbH, an Austrian company that produces various airplane parts for companies like Airbus and Boeing, has announced a cyber-incident during which cyber-fraudsters managed to steal around €50 million from their bank accounts.
The company published a note about the incident on January 19, saying it was "a victim of a crime act using communication and information technologies."
FACC did not add anything more, except that the total damages were not yet fully accounted for, but the sum revolved around €50 million / $54 million.
According to local laws, FACC also brought in the Austrian Criminal Investigation Department to help with the investigation.
FACC was the target of a whaling attack
The following day, FACC put out a second statement regarding the incident, explaining it was the victim of "cyber fraud" that targeted its financial accounting department.
The company's IT infrastructure, data security, IP (Intellectual Property) rights were not involved or targeted in the attack. Production was also never stopped because of the incident, and the company also stated that its economic integrity and assets liquidity were not affected by this incident.
FACC said it would try to recuperate the funds through the investigation and insurance claims.
FACC takes a big dive on the stock market
The company's Q3 2015 financial results are scheduled to be announced today. If they're not as stellar as the company hopes, these two incidents may make a big dent in the company's stock price value, which already took a dive on January 20 after the first statement was released (6.33 -> 5.46).
This incident looks like a classic CEO Fraud incident, also known as whaling attacks and Business Email Compromise (BEC). In these scams, attackers send emails to company employees or CEOs, posing as other employees or partners, asking for urgent money transfers. If staff members don't double-check big money transfers via telephone calls, fraudsters can trick employees into sending large amounts of cash to accounts under their control.
During 2015, businesses saw a 55% increase in these types of scams. At the end of August 2015, the FBI issued a public statement announcement (PSA) regarding the increase in whaling attacks.
The International Consortium of Investigative journalists (ICIJ) responsible for the Offshore Leaks has today released a web app that allows Internet users to sort through the leaked financial information themselves. And fish out more tax evaders.
Euronews interviewed by email La Nación's Matthew Caruana Galizia, journalist-developer and data-specialist, to know more about the web app, how it was built, how it works and how he got to work on it.
“For two years, I had been working on web applications at the Financial Times , [ at the FT Labs – the emerging web technologies team at the Financial Times]” Caruana Galizia explains. “Through my participation in a technology and journalism conference in London, I got to know the journalists involved in this project”. The Maltese journalist would soon leave the FT and move to Costa Rica, where most of the work on the database was being done, “kindly sponsored by La Nacion.”
Visualising the financial connections
While the amount of data leaked is unprecedented – four databases plus half a million files of various formats for a total of 260 gigabytes – so is the work of ICIJ team: the Offshore Project saw 86 investigative journalists from 46 countries working together, which represents, according to the ICIJ website “one of the biggest cross-border investigative partnerships in journalism history.” The work on the technical side, to map and analyse the data, is equally impressive.
Of course it also includes the web app, of whose Caruana Galiza is the tech lead. “The app allows anyone to search and explore the entire database of companies, people and places we built out of original leaked cache of files,” he told euronews.
“This is the kind of work that consultancies would typically charge millions of dollars for,” he adds. “Taking big, very poorly constructed databases and refining them into what's called a graph database, where every person, company or place contained within is stored along with direct pointers to the other things it's connected to.”
Offshore Leaks web app to crowdsource the data search
“What could be better than exploring the data yourself?” Caruana Galizia asks. After the stories about presidents, senators, dictators, ministers and prime ministers, “we should fry the remaining large fish but also medium-sized fish too,” because “there's a shedload of corruption at that level.”
The Offshore Leaks' network sought to be broad enough to reach citizens from all over the world so that they can dig for names they recognise, pleads the journalist and notes: “It's impossible to do this without widening the network of people looking at the data (…) this kind of scale can only be achieved with the web.”
The web app is the gift that keeps on giving, according to Caruana Galizia. “The idea is that even after the original raft of stories involving politicians and high profile individuals, it will become another important resource for investigative journalists.” He sees the usefulness of the web app on the longer term: “Years down the line you might be working on an investigation into a company or individual that you later find in the database. Leads like that are extremely useful.”
The web app, a citizen tool to fight financial crimes
Could the web app be the last step of the Offshore Project? It is up to all of us now, according to the Maltese: “I'm sure more stories will keep coming out of the data, especially now that it's publicly browsable. Even if it doesn't produce any more stories directly, it will remain relevant as a reference.”
The app will make it very easy for people to dig, explore and discuss their findings. “Every company, person and address in the database has its own page with its own URL. People will keep linking back to it from blog posts and articles all over the web.”
Furthermore, if the app is not embeddable, “the underlying database is freely downloadable in different formats. This is potentially useful to anyone interested in academic study of the data, as it can be analysed independently using an application like Gephi. You can also use it to produce your online visualizations.”
Caruana Galizia sees the web app as a citizen tool to fight financial crimes. “There are already people accusing us of conducting a witch hunt. But unlike witchery, fraud and embezzlement of public funds actually exist,” he concludes, “and, as it stands, it is one of the few tools that we, as citizens, have to fight it.”
_Full disclosure: Matthew Caruana Galizia and the author of this article studied together during their Master's Degree in Journalism _
What Is the Magic Online Weekly Announcements Blog?
Every Tuesday, we round up all of the biggest Magic Online news for the Weekly Announcements Blog.
Check in weekly for the latest updates!
Quick Links
Vintage Masters Events Start Tomorrow!
Special Vintage Masters Streamer Showdown
Standard MOCS Monthly Event on Saturday
Modern PTQ on Sunday
Downtime Tomorrow (Regular)
Build Notes
Vintage Masters Events Start Tomorrow!
Tomorrow (Wednesday, December 13) marks the first day of a week of Vintage Masters events. Events will run through Wednesday, December 20, and include both regular and phantom Draft options. And in case you haven't heard, there's something extra to get excited about this time: this iteration of Vintage Masters will contain all of the Power Nine with original art and card frames! Yes, including the creepy almost-skeletons on Time Walk.
For more information on this iteration of Vintage Masters, check out Lee Sharpe's article here.
Special Vintage Masters Streamer Showdown
It's time for another Streamer Showdown on Thursday, December 14, and this time the streamers will be drafting Vintage Masters! If you've never watched one before, Streamer Showdowns consist of two eight-player events (one at 1 p.m. PT, the other at 5 p.m. PT) featuring talented streamers from all across the Magic community. If you're looking to improve your Magic skills, support a player you like, or just have fun watching some entertaining gameplay, tune in on Thursday.
The two pods are:
1 p.m.
Name Twitch Handle Twitter Travis Sowers Semulin @Semulin LoadingReadyRun loadingreadyrun @loadingreadyrun Kenji Egashira numotthenummy @NumotTheNummy Saffron Olive mtggoldfish @SaffronOlive Rachel Agnes baetog_ @baetog_ Gaby Spartz gabyspartz @GabySpartz Mrs. Mulligan mrs_mulligan @TheMrsMulligan Emma Handy Em_TeeGee @Em_TeeGee
5 p.m.
Name Twitch Handle Twitter Michael Jacobs darkest_mage @Michael_A_Jacob Conley Woods conley81 @Conley81 Jamie Rigatti jamietopples @jamietopples‏ Matt Mo thundermo_hellkite @Thundermo_HK Athena Froehlich Elantris @_Elantris_ Gab Nassif yellowhat @gabnassif Rich Shay richshay @atoglord Melvin the Muppet melvinthemuppet @MelvinTheMuppet
Standard MOCS Monthly Event on Saturday
A Magic Online Championship Series Event will take place on Saturday, December 16. The format will be Standard. Players can enter the event with 35 Qualifier Points (QPs), and top finishers qualify forPlayoff Events in the 2018 series.
Monthly and Playoff Events also award top players MOCS Leaderboard Points for the year. Top players on the Leaderboard at the end of the 2018 MOCS will qualify for the year-end Championship event.
Click here for more information about the 2018 MOCS events.
Modern PTQ on Sunday
This Sunday, December 17, a Modern Pro Tour Qualifier will take place on Magic Online. There is no need to qualify through a Preliminary—simply join this event with 30 Event Tickets or 300 Play Points. If you're aiming for a seat at Pro Tour Dominaria, this tournament is a great first step!
Learn more about Magic Online Pro Tour Qualifiers here.
Downtime Tomorrow (Regular)
There will be a regular (non-extended) downtime tomorrow, Wednesday, December 13, from 5 a.m. to 9 a.m. PT.
Build Notes
Vintage, Legacy | Solemnity now interacts correctly with all of the commonly played cumulative upkeep cards.
Commander | Scourge of the Throne can now properly grant you an additional combat phase.
Commander | The command zone now stays where it should.
Collection | Metalwork Colossus is now grouped with its fellow artifacts when sorted by color.
Stardate 1993 -- television series Star Trek: The Next Generation is midway through its celebrated 6th season, and about to launch its first spin-off show in the form of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. Airing in the GTA on "Your Federation Station" Citytv, ratings are cruising at Warp 10, grown men speaking Klingon are holding costume conventions with alarming frequency at Airport Road Hotels, and a strange televisual phenomenon is occurring in the Neutral Zone between Scarborough and Pickering - Ten Forward, a Trek oriented late-night call-in show is fast becoming the stuff of Scarberian legend...
Long before the internet made such programming largely irrelevant, local community access channels (usually found broadcasting at 10 on the dial) aired low-budget filler designed to educate and inform viewers between bouts of scrolling TV listings. Quite often the shows were "interactive," meaning they took phone calls from viewers live to air, with nary a time delay to prevent embarrassing on-air meltdowns, shenanigans or foul language.
Thanks to having virtually no budget, these shows were beset with technical difficulties, poorly lit sets, and hosts and guests who were not quite ready for primetime, thus ensuring their place in the annals of charming, rubbernecking, must-see, train wreck TV history.
Scarborough Cable 10 had already influenced the comedy gold of '90s titans and Scarborough natives Jim Carrey and Mike Myers (whose Wayne's World is about as on-point an homage as it gets), and was well known for The Rob Cormier Show and the guys who played table Hockey in their basement. Not long after, CUC Broadcasting rebranded the channel as Trillium Community 10.
Debuting on Trillium 10 sometime in late 1992, Ten Forward (see what they did there?) billed itself as community based interactive show designed to spur discussion about "Star Trek, space and technology", but aside from a few visits to the sadly now defunct McLaughlin Planetarium the show was obviously ALL about Star Trek. Just check out those uniforms.
For two hours on Friday nights, 10pm until midnight, the hosts would open up the phone lines to argue the toss about Trek minutiae, ranging from obsessing over minor continuity errors to heartfelt debates about the place of religion in Gene Roddenberry's vision of the future.
Callers to the show included dopey late night shift workers, Forever Knight fans, squeaky-voiced teens concerned about violations of the Prime Directive, lonely women inquiring about the marital status of Jonathan Frakes or Brent Spiner, barely comprehensible weirdos who frightened even the rabid hosts, and not surprisingly, a legion of crank callers.
One can only imagine what it might have been like stumbling across this bizarre program late at night, boozed up and without a concern in the world. It even became somewhat of a cruel sport, as rival gangs of crank callers posed ringer questions before dropping their inevitable F bombs. Full marks to the subtle Pickering crew who managed to sprinkle coded esoteric messages into their banter while on air; Scarborough area cranks seemed to be much more blunt.
As juvenile as they were, the drama of not knowing if a call was legitimate or an attack made for compelling television. At times the series' host "Captain John" seemed almost to be challenging the little punks to call in and say their piece, daring them to try and get past his spry trigger finger. While it seems trite now, hearing the F bomb with such regularity on a TV show at the time was truly shocking, and surely questions were being asked by Trillium brass behind the scenes (the program was in fact rerun throughout the week, with offending calls edited out, making for much shorter episodes).
It is easy 20 years later to laugh at the "nerds playing dress-up in their parents' basement" aspect to all this, but at the time the series was actually a fairly useful service for fan(atics) of Star Trek. Without the aid of the internet, Captain John was able to breathlessly report all the latest Trek news and gossip, dropping hints about upcoming guest stars and release dates for books, videos, and various bits of merchandise.
Captain John remained at the helm of Ten Forward throughout its entire run, while his co-hosts changed from "Commander Bob" to "Ensign Andy" to "Lieutenant Sue." When Shaw Communications bought CUC in 1995 (Rogers acquired it later in 2000), Ten Forward was beamed away, sucked into a wormhole of corporate maneuvering and a changing TV landscape. It's actually somewhat miraculous the show lasted as long as it did, likewise impossible to imagine it in a post-1995 internet gazing world. Thanks to the archiving alchemy of a certain anonymous Scarborough native, Ten Forward can now live on YouTube for future generations to ponder (Retrontario.com has obtained over 20 hours of it, for shame!).
Fans of Star Trek: The Next Generation will no doubt be jazzed that next week sees the release of the 6th season on Bluray, re-mastered in stunning HD and boasting a Delta quadrant's worth of bonus materials, although sadly, no episodes of Ten Forward.
Retrontario plumbs the seedy depths of Toronto flea markets, flooded basements, thrift shops and garage sales, mining old VHS and Betamax tapes that less than often contain incredible moments of history that were accidentally recorded but somehow survived the ravages of time. You can find more amazing discoveries at www.retrontario.com.
A Great Pyrenees called Duke has been re-elected as mayor of the northwestern Minnesota town of Cormorant, for a third consecutive term.
Duke became a mayor of Cormorant, population 1,000, two years ago. He defeated Richard Sherbrook, the owner of a local store, through write-in votes. Duke was 7 at the time and can now boast of being the first mayor in the US to have taken office at such a young age.
For the third straight year, Duke the dog has been elected mayor: https://t.co/tKLyZPb3eJ pic.twitter.com/j8NYntiUhl — The Kansas City Star (@KCStar) August 24, 2016​
Mayor Duke winning his reelection is the only good thing that's happened in America all year pic.twitter.com/wemlQjg1QM — Ryan Broderick (@broderick) August 24, 2016
​The dog won his third election in a row, held Saturday during the 6th Annual Cormorant Daze Festival. Duke attended the event wearing a patriotic star-spangled bandanna around his neck and a small black top hat.
"I don't know who would run against him, because he's done such great things for the community," Cormorant resident Karen Nelson told Detroit Lakes Online.
© REUTERS / Peter Nicholls London Mayor Khan Backs Labour Leadership Hopeful Smith in Race Against Corbyn
The four-legged reluctant politician reportedly has one of the highest approval ratings in the country, and humans in Cormorant believe that his election was foreordained. According to the dog's owner, David Rick, everybody in town voted for the snow-white pooch, "except for one vote for his girlfriend, Lassie."
Duke was unavailable for an interview, but his spokeshuman said he's fully prepared to take office for his third term.
Maybe you really, really miss Breaking Bad. Maybe you can't wait for Better Call Saul. Maybe you're an avid follower of Val Kilmer's Twitter feed. Or maybe you just spend your days swimming around a pool filled with money like Scrooge McDuck. Whatever your reason, you could hardly be blamed for donating a few dollars to this Kickstarter that is requesting $500,000 to make a “sequel” to Breaking Bad called Anastasia.
Leaving aside the fact that TV series don't have “sequels,” per se (usually you'd call it a spinoff or, you know, just keep making the show itself), it sounds pretty fantastic. Val Kilmer (because of course) and Slash (ditto) would play U.S. Marshalls sent in to track down whoever stole Walter White's body in the opening scene of Anastasia‘s pilot (oh yeah, that happens). From there, it's really anyone's guess, but creator Lawrence Shepherd says that he's already finished scripts for all ten episodes of the first season.
Some of you might be saying to yourselves, “This sounds mighty far-fetched to me.” Fair, but then again, so was a high school chemistry teacher becoming the biggest drug kingpin in the Southwest. Kilmer hasn't signed on yet, but the man does love himself a good desert and in an interview with VICE, Shepherd seemed confident about his chances of landing the Top Gun star: “From what people tell me about Val Kilmer, you don't have to pay him a million dollars. If there's some money there, he'll typically do it.”
Shepherd is a little more concerned about getting Slash — who would “stay in the ‘Slash' character” and “will always be undercover” — due to the musician's other obligations, but he's sweetening the pot by naming Slash the show's musical director. Other big names who will be invited to appear in Anastasia (as recovering addicts) will include Russell Brand, Jamie Lee Curtis, Steven Tyler, Dick Van Dyke, Drew Barrymore, Robert Downey Jr., Robin Williams, Neil Young and Eminem — all of whom would be permitted to improvise their own dialogue, which would “elevate Anastasia to an even higher level of quality and randomness.”
It's also not entirely clear what the origins of the series' title (Anastasia) is, but Shepherd has set his sights on at least one female co-star for Kilmer and Slash: Jana Mashonee, who would play Slash's girlfriend.
Though production has yet to begin, Shepherd has already been compelled to change a few of his casting choices. He told VICE he was turned down by Laura San Giacomo (Just Shoot Me), and abandoned his first choice for Kilmer's role — Nathan Lane — because of prospective travel expenses. These hiccups could explain why Anastasia has received just $440 of its half-million dollar funding goal. The project's August 1 deadline is rapidly approaching, but Shepherd says he plans to re-start it if the series is not funded on the first go-round.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Image copyright PA Image caption Janice Atkinson was due to fight the Folkestone and Hythe seat
A UKIP MEP and general election candidate has been suspended "following allegations of a serious financial nature", the party says.
Janice Atkinson, MEP for the South East, was due to fight the Folkestone and Hythe seat on 7 May.
She was suspended following a Sun newspaper investigation into potential impropriety by a member of her staff, relating to an expenses claim.
Ms Atkinson has not responded to BBC requests for comment.
Speaking to BBC Radio Kent, party leader Nigel Farage told the BBC a disciplinary hearing would be held "early next week".
He said: "It looks very bad - it couldn't look worse and I'm astonished by it."
'Couldn't believe it'
The newspaper has published a secret recording appearing to show Janice Atkinson's chief of staff, Christine Hewitt, speaking to the manager of a restaurant in Margate, Kent, before UKIP's spring conference.
In the footage, she appears to ask for an invoice for a much higher sum than the bill she had originally received.
Ms Hewitt is heard to say: "The idea is we overcharge them slightly, because that's the way we repatriate it."
A member of the hotel staff replies: "3,150, is that alright? Yeah, if you're alright with that? Is that enough for you?"
Ms Hewitt then says: "Oh God yeah, that's more than enough."
It is not known whether Ms Atkinson knew or authorised her staff member's apparent actions.
The BBC has been unable to contact Ms Hewitt for comment.
Mr Farage said it was too early to say whether Ms Atkinson would be allowed to run for UKIP in Folkestone and Hythe.
He said: "I spoke to her after midnight and she said it was all to do with bills and fundraising - I was frankly confused by it all."
He added: "I simply couldn't believe it - how on earth could anyone think they could behave like this."
A UKIP spokesman said the party was "incredibly disappointed" with Ms Atkinson, who appeared to have "exercised extremely poor judgement" and to "have acted in a way the party has never and would never condone".
UKIP controversies
Kent Police said it had not received any reports relating to the newspaper's allegations.
Last summer, Ms Atkinson caused controversy in Kent when she referred to a Thai constituent as a "ting tong".
The BBC's political correspondent, Chris Mason, said Ms Atkinson was not the first UKIP MEP to give the party a headache.
Image copyright PA Image caption UKIP MEP David Coburn caused controversy earlier this week
Two former UKIP MEPs have served jail terms and three have defected to the Conservatives in the last four years.
Earlier this week, members of the Scottish Parliament unanimously condemned remarks made by UKIP MEP David Coburn, after he compared a Scottish government minister, Humza Yousaf, to Abu Hamza.
Abu Hamza is serving life in the US for terrorism offences.
The suspension of Ms Atkinson leaves UKIP with headlines it could do without, our correspondent added.
'Dirty, nasty election'
Folkestone and Hythe is seen as a safe Conservative seat.
It was represented by former Home Secretary and ex-Conservative Party leader Michael Howard, from 1983 to 2010, when he stood down as an MP ahead of the last general election.
Fellow Conservative Damian Collins won the seat in 2010.
Ms Atkinson's suspension came shortly after Mr Farage had warned 2015 would be a "very dirty, nasty" general election campaign and urged his party to "turn the other cheek".
He had been speaking in Rochester where he welcomed two former Conservative Medway councillors, Tom Mason and Vaughan Hewett, who are standing for UKIP in the local elections in May.
CoffeeScript is a simple, clean, fast language which compiles to JavaScript, either at build time, with a caching framework plugin on the server, or at runtime in the browser. The...
CoffeeScript is a simple, clean, fast language which compiles to JavaScript, either at build time, with a caching framework plugin on the server, or at runtime in the browser.
The syntax looks like a cross between Python and Haskell1 and, generally speaking, is used similarly enough to Python that you'll have little trouble picking it up and using it comfortably.
It does have a few of what non-Ruby programmers will consider distasteful warts, but for the most part, it's an elegant and delightful language.
You'll probably want to keep the syntax reference open in a background tab at first, but if you're comfortable with Python and you've done any programming with jQuery or some other modern JavaScript library, you'll feel right at home.
Below, I've summarized the points which the documentation doesn't completely prepare you for as a Python programmer.
Helpful features with no direct Python analogue
A.K.A. Things which you'll probably forget to use at first, but which you really should work to remember.
Use almost anything as an expression Not only does CoffeeScript have anonymous functions, you can treat pretty much anything as an expression and it'll be wrapped in an anonymous function if needed. Indent-stripping multi-line strings If you use single-quotes rather than triple-quotes for multi-line strings, it'll still work and leading indentation common to all lines will be stripped. (like textwrap.dedent() , if you're familiar with it) Embedding expressions in strings Given how much string templating is done in JavaScript, it really helps that you can put any expression directly inside the Ruby-style #{string interpolation operator} for own key of To iterate over only the properties which weren't inherited, use for own key of rather than for key of . (Very useful since JavaScript doesn't make a distinction between properties and associative array keys) Fat-arrow function syntax To bind this to the parent object, even in a callback, simply define it with => rather than -> Ultra-concise constructors Rather than filling your class constructors with this.foo = foo , you can simply use the @ shorthand for this. and write constructor: (@foo, @bar) -> with an empty method body. Checking for the existence of variables and properties is concise. Use variable ? "default value" and obj.method?().thing?.widget
Similarities and differences with Python not explicitly mentioned
A.K.A. What the documentation won't directly prepare you for if you have Python instincts.
Ternary syntax will break your muscle memory For a ternary expression, Python uses result = a if test else b while CoffeeScript uses result = if test then a else b . (The if statement syntax on a single line) a = b and c or d works Pythonically but you don't need backwards-compatibility with pre-ternary Python releases Boolean operators don't coerce the return value to a boolean (a will be c or d, not true or false) but 99% of the time, what you really want is the ternary operator. Comprehensions use when , not if If you write result = (x for x in list if x % 2 == 0) , you won't get an error… but you will get a loop inside a conditional rather than a conditional inside a loop.
(If item in the parent scope isn't evenly divisible by 2, the loop will be skipped. If it is, result will be identical to list ) Comprehensions iterating two lists produce a two-dimensional array In Python, this syntax will produce a one-dimensional list while, in CoffeeScript, it produces a list of lists. a+b for a in A for b in B newList = list1 + list2 + list3 is not array concatenation You could use newList = [].concat list1, list2, list3 instead, but a cleaner and more flexible alternative is to use splats. This example cleanly concatenates three lists and two individual numbers into a single list: newList = [listA..., numA, numB, listB..., listC...] In my opinion, this makes CoffeeScript cleaner and more intuitive than Python for this task.
When foo is an array, if foo is always true [] != false so, to check whether a list is empty, you have to do if foo.length instead. someFunction(arg3 = 1) is not the syntax for positional arguments …but because assignment is valid in an expression, it won't raise an error. What you want is someFunction null, null, 1 or someFunction(null, null, 1) There is an equivalent to someFunction(x, y, *args) As in Python, splats aren't just for function definitions. someFunction x, y, args...
A.K.A. Where most of your subtle, hard-to-find bugs will come from as a Python programmer.
If you don't use parentheses in a function call, CoffeeScript will guess them for you …but Haskell programmers and shell scripters will be surprised when a b c d means a(b(c(d))) rather than a(b,c,d) . This also means that foo () is sometimes invalid when foo() is OK. On the plus side, it works very well for ensuring that anonymously defined callbacks aren't an exception to the “indents, not braces” block syntax. The rules are simple but it'll still take some getting used to before I'll stop occasionally tripping over them. Here's how jashkenas explained it to me: The call wraps forwards to the end of the line, or to the end of the indented block, with one specific exception for postfix conditionals. alert a alert(a) alert inspect a alert(inspect(a)) alert inspect a if b alert(inspect(a)) if b Colons aren't part of the block syntax Habitually typing a colon after a function name or control statement will turn it into an object property (think dict literals)… which can do all manner of crazy things if it's something like “else:” which is still valid CoffeeScript. You can't shadow a higher-level variable …only refer to it as in Ruby's “local scope”, so expect to cause subtle bugs if you habitually reuse a handful of temporary variable names. If you want to get out of the habit, PyLint‘s default configuration will complain when you do this in your Python code. Like Perl and Ruby and unlike JavaScript, CoffeeScript does implicit returns …so expect subtle bugs until you internalize that CoffeeScript's function syntax is really a multi-line lambda.
(As the docs say when talking about comprehensions intended only for their side-effects, “Be careful that you're not accidentally returning the results of the comprehension in these cases, by adding a meaningful return value, like true, or null, to the bottom of your function.”) As with PHP, single- and double-quoted strings have different meanings …with interpolation only working in double-quoted strings. Like in C and many C-inspired syntaxes, and explicitly unlike Python, you can do assignment inside an expression. So expect to shoot yourself in the foot on occasion by accidentally typing = instead of == and not getting an error message. (You can, however, reduce the risks by habituating yourself to the is and isnt aliases for == and != )
Caveats to re-mention for JavaScript programmers
A.K.A. Where subtle, hard-to-find bugs may come from if you have a lot of experience working with plain old JavaScript.
Switch statements don't allow you to fall-through to the next case CoffeeScript automatically inserts break; into every case. However, when statements will accept comma-separated lists instead. (I seem to have misplaced the response which gave me this tip. Help appreciated in tracking it down so I can link it.) To avoid namespace pollution, everything is run in an anonymous wrapper …so you have to explicitly attach things to the window object if that's what you want. == and != are converted into === and !== If you really want the intransitive, coercion-inducing version, wrap the expression in backticks to mark it as raw, untranslated JavaScript. CoffeeScript's in is Python's in JavaScript's in is CoffeeScript's of .
Python features still to find equivalents for
Concise any(iterable) , all(iterable) , and reduce(function, sequence) without relying on Underscore.coffee or ECMAScript 5.
Did I miss something?
I'm new to CoffeeScript, so please let me know if I'm wrong or if I forgot to mention some area where Python instincts will steer you wrong with CoffeeScript.
Also, don't forget to read the FAQ. It's not as noticeable as the docs, but it's almost as useful. 🙂
1. Technically, the syntax is inspired by Ruby and YAML, but I know quite a few Python programmers for whom that wouldn't mean anything, so I compare to Python and Haskell first instead.
A Python programmer's first impression of CoffeeScript by Stephan Sokolow is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Gibraltar should not be used by Spain as a bargaining chip for Britain's Brexit negotiations, the chief minister has said, as he insisted that it was perfectly possibly for Britain to leave the EU and Gibraltar to retain open borders.
Fabian Picardo was in New York to put forward Gibraltar's position at the UN's Fourth Committee – an annual gathering of “colonised” territories.
And Mr Picardo said that the meeting was more important than ever, given the June decision to leave the European Union.
“The current caretaker foreign minister of Spain, Sr Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo, has said that he sees the Brexit vote as the best and possibly final opportunity for the Spanish flag to fly over Gibraltar,” Mr Picardo said.
“He says he sees the Spanish flag flying over Gibraltar very soon.
Tipperary 0-14
Dublin 0-12
TIPPERARY MADE HISTORY as they pulled off a remarkable second-half comeback and dethroned All-Ireland U21 football champions Dublin.
Tipp scored 11 of their 14 points in the second half to stun the Dubs and book their place in the All-Ireland final for the very first time.
Dublin looked to be on course for their second consecutive U21 final after Shane Carty extended their lead to 0-8 to 0-3 just after half time but the Premier County staged a roaring comeback.
The first half belonged to Dessie Farrell's men though, with Conor McHugh kicking three points to give the reigning champions a 0-7 to 0-3 advantage at the break.
The game began to turn when Josh Keane pointed five minutes into the second half to cut the gap to four. Three more scores followed in the next ten minutes before Cormac Costello hit back for the Dubs to give them a two-point lead.
But Tipperary couldn't be denied and further scores from Keane, Jason Lonergan and a Kevin O'Halloran brace saw the Munster champions go in front.
Ross Mulcahy and David Byrne swapped scores as the Dubs drew level but Stephen O'Brien engineered a bit of space in front of the posts to put Tiperrary ahead once more in injury time.
The champions couldn't respond, and one last O'Halloran free saw the Premier men book their place in their first ever All-Ireland final at the U21 age grade.
They will face Tyrone, who beat Roscommon 0-17 to 0-12 in Saturday's second semi-final.
Scorers for Tipperary: Kevin O'Halloran 0-4 (3f), Josh Keane 0-3 (3f), Steven O'Brien, Colin O'Riordan 0-2 each, Ross Mulcahy, Liam Casey, Jason Lonergan 0-1 each.
Scorers for Dublin: Conor McHugh (1f), Cormac Costello (3f) 0-4 each, Shane Carthy 0-2, Colm Basquel, David Campbell 0-1 each.
DUBLIN
1. Lorcan Molloy (St Annes)
2. Martin Cahalane (Cuala)
3. David Byrne (Naomh Olaf)
4. Eoin Murchan (Na Fianna)
5. Eric Lowndes (St Peregrine's)
6. Conor Mulally (Cuala)
7. Ross McGowan (Kilmacud Crokes)
8. Stephen Cunningham (St Sylvester's)
9. Shane Carthy (Naomh Mearnóg)
25. Aonghus Farrell (Na Fianna)
11. Andrew Foley (Clontarf)
12. Niall Scully (Templeogue Synge-Street)
13. Cormac Costello (Whitehall Colmcille)
14. Conor McHugh (Na Fianna)
15. Colm Basquel (Ballyboden St-Enda's)
Substitutes:
26. Shane Cunningham for Stephen Cunningham (25)
24. Shane Clayton for Foley (45)
17. Eoin Fletcher for Cahalane (49, black card)
Aaron Byrne for Basquel (49)
20. David Campbell for Scully (52)
TIPPERARY
1. Evan Comerford (Kilsheelan Kilcash)
2. Kevin Fahey (Clonmel Commercials)
3. Jimmy Feehan (Killenaule)
4. Colm O'Shaughnessy (Ardfinnan)
5. Ross Mulcahy (Moyle Rovers)
6. Luke Boland (Moyle Rovers)
7. Bill Maher (Kilsheelan Kilcash)
8. Steven O'Brien (Ballina)
9. Colin O'Riordan (JK Brackens)
10. Jason Lonergan (Clonmel Commercials)
11. Ian Fahey (Clonmel Commercials)
12. Liam Casey (Cahir)
13. Kevin O'Halloran (Portroe)
14. Josh Keane (Golden Kilfeacle)
15. Paul Maher (Kilsheelan Kilcash)
Substitutes:
Dean McEnroe for P Maher (59)
A seal hitched a ride on a boat off the coast of Vancouver Island to escape a pod of hungry orcas who were hunting him.
Nick Templeman, who runs Campbell River Whale and Bear Excursions, says he was with a group out for a boat ride, when he stopped the boat in an area he expected to be a good spot to see transient killer whales that day.
After 30 minutes of watching orcas, he noticed the whales suddenly went into their hunting mode. That's when he noticed something else: a seal, seeking safety on the back of his boat's swim grid.
"This seal was tossed around a few times and taken under quite a bit before seeking refuge among the boats in the area," Templeman said. "He got close enough to see us and beelined for the boat."
Templeman captured the encounter on his GoPro camera.
"He was on and off the swim grid [on the boat] two times during the encounter," said Templeman, but the whales didn't give up.
"The orcas kept sounding and coming up right behind the boat, searching," he said.
In the end, the seal outsmarted the orcas, thanks to its hiding spot on the boat.
"It was an amazing and intense encounter — the seal is the survivor," Templeman said.
Leaked Intelligence Document Calls For More, Not Less Encryption To Protect Companies And Citizens From Cybercriminals
from the and-yet,-everyone-seems-to-be-calling-for-less dept
Everyone from FBI Director James Comey to UK Prime Minister David Cameron is calling for an end to encryption. The FBI is afraid it won't be able to catch criminals if it can't immediately access content and communications. David Cameron is afraid it will be nothing but constant terrorist attacks from here on out if authorities don't have access to "every means of communication."
Considering many of these voices decrying encryption presumably have access to top secret briefings and documents otherwise unseen by the general public, it's rather surprising they've ignored previous advice from intelligence officials to the contrary.
A secret US cybersecurity report warned that government and private computers were being left vulnerable to online attacks from Russia, China and criminal gangs because encryption technologies were not being implemented fast enough.
[...]
The document from the US National Intelligence Council, which reports directly to the US director of national intelligence, made clear that encryption was the “best defence” for computer users to protect private data.
Another newly discovered document shows GCHQ acting in a similarly conflicted manner, despite the agencies' private acknowledgement that encryption is an essential part of protecting citizens against cyber-attacks.
The 2008 memo was addressed to the then foreign secretary, David Miliband, and classified with one of the UK's very highest restrictive markings: “TOP SECRET STRAP 2 EYES ONLY”....
The memo requested a renewal of the legal warrant allowing GCHQ to “modify” commercial software in violation of licensing agreements. The document cites examples of software the agency had hacked, including commonly used software to run web forums, and website administration tools. Such software are widely used by companies and individuals around the world.
The document also said the agency had developed “capability against Cisco routers”, which would “allow us to re-route selected traffic across international links towards GCHQ's passive collection systems”.
GCHQ had also been working to “exploit” the anti-virus software Kaspersky, the document said. The report contained no information on the nature of the vulnerabilities found by the agency.
This document comes from The Guardian's stash of Snowden leaks. What it says runs completely contrary to the panicked assertions of officials. It even runs contrary to the NSA's own actions, like its active attempts to weaken NIST standards . The report recommends strong encryption, coupled with multi-factor authentication, which would make data and communications wholly inaccessible to the NSA (and GCHQ, its steady surveillance partner).But this recommendation doesn't come from an outside source. It's an intelligence council that reports directly to the head of national intelligence. And yet, the word didn't spread very far. The NSA isn't thrilled with encryption because it keeps what it wants out of reach. Law enforcement has the same "problem." Both have actively worked to undermine encryption for their own aims and both are perfectly willing to open up citizens and companies to outside attacks in order to preserve the status quo.And it's not just American agencies that have ignored these recommendations. The GCHQ is engaged in the same cognitive dissonance.Again we see agencies charged with protecting nations walking away from this responsibility in order to pursue their own ends. Sure, some safety may have resulted from the collection of unencrypted communications, but both agencies are willing to compromise corporate hardware and consumer software in order to grab just a little more hay for the haystacks.You can't make a nation safer by destroying its safety features. There's a bigger picture that these agencies refuse to see -- even when internal guidance puts it front and center. If you weaken protections, seek legislation to prevent encryption, collect and stash exploits and install backdoors in hardware and software, you make the nation's cybersecurity that much harder to maintain. The NSA and FBI both want a piece of the cyberwar action but they want to leave everyone that isn't them defenseless. Over on the other side of the pond, the GCHQ is doing the same thing and it has the support of a Prime Minister who feels no communication should be able to escape the agency's notice.And behind it all, there are documents touting the protective powers of encryption. But that makes intelligence gathering and law enforcement too difficult, so I guess we'll all have to do without.
Filed Under: cybersecurity, encryption, fbi, gchq, nsa, privacy
Smoke, dust and debris rise over Gaza City after an Israeli strike on August 8, 2014, during the 51-day Operation Protective Edge.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina — An Argentine lawyer said he will file a lawsuit in federal court in Buenos Aires accusing Israel of crimes against humanity and genocide.
Carlos Slepoy told Pagina/12, a Buenos Aires newspaper, in an interview published Tuesday that the suit will be filed in the coming days in response to Israel's 50-day operation in Gaza this summer. The suit is in conjunction with the American Association of Jurists.
The suit singles out specific Israeli leaders as being responsible both directly and non-directly for the alleged crimes, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon, IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz and Likud MK Moshe Feiglin, according to Pagina/12.
“The disproportionate number of forces and the large number of [Palestinian] victims reveals the huge crime," said Slepoy. "We will provide to the court a list with names and ages of the Palestinian kids murdered."
The number of Palestinian civilians killed during this summer's fighting is a fraught topic, with estimates ranging widely depending on which group is doing the counting.
Slepoy, who successfully opened in Argentina a trial about crimes committed in Spain during the government of Spanish dictator Francisco Franco, said he hoped that Gaza victims and human rights groups representing Gazans would join the suit.
In July, the American Association of Jurists issued a statement “strongly condemning the criminal aggression of Israel against Gaza and the occupation of Palestinian territories including East Jerusalem.”
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
At least 10 students admitted to college have lost their chance to matriculate after posts in private group joked about race, child abuse and sexual assault
At least 10 students lost their chance to attend Harvard College after posting “obscene memes” to a private Facebook chat, the main Harvard student newspaper reported.
The memes included jokes about pedophilia, child abuse, sexual assault, and the Holocaust. One message referred to a Mexican youth being hanged as “piñata time”.
The memes were shared as part of a private Facebook chat where admitted students in the class of 2021 shared edgy jokes as part of a “just-because-we-got-into-Harvard-doesn't-mean-we-can't-have-fun kind of thing”, an admitted student told the Harvard Crimson
The paper quoted a number of students from the incoming class, who had a range of responses, including two who said it was the right approach to withdraw the offers. “I do not know how those offensive images could be defended,” one student said.
Harvard puts men's cross-country team on probation over 'crude' documents Read more
At least two Harvard professors, however, questioned the decision to withdraw the offers. Alan Dershowitz, an emeritus professor at Harvard Law School, told the Guardian that losing admission to Harvard was a “draconian punishment” for “very bad taste jokes that students were sending to each other”.
“It sounds like Harvard is intruding too deeply into the private lives of students,” said Dershowitz, who has represented a series of high-profile clients, including OJ Simpson.
“It may affect them for life,” Dershowitz said.
Harvey C Mansfield, one of Harvard's most outspoken conservative professors and the author of a book called Manliness, also told the Guardian he questioned the decision. “The bounds of what is offensive have been extended and distorted, and I no longer trust the bent judgment of politically correct enforcers.”
A spokeswoman for Harvard University declined to comment on the report. “We do not comment publicly on the admissions status of individual applicants,” Rachael Dane wrote in an email.
The official Facebook page for students admitted joining the Harvard Class of 2021 warns students that “Harvard College reserves the right to withdraw an offer of admission under various conditions including if an admitted student engages in behavior that brings into question his or her honesty, maturity, or moral character”.
Dershowitz said this guidance was too vague to provide students with any real understanding of the school's expectations. “When you punish a student seriously without articulating standards, I think it raises questions,” he said.
While Harvard, as a private college, is not legally bound to respect the first amendment within its walls, it has long upheld the principle of free speech, Dershowitz said. “This is just the kind of awful, awful speech the first amendment is designed to protect,” he said.
The Tab, a news site run by university students, published what it said were screenshots of the memes.
A member of the Facebook group chat, whose name was not included in the piece, told the Crimson that the Harvard applications committee emailed students who were part of the group in mid-April, asking them to submit a statement “to explain your contributions and actions for discussion with the Admissions Committee”.
A week after that, “at least ten” members of the group received letters rescinding their offers of admission to the class of 2021, the source told the Crimson.
Last year, a previous group chat for admitted Harvard students sparked a public condemnation from university officials after the chat included racist jokes. The university would not comment on how many students who are admitted to Harvard have their offers of admission rescinded in a typical year.
Meme-sharing Facebook groups have become a new college tradition , Mic reported last week, with students across the country trading inside jokes and fighting battles with rival universities via screenshot and caption.
The names of some of these public Facebook groups, Mic reported, were “Harvard Memes for Elitist 1% Tweens”, “UCLA Memes for Sick AF Tweens”, “USC Memes for Spoiled Pre-Teens” and “UChicago Memes for Theoretical Midwest Teens”.
The private Facebook group chat that led to offers of admission being rescinded was named, at one point, “Harvard memes for horny bourgeois teens”, the Crimson reported.
I know, I know, it is super-fun to hate the National Rifle Association. They say a lot of stupid things that really tick people off, like saying the answer to school gun violence is armed guards in every school.
Then there's their unofficial leader, the Nuge, who told NRA convention goers last year that he would be either dead or in jail if Obama won the next election. Well, a year later, Obama is in office and Ted Nuget was a headline at this year's NRA convention held last weekend in Houston. I guess the Nuge was either on a day pass from jail or, come to think of it, likely a zombie, brought back from the dead by a wealthy NRA donor. Freeze dried maybe?
Regardless, the NRA is great at ticking people off and drawing a lot of attention through their over-the-top rhetoric. And every time you or I react, or the media, or politicians react, we fall right into the game the NRA is being paid to play.
The NRA takes in tens-of-millions a year from gun companies, and I can tell you, as someone known for their spindoctoring past, the gun companies are getting their money's worth. Case in point, would be the Newtown tragedy, something that still brings a tear to my eye and I hope always will. After Newtown, was it gun manufacturer Smith & Wesson or Beretta, that was suggesting the answer to school massacres was more guns in the form of more armed security guards? Nope, it was the NRA.
Was it Sig Sauer up on the stage at the NRA national convention, telling the audience that “more gun laws are not the answer?” Nope it was NRA board member Ted Nugent.
The NRA is a sock puppet, saying the things that the gun companies could never say. Or, if you will, in military parlance, the NRA is the flak jacket, paid to take a bullet for their corporate sponsors.
Want to win the war on guns in America? Stop fighting the NRA and start holding the gun company's feet to the fire.
Efforts to bring down the Trump presidency continue, and Resistance is putting on a show everywhere — even at beaches:
Nearly 1,000 Trump protesters spell out "Resist!!" on California beach https://t.co/CMFGFZP5q7 via @NBCBayArea pic.twitter.com/mvQTn77D2W — NBC News (@NBCNews) February 12, 2017
They ALMOST brought about real change:
Sadly they only made two exclamation marks and the constitution says you need at least three before the president has to resign. https://t.co/tIJYIlpYB7 — neontaster (@neontaster) February 13, 2017
D'oh! Better luck next time, Resistance!
If you can find 1000 people with sufficient free time to hang out at the beach for this, you have nothing to resist. https://t.co/CzT9NaTjEn — Mo Mo (@molratty) February 13, 2017
Good news – that's 1000 protesters who were not out smashing windows and lighting stuff on fire https://t.co/FYoppEOzSt — Legal Insurrection (@LegInsurrection) February 13, 2017
How much greenhouse gas did they generate driving to and from this pointless event? https://t.co/4JBgUPSrcR — Michael Liu (@spyguy8080) February 13, 2017
Look at the chart above and you'll see two things happening. First, Apple has overtaken Symbian to become the top smartphone platform in the UK (with a 27 percent market share). And secondly, Android has grown 634 percent year-over-year to shoot into second place, with less than half a percentage point keeping it from the top spot (other reports already place it ahead). As you might expect, much of that growth isn't coming from folks switching from one smartphone to the other, but from new smartphone users -- Comscore found that 42 percent of all mobile users in the UK used a smartphone in May of this year, compared to just 27 percent a year ago. Of course, that also means that 58 percent of UK cellphone users are still potential smartphone users (to say nothing of those that still doesn't have a cellphone at all), so there's certainly still plenty up for grabs for all involved.
Tabatha: OK, this smells beyond gross, but it's actually just kind of like Greek yoghurt. Like, it's fine, but I wouldn't drink a pint of it.
Tom C: The one time I definitely wouldn't touch this stuff with a bargepole is on a hangover. This is the sort of thing that should be drunk by health people. People in Lycra should drink this. Basically, it's Yop without the sugar.
Remee: I only put a bit in the glass and watched it trickle down towards my mouth. Pretty sinister stuff.
Tom P: I am drinking cheese. I AM DRINKING CHEESE. (It's actually quite nice.)
Jamie: A bit like a Yakult, but probably not as expensive.
Chelsey: Right before I took a sip I heard Tom say it was like drinking cheese, so it was over before it started for me.
Carl: This was a weird one. As someone who often accidentally drinks gone-off milk, I'm now wondering if this is a whole new world of hangover cure. Bring on the kefir.
The views expressed are the author's own and not necessarily those of the Brennan Center for Justice.
America is a nation that follows politics with the passion of Romans flocking to the Colosseum to watch gladiators in combat. But there are peculiar gaps in this collective political obsession -- even when it comes to factors that could heavily influence the 2020 presidential race.
At a time when the Democrats are refighting the 2016 nomination battle with the publication of Hillary Clinton's latest memoir, the California legislature voted in the wee hours Saturday morning to upend the 2020 political calendar. The legislature's handiwork would move the California primary from June to early March. Gov. Jerry Brown is widely predicted to sign the measure. As a result of this shift, which has gotten little attention outside the state, Californians would vote for president directly after the four small states (Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and Nevada) that traditionally kick off the primary season.
At this point, many readers are probably stifling yawns and murmuring to themselves, "So what?" It is a common -- if wrong-headed -- response since the only time that the order of the primaries arouses much public attention is during a presidential year when it is far too late to change the schedule. (I wrote a paper on the presidential selection system for the Brennan Center in April warning of precisely this problem).
Alex Padilla, California's secretary of state, summarized the rationale for the scheduling change in a recent op-ed for the The Sacramento Bee. "By moving the primary to March," Padilla wrote, "California would become more than an ATM for politicians who fly in to raise money and leave without hearing from voters. Future presidential candidates would need to make California a priority by visiting our state early and often."
Yes, they would -- and that is precisely the problem.
The issue is not the admirable diversity of California's voters or the injustice of the state usually voting after the presidential nominees have been determined by other states. Rather, by jumping near the front of the queue, California will make it likely big money will determine the 2020 Democratic and Republican nominees, if there is a GOP contest.
It is quite possible that serious Democratic candidates will need to spend upwards of $25 million each to compete in this single primary. Frugality is for losers since Democratic Party rules require candidates to get at least 15 percent of the vote in individual congressional districts or statewide to win any delegates.
This week Newsweek, in a comically premature rush to judgment, used the projected new California primary date to ask in a headline: IS KAMALA HARRIS NOW THE 2020 ELECTION FAVORITE TO TAKE ON TRUMP?" Harris, who has been in the Senate for less than eight months, of course, represents California. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti is also viewed as a would-be candidate who might benefit from a fast-forward California primary. An early March California primary would also be made to order for a self-funding billionaire candidate like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg or environmental crusader Tom Steyer.
It would be ironic if the Democratic Party -- which is militant on the topic of overturning the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision -- unthinkingly opened the flood gates for a presidential nomination fight by and for billionaires.
California has experimented with an early presidential primary before, most recently in February 2008. But the state proved too vast for a decidedly California imprint on the races in either party. As the San Jose Mercury News editorialized two weeks after the 2008 experience, "California's vote may have ‘mattered' more than it did in previous years, but voters didn't see any more of the candidates than in previous years. Nor did the candidates focus on issues of special significance to the state or the region."
It is worth noting that 2008 was the last presidential race before the dawn of the Super PAC era. While there was no Democratic contest in 2012 and Hillary Clinton never deployed her Super PAC resources against Bernie Sanders in 2016, it is unlikely that this self-restraint will carry over 2020. Especially if the Democratic candidates early in the nomination contest have to contend with the prodigious costs of campaigning in California.
But it won't be just California. In all likelihood, California's primary legislation will trigger a land rush of other states trying to get in on the action. On the first Tuesday in March in 2016, nine states (including Texas) held primaries. Add in California and other states that will be screaming for attention -- and it is easy to envision that nearly half the convention delegates could be selected in primaries on Tuesday, March 3, 2020.
Such front-loading of the primaries would be a disaster for democracy. Candidates will need to have tens of millions in hand before the Iowa caucuses (tentatively slated for early February) in order to reserve ad time in key March 3 states.
Moreover, what essentially would be a warp-speed four-week primary race would destroy any sense of deliberation in the selection of a nominee. It often takes months of investigative reporting and biographical excavations for the media to provide an accurate portrait of a presidential contender.
What is happening in California illustrates the inherent weakness of political parties in 2017. Tom Perez, the new Democratic national chairman, neither has the clout nor the inclination to pressure California Democrats to reconsider their heedless rush to move their primary to March. The sad result may be that candidates without personal fortunes or complaint Super PACs will be effectively barred from running serious campaigns for the White House in 2020.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
Written by Sean Cashen, who is a former Nuclear Reactor Operator for the U.S. Navy and Current Managerial Economics student.
It's no secret that expressing gratitude for the blessings you have makes you happier and eases stress. Even before science and psychology were widely studied, people had some idea of the positive benefits of being thankful. The practice of religious men and women expressing thanks and praise to their higher powers through prayer dates back thousands of years.
Today psychologists and researchers understand that gratitude has a profound influence on your overall mental health, and, more recently, have discovered that it may play an even larger role in a person's physical health than previously thought. Expressing gratitude, in the short term, is an excellent way to destress and put yourself in a better mood. The benefits of being grateful to can, however, be even more powerful, as several researchers have noted.
A 2015 study conducted at Indiana University tested 43 subjects who had been undergoing counseling for anxiety or depression. Half of the subjects were asked to write letters of thankfulness or gratitude as part of their therapy, and the other half continued treatment as normal. The subjects' brains were periodically scanned to observe any changes in brain activity regions between the two groups. At the end of the 3-month study, subjects received various sums of money, to which they were then asked to donate a portion to charitable causes.
The findings were that, “subjects who participated in gratitude letter writing showed both behavioral increases in gratitude and significantly greater neural modulation by gratitude in the medial prefrontal cortex three months later” (Kini et al, 2015). Additionally, subjects from both groups who had donated larger portions of their gifts to charity reported noticeable changes in overall demeanor during the follow-up. Because of this one act of charity and compassion, they were, in many cases, significantly happier and had better overall life outlooks as much as 3 months later.
This study was able to successfully document the physical changes in brain activity that occur when consistently expressing gratitude, and joins a number of other studies in confirming the positive effects that being grateful can have on your life. The study noted increased positive brain activity in and around subjects' hypothalamus, which you should recognize as the area of your brain that controls most of your body functions such as sleep, metabolism, and stress levels. A direct correlation between gratitude and increased dopamine production was also found.
Indeed, a remarkable correlation has been noted between increased levels of gratitude and better sleep (Ng et al, 2012). In a study on patients with chronic pain, researchers discovered that subjects who were made to perform gratitude journals had lower levels of depression and anxiety, and better overall sleep. To see if the mental health benefits were due to better sleep or practicing gratitude, they then tested subjects by limiting sleep. Overall, gratitude was found to have a huge effect on overall mental health, showing direct benefits for depression, and indirect benefits for anxiety by combatting insomnia. The better sleep also helped with the chronic pain in several cases.
If you are looking for a happier more joyful life, it might not be a horrible idea to look around and give thanks for what you already have. Tell your loved ones how much they mean to you. A little optimism can do wonders for your demeanor. Professionals also suggest keeping a daily gratitude diary, which often result in remarkably optimistic mannerism and behavior changes in a period of only a few weeks.
Sources
Kini, Prathik et al “The Effects of Gratitude Expression on Neural Activity.” NeuroImage. U.S. National Library of Medicine, 2015. Web. 13 Jan. 2017. <https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26746580>.
Ng et al “The Differential Effects of Gratitude and Sleep on Psychological Distress in Patients with Cheonic Pain.” Journal of Health Psychology. U.S. National Library of Medicine, 2012. Web. 13 Jan. 2017. <https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22412082>.
Les Chapman was originally brought to Manchester City by Peter Reid
From darning holes in socks for Division Two grafters on less than £1,000 a week to ordering dozens of new shirts every match for global superstars picking up more than £200,000, it has been a varied 22 years for Les Chapman.
But the former Manchester City kit man, who cleaned his last pair of boots last season, says one thing summed up the astonishing change at the club more than anything else.
"We got kit skips with wheels on," he says. "That was when we knew."
Much else has changed since "Chappy" walked through the doors for the first time in 1992. Homely Maine Road, tucked among the red-brick terraced houses of inner-city suburb Moss Side, is now a housing estate.
At the side of Etihad Stadium, the club's expanding home, the finishing touches are being put to a £200m training complex which features a media theatre, 16 pitches and its own 7,000-capacity stadium.
In the place of then chairman Peter Swales, the local fishmonger's son who sold televisions, is an Abu Dhabi sheikh who has spent more than £1bn since arriving in 2008.
Gone from the front of the shirts is a sponsor that made sewing machines, replaced by one that flies airplanes.
Chapman played 749 times for clubs including Oldham, Huddersfield and San Jose Earthquakes
Chapman, 65, has had a front row seat to the transformation. He has had access most could only dream of. One day he could be plotting the now famous "Why Always Me?" T-shirt Mario Balotelli unveiled after scoring in the Manchester derby, the next could find him taking the mickey out of goalkeeper Joe Hart's shampoo advertisments or jetting off to Spain international David Silva's Canary Islands retreat.
Proudly wearing an engraved Rolex watch which City's players bought him as a "leaving present" - he will now interview players, entertain supporters on match days and star in videos for the club's website - Chapman gives a fascinating glimpse into the characters he has encountered inside the City dressing rooms.
Mario and the Father Christmas cash giveaway
Did Balotelli really, as rumours claimed, drive around Moss Side dressed as Father Christmas handing out wads of cash?
Chapman printed the famous 'Why Always Me' T-shirt after a training-ground summit with Mario Balotelli
Chapman pauses for thought, presumably wondering what he can and cannot say.
"Whatever you read about Mario is probably true," he explains diplomatically. "He was predictably unpredictable. A brilliant talent, always an individual. A complete one-off and an enigma.
"You could talk about Mario for ever. He did some ridiculous things. He was a bit of a loose cannon but he has a lot of endearing qualities about him."
Peter Schmeichel: from great guy to monster
Mario, however, was not his trickiest customer. That accolade goes to a man who made his name on the other side of the city, winning five Premier League titles and a Champions League final in eight glittering years at United before crossing the divide - after spells with Sporting Lisbon and Aston Villa - for a season with City in 2002-03.
Peter Schmeichel transformed into a "monster" on match days, according to Les Chapman
"No," he says. "That was Peter Schmeichel. He was a great guy during the week and then on a Saturday he turned into a monster.
"He would arrive in the dressing room and I would have to hide his gloves so nobody could see or touch them and I would have to produce them about 40 seconds before he went out.
"He had a nine-and-a-half boot and a ten-and-a-half boot and then he'd have three new kits. One for warm-up, one for each half and three new vests every week because he said when they were washed they wouldn't fit him.
"I can remember him having 92 shirts one season which was unheard of at the time - now they have two per game. Sergio Aguero has four because all the opposition players want to swap with him."
Th'Arty and th'Aguero
Chapman is the man who hands out nicknames to the players. Hailing from Oldham, many have a Lancastrian edge. Aguero is "th'Aguero," Joe Hart is "th'Arty" - you get the picture.
Chapman was close to both Mario Balotelli and Carlos Tevez
The trio of Serbian defender Matija Nastasic, Montenegro striker Stevan Jovetic and Spanish winger Jesus Navas are referred to simply as "Nas", "Jov" and "Nav".
Richard Dunne, the no-nonsense ex-City defender and Republic of Ireland international now at QPR was, strangely enough, known as "Linford", after legendary British sprinter Linford Christie.
Chapman explains: "We were playing a match and Richard came flying out of nowhere to nick the ball off a winger. Nicky Weaver, the keeper at the time, couldn't believe it and shouted out that he was like Linford Christie. From then on he was Linford."
Hart's shampoo advert and not-so-boring Milner
Joe Hart is one of City's dressing-room leaders, according to Chapman
England's number one starred in a television advert for a brand of shampoo before the country's disappointing World Cup campaign that even prompted former Three Lions boss Glenn Hoddle to poke fun at him.
It did not go unnoticed at the club.
"We gave him grief for three weeks every day about that advert," says Chapman. "But then he started producing cartons of the stuff for everybody so that quietened down."
From one England man to another. Clean-living James Milner is the subject of a Twitter parody account @boringmilner, that pokes fun at his being dull and has 308,000 followers.
So is such ribbing justified?
"No," says Chapman, firmly. "He's a very interesting lad who raises thousands for charity. He's not a mad flamboyant character but he enjoys a laugh."
A close shave for a body-conscious Bulgarian, stylish Samir and Tony Tramp
Chapman has witnessed a variety of quirky characters over the years but says a Bulgarian striker who made only 11 appearances for the club will never be forgotten.
Former City striker Valeri Bojinov, pictured here playing for Lecce, had an interesting dressing-room habit
"Valeri Bojinov used to shave the whole of his body," he declares. "Everything apart from his head and his eyebrows, in the shower. The water used to wash it all away, thankfully."
While Bojinov clearly paid close attention to his appearance, Chapman names Samir Nasri as the most stylish player and current Blackburn Rovers first-team coach Tony Grant as the scruffiest.
"We used to call him Tony Tramp," he muses.
Pleasant Pellegrini
Manuel Pellegrini is said to have lifted the mood at City after the departure of Roberto Mancini
Former manager Roberto Mancini, who won a Premier League and FA Cup but is said to have alienated many of City's staff before his departure last year, is not mentioned. Chapman's description of Manuel Pellegrini, however, seems to suggest he is everything his predecessor was not.
"He's a very polite man," he says. "A very nice man, he shakes your hand, says hello. He doesn't shout and rant and rave. He's an intelligent man who knows what he has to do. He never makes any special requests, there's nothing flash about him and he's really down to earth."
Chapman knows all about being a manager following a caretaker spell in charge of Rochdale in the 1980s ("If you're a senior player with four working brain cells, chances are the board will give you the job"), and stints at Stockport County ("I fell out with the chairman") and Preston North End ("They sacked me but the timing was great because I went to City").
On Monday, Chapman jetted out with the squad for the club's tour of the United States where they will take on some of Europe's superpowers in some of the country's biggest arenas.
Each player will be kitted out in tailor-made equipment from Nike polo shirts to suits provided by Harvey Nichols.
"I saw a video of a match against Liverpool from 1993-94 the other day," says Chapman, reflecting on the changes.
"Every single City player was wearing an 'XL' shirt - it wasn't a style choice - it was all we had."
Experiencing the human-powered rocket ship first hand
It's cycling, Jim, but not as we know it
Last weekend I spent an afternoon with velonaut Richard Bloodworth and Laid Back Bike's David Gardiner trying out the Milan velomobile.
Regular readers will be aware that I've been documenting the construction of this Milan for the last few months so was very keen to get behind the “wheel” of this remarkable vehicle:
That's me, doing a little under 33mph on a flat bit of road towards the end of my second 10km “time trial” up this section of dual carriageway… thanks to David for capturing this footage!
Not a review
It's only fair to be up-front and say that I can't really ‘review' the Milan in the same way as the many recumbents I've compared on this site to date.
For starters the Milan is the only velomobile I've so much as sat in, never mind ridden. At least the sitting part might change when Edinburgh gets its first carbon Quest later this year but even so, I think a huge period of adaptation would really be needed to do these remarkable vehicles justice.
The Milan is so fundamentally different to any other type of bike (or vehicle) that I think there would be little value in trying to rate it “versus” other bikes, (in terms of possible uses, luggage, practicality etc.) – you really need to come to your own decision that a velomobile would be right for you…
This piece should really just be taken at face value as a short insight… you have been warned!
Bottom line:
The Milan velomobile doesn't feel fast. Actually it's quite a fast mover, with Richard equalling his Fujin SLII commute record in the first couple of trips – but only your speedo will tell you how well you're doing. If you turn up for a test ride make sure you can measure speed somehow before feeling underwhelmed!
the Milan's bodywork might slip through the air like a dart but drivetrain friction and other mechanical resistances shouldn't be underestimated. Milan measured 30mph/50kph for 135W using a PowerTap hub, which is downstream of all drivetrain losses. Based on percieved exertion, I'd say I was putting out at least twice that much power at the cranks (anyone who rides a Milan with power cranks please chime in!) Of course, it's always possible to optimise the drivetrain…
The Milan's handling is a challenge, at least for the uninitiated. Above 30mph on a smooth dual carriageway I almost didn't feel able to change gear for fear of swerving, and there is significant brake steer. I'd rely on Richard for an owner's experience of this rather than my brief exposure, of course, because an afternoon is a short time to get comfortable on anything new.
Taken as a whole, the noise, heat, and general experience of riding the Milan is much more like being driving in a track-day kit car by an enthusiastic teenager than “like your family car, only with pedals” as I half expected. I won't say that this is a downside per se because it's all about expectation, and you won't be fooled by a test ride here.
All still images courtesy David Gardiner / Laid Back Bikes.
The Fit
Adjusting the Milan wasn't too difficult because I'm shorter than Richard: we removed a section of chain and then pulled the bottom bracket in by 6″ or so (which has to be done with the vehicle on its side, via the reversing foothole).
It's not amazingly convenient but having this access clearly makes a big difference to the maintainability of the bike in field conditions. I'd think carefully before buying something which restricts access through the cockpit itself (especially as the Milan's built-in headlights lights can't be used to perform maintenance when the ambient light is low).
Richard is pretty tall and still fits inside the Milan OK, after having tweaked his position. For what it's worth at 5'10”, ~43″ x-seam, relatively broad shouldered and with modestly size feet (!), I thought I'd fit a Milan “SL” easily enough – there were bags of room in this full-size version even around my shoulders.
Manouvreability
The steering lock, though limited, still allows the Milan to turn more or less in the space you'd use in an average family car – so if you can drive your route, it will be OK by velomobile.
One note was that my smooth road shoes were terrible at attempting to reverse using the foot hole – which made the one three-point turn I tried, to back towards the driveway, a total failure. Something with a bit of grip left absolutely necessary (although of course you can always jump out, this isn't a quick operation because of the hood!).
Handling
If you expect the steering of the Milan to be vaguely related to anything you've ridden before, you're in for a surprise! It's barely even a distant cousin of the various ICE trikes I've ridden…
Below 15-20mph the Milan is relatively placid, but as you build up speed the handling becomes razor sharp, possibly in a good way (long term owner's report required!) but for a test ride, it was really quite intimidating.
The most hairy moment came as I descended a shallow slope on the empty dual carriageway at around 40mph, when I spotted a car building up speed to join at a slip road. The natural thing to do would have been to move into the fast lane and pass them, but I felt neither able to steer nor brake, so close was the Milan to the edge of its handling. This is also an issue if you have any tendency to grip the bars as you put in power – you soon won't!
By the end I had learned to partially tame this trait by pressing my arms against the inside of the fairing, and guiding the steering with a feather-light touch from two fingers. I'm hoping to hear from Richard that this, like other aspects of my test ride, is something you'd naturally grow comfortable with / out of.
There's lots of brake steer, which in my opinion is mostly something you'll learn to anticipate but does complicate a test ride – you can see the brake steer visibly in the second “slip road” video just after I leave the main carriageway, bringing the Milan a little to the left.
Potholes and other road imperfections need a careful lookout, not just because the Milan has very low ground clearance (or even because the ride quality deteriorates dramatically on a broken surface) but because, even with suspension, quite a lot of shock makes it through to the body, and of course everything is drilled into carbon fibre, from the seat mounts to the suspension struts.
It's encouraging that so many Europeans are doing very high mileages without their velomobiles cracking apart, because to the untrained ear it sounds like it's taking quite a pummelling!
Locals took a keen interest!
Weight
You're going to find the Milan either remarkably heavy or remarkably light depending on how you look at it. You could pick up a featherlight road bike in one hand and then try to do the same with the Milan on the other (you'd fail!), but on the other hand, I commute on a ~13kg upright often pulling a 10kg trailer, and then you're only looking at a few extra kilos to make what I consider still a fast moving combination into a full blown velomobile.
Compared with other velomobiles the Milan is supposed to be significantly lighter, but I can't really comment on that based on my not-so-extensive first-hand experience!
It's getting hot in here
The heat inside the Milan is something else. Even though the day was cool (I rode in a windproof, long sleeves and fleece gloves to and from the rendezvous), I rode the Milan in a summerweight short jersey – unzipped!
At lower power output the air circulation under the visor was fine, but when I was going for it the fairing got very hot quickly… after 20 minutes going hard it was like a sauna. Fantastic in winter, but I'm interested to know how Richard will get on next summer (luckily Scotland's shortest season!) – lots of hydration needed I imagine!
Noise
The noise inside the Milan is fearsome. Probably this could be further optimised with some more damping material between the hood and the cockpit rim, but as it is I would certainly want earplugs (or of course headphones) if I rode it regularly. It's not so much drivetrain noise, the drivetrain being a sort of low rumble/hiss, but road surface ‘detail' that is bouncing around the close confines like thunder.
How tight you manage to get the bungee / velcro holding down the hood obviously contributed a lot to this, as my last ride was much better than the first – so perhaps I was also missing a few tricks here.
Visibility
Given that they can't hear traffic while in motion you'd be right in assuming a Milan pilot won't be making any manouvres across the road without looking behind them… and the hood makes this more than an academic question, as it restricts visibility to the forward 180 degree arcs only (however, I didn't feel visibility in the forward/side directions was compromised by the hood significantly).
Richard's Milan features two mirrors and between them you get a reasonable view of the road behind (certainly fine on the open road – manouvreing tightly might benefit from a more convex mirror but then you couldn't as easily judge traffic the rest of the time…)
Indicators are built in since there's no way at all to get your arm out in the open air!
Traffic reacted to the velomobile in a very positive way – in fact they were almost troublesomely patient, including at a roundabout where traffic from the right insisted on giving way to me (the opposite of the way UK roads work)…
The Milan is similar in stature to a sports car like a Lotus, although of course considerably narrower. Certainly I had no fears whatsoever that I would be crashed into, and this was borne out by the reality of riding it both in village streets and on open dual carriageway.
Of course, it's quite possible that a peer of the realm may be writing text messages while driving and crash into the first velomobile (or ordinary bike, or lamp post or parked car) they find, but if they did the carbon bodywork would hardly be a disadvantage compared with an exposed human body. (Although as reported recently, it may not help if you are hit side-on at a crossroads).
Speed and efficiency
There's a huge amount of friction in the drivetrain which I think probably contributes as much to the Milan's sluggish performance at low speeds as the weight – the chain run is very long and almost entirely within tubes, and you can feel when turning the chainset by hand just how much drag that imposes.
But mechanical resistance is only a small part of the story – to be fair, one doesn't buy a velomobile to accompany joggers in the park… what happens when you unleash it on the open road?
The first thing to comment on is the velo's momentum. You'd think that the weight of the Milan would bring it rapidly down to earth when the road turns up, but in common with Richard's own reports, I really did feel that it just kept rolling forever – only the more sustained climbs really forced me to sit in and winch up.
Once speed gets much above 15-20mph the aerodynamic advantage of the Milan comes into its own, in fact after the initial acceleration effort is complete, it hardly feels more strenuous to ride at 25mph than 10mph.
The main run I put in was 10km / 6 miles out and back on a stretch of dual carriageway (roundabouts at either end, but unfortunately some traffic lights too). By this point in the day I had already ridden the Milan a score of miles on local roads as well as travelling to and from the train on my Strava bike, so on top of being at a seasonal low fitness-wise, I wasn't fresh either.
Still, I was able to hold a hair under 30mph for almost a mile and a half and finished the 10km at an average of just under 25mph, again a major achievement considering the two traffic lights and two roundabouts that held me up on the circuit.
There was an average gradient of just under 1% (of course, concentrated in a couple of sustained rises) which saw me freewheeling over 40mph and reduced to under 20mph on the return. All in all, I could easily picture adding 5mph onto the rolling average with time to condition myself.
So there you have it – a bit of a ramble for which I apologise, but hopefully some interesting or useful observations about this singular machine!
See also
AUSTIN, Tex. — The Obama administration on Wednesday faced the first major court challenge to its guidance about the civil rights of transgender students in public schools, as officials from 11 states filed a lawsuit testing both the scope of federal anti-discrimination law and the government's sweeping interpretation of it.
The officials, in states from Arizona to Georgia to Texas to Wisconsin, brought the case in Federal District Court in Wichita Falls, Tex., and said that the Obama administration had “conspired to turn workplaces and educational settings across the country into laboratories for a massive social experiment, flouting the democratic process, and running roughshod over common-sense policies protecting children and basic privacy rights.”
The lawsuit asked the court to block the federal government from “implementing, applying or enforcing the new rules, regulations and guidance interpretations.”
Wednesday's litigation fed into the nation's intensifying, and suddenly fast-moving, debate about the rights of transgender people and, in particular, whether the administration has exceeded the scope of current laws defining discrimination in the United States.
Dr Raymond Richards has previously made the news in 2010, for a book he authored on Sir Geoffrey Palmer.
A Waikato University lecturer is sticking to his guns over a remark on Facebook that some have branded anti-Islam.
Dr Raymond Richards, who works in the history department, created waves after a post on a Z Energy Facebook page, in which he declared: "Who needs employees if they stop work five times per day to talk to an imaginary being?"
The post attracted criticism from others posting on the Facebook page, with some saying it was racially insensitive. One person lodged a complaint with Richards' employer, the university, and this in turn prompted media coverage of the fracas - coverage which Richards claims has misrepresented his intent and undermines his intelligence.
Because his remark was made under a photograph of a Sikh Z employee, some of Richards' detractors had assumed that he had mistaken the man depicted as a Muslim - however, this was not the case, he said.
In response to inquiries from Stuff, Richards said earlier coverage of his remarks in other media did not give an accurate picture of the message he was trying to get across.
"I did not confuse Sikh and Muslim. My comment was on the original post, which was about diversity, not on the photo.
"I did not advise discriminating on the basis of religion. I asked if employers would want to hire someone who stops work five times per day to talk to an imaginary friend."
Richards said he had deleted his Facebook comment himself, "because I do not want extremists coming after me".
That fear may be well founded. In 1998, the university hired a security guard to protect Richards while he was on campus after two death threats were made against him following a lecture he gave on the Mormon Church's history of violence and polygamy.
Richards also took to his own Facebook page on Sunday to clarify his earlier comments to a reporter about the Z Energy page post.
"I told her my comments on Facebook are made as a private individual, not as a representative of the university, that I stand by the comments, and that NZ is a free country" he wrote.
That post also spurred much ensuing debate.
In response to inquiries, the university's communications and external relations director Alice Clements produced a short statement:
"The University of Waikato does not condone language or actions that perpetuate hate, discrimination or harmful stereotypes. We are an institution that values diversity and have clear expectations of staff conduct. We will be examining this matter carefully."
Oklahoma City police say a business owner shot a robbery suspect Tuesday night.Video: Store owner says he shot man who tried to rob himAccording to police reports, Jimmy Lee was taken to OU Medical Center after police say the owner of Regency Labels shot him.According to police reports, the shooting happened just after 11 p.m. Tuesday in an industrial park in the 4300 block of SW 44th Street.According to police, Lee pulled out a gun and threatened the owner, demanding his Rolex watch.The business owner, who did not want to be identified, said he was able to distract Lee and pull out a gun in self-defense.KOCO 5 checked into Lee's background and found he has a lengthy criminal history.
Oklahoma City police say a business owner shot a robbery suspect Tuesday night.
Video: Store owner says he shot man who tried to rob him
Advertisement
According to police reports, Jimmy Lee was taken to OU Medical Center after police say the owner of Regency Labels shot him.
According to police reports, the shooting happened just after 11 p.m. Tuesday in an industrial park in the 4300 block of SW 44th Street.
According to police, Lee pulled out a gun and threatened the owner, demanding his Rolex watch.
The business owner, who did not want to be identified, said he was able to distract Lee and pull out a gun in self-defense.
KOCO 5 checked into Lee's background and found he has a lengthy criminal history.
AlertMe
(Photo: Amber Arnold)
A tipping point has been reached in modern medicine where the medical utility of cannabis can no longer be denied in a wide variety of diseases.
It effectively treats dozens of ailments from neurological conditions like multiple sclerosis and epilepsy to inflammatory conditions as in Crohn's disease and chronic pain. Miraculously, it can also stop seizures other medications can't touch.
Patients in 20 states and D.C. have legal access to this medicine, and efforts are underway in scores of other states where legislatures are seeking access to medical cannabis for patients with certain well-defined conditions. Public support for medical cannabis remains high throughout the country.
And recently, support for medical cannabis has soared even more after Dr. Sanjay Gupta's series on CNN highlighted his about-face on the subject. In part two of his series "Weed" that aired in March, Gupta discussed his transition from a doubter to staunch advocate for the use of medical cannabis along with the need for further research.
The effects of tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, are the most well known; it is the compound responsible for the "high" of cannabis, as well as important anti-inflammatory and anti-tumoral effects. Non-psychoactive cannabidiol, or CBD, is the new darling of lawmakers in conservative states who sense the rising tide of popular support for medical marijuana — and would love to appear to be "doing something" — but lack the political courage or will to advocate for an actual medical marijuana law.
CBD is politically safe because, as a non-psychoactive component of cannabis, it doesn't get anyone high and, better yet, it helps to quell seizures of the kind often found in pediatric epilepsy. So the combination of "helping kids" and "it doesn't get you high" has proved an "in" for medical marijuana in what would otherwise have been quite forbidding places, such as the halls of power in Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi. Similar legislation is now working its way through the Missouri House of Representatives.
Now, when suffering kids, sometimes dealing with hundreds of seizures a day, find relief, that's a wonderful thing. We owe it to these youngsters and their families to do everything we can to ameliorate their suffering, and we applaud all efforts to do so.
But the disquieting fact about these no-political-risk types of laws is that they are written so narrowly as to help only a handful of children, or perhaps none at all, according to some critics; and all of the dozens of cannabinoids found in marijuana work most effectively in a synergistic fashion, potentiating each other's medical benefits.
That makes it absolutely vital from a scientific and medical viewpoint that we include more than only two of the likely dozens, possibly even hundreds, of cannabinoids that contribute to the medicinal benefits of cannabis. The synergistic power of the cannabinoids working together in various ratios to both potentiate and ameliorate specific outcomes represents one of the promising areas of modern medical research. More than 85 different cannabinoids have already been isolated from cannabis, with many more likely to come.
Additionally, legislators who pass these "CBD-only" laws — as the Missouri legislature did this week — seem to be unaware that it doesn't even have to be a high-CBD strain to treat pediatric seizures without getting kids high. Uncarboxylated THC — that is, THC which hasn't been exposed to heat — has also been shown, in early testing, to quell seizures, and it isn't psychoactive until converted by heating.
That's important information for struggling parents who may not be able to afford the sky-high prices of CBD oil, which are unfortunately occurring due to the media frenzy over cannabidiol; THC-rich strains of marijuana are much more affordable.
Here, on the brink of one of the biggest scientific breakthroughs of the 21st century, it would be a tragedy to lose much of the incredible medical potential of this plant by buckling to the political pressure of CBD-only legislation. Let's follow the science where it takes us.
Gil Mobley is an emergency physician in Springfield. He has been a medical cannabis advocate in Missouri and Washington state, where he's operated a clinic specializing in medical cannabis authorizations. Steve Elliott is a journalist in Washington state and the author of "The Little Black Book of Marijuana."
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/1jmhvFv
UN Goodwill Ambassador Emma Watson has been a major proponent for gender equality for the last several years. Time and time again, she's stood up and spoken out for women all over the globe. Last year, she gave an unbelievably inspirational and empowering UN speech about how gender equality is a battle we should ALL be fighting for — not just women. She's given feminist dating advice and has often brought attention to the lack of women in leadership. Her amazing #HeForShe campaign has inspired hundreds of thousands of men (right now, over 380,000!) all over the world to take a stand for gender equality.
Now, Emma has spoken out once again in a powerful new British Vogue video about gender equality that was shared last week. The video, entitled “Emma Watson: Fashion on Gender Equality,” shows the September Vogue star grilling some of the most well-known people in the fashion industry — Stella McCartney, Bella Freud, Jonathan Saunders, and Erdem Moralioglu, for example — about feminism. “I want to get this conversation, this dialogue happening specifically within the fashion industry to ask the leading voices about gender equality,” she explains at the start of the video.
Emma asks them questions like, “Are you a feminist?” and “What part can the fashion industry play in addressing gender inequality?” And just like that, the conversation is started.
“I think the fashion industry has a very big role to play,” McCartney, pictured above, says.”It has a huge voice and the voice can be adapted. We need to give a better message to women of all ages, all sizes and all nationalities. We need to allow women to feel comfortable in who they are.”
Freud, pictured below, believes the issue lies in the pay gap. “The real thing about equality between men and women is fair pay,” she says.
Saunders points out the fashion industry's representation is where gender inequality needs to be addressed. “We need to be really careful with the images we produce,” he says in the video. “Something that empowers women rather than making them look weaker and more fragile.”
As for Moralioglu, he has high hopes for gender equality in the fashion industry. “I'd like to think the world is evolving into a place where your sex isn't going to limit you in any way, shape or form,” he says in the video.
Emma agrees, but explains that it's a slow transformation. “I think it's really improving,” Emma says of the industry. “I've seen some very positive steps towards equality in the industry. I think there's a lot of racism, I think there's a lot of sexism. I'd really really love to see a more diverse representation of women and men in any way that makes them feel empowered.”
We totally love Emma and her insistence to make gender equality a conversation in all areas of life. The fashion industry is an incredibly important facet of life to talk about, especially as it controls many of the images and stereotypes put into the media. Thanks, Emma, as always, for tirelessly fighting sexism and asking the tough questions that many are too afraid to address. Check out the full video below, and for more information on Emma's HeForShe campaign, go to the website here.
(Images via YouTube.)
Today, Mashable broke the news that CAPTAIN PLANET IS BACK, BABY!
Well, they're not rebooting it though. Which is a miracle. Instead, they're bringing back the man in blue in a special crossover episode of OK K.O.! Let's Be Heroes set to air Monday, October 9 at 6:30pm EST.
Captain Planet (voiced by David Coburn) and Kwame (voiced by LeVar Burton) appear in the episode, in OK K.O.'s goofy art style, which might disturb some, but to me, it's freaking awesome.
I think my favorite thing about this is how unexpected this is, yet it's something I could have absolutely seen Ian Jones-Quartey do for his show. And boy, he did it.
Don't know if the rest of the cast will appear, they probably won't. But we got LeVar's character, that's all that matters. Don't know if the episode is double length either, could just be 11 minutes like the previous two CN crossovers we've had recently.
The first season of Captain Planet and the Planeteers has been on CN on Demand for months now, but just recently it also showed up on the CN app for easier viewing. So, go watch it, see if it holds up. It doesn't, by the way.
Hot Toys has unveiled its Toy Fair Exclusive 1/6th scale Joker Arkham Asylum collectible figure from next month's Suicide Squad, which is based on the image of Jared Leto's Clown Prince of Crime in the upcoming DC supervillain team-up; check it out here…
The movie-accurate collectible figure is specially crafted based on Jared Leto's image as The Joker in his Arkham Asylum outfit in the movie. It features a newly sculpted head sculpt, special paint applications to capture The Joker's unique appearance, finely tailored straitjacket with weathering effects, and a specially designed backdrop of the Arkham Asylum.
SEE ALSO: New images of Jared Leto's Joker from Suicide Squad
It feels good to be bad…Assemble a team of the world's most dangerous, incarcerated Super Villains, provide them with the most powerful arsenal at the government's disposal, and send them off on a mission to defeat an enigmatic, insuperable entity. U.S. intelligence officer Amanda Waller has determined only a secretly convened group of disparate, despicable individuals with next to nothing to lose will do. However, once they realize they weren't picked to succeed but chosen for their patent culpability when they inevitably fail, will the Suicide Squad resolve to die trying, or decide it's every man for himself?
SEE ALSO: Follow all of our DC Extended Universe coverage here
Suicide Squad hits theaters on August 5th 2016 and sees David Ayer (Fury) directing a cast that includes Will Smith (Focus) as Deadshot, Jared Leto (Dallas Buyers Club) as The Joker, Margot Robbie (The Wolf of Wall Street) as Harley Quinn, Jai Courtney (Terminator Genisys) as Captain Boomerang, Joel Kinnaman (RoboCop) as Rick Flag, Viola Davis (The Help) as Amanda Waller, Cara Delevingne (Paper Towns) as Enchantress, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Thor: The Dark World) as Killer Croc, Ray Olubowale (Resident Evil: Afterlife) as King Shark, Jay Hernandez (Hostel) as El Diablo, Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) as Slipknot, Jim Parrack (Fury) as Johnny Frost, Ben Affleck (Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice) as Batman, newcomer Karen Fukuhara as Katana, Common (Selma) as Monster T, and Ike Barinholtz (The Mindy Project) and Scott Eastwood (The Longest Ride) in as-yet-unconfirmed roles.
Hello youse.
I've been thinking a lot about what I wrote last week – particularly that part about how we move new people into playing board games. It seems so fucking weird that I care. I'm trying to place myself in the shoes of someone who doesn't give a shit about board games. They're looking at me, I'm sure, thinking “Why can't I just not like this crap? Can you please allow me to not like this childish crap?” But I'm getting weird about it. I think society needs more people playing games together at one table in one room. I think it might be a vital thing.
This week, I want to try to attack this thing head-on.
WHY IS BOARD GAMING UNCOOL?
And it IS uncool. And you could argue that cool doesn't matter. But it does. Cool always matters. The definition of cool is the only thing that can be argued about. And even that's a pointless argument, because “cool” is something you can feel. For young people, board gaming isn't attractive. It has an image problem. A major image problem.
The most high profile public face of board gaming is probably Wil Wheaton, with his show Tabletop. He seems like a lovely guy, for sure. But he couldn't be further from cool. He's a nerdy guy playing to an audience of nerds and nerd-sympathisers. Outwith this weird circle that we (me and you) exist in, Wil Wheaton carries no weight. He is there, doing a thing he is comfortable doing, surrounded by people who are comfortable with him, embraced by an audience of comfortable people. And that's fine. I'm not asking him to give all that up. He is doing it well.
The recent Tabletop Day thing that Wil did was a nice idea too, but it was also kinda fucking weird. I had a similar idea a while back – “HOST A GAMING DAY! INVITE STRANGERS!” – but that was fucking weird too. Look, I'm trying to challenge some thoughts here. Look at that website. Is it just me, or is there something a bit creepy about it? “Take a game to your community centre! Have a game day in your house!” All lovely stuff, but… Why? Why do we need to be so fucking culty and oddball about it? Why does board gaming often move down the same paths we expect Christian bake sales to take?
I've heard that Tabletop has broken some new people into board gaming. But are they the right people? I think that people who would find board games through watching a show like Tabletop, or Tom Vasel's stuff, or one of my old things, is probably the type of person who would find it anyway. When I get tweets from people looking for advice on their “first proper board game”, it's always a similar type of person. Late twenties or older. Usually male. Often with young children. Usually with a beard. And I'm GLAD those people are trying out board games. But where is everyone else?
MY FEAR OF BUBBLES
There are no real easy answers – but this is what I've been thinking about lately:
When I started writing and making videos about board games, there wasn't a lot of people doing it. But now everyone is doing it. And we're all doing it in exactly the same way, and playing to the exact same audiences. We're all trampling over each other, stepping on each other's toes, tugging each other's beards. It's not healthy, I don't think.
We're in a bubble. The internet is full of bubbles. The people we follow-on Twitter, the things we search for on Google, the websites we visit. We stretch out our arms and we quickly touch the soapy wall around us. It's why we're not, any of us, cutting through with the message about board gaming.
WHAT MESSAGE?
Fuck. What IS the message? It isn't that Agricola is a great farming game. Or that Cosmic Encounter is the BEST space game. We've done all that. The message is that people need to be beside each other. That's all the message ever was. People beside other people, smiling at other people, touching other people. And people means every person. Everybody. It doesn't matter what the game is. As long as it's something that makes you laugh in close proximity to another person. Good people. Good drink. Good laughs. Good fun. Together.
THE CHANGE OF DIRECTION
Which means a change of direction is necessary.
Rock Paper Shotgun is an amazing website. I think it's the best source of games writing on the internet. I really do. But lately I've been feeling like my column is just a place like many other places. Sure, sometimes I go way off and weird it up a little. But I often come back to that default position of recommending a board game, probably the same board game that others have recommended that week. And it will have been recommended by many other people in the same way. The same ground being covered again and again.
When I come back from holiday, you'll be seeing a new Cardboard Children column. In fact, I'm going to change that name too. I want to take coverage of board gaming in a completely different direction. I want to take a broader look at it, and cover it in a much more subversive way. If there's a website that allows experimentation in games writing, it's Rock Paper Shotgun.
And if, after eight weeks of that new direction, I don't feel like this column is different enough? Then I don't think there's any point in it existing at all. I'll walk away from it. But I don't think it'll come to that. I'm fizzing with ideas.
I've been heading in this direction for a while. I've been very aware of that Raven watching me. I've been trying to climb the mountain that is my new video game show. Trying to find new ways of talking about the stuff I love. I'll still recommend games to you, don't worry. But we're on a bigger journey than that this time, I think.
Change or Die.
I don't want to die.
1. You know if he turned up at your door in the rain, you'd put up with him dripping all over your hallway. You've got a wet floor sign, right?
2. You're so bananas for his Scottish twang, you've downloaded every single one of these audiobooks. Twice.
3. And you've actually considered moving to Scotland in the hope of running into him in his kilt.
Getty Images
4. You fantasise about this happening to you all day, every day...
5. You stood by him during these dark times...
Getty Images
(Oh god - look at the back...)
Getty Images
6. You'd go full goth for a slice of this leather-pant-wearing pie...
7. You wouldn't mind having a turn on his Sonic Screwdriver. OI OI!
8. You've learnt to live with the fact that no series of Doctor Who will be as good as the ones with David and Billie Piper
9. You couldn't get over how sweet he was when he went round to Miller's for dinner in Broadchurch
In fact, everything Hardy and Miller do together is great
10. Every single time Hardy's heart problems flare up, you curse the day you changed your mind about becoming a nurse
11. You know you'd have the best holidays together because he hates the beach as much as you do (or at least you've convinced yourself you hate the beach...)
12. You'd happily risk your airways closing up due to a cat-hair allergy for him.
13. And finally, you know you're not allowed to find anything in Harry Potter sexy, but... JUST LOOK AT THAT TONGUE GO!
I'll just leave this here...
Follow Anna on Twitter.
Like this? Come and check us out on Snapchat Discover.
Dick Enberg will join Kirk Gibson in the Fox Sports Detroit booth Saturday for the Tigers-Rays game. (Photo: Mike Groll, Associated Press)
He tells the story a lot, but it always brings a smile to the listener.
Dick Enberg, growing up on a 40-acre farm in Armada, always wanted to play right field for the Tigers. Problem was, in 1953, they signed a different 18-year-old kid, a chap named Al Kaline.
"I was moaning and groaning to my friends that Kaline had taken my job in right field," Enberg said over the phone Thursday. "My friends would say, 'Enberg, you thought you had talent, but you only talked a good game!'"
Well, years later it was that talking that finally granted Enberg his wish.
Working TV for the then-California Angels and with the Tigers coming to town, Kaline had to miss the call for a family commitment — and so they requested Enberg to work with George Kell for the game in Anaheim.
"Finally!" Enberg said, with a laugh. "I get to replace Al Kaline."
That was the first time Enberg, 81, got to do a game on Tigers TV. Saturday will be the second, when, for a special one-day cameo, he will join Kirk Gibson in the Fox Sports Detroit booth to do the game against the Tampa Bay Rays at Comerica Park.
It's part of the ceremonial farewell tour for Enberg, the voice of the San Diego Padres who announced 2016 would be his last season calling baseball.
The idea was that of Fox Sports San Diego executive producer Jeff Byle, who called his counterpart at FSD, John Tuohey, to make it happen.
And Enberg, obviously, was thrilled.
"I haven't done a game at the new ballpark," Enberg said of Comerica, which opened in 2000. "Just to reflect on my memories as a Tiger fan and the players that inspired me ... It's a typical farewell, no matter what your job. All of a sudden, people like you more."
Enberg's career in sports broadcasting is legendary, and covers almost all sports, from the Olympics to the NFL, from NCAA basketball to major golf.
But it's baseball, first as a Tigers fan, then an Angels broadcaster, and since 2010 a Padres broadcaster, that's always been the passion of a kid born in Mount Clemens and raised at 33 Mile and North Avenue in Armada, with so few friends around, he'd entertain himself by hitting rocks over telephone wires.
He'd always bat left-handed, a tribute to another of his childhood idols, Boston Red Sox great Ted Williams. Whenever Boston was in Detroit, Enberg would hitchhike down to then-Briggs Stadium, just to watch batting practice. Years later, he became friends with Williams, and asked how many home runs he would've hit a year in Detroit, with that short porch in right field.
"Without hesitation," said Enberg, "80. That's what we thought!"
Armada, where Enberg helps raise money for school projects through an annual golf outing, will be hosting a watch party Saturday at the Lions Club, with big-screen televisions and lots of old friends in attendance.
"There might be 30-40 people there," Enberg said, before rattling off his signature line. "Oh, my!"
Enberg went to college at Central Michigan University, where there's now a bust of him in the basketball arena.
From there, he went on to Indiana University, earning master's and doctorate degrees before going on to his broadcasting career, which, last summer, earned him the Ford C. Frick Award and a spot in the National Baseball Hall of Fame. He was honored alongside longtime Detroit News Tigers beat writer Tom Gage, who won the J.G. Taylor Spink Award.
He's going back to Cooperstown, New York, this July.
"I don't have to worry about a speech," Enberg said. "Just go and hang with the guys, and just myself to rubbing shoulders with greatness."
Those Hall of Famer players, in turn, will do the same.
It's already been a fun final year for Enberg, who just got back from a two-week trip to Israel with his wife. Two weeks off during the season would've never been an option years ago, but for Enberg, in his final year, who was gonna tell him no?
And what an experience it was.
"Just a mind-boggling trip, like drinking history through a fire hose," Enberg said. "That's really one of the reasons I want to be able to hang up the microphone. I want to say 'Yes' to things again."
That's not to say Enberg plans to do nothing work-related in retirement.
A professor at Cal-State Northridge in the early 1960s, he's had overtures about teaching sports broadcasting and sports journalism, and he's strongly considering saying yes. It might be in California, though he said he has heard from Big Ten schools and ACC schools, too.
He misses his college days, which also included a stint calling legendary UCLA basketball.
"I'd love to be a sophomore again," he said, laughing. "A jacket with a leather patch on my elbow, get a phony pipe and not smoke it.
"Give back all the things I learned."
But, until then, there is still some more work to be done.
That work continues Saturday, alongside Gibson — who Enberg remembers as a "red ass" as a player and a manager, "And, hey, I respect that; I think every clubhouse needs more than one of those" — with a massive audience of Tigers fans, fans he once wished he could've suited up for.
Enberg is busy with preparation, devouring both teams' media guides, and checking the box scores. He knows some of the players, like former Padres Cameron Maybin (Tigers) and Logan Forsythe (Padres), and will, no doubt, be a quick study on the rest.
Of course, he'll tell stories, too. Without question, you'll hear about Nolan Ryan's no-hitter at Tiger Stadium in 1973, when Enberg called it from the booth — so close, he could hear umpire Ron Luciano tell Tigers slugger Norm Cash he couldn't bat with a table leg, and Cash responding, "I won't hit him anyway," Cash whiffed, then said, "See! Told ya."
"Hopefully, I won't wander too far from the game telling stories," Enberg said. "That always bothers me when I'm watching, 'Hey, there's a game going on!'"
Don't sweat it, Mr. Enberg. Saturday is your day in Detroit.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @tonypaul1984
If you're sick and tired of the latest pop songs being endless parodied in Minecraft, we've found an original Minecraft song that you'll love.
Created by Youtuber YourFavoriteChef, the song is the culmination of an four year old idea, a brother that's now an electronic music producer and a lot of work.
It's great to see small youtubers challenging the heavyweights in terms of Minecraft music videos. Hopefully this trend continues to grow.
Next, check out some Stunning Minecraft Poetry
Hey Gearcrafters! Now It's your chance to share with us, just hashtag #YoGearcraft on your Twitter post with a link or image to your art, creations, videos, servers or whatever and it will appear right on our #YoGearcraft page for millions to see! It's that easy! So what are you waiting for!? Give us a shout out #YoGearcraft!
There's been a recent firestorm surrounding the Twitter de-verification of The Fabulous One, Master Milo Yiannopoulos. I'll probably write up a column on all that later on, because the media aspect of this has been amazing to watch. It's truly taken off in almost every way imaginable. As a result, I was sent a tip the other day via email ([email protected]). In it, I was pointed to a place that allegedly sells Twitter verifications. The email itself had suggested me trying to buy one in order to show you all how crooked the Twitter team truly is, but I don't have the money laying around to waste on a prank at this moment. Still, in light of the recent news, I thought it would be worth it to come show you all the info I've gathered here on the site.
Keep in mind, a lot of these people are most likely scammers. However, some sound more real than others. Also, and I'll talk about this in a minute, the verification process could be had in a much simpler way that trying to buy it from some possibly shady individuals. Let me show you the pics and archives first, then talk about that after.
(archive list)
Now, as I said, some of these guys sound more legit than others. Undoubtedly, there are some scammers in the mix above. Still, there does seem to be some merit with some of the post, especially the last one. In case you didn't know, there is one surefire way to get verified, and that is by spending shitloads of money with Twitter itself. Adland talked about this just the other day…
But then I also found this article at Digitaltrends, where they explain how they lost their blue checkmark. They stopped advertising on Twitter. When they reached out for an explanation of where their Verified mark vanished to, Twitter responded to them with this:
“Verification is something we offer our active advertisers meeting the $5K/month minimum spend associated with our Platform Partnership.”
“…If you were to re-visit Promoted Products further down the road and were able to meet that $5K/month minimum, this verification would be reinstated.”…
This little blue “verified” check marks have become status symbols. And while verified accounts aren't officially for sale, Twitter advertisers who spend a minimum of $15,000 over three months can get one, according to a media publisher who has been trying to get his magazine's account verified.
So it's clear, the ways you get verified at Twitter is either is via that mystery friend at Twitter, or the magical “twitter picked you” because you are Kim Kardashian, or you simply pay your way to the blue checkmark. But as Digitaltrends discovered twitter can still remove your checkmark when you stop advertising. So it's not just Milo Yiannopoulos who gets his checkmark revoked, while Twitter points to their rules and decline to further elaborate on what he did wrong, Digitaltrends lost theirs because they didn't pay the ‘protection money' so to speak. I wonder, Does Kim Kardashian and Madonna pay for their marks? I bet not.
It seems the biggest frauds are Twitter themselves. Color me un-surprised. If you have loads of cash to waste, you too can have a little blue checkmark! Money talks, as they say. You would think that Twitter would be a little less brazen with this sort of thing, but then you have to remember: they can hardly make any money as it is. Selling out in this manner is one of the few ways they have to get quick cash.
Foxconn's Innolux will build a new $2.6 billion sixth-generation plant in Southern Taiwan to supply displays exclusively to Apple, after the iPhone maker made an "urgent" request, it was announced on Thursday.
The new plant from Foxconn-owned Innolux Corp. will begin mass production of panels exclusively for Apple by the end of 2015, according to a representative for the company who spoke with Bloomberg. Equipment installation is reportedly set to begin next month after Innolux received "an urgent request for exclusive capacity," the report said.Foxconn Technology Group expects to spend $2.6 billion over the next two years on the factory, which will employ some 2,300 people at the Kaohsiung Science Park campus in Southern Taiwan.Little else about the arrangement, including display types or even what devices Foxconn might be building screens for, is known. But in recent years, reports have claimed that Innolux Corp. has been gradually squeezing out longtime LCD supplier Samsung from Apple's supply chain.Earlier this year, it was said that Apple tapped Innolux to supply the 4.7-inch Retina displays used in Apple's current iPhone 6. Other rumored LCD suppliers are LG Display and Japan Display.Innolux is Taiwan's largest maker of LCD screens, and Apple uses LCD technology on most of its products, including the iPhone, iPad, its MacBooks and the iMac.In a new direction, the company will use power sipping AMOLED technology for its upcoming Apple Watch, but those tiny wrist-worn displays are expected to cost considerably more per pixel than the LCD screens used on other Apple devices.
In October, Marcel “Mac” DeGuire became president and chief operating officer of Guyana Goldfields, an exploration-stage company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange that has been losing money trying to develop gold mines in South America for years. Within a few weeks DeGuire was helping to convince investors to buy into a Guyana Goldfields financing for C$3.40 a share, a significant fund raise for the company of some $100 million that closed in February. Eleven days later, however, DeGuire resigned from Guyana Goldfields, citing “personal reasons.” The stock has plunged by more than 60% in 2013 and is now changing hands for C$1.24.
It might be surprising for some market watchers to learn that Guyana Goldfields' biggest shareholder is the Baupost Group, the massive Boston hedge fund firm run by Seth Klarman. Baupost owns 19.7% of Guyana Goldfields, a stake recently worth about $30 million. A billionaire hedge fund genius, Klarman is one of the most revered money managers of his generation, a value investor who likes to steer clear of controversy and public attention, keep his head down and concentrate on his investments. His track record and reputation are stellar, which makes it a little strange that Baupost has gotten behind Guyana Goldfields and some other long shot, some might even say iffy, gold mining ventures with penny stocks and high executive pay. These companies often make sure to point out that Baupost is a major investor in their shares in investment presentations.
Shares of gold mining companies have been hammered this year as the price of gold has tumbled. Most gold mining companies are facing a serious cash crunch as the economics of their industry get upended. The fall of gold and gold miners has publicly embarrassed investors who made big bets on the sector, like billionaire John Paulson, who has been so frustrated with the shadow his decimated and relatively small gold hedge fund has cast on the rest of his hedge fund operation that he has stopped sending out his gold fund's financial returns to investors in his other funds. Klarman's gold mining investments have also been clobbered, losing between $150 million and $200 million in value in 2013. That's hardly an insurmountable loss for Klarman since Baupost manages $28 billion and, unlike Paulson, Klarman does not separate out his gold-related investments in a separate fund. Still, Klarman's gold mining losses, which have not received any public attention this year, are among the biggest to have hit a major U.S. hedge fund this year.
Baupost's gold mining portfolio is a relatively modest part of its main hedge fund's overall portfolio. It's designed to protect client capital, including purchasing power in an inflationary environment, and perform well over the long-term when other investments in the portfolio may not be performing well, according to someone familiar with Baupost's thinking. The firm has taken large and concentrated positions in five small gold mining outfits and had a sizeable investment in a sixth, Allied Nevada Gold , which the hedge fund unloaded in the first quarter of 2013. The specific gold mining investments were selected after the firm's investment management professionals carefully analyzed them and found their investment as well as hedging characteristics compelling, says someone familiar with Baupost's portfolio.
Baupost has bought into two gold mining stories in Romania that have performed poorly. One of them, Gabriel Resources, has for years been trying to develop the Rosia Montana gold project, spending more than $400 million. But the project has been stymied by environmental concerns over the plan to use cyanide to develop an open cast gold mine and Romania's demand for extra financial guarantees. Baupost owns 13% of Gabriel's stock, which is down 35% this year.
Another Romanian effort Baupost has backed is Carpathian Gold. Baupost is the second-biggest shareholder, owning 19% of this company that has seen its stock fall in 2013 by nearly 50%. The shares currently trade for 17 cents Canadian. But Dino Titaro, the CEO of Carpathian, is doing pretty well. He has received $2.5 million in total compensation over the last two years, according to Carpathian's most recent proxy filing.
One thing that some of Klarman's gold mining investments have in common is a connection to Thomas Kaplan, a billionaire New York investor who made his fortune in natural gas but has been a big proponent of so-called junior gold miners. Baupost has big stakes in Sunward Resources, which has seen its stock drop by 70% this year to 24 cents Canadian, and NovaGold, where Kaplan is chairman of the board. For many years NovaGold has tried to develop a huge gold mine in an isolated corner of Alaska with Barrick Gold , which would require barging equipment up the Kuskokwim River, navigable only six months of the year. The weather in the area is harsh and so are the environmentalists. In 2006 the company estimated that it would be pulling 700,000 ounces of gold a year out of the ground by 2012, but so far there has been no production. The stock is down 58% this year.
Baupost appears to be sticking with its gold mining investments even though gold miners have performed very poorly for some eight years. Deutsche Bank recently noted in a report that gold miners failed to give investors upside when the price of gold rose to its $1,900 an ounce peak and their stocks produced serious losses that were greater than those posted by gold itself when the price of the yellow metal fell this year.
The one thing that might be cuter than a truckload of baby ducks is a raft of newborn otters.
You can take in such an otter scene right now at a number of places, crowned by Elkhorn Slough near Moss Landing, Grizzly Island Wildlife Area south of Suisun City and Point Lobos State Natural Reserve at Carmel, with a fair chance at several other locations.
In the past 10 days, this year's crop of otters started popping like gumballs out of a vending machine.
In a two-hour tour last week with Elkhorn Slough Safari on a pontoon boat, Joe Mancino counted 13 otter pups and 28 seal pups.
On a kayak trip with naturalist Giancarlo Thomae, he pointed out how the calls and cries of the newborn pups carried across the water and echoed back against the banks. “It sounds like a schoolyard,” he said.
Thomae was preparing to fly to Alaska this weekend for a new job as a naturalist on a cruise ship, but he made sure he first ventured out to see this spring's otter show. “Moss Landing is one of the best places in the world to see otters,” Thomae said.
The annual sea otter count on the coast will take place in the first 10 days of May. Wildlife biologists expect to count about 80 adults, along with the pups and many transient males, at Elkhorn Slough.
In one of the great wildlife success stories, sea otters are on the threshold of being delisted as threatened under the Endangered Species Act. In last May's census, observers counted 3,272 sea otters, according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. If the count exceeds 3,090 for three straight years, otters will be considered for delisting.
Fur traders virtually wiped out sea otters in the 1930s, but they missed killing a few near Bixby Creek at Big Sur. About 50 otters eluded the commercial trappers, and those 50 became Adam and Eve for the crops that followed, including those born this past week.
Prospects for spotting sea otters are best, biologists note in their survey, from Monterey Bay to Cambria. Occasionally you can see them at the northern and southern fringes of this range, and biologists note there is room for population expansion with new colonies along the Bay Area coast.
Here are the five best spots to see otters, plus a bonus site for river otters:
Elkhorn Slough, Moss Landing: This has turned into the must-do trip that has been shared by thousands. I keep going back myself. You can get a lookout perch for free at the Moss Landing Jetty for likely sightings, rent a kayak and paddle into the slough, or take the pontoon boat tour. One of the best spots is on the north side of the mouth of the harbor. Once you are in the vicinity, you don't need to paddle to the otters; they often swim right up. I've seen them come alongside, then pop up, swirl and dive right under my kayak and come up on the other side. You also get to see harbor seals (and their pups right now), sea lions and an array of shorebirds. Contacts: Kayak Connection, (831) 724-5692, www.kayakconnection.com; Monterey Bay Kayaks, (800) 649-5357, www.montereybaykayaks.com; Blue Water Ventures, (831) 345-2417; www.bluewaterventures.org; Elkhorn Slough Safaris, (831) 633-5555; http://elkhornslough.com.
Point Lobos, Carmel: Point Lobos State Natural Reserve is one of the prettiest state parks on the Pacific Coast. You can turn your visit into a treasure hunt by exploring a series of coves to sight sea otters. The Cypress Grove Trail is routed above Headland Cove, Pinnacle Cove and Cypress Cove. I've seen otters there on their backs, paddling along with their favorite rocks for breaking shells and sea urchins on their chests. Whaler's Cove is gorgeous, with occasional otter sightings along the kelp beds. Another strategy is to venture to the other side of the reserve, to China Cove, the Slot, Bluefish Cove and Sand Hill Cove. Contact: Point Lobos State Natural Reserve, (831) 624-4909, www.parks.ca.gov.
Wilder Ranch, Santa Cruz: Wilder Ranch State Park is just north of Santa Cruz off Highway 1 and is known as one of the best parks for mountain biking. From the parking lot, most tour the ranch or continue under the subway to bike the hills. Instead, walk out the Ohlone Bluff Trail. It leads a short distance to the cliffs with dramatic views across the ocean and to beaches and coves directly below. From the bluffs, I've seen otters below in the cove at Sand Point Beach. One time, for as long as I watched, I saw a sea otter sleeping on its back, bobbing around in the cove. Nearby, just south out of Santa Cruz Harbor, you can rent a kayak and often see otters in the vicinity of the inshore reefs and the kelp beds. Contacts: Wilder Ranch State Park, (831) 423-9703; www.parks.ca.gov; Venture Quest, (831) 427-2267, www.kayaksantacruz.com; Kayak Connection, (831) 479-1121, www.kayakconnection.com.
Pillar Point Harbor, Princeton: In their northern range, sea otters become far less populous. But they can still surprise you. From the beach near the boat ramp, I paddled a kayak over to the north jetty (and to Mavericks Beach), and saw sea otters come up and swirl on the surface. The best spot seems to be the better-protected, calmer waters of the western harbor, in the wind shadow of Pillar Point Head. Grebes can provide a sideshow. Contacts: Half Moon Bay Kayak Co., (650) 773-6101, www.hmbkayak.com; Pillar Point Harbor, harbormaster, (650) 726-4382, www.smharbor.com/pillarpoint.
Bolinas Lagoon, Marin: Bolinas County Park is nestled on the western shore of Bolinas Lagoon. You'll find the Bob Stewart Trail, a short walk from Pine Gulch Creek that is routed out toward Pine Creek Point. You get great water views there. Most visitors come for the bird-watching. What happens is that in the process of scanning sectors of water for egrets, herons and migratory shorebirds, a sea otter pokes its head up or cruises upside down along the shore. There are definitely a few resident otters in the area. Contact: Marin County Parks and Open Space, (415) 499-6387, www.marincountyparks.org.
Suisun Marsh/Suisun City (for river otters): The No. 1 site in America to see river otters is at the Suisun Marsh and Grizzly Island Wildlife Area south of Suisun City. As you drive in — that is, about a mile from the Department of Fish and Wildlife entrance station — a small slough will be on your right: This is a great spot to see families of otters playing. As you enter the wildlife area, continue on Grizzly Island Road into the interior of the property. About 3 to 4 miles in, directly to your right, a slough parallels the road. Drive slowly, then stop and get out often and scan the slough, up and down, with binoculars. This stretch of water is a near-sure thing to see river otters. When you try to photograph them, they seem to know it and will often taunt you as though they are playing pop-goes-the-weasel. Contact: Grizzly Island Wildlife Area (707) 425-3828; California Department of Fish and Wildlife; www.wildlife.ca.gov — under conservation, click on “public lands.”
Tom Stienstra is The Chronicle's outdoor writer. His TV film “The Mighty T” will air at 10:30 p.m. Sunday on KRCB, the North Bay PBS station. Email: tstienstra@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @StienstraTom
Press contacts Verónica Huertas Cerdeira Press officer +32 2 281 45 48 +32 470 88 21 99
"I am delighted that the Council has now been able to adopt this Decision. This is an important political message...". Jean Asselborn, President of the Council
The Council adopted a decision establishing provisional measures in the area of international protection for the benefit of Italy and Greece.
This decision establishes a temporary and exceptional relocation mechanism over two years from the frontline member states Italy and Greece to other member states. It will apply to persons in clear need of international protection who have arrived or are arriving on the territory of those member states as from 15 August 2015 until 16 September 2017.
Jean Asselborn, Luxembourg's Minister for Immigration and Asylum and President of the Council said: "I am delighted that the Council has now been able to adopt this Decision. This is an important political message. Indeed, the first relocations of people in need of international protection can start quickly. At the same time, the "hotspots" in Italy and Greece now have the necessary legal basis to start working. Now that the Council is discussing an additional emergency relocation proposal, it is very important to see that the first mechanism is set up and begins to produce its effects".
The representatives of the governments of the member states meeting within the Council agreed by consensus on 20 July on the distribution of 32 256 persons. They also agreed to update the figures by December 2015 with a view to reaching the overall number of 40 000 in accordance with the commitment taken at the European Council on 25-26 June 2015.
The member states participating in the mechanism will receive a lump sum of 6 000 EUR for each relocated person.
The special procedure for the adoption of the decision establishes that the Council will consult the European Parliament. On 9 September the European Parliament adopted its opinion.
Denmark and the United Kingdom are not participating in this decision.
Google just announced yet another major investment in renewable energy. The company says that it has made a $200 million equity investment in an existing wind farm in Oldham County Texas. The Spinning Spur Wind Farm currently produces about 161 MW and uses 70 Siemens turbines to generate enough power for about 60,000 U.S. homes. EDF Renewable Energy, the current owner of the project, will manage the project and will remain the owner alongside Google.
This is one of Google's largest investments in renewable energy yet, though it's trumped by the $280 million the company put into the SolarCity fund in 2011.
EDF itself purchased the wind farm last January from Austin-based Cielo Wind Power for $322 million and finished the project by the end of 2012 in order to qualify for a number of federal incentives that were set to expire on December 31.
As for the company's reason for today's investment, Kojo Ako-Asare, Senior Manager, Corporate Finance at Google writes that the company looks “for projects like Spinning Spur because, in addition to creating more renewable energy and strengthening the local economy, they also make for smart investments: they offer attractive returns relative to the risks and allow us to invest in a broad range of assets.”
“EDF Renewable Energy is pleased to engage with an innovative company like Google on this equity financing,” said Jim Peters, Vice President of Project Finance in a statement today. “The partnership between our companies reflects a departure from sourcing investment capital from traditional financial institutions for our renewable energy projects. This transaction provides an opportunity for a leading renewable energy developer to join forces with a leading technology company to create value for both our companies and our respective customers.”
In total, the eleven renewable energy projects Google has invested in are now capable of generating over 2 gigawatts of power, the company says, enough to power about half a million U.S. homes. Google also stressed that four of its projects hit a number of important milestones in the last year. Here is the company's summary of those:
President Obama (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP) Story Highlights President Obama says income inequality is "the defining challenge of our time"
He again calls for hike in minimum wage, defends health care plan
Speech basically outlines an agenda for the remaining three years of his presidency
WASHINGTON — President Obama sought to revive the issue of growing income equality on Wednesday, saying it restricts economic mobility and threatens to shrink the middle class.
"I believe this is the defining challenge of our time," Obama said in a speech at an event hosted by the Center for American Progress, a pro-Obama think tank. "It drives everything I do in this office."
The growing gap between rich and poor can be closed by actions ranging from an increase in the minimum wage to better education to following through on his health care plan, Obama said.
Basically outlining an agenda for the remaining three years of his presidency — as well as next year's congressional elections — Obama repeated calls for legislation that would strengthen unions, reduce the pay gap between men and women, and make college more affordable.
Obama also again proposed creation of government-assisted "Promise Zones" in urban and rural areas that are struggling.
While Democratic-Republican and liberal-conservative disputes about the economy won't be resolved any time soon, Obama said that "it is important that we have a serious debate about the issues."
Obama gave the speech at a time when his job approval ratings have fallen to around 40%, largely because of problems with the rollout of his health care plan and general anxiety about the direction of the economy.
The president and aides designed the income inequality speech as something of a follow-up to one he delivered two years ago in Osawatomie, Kansas — remarks that previewed his 2012 re-election campaign.
Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, noted that Obama has been president for nearly five years and said his health care plan and new business regulations have kept the economy down.
"The president's economic policies promote government reliance rather than economic mobility," Buck said. "Rather than tackling income inequality by lifting people up, he's been fixated on taxing some down."
The 2014 congressional elections are 11 months away.
During his speech, Obama said that since 1979 — the year he graduated from high school — the size of the American economy has doubled, but the top 10% of people have half the nation's income. Obama said the average CEO now makes 273 times the income of the average worker.
Stagnant incomes for the middle class hurt the ability of Americans to move to better jobs, Obama said. It also breaks down social cohesion as more Americans come to think that the system is rigged against them.
"The combined trends of increased inequality and decreasing mobility pose a fundamental threat to the American Dream, our way of life, and what we stand for around the globe," Obama said.
The 49-minute speech gave the president the opportunity to mount a defense of government activism, ranging from Abraham Lincoln's championing of land grant colleges to the development of Social Security and Medicare.
The modern income gap began growing dramatically in the late 1970s because of several factors, Obama said. Technology and globalization allowed employers to reduce manufacturing jobs, or move them offshore.
Politically, Obama cited "a trickle-down ideology" that reduced the power of unions, and led to tax cuts "for the wealthiest, while investments in things that make us all richer, like schools and infrastructure, were allowed to wither."
Obama also disputed the notion that income inequality and related problems affect mostly African Americans and Hispanics, saying these issues cut across socioeconomic lines. "The opportunity gap in America is now as much about class as it is about race," Obama said, "and that gap is growing."
Reducing inequality should help all Americans, Obama said. "We need to dispel the myth that the goals of growing the economy and reducing inequality are necessarily in conflict."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cX1lfM
iBooks Author has gotten off to a rocky start today. The license agreement for it states that all books created within Apple's new textbook authoring software can only be sold via the Apple. Specifically,
If you charge a fee for any book or other work you generate using this software (a “Work”), you may only sell or distribute such Work through Apple (e.g., through the iBookstore)…
It is understandable that this restriction would rub some people the wrong way. Apple has created a pretty amazing tool, that may revolutionize the education of children, and then shackled it to their platform. But, I don't think this should come as a surprise to anyone. It is exactly what they do with apps. When I sit down and create an app in Xcode for the iPhone there is a single legal avenue by which I can then make it available to the world, the App Store. Apple has built up an immense developer support infrastructure around the App Store, I imagine paid for by the revenues they get from app sales. This basic premise has become part-and-parcel of what software creation in the mobile space looks like. If Apple didn't seek to inject themselves into the commerce of app sales what incentive would they have to enhance and refine the eco-system?
The real story here today shouldn't be that Apple has ‘audaciously' claimed ownership of the books make with iBooks Author but that they have created an avenue for non-commercial distribution that would exclude them entirely. That is actually unprecedented.
If I create a textbook using iBooks Author and then decide to made it freely available to the world (à la Khan Academy) I can do that without any restriction. Simple click ‘Export' within iBook Author and the resulting file can be distributed by any means I choose and then loaded in iBooks. The mind boggles at what things may come out of this.
All Apple is doing with this restriction is saying that if you directly profit from this free tool and platform that we have created, then we deserve our cut. Which seems entirely fair to me.
Story highlights For 40 years, Edi Guyton suffered from debilitating depression
She volunteered to have electrodes implanted into her brain
Dr. Helen Mayberg pioneered research to use "deep brain stimulation" on depression
She is now hoping for FDA approval for the method
The first time Edi Guyton tried to commit suicide, she was 19 years old, wracked with depression and unable to deal with the social and academic pressure of college.
Even as a little girl, Guyton never seemed happy. Her mother had encouraged her to smile, but she didn't see any reason to. In her mind, everyone who smiled was "faking it."
She often thought about taking her own life, and one night in her college dorm, Guyton's dark thoughts gave way to action. With a razor blade, Guyton cut one wrist, then the other.
"I think I wanted it to get better or I wanted to die," she said. "The point was that everything was so bad, I wanted people to know that it was controlling me."
Her depression controlled her life for the next 40 years -- until she decided to volunteer for an experimental treatment. A neurosurgeon would drill two holes in Guyton's skull and implant a pair of battery-powered electrodes deep inside her brain.
Edi Guyton lived with debilitating depression for 40 years before experimental brain surgery.
The procedure -- called deep brain stimulation, or DBS -- targets a small brain structure known as Area 25, the "ringleader" for the brain circuits that control our moods, according to neurologist Dr. Helen Mayberg.
Mayberg's groundbreaking research on this part of the brain showed that Area 25 is relatively overactive in depressed patients. So, Mayberg hypothesized that in patients who do not improve with other treatments, Area 25 was somehow stuck in overdrive.
Mayberg published the results of her brain scan studies in 1999, the same year Edi Guyton attempted suicide again -- this time an overdose of prescription meds that were supposed to ease her depression.
"It's not that you won't be happy or that you aren't happy; it's that you can't be happy," Guyton said.
The first patients
Four years after publishing her research, Mayberg was ready to try what had never before been done: applying deep brain stimulation to Area 25.
DBS had been used since 1997 as a treatment for movement disorders, including essential tremor, Parkinson's disease and dystonia. Mayberg theorized the low voltage current from DBS could also help severely depressed patients.
Area 25 is the junction of all brain circuits that control our moods, according to neurologist Dr. Helen Mayberg.
Her first surgical experiment in 2003, in collaboration with neurosurgeon Dr. Andres Lozano at Toronto Western Hospital in Canada, was more about testing for safety than actually treating the patients.
"For all we knew, we were going to activate [the circuits] and actually make people feel worse," Mayberg explained.
The six patients who volunteered for the procedure had all tried and failed conventional treatments. Some had attempted or considered suicide.
"We had patients who were profoundly without any options and suffering," she said.
All six were lightly sedated when the holes were drilled and the electrodes implanted, but they were awake to describe what they experienced. Several patients reported profound changes just minutes after the stimulator was turned on. One said the room suddenly seemed brighter and colors were more intense. Another described heightened feelings of connectedness and a disappearance of the void.
The patients' descriptions during the procedure went far beyond anything the doctors expected.
One patient spontaneously talked about the first crocus blooms in early spring. Mayberg wondered if the procedure had triggered a hallucination or perhaps the electrode had touched a memory circuit. The patient explained it's the feeling of looking forward to something new and rejuvenating.
Mayberg says she struggled to remain a dispassionate scientist, but her empathy for the desperate patients who were, in effect, collaborators in the experiment got the best of her.
"I did a lot of crying," she said.
After six months of stimulation, four of the six the patients were significantly better. Mayberg has since reported similar results for 31 other patients.
Mayberg and Lozano published the results of that first DBS experiment in 2005, the same year Edi Guyton's depression subverted her career.
'I felt nothing'
For years, Guyton had thought she could outrun her despair by working hard. She had earned her Ph.D. while raising two daughters, landing a tenured position as a professor, earning accolades and awards for her teaching and research, and ultimately becoming chair of Georgia State University's early childhood education department. She said she got there by "faking it."
"I was the great pretender," Guyton said.
JUST WATCHED Can a computer diagnose, treat cancer? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can a computer diagnose, treat cancer? 02:50
JUST WATCHED Art inspires brain injury survivors Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Art inspires brain injury survivors 02:35
JUST WATCHED Coffee may lower risk of depression Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Coffee may lower risk of depression 03:22
Then, after 22 years working at GSU, she told her boss and colleagues about her struggle with depression and retired from the job she loved. Still not fully grasping the nature of her illness, she blamed herself.
"After all, what do I have to be depressed about?" she thought.
She tried a variety of treatments, including talk therapy and psychiatric medicines, but nothing worked.
For the next several years, nine sessions of electroconvulsive therapy kept her stable. "I didn't like it, but it worked," she said. "But then I went back down. And I went back down very deep."
With the support of her husband, Guyton managed to stay in the fight. She inquired about the experimental DBS procedure being offered by Dr. Helen Mayberg and her colleague, psychiatrist Paul Holtzheimer, at Emory University in Atlanta.
Mayberg remembers the first time she saw Edi Guyton. Her slow movements were "like being in a muck," an obvious sign of severe depression, she said. "You could pick her out of a line up."
Seventeen patients out of more than 1,000 who had inquired were ultimately selected for the experiment. Ten of them, including Guyton, had major depressive disorder and the seven others had depression as a result of bipolar disorder.
The doctors warned them all that the procedure carried the risks of any other brain surgery, including brain damage and death, and no guarantee the depression would lift. Guyton signed the consent form, feeling that she had little to lose.
"It was that bad," she said.
She could not even bond with her family. The most vivid example was visiting her baby grand-niece. Guyton could barely go through the motions.
"Somebody handed her to me and I held her, but I didn't even put her face to mine," Guyton said. "I just held her because I thought, 'This is what a great-aunt does. She holds the child. She admires the child. And then, thank God, she gives the child back.' And I felt nothing. Nothing."
A new lease on life
On February 23, 2007, Guyton rolled into a surgical suite, propelled by a sweet and sour mixture of hope and hopelessness. Her head was mounted in a rigid frame as the doctors studied computer-enhanced images of her brain.
Dr. Robert Gross, the neurosurgeon, began drilling the holes in her skull.
Edi clenched her teeth. "The tears came," she says. "The sound of the drill, the feeling of it: Not painful, just like somebody's touching you. That was, I think, what kind of woke me up and said this is your brain that is being drilled into. Somebody is going into your brain."
The two holes allowed Gross to insert hollow tubes called cannulas, which created a pathway for the DBS electrodes -- one on each side of the brain. The electrodes are 1.27 millimeters in diameter, "about the thickness of angel hair pasta," Gross explained.
As they position the electrodes, the doctors are able to monitor the sound of neurons firing. The gray matter makes a raspy sound. The white matter is silent. And that's where the sweet spot seems to be: the white matter slightly below Area 25.
Each electrode has four contacts. Each contact can be independently controlled, on or off, with various levels of electricity. Typically, the doctors apply about a thousandth of the power that's used in a flashlight bulb. At the target, it stimulates approximately 1 cubic centimeter of brain tissue, "about the size of a pea," according to Gross.
Finding which contact works best is done through trial and error as the patient describes what feels best. As a benchmark, the doctors asked Guyton to rate her feelings of dread on a scale of 1 to 10.
"Eight," she reported.
Two minutes later, with contact No. 1 on, Guyton said, "Three."
But doctors would get an ever better result with contact No. 2.
Shortly after the second contact was turned on, Guyton quietly announced, "I almost smiled." Then she chuckled.
Dr. Holtzheimer asked, "Did something strike you as funny? Or was it just sort of spontaneous?"
"I was thinking about playing with [grand-niece] Susan," Guyton replied. "That was when I almost smiled. But when I laughed, that was because I almost smiled."
She had imagined holding the child and looking into her face. "I felt feelings that I thought were gone," she would later say.
How did it feel to have a machine and electricity transform her emotions?
"It felt fantastic," she said. "I didn't care what was doing it!"
To determine whether the surgery was truly effective or if the patients felt better simply because they believed in the treatment, the doctors told the patients that some of the battery packs powering the electrodes inside their brains would be turned off, while others would be left on, to measure any placebo effect.
Guyton's power pack was turned off, and her depression quickly returned. With the stimulator back on, she improved.
Based on her scores in February from a widely used psychological test called the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, Guyton's mental illness is in remission. Her ups and downs are the same that any healthy person would experience -- as long as the battery in the stimulator implanted under her collarbone remains charged.
Five years after the surgery, Edi Guyton is one of Mayberg's most dramatic success stories. She volunteers with a mental health advocacy group, she's active with a church and she's in a writer's club. And last fall she toured Italy with college friends who knew her from the days she had put a razor to her wrists.
To be sure, Guyton still has some bad days. "I don't feel good all the time," she admitted, and she sometimes worries that a bad spell could be lurking on the horizon. "But this gives me the capacity that if I can, if there is joy in my life, I have the capacity to feel it."
Next steps
As much as Mayberg's experiments showcase how far brain science has advanced, there is still much more to learn. In fact, more than 10 years after her pioneering studies on Area 25, Mayberg is still trying to answer basic questions about the experimental treatment she conceived. Does the electricity from DBS activate neurons near Area 25 or inhibit them? Is DBS flipping a switch or knocking down a wall?
"To be brutally honest, we have no idea how this works," Mayberg said.
Mayberg is the co-holder of a patent for the procedure, which has been licensed to St. Jude Medical, Inc., a company that manufactures and sells DBS equipment. St. Jude is hoping to win Food and Drug Administration approval for commercial use of DBS for treatment-resistant depression.
The FDA awarded limited approval in 2009 to Medtronic, Inc., to use DBS on a different part of the brain for intractable obsessive compulsive disorder. Medtronic is funding a study to determine if that part of the brain, the ventral capsule/ventral striatum, could also be a viable target for depression.
In the meantime, Mayberg still hopes to answer why DBS helps some patients but not others. After all, if Area 25 is the "ringleader," why doesn't everyone improve? Mayberg simply does not know.
"We've got to understand the biology better," she says. "So until we're actually hitting 90% or really effectively helping everybody, we've got our work cut out for us."
This story is part of a special series that explores energy issues. For more, visit The Great Energy Challenge.
Cuxhaven, a small city on Germany's blustery North Sea coast, has ample supplies of fish and wind. A new project is exploring how these two abundant resources can work together to solve some of the problems that have bedeviled Germany's renewable energy drive.
In short, Germany's electric grid operators need a place to store all that wind power. And in Cuxhaven, they think they've found an answer -- in frozen fish.
One of renewable energy's most vexing issues is the sheer variability of wind and solar power. It's a headache for managers of the power system, whose customers need a steady, predictable stream of electricity. Germany is feeling the pain as a leader in alternative power, with 7 percent of its electricity from wind energy -- one of the highest rates in the world.
“Sometimes there's a high feed-in of wind power, and at other moments, renewables can only take a small part,” says Wolfram Krause, a researcher at Germany's EWE power company and manager of Cuxhaven's 20 million euro ($27 million) eTelligence pilot project, half of which is funded by the German government. “We need to damp out fluctuations of wind power,” he says, “and this is what cold storage can do.”
Deep Power Freeze
In a 5.5-million cubic foot (155,742 cubic meter) warehouse at the mouth of the Elbe River, Cuxhaven's Erwin GOOSS warehouse unloads and stores the catch from fishing boats sailing in the North Sea. Ordinarily, the warehouse needs to be kept at a chilly -4 F (-20 C). But the temperature inside can be pushed as low as -22 F (-30 C) when local windmills are spinning. The deep freeze gives the warehouse breathing room at times when the wind -- and the power -- dies down. Then, if allowed to warm slowly, the facility still will stay cold enough for the frozen fish. “It's not that we're using less power, it's just that we're using it when it's cheaper,” GOOSS technical director Gunter Krins says.
In the summer, the well-insulated warehouse warms about 2 degrees F (1.1 degrees C) every 24 hours when the cooling is turned off. In the winter, the building warms at about half that rate. Depending on the season, that means the shelves stacked with frozen fish can “store” energy equivalent to a week's worth of refrigeration.
Krins' warehouse isn't alone. The pilot project, launched in November 2008, aims to connect all types of power users and electricity providers over the Internet. Hundreds of smart meters that monitor energy usage multiple times per second and transmit the information to an iPod touch have been distributed to local homes.
Major power consumers like the local wastewater treatment facility and the local pool are getting in on the act--adjusting how much electricity they use depending on how hard the wind is blowing. A sophisticated communications network lets people know when power is cheap and when to conserve. “We've built a measurement and information control infrastructure that can suck up all this data and give it to all the actors,” Krause says.
Curbing Wind Waste
The hope is that projects like eTelligence will help Germany curb a costly kind of energy waste. By law, German renewable energy producers are guaranteed a certain price for wind and solar power. That has helped Germany create a thriving renewable energy industry, but meshing it into a system accustomed to steady power -- like that from coal power plants -- has been a challenge. “Right now, we're switching off wind farms if we have too much power in our grid,” says Oliver Weinmann, innovation manager for power company Vattenfall. That essentially means that consumers, through their utility bills, are paying wind farms not to produce energy. “It's not a very good situation,” Weinmann says. “We have to find a solution to integrate all this wind power in our grid.”
Local efforts like eTelligence are catching on. Initially, Krause says, Cuxhaven's fish warehouse owners were skeptical. But when it became clear that there was money involved -- cooling primarily during hours of peak wind production will be cheaper than just drawing electricity at all hours -- the proposal became a lot more appealing.
The oldest memory I have is of catching a baseball. Coming from a sports fan, this may sound like treacly, lump-in-your-throat stuff, but it's true. I was three years old. My father was mowing one side of our front lawn, I was standing in the other, and I underhanded a pop fly into the air. It hung up there forever and I got dizzy trying to follow it. When the ball smacked into my hands, I had no idea how I'd caught it.
Thirty-seven years later, I'm sitting on a suede easy chair recreating that moment in MLB 13 The Show. Not necessarily in a good way, either. Don't get me wrong, The Show's latest release still places it in the top echelon of sports gaming. But its improvements are mostly subtle, which is to be expected of an annual sports release near the end of a console life cycle, especially one made by a company that just announced the next piece of hardware. Some of its more overt changes are head-scratching, if not off-putting.
Let's start with Road to the Show, a very popular career mode that indulges your superstar fantasy, and a bulletproof feature every year since its introduction. MLB 13 The Show introduces a new camera perspective for both hitting and fielding, but I'm not sure what it adds to the experience. If you hit or catch a lot of fly balls, prepare to spend a lot of time staring up.
In fielding, you're now following the flight of a fly ball, visually, as you respond to an onscreen icon telling you where to move your player. For high pop flies, even to the warning track, there's almost no way where to judge where you are in the field—that's why there's a warning track, after all, the crunch of clay under your cleats lets you know, hey, you're close to the wall. Not that single-player fielding was a breeze in MLB 12 The Show—taking good routes to corral a shot in the gap is a little easier in MLB 13 thanks to the new onscreen indicator. But in Road to the Show, the new fielding view makes a high fly ball—especially one in which you have to range back—an adventure. This, plus the continued lack of a fielding minigame to acclimate yourself to these responsibilities—your only means of learning is to go out there in a live performance—means your debut month is going to be filled with needless mistakes that a professional ballplayer, of any caliber, simply wouldn't make.
In batting, you will also follow the flight of the ball, with it centered on your screen (unless you hold a shoulder button to keep your eyes on a base coach). Longtime fans know why a ballclub's comp seats are directly behind home plate—they offer the poorest perspective on the flight of the ball. In Denver I'd go to Rockies games and laugh at the minivan crowd from Douglas County sitting behind home, shouting at anything hit in the air. In The Show, I've hit towering flies that I thought for sure were over a fielder's head, only to see one trotting in to pull it down. I've chopped them to the opposite field, expecting to be caught out, and seen the ball sail into the corner or even over the fence—which has its own consequence as effective baserunning always requires thinking a step ahead.
Advertisement
WHY: When the history of the PS3 is written, MLB The Show will be recognized as the console's most consistently excellent title.
MLB 13 The Show
Developer: San Diego Studio
Platforms: PS3, PS Vita (reviewed on PS3)
Release Date: March 5
Advertisement
Type of game: Sports simulation.
What I played: Two rookie campaigns in Road to the Show (pitcher and hitter) and an entire postseason. Four games played online day of release.
My Two Favorite Things
Hitting is easier, which reduces stress offline, and makes online play much more enjoyable.
Just a beautiful game, richly illustrating one of the best sports fantasies money can buy.
Advertisement
My Two Least-Favorite Things
Some changes to Road to the Show presentation seem needless and invasive.
Despite a new "Beginner" mode, you're still on your own learning essential acts like baserunning (team) and fielding (Road to the Show).
Advertisement
Made-to-Order Back-of-Box Quotes
"Still the finest in the field."
-Owen Good, Kotaku.com
-Owen Good, Kotaku.com "Brings back the terror of tracking down a towering fly ball in Little League."
-Owen Good.
-Owen Good. "This is a game for all America. A game for boys and for men."
-Ernie Harwell.
The new camera view is a mandate of a more personalized focus in Road to the Show, not that last year's was, really, wanting for intimacy. Before the game, the commentary booth will remark specifically on your career, the milestones you reach, and the expectations set before you. (If you miss a promotion to AAA or the majors, they'll bring it up.) RTTS, which for many is the only mode they will play in the game (it is for me), removes the player from the broadcast presentation and depicts him more in the mode of playing the game. In some areas, the execution is fantastic. Your base coach yells situation-specific instructions at you. Infield chatter is authentic to the ball-strike count and number of outs. It's more than window-dressing, it's actionable information.
Advertisement
During a game in MLB 13's Road to the Show, however, the regular broadcast audio is gone. You only hear commentary after the end of a meaningful play. Yes, I know real baseball players don't hear what the guys in the booth are saying as they play. But every 12-year-old who fantasizes about hitting a game winning home run also mimics the radio call as he does so. The inclusion of TV audio—or a camera view of your hit—doesn't shatter immersion. What does is the distracting whoosh noise you get as you either enter or leave your player's head to hear on-field sounds or a deliberately tinny broadcast commentary. In many cases, the audio doesn't kick in soon enough, and is cut off mid-sentence when you return to play. It even slows the game down relative to MLB 12 The Show's RTTS.
If you're a veteran player 10 seasons into an RTTS career under MLB 12 The Show, you already know how to hit in this game, and probably won't feel much of an urge to start all over again in MLB 13 on Day One. That's for a single mode of play, however, and my disappointments in The Show are almost entirely limited to it. There still is palpable improvement in two critical areas elsewhere in the game: Its online play, and in hitting.
Online play has long been a bugaboo for The Show, especially for a game so dependent on timing (or defeating it, as a pitcher). In the online games played I played opening night, I've never had the feeling that my hitting was thrown off by input lag. I doubt The Show rewrote its codebase and hit it perfectly on the first try; it's more likely that opening the hitting window—the time in which you can make effective contact on the ball—helped move online play into a more enjoyable state. The flipside is, playing casually, you're going to see a lot of slugfests. While shooting the bull with a friend, we traded eight-run innings. That said, the huge totals were totally the fault of my lack of attention. The home runs I hit (or surrendered) came in authentic situations, and swinging for the fences on every pitch with Jason Heyward still got me five strikeouts with him in a game.
Advertisement
In offline play, experienced Show players may find themselves bumping hitting difficulty up to All-Star or higher soon into their Franchise or RTTS careers. Hits are very easy to come by at lower difficulties, but that's fine with me. In past iterations of The Show, I played a lot of station-to-station baseball, grateful for any hit or one-run advantage. The opening of the hitting timing window means you don't have to approach every situation with a man on base like it's your last. You can stand in there, be selective, and wait for the pitch you prefer to hit.
There's a new fielding system as well, something called "Button Accuracy" which combines a throwing meter (for accuracy of the throw) with how hard you jam on the button of the base you're going to. It takes some getting used to, and in my first few games I was pulling a lot of guys off the bag with what should be routine throws. Still, Button Accuracy does make the business of scooping out ground balls and turning double plays into more of a deterministic exercise than past versions of The Show (or other baseball games, in general.) It gives worthy attention to fielding, the second-most unloved phase of the game (next to baserunning). But if you don't prefer it, The Show lets you employ older control methods.
That is, somewhat secretly, the greatest strength to this series: The endless customization of the controls and the means that offers to challenge your true strengths (mine is pitching) while minimizing your weaknesses (fielding and baserunning). No other game offers this level of assistance without making you feel like you're cheating or ignoring a critical phase of play. To this, Sony's San Diego Studio added a "Beginner Mode" that I've already sampled, and anyone with more than a year's history on The Show won't need to spend much time with it. It's not so much a tutorial as it is a difficulty (or lack thereof) setting, applicable to any game mode. It only trains you up in pitching and hitting however; this is a game that could seriously use instruction in baserunning and fielding, acts that are taken for granted but mystifying to a newcomer once the ball is in play.
Advertisement
As always, MLB The Show is one of the most beautiful video games—sports or otherwise—period. NBA 2K is a close rival in the genre, but even it has quirks—in the way tank-top jerseys hang, for example—and is a sport played inside an enclosed arena. The Show presents a game principally in outdoor lighting with impeccable quality throughout. There isn't a flat or unnaturally low-contrast surface on any part of the screen, even during a night game. The crowd, one of the atmospheric features everyone loves to bring up when discussing next generation hardware, is alive, interesting and distinct. You really see it in the game's postseason presentation, which you can jump to in a new tournament mode without having to wade or sim through an entire Franchise season. When I ponder how the next console generation could possibly make a game's graphics more stunning, MLB 13 The Show on the PlayStation 3 is the first thing I think of, because Christ almighty, no other sports video game, every year, is this good looking.
Yes, a lot of MLB 13 The Show's quality is banked on the excellence that preceded it. It's no bold leap forward, which should be expected as we come to the close of this console generation. Its peers in the sports genre—FIFA, NHL and NBA 2K—likewise took few risks in their most recent releases. These are the supermodels of sports video gaming: visually stunning, impeccably manicured, desired by the public and envied by their peers, and if they have recognizable flaws or grating annoyances, they're overwhelmed by beauty and sophistication.
Advertisement
But I'm struck by how I can still fall in love every year with a game so dependent on such repetitive acts spread out over a 162-game season. I will always, always love watching the cleanup hitter pivot slightly, check his swing, and see my 1-2 slider drift across the plate like an extinction-level asteroid in a near-earth trajectory. Every sports video game has its moments. In MLB The Show, they are memories.
Those who think the growing popularity of highly-partisan opinion shows is tearing the United States apart now have some empiric evidence on their side.
Research published in the September issue of Political Research Quarterly has found pundits on political opinion shows influence attitudes toward presidential candidates — and in a way that is entirely negative.
“An increasing number of Americans engage in selective exposure to ideologically consistent news sources. This fact has caused some scholars and pundits to worry that partisan news sources such as Fox News are making their audiences more polarized,” Glen Smith of the University of North Georgia and Kathleen Searles of Augusta State University wrote in their study.
The researchers found Fox News viewers became more favorable of McCain and less favorable of Obama over the course of the 2008 presidential election. Both Fox's news programs and opinion shows made viewers more favorable of McCain and less favorable of Obama, but the effect was stronger for those who watched the opinion shows. The study also found MSNBC's opinion shows had the converse effect, viewers became more favorable of Obama and less favorable of McCain.
Opinion shows on both news networks adopted an “attack mentality” during the 2008 election season. Pundits on MSNBC and Fox News attacked the candidate they disagreed with far more often than they voiced support for the candidate they agreed with.
This tendency to attack the opposition influenced how viewers perceived the candidates. Watching Fox News opinion shows made viewers more likely to think Obama was extremely liberal. Conversely, watching MSNBC opinion shows made viewers more likely to think McCain was extremely conservative.
But watching Fox News opinion shows had little impact on how viewers perceived McCain's ideology, and watching MSNBC opinion shows had little impact on how viewers perceived Obama's ideology.
The study suggests that “viewers'' attitudes are shaped predominantly by vitriolic coverage of the opposition,” Smith and Searles wrote. “Rather than viewers consuming news from a source that confirms their support for their in-party candidate, viewers are consuming news from a source that seems to confirm their distaste for the opposition. The result is not only more polarized partisans but also partisans who are polarized because they hate the other side rather than because they are card-carrying supporters of their side.”
The findings have worrisome implications for American politics.
“If a large segment of the base of either party believes the president is ideologically extreme, they are likely to attach that extreme label to any policies the president supports,” the researchers wrote in their study. “Perhaps the rise of partisan news outlets, and consequently the increasing influence of opinion show hosts on the right and left, has contributed to polarization of the two political parties.”
Image caption The row centres around how fast data is travelling across European ISPs
European regulators have raided the offices of three internet service providers over accusations they have "throttled" the speed at which they deliver data.
European Commission competition officials visited Deutsche Telekom, Orange and Telefonica's head offices.
The raids were part of a probe into alleged uncompetitive market practices by the three firms.
The probe was kicked off by complaints made by US net firm Cogent.
It claims that the three ISPs are holding back net traffic from Cogent so their own data arrived more quickly.
Cogent acts as a network middleman and delivers traffic to many European ISPs on behalf of net companies such as YouTube. The "throttling" made Cogent's services appear to be slower than those being run by the European ISPs, it said.
The Commission confirmed to Reuters that it carried out the raids but declined to name which firms were targeted. Separate inquiries by Reuters established which firms had been hit.
Orange and Telefonica said they were co-operating fully with the investigation. Deutsche Telekom declined to comment.
French telecoms regulators have already ruled on one dispute between Cogent and Orange in which the US net firm claimed it was being charged too much for the traffic it was passing to Orange's network.
The French regulator sided with Orange and said it was within its rights to ask for more money from Cogent given how much data it was passing on. Cogent has appealed against the decision.
Since launching in 2011, SigFig has aimed to make it simpler and more efficient for everyday investors to manage their portfolios. Initially the company built an investment Wiki, then it evolved to offer data-driven investment advice centered around minimizing fees, management expenses, and risk adjusted returns. Today, the company is taking a cue from its clients and automating the portfolio management process.
SigFig's new service enables consumers to identify their personal risk tolerance and then develop a balanced portfolio based on these needs. The company then programmatically rebalances the portfolio on an as-needed basis going forward to adjust for changing market conditions. SigFig invests primarily in low-cost ETFs (exchange traded funds), which allows the company to minimize trading commissions and keep the monthly fee remarkably low.
How low? Ten dollars per month, or the price of about two gourmet lattes.
SigFig doesn't require its users to transfer assets from their current brokerage accounts into its custodianship. Rather, the company has formed partnerships with several of the largest brokerage firms, including TD Ameritrade, Fidelity, and Schwab, and invites its clients to connect their existing accounts to SigFig for remote management. The setup process is fully electronic – a rarity in this maddeningly fax-driven industry – and takes less than one minute, founder and CEO Mike Sha promises.
Currently, the majority of SigFig user portfolios are mis-managed, according to Sha. One in eight users hold more than $10,000 in cash in their portfolios, he notes. Half of all users hold six or fewer stocks, meaning they're poorly diversified, and the same number hold no bonds, making them overly exposed to risk. Worst of all, one in five investors have not touched their portfolios in over a year, meaning that, even if they were balanced at the start, they are likely anything but today.
“What people buy and what's good for them is rarely the same thing,” Sha says. “Fees and returns are inversely correlated. Fees are the long term bad egg in every portfolio.”
Prudent investment advice and ongoing service is something that has been available only to the wealthiest investors previously, those who could attract private wealth managers. SigFig estimates that the average asset management customer is paying $7,300 per year in total fees for this service, more than 80 percent of which it believes it can eliminate.
The company is making its automated portfolio management service available to any user, regardless of the value of their investment assets. Users holding under $10,000 get access to the platform for free, the rest pay the flat $10 per month whether they have $11,000 or $11 million under management.
This is an entirely new asset management model, both in terms of its functionality and its cost structure. Because it's so new, there are a number of unanswered questions. First, it is unknown how the average individual investor will feel about relying on computer algorithms to manage their money. It requires a real leap of faith. Given this, it's unclear how many paying users the company can attract. And because the company charges per user, and not per dollar under management, it's this total paid user figure that will determine its success or failure.
SigFig needs 83,334 users to generate $10 million in fee-based revenue. Move the decimal point in either direction to arrive at your projection of choice. Sha believes that this model has the potential to serve millions of paying customers. For every million paying customers, SigFig will generate $120 million in revenue, under the current model.
The company has raised a total of $17.5 million across two rounds of funding – the former under its prior name, Wikinvest – from backers including Union Square Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures, and DCM. This will mark its first significant monetization effort, with earlier revenue coming through referral fees when a client switched to a new brokerage firm recommended by SigFig and through advertising revenue shares with its publisher partners.
SigFig's current investment tools, which it licenses to publisher partners like CNN, USA Today, and Yahoo Finance, have attracted more than $100 billion in assets being tracked on the platform. The company doesn't disclose the number of individual users making up this total, but if the average assets under management were $100,000, then the company would have 1 million users. Estimate accordingly. If the company could convert 10 percent of these hypothetical users accounts into paying users – an above average conversion rate for freemium services – it would have its $10 million in annual revenue.
SigFig will be competing against the giants of the Wall Street and Main Street asset management universe. But more importantly, it will be competing against the inertia of the do-nothing status quo. The reality is that SigFig appears to have created a solution that is both simple and low cost enough that it is likely investors will keep their accounts on auto-renew alongside their magazine subscriptions and wine of the month club – that is assuming it delivers a reasonable level of return on investment (ROI) relative to market averages. The big challenge will be getting them over the initial trust-based hurdle to try the platform out in the first place.
SigFig Chief Investment Officer, Terry Banet has 25 years of experience in the traditional asset management world, including as the CIO for the Fiduciary Asset Management business at JP Morgan. According to Banet, both clients and asset managers are growing weary with the status quo, which largely revolves around fee chasing.
“Personally, I had had enough and wanted to find an asset management model with simplicity and less complexity,” Banet says. “Ask anyone on Wall St. and they'll likely tell you, ‘It's not like what it used to be.'”
Banet is as confident as anyone that SigFig can build a massive business by offering set-it-and-forget-it portfolio management. “The market is big enough for both the ‘personal touch' and ‘automated, self-directed' asset management models, but the market is trending toward the latter,” she says.
If Banet and Sha have read the signs correctly, SigFig has skated to where the proverbial puck will be in the near future. The pair is now poised to take their best shot on goal.
Not to be overshadowed by the likes of Samsung and LG at IFA 2017, Lenovo just announced a wide range of compelling devices across multiple product lines. The company is introducing three new computers, a Windows Mixed Reality headset, a smart speaker and even an augmented reality Star Wars experience, complete with an AR headset, a lightsaber controller and a tracking beacon. It's easily one of the most intriguing product lineups we've seen at the event so far, and you can read more about it below.
Lenovo Explorer
Image Source: Lenovo
Microsoft is going all in on mixed reality this fall, and Lenovo is coming along for the ride. At IFA 2017 on Thursday, Lenovo revealed the Lenovo Explorer headset for Windows Mixed Reality — an affordable head-mounted display that will be compatible with a wide range of PCs, will track users in an area of up to 3.5 x 3.5 meters (without an external sensor) and will serve as both a productivity and an entertainment tool. Lenovo will launch the Explorer headset around the world this October for $349, and a bundle with the Motion Controllers will cost $449. If you're looking for a cheap way to get into VR, keep this product in mind.
Lenovo Home Assistant Pack
Image Source: Lenovo
Not to be outdone by Amazon, Google and Apple, Lenovo introduced its own smart speaker on Thursday. Unlike the Echo or the Google Home, the Home Assistant turns any of Lenovo's Tab 4 tablets — Tab 4 8, Tab 4 10, Tab 4 8 Plus and Tab 4 10 Plus — into a voice activated assistant with a display. Once the Alexa-powered device is attached to your tablet and you've installed the Home Assistant app, you can use your voice to get the news, check the weather or play music. With its three-watt speaker, the Home Assistant will turn your Tab 4 into a decent sound system as well. The Home Assistant Pack will be available in October, starting at $69.99.
Lenovo Yoga 920
Image Source: Lenovo
If you're looking for Lenovo's bread and butter, you've come to the right place. The Yoga 920 is Lenovo's new flagship consumer 2-in-1, featuring Intel's 8th generation quad-core i7 processor, a nearly bezel-less 13.9-inch 4K IPS touchscreen display, Cortana support (and far-field microphones) and pen capability. With its watchband hinge, it can easily flip from tablet to laptop as well. Pricing starts at $1329.99.
Lenovo Yoga 720 (12″)
Image Source: Lenovo
An even more compact version of Lenovo's affordable 2-in-1, the 12-inch Yoga 720 features a 7th generation Intel Core processor, up to 8GB of RAM, up to 512GB of SSD storage, Full HD touchscreen display and runs on Windows 10. It also supports a pen and has a fingerprint sensor. Lenovo says it starts at just $649.99.
Lenovo Miix 520
Image Source: Lenovo
Up next is the Miix 520, which is more of a tablet with a detachable keyboard. The latest in the Miix line, the Miix 520 features an 8th generation Intel i5 processor, 12.2-inch Full HD touchscreen display, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD and includes a keyboard and pen standard in the box. With the WorldView camera, you can capture images of object in the real world and edit them in 3D on the Miix 520. Along with virtually everything else on this list, Lenovo plans to launch the Miix 520 in October, starting at $999.99.
Star Wars: Jedi Challenges
Image Source: Lenovo
Last (but certainly not least), we have the Star Wars: Jedi Challenges experience.
Easily the most surprising of Lenovo's announcements, Star Wars: Jedi Challenges is a package that includes the smartphone-powered Lenovo Mirage AR headset, a lightsaber controller and a tracking beacon.
Once the player slides their phone into the headset, the lightsaber will pair with the headset and the player will be able to use it as a controller and a pointer to navigate the UI of the app and interact with the games, which includes lightsaber battles and Holochess. Jedi Challenges will be available this holiday season for $199 in the US at Best Buy and Lenovo's website.
Demonstrators, including supporters of the group Anonymous, march in a protest against corrupt governments and corporations in front of the White House. - SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images
An online “doxxing” by an infamous hacktivist group appears to have mistakenly identified various government officials, along with a family-owned insurance company in Massachusetts, as members of the KKK.
Anonymous posted a video documenting its hack on the KKK on a blog titled "#IntelGroup" on November 1. In the video, a computerized voice intones:
Greetings citizens of the world.
We are Anonymous.
Today we have shut down servers, gotten personal information on members of the KKK, and infiltrated your twitters and websites. And this is just the beginning. On November the 4th we will be having a twitter storm, spreading awareness about the operation. And on the 5th we shall release more than 1000 Ku Klux Klan members Names and websites, new and old.
But some members of Anonymous didn't wait that long. Three files were uploaded to the document dumping site Pastebin and tweeted out on November 1 at 1:14 PM:
These documents named multiple government officials who have vehemently denied any association with the KKK, including an openly gay mayor and another mayor who cited her interracial family and past work with Cesar Chavez as just a few reasons why the accusation was "false and defamatory."
The Twitter account that publicized the documents, which is associated with Anonymous, has since backpedaled on them, referring to the government officials as "clearly not KKK."
A lesser-known name that was "unveiled" in the documents is Kon Tan, a Cambodian immigrant who owns an insurance agency in Lowell, Massachusetts. The insurance agency's phone number was released in the third document, and Tan's son Steven says that ever since opening shop this morning, the calls have not let up. This being their first business day since the documents were released, the Tans have received hundreds and hundreds of calls (according to Steven) that have been laced with profanity and sometimes included death threats.
@Op_KKK, the Twitter handle functioning as a hub for this campaign, has denied any affiliation with the release that included the Tans' phone number and says its dump won't come until the originally threatened November 5 release.
This account has NOT YET released any information. We believe in due diligence and will NOT recklessly involve innocent individuals #OpKKK — Operation KKK (@Operation_KKK) November 2, 2015
While Steven Tan said his family remains optimistic that the confusion will not affect their business because of their strong local reputation, he said they've
had to stop answering calls from any out-of-state area code for the time being. Steven did say that at least a few of their clients have out-of-state numbers and that they may have ignored their calls.
November 20, 2015 11:13 IST
A study by international NGO WaterAid showed if all people waiting for household toilets in India were to stand in a line today, the queue would stretch from earth to moon and beyond.
Arguing that building toilets alone will not solve India's sanitation problems might sound counter-intuitive, especially amid the feverish pace at which some states are spending on the Centre's Swachh Bharat Mission.
However, a close look at SBM data reveals that despite the visible commitment to the programme shown by the central and state authorities, there has been a decline in focus on certain important aspects like ‘information, education and communication' activities and preparedness for solid-waste management.
Besides, a study conducted by international non-profit organisation WaterAid on the occasion of World Toilet Day on November 19, showed if all people waiting for household toilets in India were to stand in a line today, the queue would stretch from earth to moon -- and beyond -- as 774 million people would be part of it.
India tops among all countries on this count.
Assuming that each Indian needs about four minutes in a toilet, that queue would need more than 5,892 years to get cleared.
According to the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, of the 111.15 million rural households that were without toilets in the 2012 baseline survey, 16.54 million have been covered under SBM (Rural) to date.
The Centre for Policy Research's Budget Briefs report on SBM (Rural) shows allocation for the initiative in 2015-16 was increased by 27 per cent over a year earlier to Rs 3,625 crore (Rs 36.25 billion).
MoDWS data also show that Rs 5,233.22 crore (Rs 52.33 billion) has already been spent on SBM in rural India so far this financial year, compared with the Rs 2,240.58 crore (Rs 22.4 billion) released for it.
Expenditure on a sanitation-related programme had last exceeded the released amount in 2009-10.
However, the Budget Briefs report says: “Construction activities account for the bulk of SBM (Rural) expenditure.
"In 2014-15, over 90 per cent of rural sanitation funds were allocated for construction of different types of toilets. . . IEC activities constituted only five per cent of the total SBM expenditure. . .”
Data from the Ministry of Urban Development reveal that only Rs 89 crore (Rs 890 million) of the total sanction of Rs 942.8644 for SBM (Urban) in 2014-15 was earmarked for IEC.
In 2015-16, of the Rs 333.52 crore (Rs 3.33 billion) released so far, only Rs 1.5 crore (Rs 15 million) has been set aside for IEC activities.
Commenting on the need for initiating a behavioural change with regard to open defecation, Ankit Tulsyan, a consultant with TERI Water Division for the USAID Project on Urban WASH, says: “Merely constructing toilets shall not yield ‘Swachh Bharat'.
"To initiate behaviour change, there have been some successful innovative pilots done by organisations in India and Kenya, where they offered discount vouchers or cash-back on usage of toilets for a certain period of time.
"The government can take a closer look at these pilots and upscale them,” Tulsyan says.
Another area that has been missing in the authorities' focus is solid-waste management -- steps for treating human waste. According to MoUD, only Rs 90.95 crore (Rs 909.5 million) of the Rs 333.52 crore (Rs 3.33 billion) allocated to SBM (Urban) for 2015-16 has been allocated for solid-waste management.
For 2014-15, the allocation for this was Rs 287.5 crore (Rs 2.87 billion) out of the total of Rs 942.86 crore (Rs 9.42 billion).
According to a 2015 report by World Health Organization and Unicef's Joint Monitoring Group, India, from 1990 to 2015, saw a 31 percentage point reduction in the proportion of population defecating openly.
Among the countries that outperformed India, Vietnam saw a 39 percentage point decline.
But a 2011 World Bank report on sanitation in Vietnam found: “While access to an improved private toilet is 94 per cent in urban areas, less than 10 per cent are connected to sewerage networks with treatment.”
The report also found that the estimated overall economic costs of poor sanitation in Vietnam stood at $780 million per year at 2005 prices. India does not fare much better; MoUD's 2015 report on SBM (Urban) showed only 17.6 per cent of the 145,085 million tonnes of total waste generated in a day was being processed.
WaterAid study
The study, highlighting the seriousness of the sanitation problem in India and the need to end open defecation, said, with cities growing at an incredible pace, and a “cultural preferences for open defecation in fields rather than enclosed spaces”, India had the world's longest queues for toilets.
“The resulting health crisis is a serious matter.
More than 140,000 children younger than five years old die each year in India from diarrhoea.
"Nearly 40 per cent of children is stunted; this will affect both their life chances and the future prosperity of India,” the report said.
India also has high rates of maternal and newborn mortality linked to sepsis.
The report shows India has the dubious distinction of 173 people defecating in the open for every square kilometre, the highest density among all countries.
“That ratio would be the same as 500 people having to defecate in the open in the Square Mile of London, or 15,000 people in Manhattan, New York.”
Haiti, whose geographical area is less than one per cent of India's, has the second-highest number of people defecating in the open (72 per sq km).
Those like Nepal, Togo and Benin -- all much smaller -- have fewer people defecating in the open per sq km.
Image: A man takes a bath outside his shanty in Dharavi, Mumbai. Photograph: Danish Siddiqui/Reuters
Easter Sunday (Photo: Metro Creative Connections)
For Christians, Easter is – aside from Christmas – the most important time of the year. It represents a time to reflect on the sacrifice Jesus Christ made on the cross, dying for man's sins, and His Resurrection over death.
Churches in Iowa County and vicinity have planned numerous services to mark this occasion and share the message of salvation and hope. While churches will have their own services, many are also planning special community services to allow those of all denominations to share in the message.
Some of the larger events include:
* Williamsburg Tre Ore service: The Williamsburg Lutheran Circuit churches will host its annual Tre Ore service on Good Friday, Friday, April 14, at St. Paul Lutheran Church, 500 Clark St. The service runs from noon to 3 p.m. The three-hour service is a series of short services focusing on the seven last words of Jesus Christ. Churches participating, in addition to the host church, are Immanuel Lutheran, Williamsburg; St. John's Lutheran Church, Marengo; St. John's Lutheran, Homestead; St. James and St. John's Lutheran churches, Victor; Trinity Lutheran, Conroy; and Good Shepherd Lutheran, Wellman.
* Marengo Community Good Friday Service: The service, sponsored by the Marengo Ministerial Alliance, has been planned for 7 p.m. Friday, April 14, at Trinity United Church of Christ, 1895 200th St., Marengo. Participating churches include Trinity, First Presbyterian Church, the Church of the Nazarene and First United Methodist Church, all Marengo; and First Lutheran Church, Conroy. The service aims to remember the events of Good Friday, plus there will be a choral reading of the events of the Passion, with members of the community participating.
* Eastern Iowa Bible Camp Easter service: Four area churches are participating in an Easter Sunday sunrise service at 7 a.m. Sunday, April 16 at East Iowa Bible Camp, 1433 F52 Trail, Deep River. The churches are Deep River Community Church, Millersburg; Victor Baptist Church; Cornerstone Evangelical Free Church, Williamsburg; and Pleasant Grove Brethren Church, North English. A continental breakfast will follow.
The following other services are planned, as announced by churches NEWSpapers of Iowa County were able to make contact with:
Marengo
* Church of the Nazarene, 940 Eastern Ave.: The Easter Sunday schedule includes a prayer meeting at 9 a.m., Sunday school for all ages at 9:30 a.m. and morning worship at 10 a.m.
* First Presbyterian Church, 902 Marengo Ave.: Maundy Thursday is 7 p.m. and is with communion. Easter Sunday service is 9:30 a.m.
* First United Methodist Church, 895 Court Ave.: Maundy Thursday services with communion are 5:30 p.m. The Easter Sunday schedule includes breakfast at 9 a.m., an Easter egg hunt at 9:30 a.m., and worship at 10:15 a.m.
* Oak Lawn Church of God, 1321 F Ave.: Easter sunrise service 6:30 a.m. at the church, with breakfast at 7:30 a.m., Sunday School at 8 a.m. and regular service at 9 a.m.
* St. John's Lutheran Church, 780 Court Ave.: Maundy Thursday 7 p.m., Good Friday 7 p.m., Easter Saturday vigil 7 p.m., and Easter sunrise service 7 a.m., Festival is 9:30 a.m. Also participating in Tre Ore service from noon to 3 p.m. Good Friday at St. Paul Lutheran Church, Williamsburg.
* St. Patrick's Catholic Church, 957 Western Ave.: Holy Thursday Mass is 7 p.m. at St. Mary's church, Williamsburg. Good Friday services are 3 p.m. at St. Joseph's in North English and 7 p.m. at St. Mary's. Holy Saturday service is 8:30 p.m. at St. Mary's. Three Easter Sunday services are offered: 8:30 a.m. at St. Patrick's, 9:30 a.m. at St. Joseph's and 10 a.m. at St. Mary's.
* Trinity United Church of Christ, 1895 200th Ave.: Maundy Thursday 7 p.m. with communion; Easter Sunday egg hunt at 8:30 a.m., followed by breakfast at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. worship.
* * *
Victor/HLV
* St. Bridget's Catholic Church, 204½ Third St.: Maundy Thursday with communion is 7 p.m., and Good Friday services are 3 p.m., both at St. Bridget's, with St. Patrick's Catholic Church in Brooklyn joining. An Easter Vigil will be observed at 8:30 p.m. Saturday, April 15, at St. Patrick's. Easter Sunday services are 8 a.m. at St. Patrick's and 10 a.m. at St. Bridget's.
* St. James Lutheran Church, 502 Washington St.: Maundy Thursday service is 7 p.m. and includes communion. Good Friday service is at 7 p.m. Easter Sunday services include a sunrise service at 6:30 a.m. and the regular 9 a.m. service, with breakfast in between.
* St. John's Lutheran Church, 2656 CC Ave.: Maundy Thursday is 7 p.m., and Good Friday worship is 7 p.m. Easter Sunday worship services include a 6:30 a.m. sunrise service and Divine service at 9 a.m., with breakfast served at 8 a.m.
* Victor Baptist Church, 201 Seventh St.: Easter Sunday service is at 10 a.m. at the church.
* New Covenant Life Parish (churches at Victor, Ladora and Ohio): Maundy Thursday service is 7 p.m. at Victor. Good Friday service is 7 p.m. at the Ohio-Ladora Heritage Church in Ladora. Easter services include a 7 a.m. sunrise and regular 9:15 a.m. services, both at Victor; and 10:30 a.m. service at Ladora.
* * *
Clear Creek Amana
AMANA
* Amana Church: Holy Week prayer services are continuing this week, taking place each night of the week at 7 p.m. at the Middle Amana Church. Good Friday traditional worship services are 7 p.m. Friday, April 14, at the Middle Church. On Sunday, April 16, The Easter “Son Rise” service is at 8 a.m. at the Amana Church in Amana, with a breakfast served by the Church Guild at 8:15 a.m. A Sunday School Easter Egg hunt will be 9 a.m. at the Amana Church. The Easter Sunday worship service, combining prayer, scripture and hymns, follows at 10 a.m., with the church choir and Sunday school children singing.
COSGROVE
* St. Peter Catholic Church, 4022 Cosgrove Road SW: Stations of the Cross service is 5 p.m. Wednesday, April 12, followed by Mass at 5:20 p.m. Holy Thursday Mass is 6 p.m. and includes communion. Good Friday service is 6:30 p.m., and an Easter Vigil is 8 p.m. Saturday, April 15. Easter Sunday service is 8 a.m.
HOMESTEAD
* St. John's Lutheran Church: Maundy Thursday is 7 p.m., and Good Friday worship is 6:30 p.m. Easter Sunday Divine service is 9 a.m.
OXFORD
* Anchored in Faith Gospel, 131 W. Main St.: Resurrection Sunday is 11 a.m. Sunday, April 16.
* Hands of Christ Worship Center, 132 E. Main St., and Windham Community Church, 1424 Black Diamond Road: Maundy Thursday service is 6:30 p.m. while Good Friday is 6:30 p.m., both at Hands of Christ. Easter Sunrise Service is 6:30 a.m. at Hands of Christ, followed by breakfast at the church; Windham Community Church will have a brunch at 9 a.m. followed by a 10:15 a.m. service.
* Oxford United Methodist Church, 202 E. Main St.: Good Friday services are at 6 p.m. Easter Sunday worship is at 9 a.m.
* St. Mary Catholic Church, 215 Summit St.: Stations of the Cross service is 5 p.m. Wednesday, April 12, followed by Mass at 5:20 p.m., with both services at St. Peter's, Cosgrove. Holy Thursday Mass is 6 p.m. at St. Peter's and includes communion. Good Friday service is 6:30 p.m., and an Easter Vigil is 8 p.m. Saturday, April 15. Easter Sunday service is 10 a.m.
TIFFIN
* Grace United Methodist Church, 300 W. Marengo Road: Maundy Thursday is 7 p.m. and Good Friday is 7 p.m. Easter Sunday service is 8:30 a.m., with a community breakfast and Easter egg hunt to follow.
* LifePointe Christian Faith Center, 400 Stephans St.: Easter Sunday services are 9 a.m. and 11:15 a.m.
* * *
Williamsburg
WILLIAMSBURG
* First Presbyterian Church, 504 S. Highland St.: Maundy Thursday spaghetti service 6 p.m., followed by 7 p.m. service with communion. Good Friday 7 p.m. Sunday 9 a.m. breakfast and 10 a.m. service.
* Immanuel Lutheran Church, 2978 225th St.: Maundy Thursday is 6:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 12. Good Friday worship is 6:30 p.m. Easter Sunday worship is 8:30 a.m.
* St. Mary's Catholic Church, 102 E. Penn St.: Holy Thursday Mass is 7 p.m. at St. Mary's. Good Friday services are 3 p.m. at St. Joseph's in North English and 7 p.m. at St. Mary's. Holy Saturday service is 8:30 p.m. at St. Mary's. Three Easter Sunday services are offered: 8:30 a.m. at St. Patrick's in Marengo, 9:30 a.m. at St. Joseph's and 10 a.m. at St. Mary's.
* St. Paul Lutheran Church, 500 Clark St.: Maundy Thursday service is 6:30 p.m., and Good Friday worship is 6:30 p.m. Easter Sunday services are 6 a.m. and 9 a.m., with a 7:30 a.m. Easter breakfast.
* St. Paul's United Methodist Church, 803 Clearview Drive: Holy Wednesday service with communion is 6:30 p.m. Good Friday service is 6:30 p.m. Easter Sunday services are 8:30 a.m., 9:40 a.m. and 10:30 a.m.
* St. Timothy Evangelical Lutheran Church,113 WRM Drive: Holy Wednesday Vespers, Maundy Thursday Divine and Good Friday services are 7 p.m. each evening at the church; a Lenten supper will be served at 5:45 p.m. each evening, with all invited. Easter Vigil service is 7 p.m. Saturday at the church, with no meal prior. On Easter Sunday, breakfast will be served at 7:45 a.m. followed by Divine service at 9 a.m.
CONROY
* First Lutheran Church, 2504 175th St.: Maundy Thursday service is 7 p.m. Easter Sunday services are 10 a.m., with an Easter egg hunt at 11 a.m.
* Trinity Lutheran Church, 626 Eighth Ave.: Maundy Thursday is 7 p.m., and Good Friday worship is 7 p.m. Easter Sunday services include a 6:30 a.m. sunrise service and Festival service at 9:30 a.m., with breakfast served at 8 a.m.
* * *
English Valleys
NORTH ENGLISH
* North English Christian Church, 131 N. Howard St.: Maundy Thursday Service is at 6:30 p.m. Easter Sunday service is 10 a.m., with fellowship and refreshments served starting one hour prior to the service.
* North English United Methodist Church, 218 W. Oak St.: Maundy Thursday service is 6:30 p.m. at United Church of Deep River. Easter Sunday service is at 8 a.m.
* Pleasant Grove Grace Brethren Church, 1899 294th St.: Easter Sunday service is 10:30 a.m.
* St. Joseph's Catholic Church, 774 W. Broad St.: Holy Thursday Mass is 7 p.m. at St. Mary's church, Williamsburg. Good Friday services are 3 p.m. at St. Joseph's and 7 p.m. at St. Mary's. Holy Saturday service is 8:30 p.m. at St. Mary's. Three Easter Sunday services are offered: 8:30 a.m. at St. Patrick's in Marengo, 9:30 a.m. at St. Joseph's and 10 a.m. at St. Mary's.
MILLERSBURG
* Millersburg United Methodist Church, 473 Jefferson St.: Maundy Thursday service is 6:30 p.m. at United Church of Deep River. Easter Sunday sunrise service is 7:30 a.m. followed by breakfast and the 9 a.m. service.
DEEP RIVER
* Deep River Community Church, 1417 F52 Trail, Millersburg: Easter Sunday service is 10 a.m.
* United Church of Deep River, 304 Third St: Maundy Thursday 6:30 p.m. Easter sunrise service at 7:30 a.m., followed by breakfast and worship at 10 a.m.
Read or Share this story: http://icp-c.com/2omLxzR
The Obama administration's top Supreme Court lawyer says that the legal fights over ObamaCare are “effectively over.”
ADVERTISEMENT
In an interview with MSNBC, Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, who is stepping down from his post, noted that the chief justice upheld the law as it currently stands in King v. Burwell last year, writing for not just five, but six justices.
“I think the debate is effectively over,” Verrilli said.
Liberals sharply criticized Verrilli during the first ObamaCare case, in 2012, with many calling his argument weak.
He acknowledged to MSNBC that the argument “did not go so well,” but he called the criticism an “overreaction.”
The administration ended up winning the case, though, with the court ruling 5-4 that ObamaCare's individual mandate is constitutional under Congress's power to tax.
Verrilli noted that administration political aides did not want to use that reasoning because it would open up President Obama to attacks he was levying a new tax.
"The lawyers think we need to raise this tax power argument," Verrilli recalled aides telling the president, according to MSNBC, "and some of the political folks don't want to raise it because you'll be subject to criticism on the ground that you're taxing Americans.”
But Verrilli added, “The president didn't have any difficulty deciding that we were going to make the tax power argument right from the beginning.”
Despite the administration victories in 2012 and 2015, there is still a significant ObamaCare case making its way through the courts.
House Republicans are suing the administration, saying that it does not have the power to make certain payments to insurers without an appropriation from Congress.
A federal district court judge ruled for Republicans in May, but the decision will be appealed. Many experts think it will be thrown out due to a decision that the House does not have the legal standing to sue the president.
Christian players in Brazil's football team have been ordered to stop making displays of their faith during matches.
Several of the national side's players, including Real Madrid star Kaka, wore T-shirts bearing slogans such as ‘I belong to Jesus' underneath their shirts during the Confederations Cup final last month.
But football's governing body, FIFA, has now reminded the team that such displays on the pitch are against the rules.
FIFA wrote to the Brazilian Football Federation “to remind them of the relevant regulations, so that such incidents do not recur in the future”.
Brazil players prayed openly after their win against the USA last month and many wore Christian T-shirts in subsequent team photographs.
Their actions prompted calls from the Secretary General of the Danish Football Association for a ban on all religious statements from the game.
Jim Stjerne Hansen said: “Just as we reject political manifestations, we should also say no to religious ones. There are too many risks involved in clubs, for example, with people of different religious faiths.”
FIFA rules say: “Players must not reveal undergarments showing slogans or advertising. The basic compulsory equipment must not have any political, religious or personal statements.”
MSPs fear that next year's Commonwealth Games could lead to an influx of victims of human trafficking to Scotland, the European Commission's anti-trafficking co-ordinator has heard.
Myria Vassiliadou, the first person specifically tasked by the European Union's governing body to tackle trafficking, has urged the Scottish Government to make people who procure sex and consumer goods from victims its top anti-trafficking priority.
Studies have shown that authorities must be vigilant to human trafficking during large sporting events, she told Holyrood's European and External Relations Committee.
Human trafficking is worth $32 billion (£20bn), Ms Vassiliadou said, equivalent to around two-thirds of the entire Scottish Budget. Three-fifths of victims of trafficking in the EU are EU citizens, she said, adding that they are trafficked for sex; for forced labour in sectors such as construction, agriculture and health; for benefit fraud; and for crime and organ removal.
Labour MSP Hanzala Malik said: “We're going to have the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow and, like many others, I am very fearful that nearer the time there may be an influx of victims, and we really need to be ready for that. We would like to think that we are reasonably clean compared to our counterparts around Europe and we wish to retain that reputation.”
Ms Vassiliadou added: “It's very important when it comes to large-scale events, especially sporting events. Sometimes we try to undermine the importance of that. But a lot of studies demonstrate that we have to be very vigilant indeed.”
The Battle of Mirbat took place on 19 July 1972[2] during the Dhofar Rebellion in Oman, which was supported by Communist guerrillas from South Yemen. Britain assisted the Omani government by sending elements of its Special Air Service both to train soldiers and compete against the Popular Front for the Liberation of the Occupied Arabian Gulf (PFLOAG) guerrillas for the "hearts and minds" of the Omani people.[3]
Battle [ edit ]
At 6 am on 19 July 1972 the PFLOAG attacked the British Army Training Team (BATT) house, which housed the nine SAS soldiers, based just outside the Port of Mirbat. The PFLOAG (locally known as the Adoo) attacked the SAS BATT house knowing that to be able to reach the Port of Mirbat they would first have to defeat the SAS guarding the approach to the town in Jebel Ali, a series of small desert slopes leading to the Port.[3]
The Officer in Command, Captain Mike Kealy observed the waves advancing on the fort, but at first did not order his men to open fire because he thought it was the "Night Picket" coming back from night shift. The Night Picket were a loyal group of the Omani Army positioned on the slopes to warn the BATT house of Adoo troop movements. Realising that the Night Picket must have been killed, Kealy ordered his men to open fire. Kealy and other members of the team took up positions behind the sand-bag parapet on the roof of the BATT house, firing at the Adoo with L1A1 SLR battle rifles, with one man firing the Browning M2HB heavy machine gun, with a further two men on ground level operating and firing an infantry mortar surrounded by sand-bags. The Adoo were armed with AK-47 assault rifles, and were mortar bombing the area around the BATT house. Kealy ordered the signaller to establish communications with SAS Headquarters at Um al Quarif, to request reinforcements.[3]
There were also a small number of Omani Intelligence Service personnel in the BATT House, a small contingent of Pakistani soldiers and a member of British Military Intelligence seconded to the OIS. They joined the team on the roof and fired on the Adoo with SLRs and other small arms.[citation needed] Initially some of the Pakistani soldiers were reluctant to join the defence of the fort because their roles with the BATT were largely administrative, but they obeyed orders from Mike Kealy and the British Military Intelligence Corporal.[citation needed]
Overflying the BATT House, Mirbat.
Knowing that the SLRs would not be of full use until the Adoo were closer than the weapon's range of 800 metres, and lacking heavier firepower, Sergeant Talaiasi Labalaba made a run for the 25 Pounder Artillery Piece, which was positioned next to a smaller fort manned by nine[citation needed] Omani Army Special Forces soldiers, who had not played a part in the battle. The Omani policeman who was guarding the weapon had been seriously wounded. Talaiasi Labalaba managed to operate the weapon, which is a six-man job, by himself and fire a round a minute at the approaching Adoo, directing their attention away from the BATT house. Kealy received a radio message from Talaiasi reporting that a bullet had skimmed his face, he was badly injured, and was struggling to operate the gun on his own. At the BATT house Kealy asked for a volunteer to run to Talaiasi's aid. Trooper Sekonaia Takavesi volunteered to go.[3]
Sekonaia Takavesi ran from the BATT house, with the remaining men providing covering fire, in an attempt to distract the Adoo. Sekonaia ran the 800 metres through heavy gunfire, and reached the gun emplacement. Sekonaia tried to give aid to his injured friend, while firing at the approaching Adoo with his personal weapon. Realising that they needed help, Sekonaia tried to raise the small number of Omani soldiers inside the smaller fort and Walid Khamis emerged. The remaining Omani soldiers in the fort engaged the enemy with small arms fire from firing positions on the roof and through the windows of the fort.[citation needed] As the two men made it back to the emplacement, the Omani soldier fell wounded after being shot in the stomach with a 7.62 mm bullet. Adoo continued to advance upon both the BATT house and the artillery emplacement. At one point, the Adoo were so close that Sekonaia and Talaiasi fired the weapon at point blank range, aiming down the barrel. Talaiasi crawled across a small space to reach a 60 mm Infantry Mortar, but fell dead after being shot in the neck. Sekonaia, also shot through the shoulder and grazed by a bullet to the back of his head, continued to fire at the approaching Adoo with his personal weapon. The squad signaller sent messages through to the main Forward Operating Base, to request air support and medical evacuation for the men in the gun emplacement.[3]
Inside the BATT House at Mirbat
Captain Kealy and Trooper Tobin made a run to the artillery piece. Upon reaching it, they dived in to avoid increasingly intense gunfire from the Adoo. Sekonaia continued to fire on the attackers, propped up against sand bags after being shot through the stomach (the bullet narrowly missing his spine). The Adoo threw several hand grenades, but only one detonated, exploding behind the emplacement with no one injured. During the battle, Trooper Tobin attempted to reach over the body of Talaiasi. In so doing, Tobin was mortally wounded when a bullet struck his face. By this time, BAC Strikemaster light-attack jets of the Sultan of Oman's Air Force had arrived and began strafing the Adoo in the Jebel Ali. With a low cloud base making for low-altitude attack runs, only machine-guns and light rockets were used.[4] Reinforcements arrived from G Squadron and, defeated, the PFLOAG withdrew at about 12:30. All wounded SAS soldiers were evacuated, and given medical treatment. Trooper Tobin eventually died in hospital, due not directly to the multiple gunshot wounds but to an infection in his lung caused by a splintered tooth, which he had inhaled when his bottom jaw was blown off by an AK-47 round.[3]
Aftermath [ edit ]
"Mirbat gun" at the Firepower museum of the Royal Artillery
The 25-pounder gun (now known as the "Mirbat gun") used by Fijian Sergeant Talaiasi Labalaba during the siege is now housed in the Firepower museum of the Royal Artillery at the former Royal Arsenal, Woolwich. Though killed in action, Sgt Labalaba displayed remarkable bravery by singlehandedly operating the 25-pounder gun, a weapon normally requiring four to six soldiers to operate. Labalaba's heroism was a key factor in halting the Adoo's assault on the emplacement, allowing time for reinforcements to arrive. Labalaba was awarded a posthumous Mention in Dispatches for his actions in the Battle of Mirbat, though some of his comrades have since campaigned for him to be awarded the more prestigious Victoria Cross.[3][5]
The following SAS soldiers were present at Mirbat on 19 July 1972:[3]
Captain Mike Kealy
Staff Sergeant Talaiasi "Laba" Labalaba (Killed in action)
Sergeant Bob Bennett
Corporal Roger Cole
Corporal Jeff Taylor
Lance Corporal P. Warne (Also known as Pete Wignall, Pete Winner & Soldier I, nickname Snapper)
Trooper Sekonaia "Tak" Takavesi [6]
Trooper Thomas Tobin (Died of wounds)
Austin "Fuzz" Hussey
Kealy received the Distinguished Service Order, Takavesi the Distinguished Conduct Medal, Bennett and McNeice the Military Medal. These were announced three years after the event.[3] An Omani from the fort, Walid Khamis, was injured during the battle and received the Sultan's Gallantry Medal[7] - Oman's highest award.
The battle was underreported, and many considered the SAS team deserving of further individual awards for gallantry. However, many in Oman at that time perceived a desire by HM Government and the MoD to downplay incidents of direct involvement of British service personnel in military action. The British Military Intelligence Corporal received a medal for gallantry from the Sultan (for this action and others), but was threatened with disciplinary action by the British Army for being directly involved in the action at Mirbat.[citation needed]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Sir Ranulph Fiennes alleged in his book The Feather Men that Mike Kealy was murdered years later in the Brecon Beacons by an Arab militant cell. However, the circumstances of Kealy's death suggest that this is somewhat fanciful, as he was seen by other service personnel undergoing the same SAS endurance exercise only a few hours beforehand in deteriorating weather conditions, and was in fact found alive (but in poor condition) by a two-man search party, one of whom stayed with him and attempted to keep him warm. It was later acknowledged by the Coroner that one of the major contributory factors to his death was the delay of some 19 hours in recovering him from the hillside. Subsequently, the author admitted the book was fiction and that no such assassinations ever took place. [8]
that Mike Kealy was murdered years later in the Brecon Beacons by an Arab militant cell. However, the circumstances of Kealy's death suggest that this is somewhat fanciful, as he was seen by other service personnel undergoing the same SAS endurance exercise only a few hours beforehand in deteriorating weather conditions, and was in fact found alive (but in poor condition) by a two-man search party, one of whom stayed with him and attempted to keep him warm. It was later acknowledged by the Coroner that one of the major contributory factors to his death was the delay of some 19 hours in recovering him from the hillside. Subsequently, the author admitted the book was fiction and that no such assassinations ever took place. The battle is briefly depicted in the 2011 film Killer Elite , where it is central to the plot. The film is based on Fiennes' fictional book.
, where it is central to the plot. The film is based on Fiennes' fictional book. The battle is also mentioned by Frederick Forsyth in his book The Veteran , where a member of the SAS team is murdered by two criminals 30 years after the engagement.
, where a member of the SAS team is murdered by two criminals 30 years after the engagement. The battle is referred to in Chris Ryan's "Land of Fire", but is called "The Battle of Merbak", the Adoo are numbered in the thousands and Laba is replaced by a character called Tom who is wounded but lives.
The battle is described in Rowland White's "Storm Front".
The battle is also used as inspiration in the 2018 short film "The Daycare"
See also [ edit ]
Such is the devotion to the Cult of Trump. It is relentless. It is reckless. And sometimes you just step in it.
Corey Stewart, the Virginia state chairman of the Trump campaign sought to cement his devotion to Dear Leader Trump by staging an ill-advised protest outside of the Republican National Committee offices today.
The protest was, ostensibly, in response to this past weekend's near meltdown over the 2005 leaked hot mic moment.
Party officials went into emergency meetings and those who had formerly endorsed the party nominee, from pundits to politicians, to faith leaders called for Trump to step aside.
The problem was, Stewart launched this protest against the GOP and the RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, without the knowledge of Dear Leader, himself.
Not wise. In fact, he apparently has been warned about stepping out of line to try these stunts on his own before, but he's not much of a listener.
Campaign source with knowledge of the decision confirms to me that Corey Stewart was fired for organizing protest outside RNC today. — Ali Vitali (@alivitali) October 10, 2016
Corey Stewart had been warned repeatedly against protest. Trump campaign brass texted him about “major consequences” if he followed through. https://t.co/gIMSqLQiGS — Teddy Schleifer (@teddyschleifer) October 10, 2016
The Trump campaign has reaffirmed their positive working relationship with Priebus, in the aftermath of what was thought to be a better debate showing by the nominee on Sunday.
If Stewart's hopes were to cement his place as an immovable and loyal Trump devotee, he likely failed.
Trump campaign now officially confirms @CoreyStewartVA is out. Not sure he's been told yet. pic.twitter.com/GVRFPaWZm5 — Garrett Haake (@GarrettHaake) October 10, 2016
In a hilarious turn, they fired him without telling him first, so he likely found out after others saw it announced on Twitter.
Stewart has launched a gubernatorial campaign in Virginia, and likely thought placing himself as an “outsider” and renegade could carry him across the finish line in the same way Trump's unconventional style carried him through the primaries.
Trump's Virginia chair Corey Stewart tells me he hasn't heard of his ouster: “That would be news to me. They haven't said that to me.” — Teddy Schleifer (@teddyschleifer) October 10, 2016
Ouch.
Better luck next time, guy.
* Illustration: Don Clark * We started asking around, and everyone gave us the same answer: "I don't have any data for that," said Amanda Sabia, principal analyst for Internet demand at Gartner Group. "Good question," said Comcast's Mary Nell Westbrook. "We're giving it a look." She got back to us the next day: "We just don't have anything." Apparently it's not something companies study.
Some engineers at Cisco surmised that temperature would affect the conductivity of the copper—and thus the average download velocity of a YouTube video. After all, the Wiedemann-Franz law states that the electrical conductivity of a metal falls as the temperature rises. Since the vast majority of the world's cable is in the northern hemisphere, the warm summertime months above the equator should see a drop in Internet speeds.
"No way," said Doug Webster, a senior director at Cisco. "The infrastructure is engineered to counter those effects." Oh, snap.
Fortunately, his company had the data to end this feud. The networking juggernaut regularly surveys 15 to 20 of the world's largest ISPs. And though Cisco had never crunched the numbers to account for seasonal variation until we asked, its data shows that the bits move most swiftly in June, July, and August.
How could the Internet thumb its binary nose at the laws of physics? Webster has a theory: The Internet runs faster in the summer because people are outside enjoying the nice weather. It turns out that he's right. Traffic has a far greater effect on speed than the weather does. Download- friendly July has the least Web traffic. In 2008, 56 percent fewer bits moved through the Intertubes in July than in September.
Using Webster's logic, you'd think that January and February—when everyone's inside ducking the cold—would have the slowest data-transfer rates. But again, the numbers beg to differ. The Net is most sluggish in September.
Webster didn't have an explanation for this. Sure, schools are in session, but the same goes for February. So we called Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron, who pointed out that this spike corresponds with a well-known phenomenon: "Economic productivity is highest in the autumn."
It makes sense, according to Joe Robinson, who coaches massive corporations like IBM on work-life balance. "I can cite eight studies indicating that performance and productivity go up after vacation," he said. When you return from a long stint at the beach, you're not just recharged, you're more efficient. Even reaction times go up by 30 to 40 percent. It's not surprising then that Internet speeds lag when we're all back from vacay, hustling online, grabbing at that brass ring.
Burning Question: How Do I Future-Proof My Digital Media?
Burning Question: Does My Gear Know When Its Warranty Is Up?
Burning Question: Can Recession Be a Bargaining Chip?
Burning Question: Is There Really a Green Gadget?
Oh boy, it seems the rumors posted about a new Sonic game in development being titled ‘Sonic Mach 2‘ are coming true. The Sonic Mach 2 rumors started when Orbot's German voice actor listed the unannounced project on his online portfolio. Since the Sonic fanbase its an excited bunch, instead of waiting for its eventual reveal, Sonic Stadium forum members started messaging Takashi Iizuka on his personal Facebook account. Here is the conversation he had with one user:
Thanks for spilling some of the beans Mr. Iizuka, I'm sure your going to get a stern talking to (unless he is trolling users of course). So let's say the game does exist but isn't being developed by Sonic Team. What does that mean? Probably means its not the next big Sonic the Hedgehog game. It might even be a new game developed by SEGA's newly acquired mobile developer Demiurge Studios or even another mobile title by Hardlight. But is it a little too early for another Sonic mobile game, seeing as Sonic Runners hasn't even been released world wide?
What do you guys think? Tell us in the comments, you think Iizuka is trolling?
Police statistics in the UK show that “honor” violence soared more than 40 per cent over the past five years, with 1,081 making it to Scotland Yard. Those relating to forced marriages doubled in the same period, with 367 in total, the Standard UK reports.
Women and girls are the majority of victims.
Dozens of rapes and other sexual crimes were reported as well as knives and guns being involved in more than 70 incidents.
One school had to provide support to a six-year-old girl suspected of being groomed by her family for a forced marriage after being taken to Bangladesh.
Many of the girls feel their only way out is to commit suicide.
Police say communities use “cultural and/or religious justifications for male violence against women and girls and other people.
Politicians and charity leaders find the results troubling”, “shocking” and “abhorrent”.
In Germany, child marriages have risen dramatically. Germany's cabinet has agreed to a new draft law banning child marriages after the recent refugee influx saw brides even younger than 14 arrive in the country. They will also dissolve marriages that have taken place.
They found 1500 cases of child marriages among refugees.
The Central Register of Foreign Nationals has documented a surge in child marriages in recent years. As of July 2016, 1,500 minors of non-German background were registered as married, including 361 under the age of 14.
The largest group of child brides, 664 minors, come from Syria followed by Afghanistan and Iraq.
Via Peter Tchir of TF Market Advisors,
The Fed does everything it can to keep LIBOR low.
This chart says it all.
The Fed cannot affect LIBOR directly, but in general LIBOR trades in line with Fed Funds. You can see that historically as Fed Funds was changed, LIBOR responded appropriately. There was typically some small premium to reflect the "credit risk" of banks versus the Fed, but it was relatively small, and fairly stable. 3 Month LIBOR would deviate a bit as rate cuts and hikes were anticipated in the market, but in general, it was a fairly stable game.
That all started to break down in 2007. We saw the first real signs of LIBOR deviating from its normal spread to Fed Funds in the summer of 2007. The Fed responded by cutting the "penalty" rate for using the discount window, and in fact encouraged banks to use the discount window (I still can't shake the mental image of someone sitting in a dark basement with a green eye-shade doling out money to banks that request it). Then the crisis got worse. Bear needed to be rescued. Facilities such as the Term Auction Facility that had been put in earlier were increased in size. The Fed backstopped some portfolios that JPM acquired as part of the Bear Stearns deal.
As the crisis re-ignited in the late summer of 2008 and peaked after Lehman and AIG, the Fed took step after step to reduce borrowing costs. The Fed was blatantly clear that it wanted borrowing costs to go down. They had the obvious tool of reducing Fed Funds to virtually zero, but when LIBOR didn't follow, the Fed took further action. The Fed did not want bank borrowing costs to be high.
They increased dollar swap lines so foreign banks could borrow. The Fed stepped into the commercial paper market so banks wouldn't have to use money to meet drawdowns on revolvers. TALF was another creation to take pressure of bank lending.
The FDIC allowed banks to issue bonds with FDIC backing (so not quite Fed program, but who is going to quibble).
Fears that MS and GS and GE would topple the banks were alleviated by making them banks.
The list goes on. The Fed has done a lot and trying to control LIBOR as a key borrowing rate is one of the things they have worked on, both directly and indirectly.
First announced back in 2013, with an upgraded prototype unveiled earlier this year, Terrafugia's TF-X flying car is about as close as the world's gotten to our collective dream of someday commuting via cloud alleys.
And now the Massachusetts-based aircraft company has hit It's next big milestone - the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has given it special permission to run in-air tests with an autonomous drone version of its flying car.
Now, before you get too excited, the model they'll be testing in US airspace is not only unmanned - it's a mere tenth of the size of their actual flying car prototype. But that's not so bad, because having the flexibility to actually test a miniature version of the TF-X 'in the field' is expected to fast-track the R&D phase of their actual, real-life flying car.
Their scale model will be permitted to reach altitudes of 121 metres and speeds of 160km/h. It can use US airspace throughout the country, but the team behind it must be in communication with the relevant authorities at all times.
"Extensive sub-scale flight testing of sUAS [small Unmanned Aircraft Systems], along with wind tunnel testing and aerodynamic simulation, are key to refining the vehicle's design," Terrafugia said in a press statement.
According to Aero News Network, these tests will be crucial to the development of the actual TF-X flying car, due to the aircraft's unique engineering. "Because of the unconventional configuration of the TF-X, it is vital to achieve sustained, stabilised hovering with smaller models before developing a full-size TF-X prototype," they report.
If the TF-X ever makes it to market, it will have a cruising speed of 322 km/h (200 mph) with an 805-km (500-mile) flight range, and will require no runway space whatsoever to take off and land.
The four-passenger hybrid vehicle will include rechargeable batteries that can be changed either by its engine or by electric car charging stations. It will be small enough to drive on regular roads and fit in regular garages, and the flying part will be computer operated, so you won't have to be a pilot to drive one.
As we reported earlier in the year:
"When you want to go into flying mode, the wings will fold out, and twin electric motor pods on the ends will power up and lift the car off the ground using 1 megawatt of power. Two small helicopter-style propellers will provide thrust when needed, and are then folded back in when the car is cruising."
Terrafugia says it's looking at eight to 12 years of development for their flying car, but winning approval to get their scale model airborne is keeping them on track nicely. We'll just have to wait and see what the next phase will be. Watch this space.
Frederic J. Brown / AFP / Getty Images
Weeks after stirring up consumer outrage with a proposed $5 monthly fee for debit card usage, Bank of America is now following its big bank colleagues by abandoning plans for the fee. Throughout the debit card fee saga, smaller financial institutions have seized the opportunity to attract new customers by comparing themselves in a favorable light to BofA. For the most part, they still compare quite favorably, even after the debit card usage fees have disappeared.
The entire episode has undeniably been a PR disaster for Bank of America, and it's not necessarily over for the bank. In a recent survey, 60% of independent banks had seen a spike in new accounts since BofA first proposed the debit card fee. How did they bring in new business? Several small banks, credit unions, and online banks have gotten creative in their efforts to set themselves apart from the big bank competition, highlighting the absence of fees, as well as new incentives and bonuses for account openings.
One credit union, for instance, has promised free checking and no debit card fees for life, while another announced it will pay customers 15¢ each time their debit card is swiped.
(MORE: Bank of America Not Charging a Debit Fee After All)
The Washington Post reports that credit unions all over the country have pounced on the opportunity to attract customers made unhappy with the possibility of new fees from the big banks. In many cases, credit unions haven't needed to do all that much to bring in new clients. An executive for the Mid-Atlantic Federal Credit Union told the Post:
“Bank of America drove more members into our branches than I ever could.”
Even so, small financial institutions around the country stepped up with promotions and guarantees to give would-be customers extra incentive to cut ties with big banks—perhaps this Saturday, which has officially been dubbed “Bank Transfer Day.” One of the most intriguing examples, which is still being offered even after BofA has dropped its debit card fee, comes from the online financial institution Everbank.
In addition to its usual perks—no monthly account fees, a promise to keep interest rates in the highest 5% of leading banks—Everbank is now offering a bonus cash reward for new customer signups that occur by November 30. The bonus is similar to those offered to attract new credit card customers, and the amount for the reward was chosen by Everbank in completely non-coincidental fashion: $60. That just so happens to be the amount you would have paid Bank of America for the privilege of using a debit card for 12 months, had BofA gone through with its plans ($5 x 12 months = $60).
Bear in mind that an Everbank account doesn't work for every bank customer. The Yield Pledge Checking Account—the kind that comes with the $60 signup bonus—requires a minimum initial deposit of $1,500, and a balance of at least $1,500 must be maintained through early 2012 in order to receive the cash bonus. There is other fine print that makes Everbank not the most customer-friendly of institutions: Namely, that online bill pay is free only for customers with a $5,000 balance. With a balance under $5,000, bill pay is still available, but comes with a $8.95 monthly fee.
(MORE: Banks Back Off Unpopular Debit Card Fees)
Other customer-friendly online bank accounts have no such requirements. ING Direct's checking accounts, for instance, have no minimum balance requirements whatsoever, and bill pay is always free. By the way, ING Direct account openings have also skyrocketed since news broke about fees from Bank of American and others.
Perhaps Bank of America's biggest mistake in this debacle is that it gave customers good reason to shop around for other banking options. Many of these customers, undoubtedly, like what they've found in the alternatives, no matter if BofA has a debit card fee or not.
Brad Tuttle is a reporter at TIME. Find him on Twitter at @bradrtuttle. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
Veteran fighter Paul Kelly's mixed martial arts career is likely over after he was recently sentenced to 13 years in prison by a British court for heroin trafficking.
The 28-year-old Kelly, a native of Liverpool, England, was sentenced by the Liverpool Crown Court for his role as the ringleader of a drug-trafficking ring.
Sentencing judge Mark Brown broke down the reasoning for the sentence against the ex-UFC fighter. "In my judgement you decided to supply Class A drugs when your contract with UFC was terminated," Brown was quoted as saying in the Liverpool Echo. "You obviously enjoyed the high life and saw selling heroin as an easy way to make money."
Kelly fought nine times in the UFC from 2008-11, compiling a record of 5-4. He was twice awarded Fight of the Night honors: First for a UFC 80 victory over Paul Taylor, then for his UFC 126 loss to Donald Cerrone. The Cerrone fight was his last in the UFC.
Kelly, a father of two children, last fought in March, winning a first-round knockout over Henrique Santana in Essex, England.
Michigan-based Shoemaker Vintage creates beautifully finished ‘real world' road machines—functional as well as good looking, like this 1971 Suzuki T500 Titan.
Proprietor Ralph Spencer has been a gearhead from an early age. He's spent his life designing and fabricating for the military defense industry, specializing in tracked combat vehicles. And the same attention to detail shines through in his motorcycles.
“I've always loved the Suzuki T500 Titan,” says Ralph. “It makes a great looking and riding café racer. Being a two-stroke, you get all the character that a stroker has—the pop-ring of the exhaust, and the aroma of two-stroke oil. The T500 has classic lines, from the shape of the gas tank to the finned front brake drum and the reverse slash exhaust ends.”
What prompted him to do this build? “I got rear-ended sitting at a traffic signal,” he says, “bending my 40-year-old perfect chrome rear fender. So I bobbed the rear fender and ended up creating a café machine.”
There's a bit more to this build than a new rear fender with an LED taillight, though. There's now a Suzuki GT750 four-leading shoe brake up front, and Ralph's given the engine even more punch via a set of Titan Performance polished stainless expansion chambers.
“I left the porting stock, since the T500's torquey engine lends itself well to street riding,” says Ralph. “ The polished stainless expansion chambers sound great and wake up the engine just enough to keeps things exciting.”
Ralph also fitted his own custom rearsets, a wide seat from Omar's, and Tommaselli adjustable clubman bars. The rider also gets extra protection from a National Cycle ‘Flyscreen' shield. The paint—and no prizes for guessing the influence—was applied by Jim Gilbert.
Ralph's T500 has won several awards, including ‘Best Japanese Machine' at Mods vs. Rockers 2012.
It's a winner in our book too. What about you?
Images by Biker Pros. Head over to the Shoemaker Vintage Facebook page for more details.
Does it really matter which party is in charge when it comes to bailing out the Wall Street hustlers whose shenanigans have bankrupted so many ordinary folks? Not if the Democrats roll over and cede power to the former head of Goldman Sachs, the investment bank at the center of our economic meltdown.
What arrogance for Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson—who the year before President Bush appointed him treasury secretary was paid $16.4 million for heading the company that did as much as any to engineer this financial travesty—to now insist we must blindly trust him to solve the problem. Paulson is demanding the power to act with “absolute impunity,” said Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., who admonished the treasury chief: “After reading this proposal, it is not only our economy that is at risk, Mr. Secretary, but our Constitution as well.”
Clearly, it's a vast improvement to have Dodd in the chairman's seat of the Senate Banking Committee, asking the right questions, rather than his predecessor, Texas Republican Phil Gramm, who presided over the committee in the years when the American economy, long the envy of the world, was viciously sabotaged by radical deregulation legislation.
Gramm, whom Sen. John McCain backed for president in 1996, pushed through the financial market deregulation that has brought the American economy to its knees. Maybe this time Congress won't give the financial moguls everything they want, including a bailout for foreign-owned banks like Swiss-based UBS, where Gramm now hangs out as a very well paid executive when he's not advising the presidential campaign of McCain, his old buddy and partner in crime. Oops, sorry, no crimes were committed because the deregulation laws Gramm pursued and McCain faithfully supported decriminalized the financial scams that have proved so costly.
Just check out the language of Gramm's pet projects, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000. By preventing mergers between the various branches of Wall Street, the former act reversed basic Depression-era legislation passed to prevent the sort of collapse we are now experiencing. The latter legitimized the “swap agreements” and other “hybrid instruments” that are at the core of the crisis.
The legislation's “Legal Certainty for Bank Products Act of 2000,” Title IV of the law — a law that Gramm snuck in without hearings hours before the Christmas recess — provided Wall Street with an unbridled license to steal. It made certain that financiers could legally get away with a whole new array of financial rip-off schemes.
One of those provisions, summarized by the heading of Title III, ensured the “Legal Certainty for Swap Agreements,” which successfully divorced the granters of subprime mortgage loans from any obligation to ever collect on them. That provision of Gramm's law is at the very heart of the problem. But the law went even further, prohibiting regulation of any of the new financial instruments permitted after the financial industry mergers: “No provision of the Commodity Exchange Act shall apply to, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall not exercise regulatory authority with respect to, an identified banking product which had not been commonly offered, entered into, or provided in the United States by any bank on or before December 5, 2000. …”
Even some Republicans on the Senate committee expressed exasperation Monday with the swindles that they had voted for with such enthusiasm in the past, as well as with giving Wall Street yet another blank check. Sen. Jim Bunning, R-Ky., condemned Paulson's proposal as an effort to “take Wall Street's pain and spread it to the taxpayers.” He added, “It's financial socialism and it's un-American.”
He's wrong on that last point, for what is proposed is not the nationalization of private corporations but rather a corporate takeover of government. The marriage of highly concentrated corporate power with an authoritarian state that services the politico-economic elite at the expense of the people is more accurately referred to as “financial fascism.” After all, even Hitler never nationalized the Mercedes-Benz company but rather entered into a very profitable partnership with the current car company's corporate ancestor, which made out quite well until Hitler's bubble burst.
Smell a rat if Congress approves the Paulson plan without severely curtailing CEO pay and putting a freeze on the mortgage foreclosures that are threatening to destroy the homes of millions of Americans.
Robert Scheer is author of a new book, “The Pornography of Power: How Defense Hawks Hijacked 9/11 and Weakened America.”
Bitcoin Study Shows 44% of Consumers in Germany Know What Bitcoin Is
It should come as no surprise to find out a lot of people have heard of Bitcoin by now, even though very few consumers have used the cryptocurrency so far. A new German Consumer Payment Study shows 1% of participants have ever used Bitcoin, which is a disappointing number.
Also read: Andreas Antonopoulos Makes Bold Prediction on Bitcoin Consensus
Bitcoin Has Not Yet Gained Much Traction In Germany
Although these types of studies do not paint the complete picture of consumerism in Germany, there are some telling signs regarding Bitcoin adoption in the country to be found. Considering how there are so many different payment options available in the country, it should come as no surprise to know Bitcoin is not all that popular in Germany right now.
To be more precise, the study shows how only 1% of participants knows what Bitcoin is, and have used the cryptocurrency in the past. While this is a rather low number, there is nothing to worry about just yet, as only 26% of respondents indicated they had never heard of Bitcoin before they were shown a video on what it is all about.
What is rather surprising, however, is how a significant portion – 44% – of participants indicated they know what Bitcoin is, but have not used it yet. This is a promising sign for cryptocurrency adoption in the country over the coming years, as there seem to be educational efforts taking place to promote the benefits of Bitcoin in general. However, 29% indicated they heard of it but are uncertain as to what Bitcoin is or does.
Another interesting piece of information comes in the form of how people seem likely to use Bitcoin in the next year. Especially the ones who haven't used it yet, 12% seems willing to give Bitcoin a try in the next 12 months. If this were to be the case, Bitcoin adoption in Germany would get a significant boost.
If there is one thing to take away from this survey, it is how it is difficult to get a complete grasp of how people feel about Bitcoin in Germany. However, there seems to be a growing awareness of cryptocurrency in general, which can only be seen as a positive trend. But there is still a long way to go before mainstream adoption will be achieved in this country, as well as the rest of the world.
Whether this is due to a lack of educational efforts, or not making Bitcoin accessible enough for general consumers, remains a big mystery for now. One thing is for sure, though: both types of solutions are direly needed. With a healthy portion of participants indicating their knowledge on Bitcoin, new ways have to be found to get cryptocurrency into the hands of these people in a convenient manner.
What are your thoughts on this German consumer study? Would you expect to see similar statistics in your country? Let us know in the comments below!
Source: Tsys
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Tsys
A research team in China has created genetically modified human embryos using the gene-editing technique CRISPR/Cas9, according to a report in the online journal Protein & Cell.
The experiments were conducted by a research team led by Junjiu Huang of Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou, China.
Human germline modification is widely considered unethical for both safety and social reasons. Using germline modification techniques to create a human being is prohibited by more than 40 countries and several international human rights treaties.
Responding to the research report, The Center for Genetics and Society (CGS) is calling for a halt to experiments aimed at the creation of genetically modified human beings.
“No researcher has the moral warrant to flout the globally widespread policy agreement against altering the human germline,” commented Marcy Darnovsky, PhD, CGS Executive Director.
“The medical risks and social dangers of human germline modification cannot be overstated. Creating genetically modified human beings could easily lead to new forms of inequality, discrimination, and societal conflict.”
Clinical applications premature
The research tried to head off such concerns by using ‘non-viable' embryos, which cannot result in a live birth, that were obtained from local fertility clinics, according to an article in Nature News. “The team attempted to modify the gene responsible for β-thalassaemia, a potentially fatal blood disorder, using a gene-editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9. The researchers say that their results reveal serious obstacles to using the method in medical applications.”
The genetic changes the scientists intended were actually made in only a small number of the embryos they used, and they found a large number of “off target” effects.
Plans for future research
Nonetheless, the researchers don't plan to give up. According to news reports, at least four other groups in China are currently exploring gene editing of human embryos.
The Protein & Cell paper “demonstrates the enormous safety risks that any attempt to produce a genetically modified human being would entail, and underlines the urgency of working to forestall such efforts,” Darnovsky said. CGS is concerned that the development of gene editing makes germline modification so technically easy that anyone with basic molecular biology training has the capability to attempt it.
“We can no longer consider this a far-off prospect to be dealt with in the future,” Darnovsky said. “We need to act immediately to strengthen the global policy agreements that put human germline modification off limits.”
Abstract of CRISPR/Cas9-mediated gene editing in human tripronuclear zygotes
Genome editing tools such as the clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat (CRISPR)-associated system (Cas) have been widely used to modify genes in model systems including animal zygotes and human cells, and hold tremendous promise for both basic research and clinical applications. To date, a serious knowledge gap remains in our understanding of DNA repair mechanisms in human early embryos, and in the efficiency and potential off-target effects of using technologies such as CRISPR/Cas9 in human pre-implantation embryos. In this report, we used tripronuclear (3PN) zygotes to further investigate CRISPR/Cas9-mediated gene editing in human cells. We found that CRISPR/Cas9 could effectively cleave the endogenous β-globin gene (HBB). However, the efficiency of homologous recombination directed repair (HDR) of HBB was low and the edited embryos were mosaic. Off-target cleavage was also apparent in these 3PN zygotes as revealed by the T7E1 assay and whole-exome sequencing. Furthermore, the endogenous delta-globin gene (HBD), which is homologous to HBB, competed with exogenous donor oligos to act as the repair template, leading to untoward mutations. Our data also indicated that repair of the HBBlocus in these embryos occurred preferentially through the non-crossover HDR pathway. Taken together, our work highlights the pressing need to further improve the fidelity and specificity of the CRISPR/Cas9 platform, a prerequisite for any clinical applications of CRSIPR/Cas9-mediated editing.
Justin Trudeau, the leader of Canada's Liberal Party, criticized the Canadian government in a speech at McGill University for its rhetoric over the threat of Islamist-related terrorism. (Liberal Party of Canada)
In a dramatic speech Tuesday evening, the leader of Canada's Liberal Party, Justin Trudeau, criticized the Canadian government for its rhetoric over the threat of Islamist-related terrorism – and compared the country's treatment of its Muslim minorities with restrictive policies against Jews prior to and during World War II.
Speaking in Toronto to alumni of McGill University, Trudeau, who will compete with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in an election later this year, discussed Canada's idea of liberty. At one point, he listed a number of historical moments when his country had failed in that ideal, including the Chinese head tax (a fixed fee charged to every Chinese immigrant) and the internment of Ukrainian, Japanese and Italian Canadians during the world wars.
"When I talk to young people today about these episodes, they can hardly believe they happened. It doesn't sound possible, not in Canada," Trudeau told his audience. "So we should all shudder to hear the same rhetoric that led to a 'none is too many' immigration policy toward Jews in the 30s and 40s, being used to raise fears against Muslims today."
Canada's legacy of turning away Jewish refugees before and during World War II has become a source of shame for the country – Trudeau's speech references the book "None is Too Many: Canada and the Jews of Europe 1933-1948" which documented how Canada did less that other Western countries for Europe's Jews during this period, allowing only 5,000 Jewish refugees to enter the country.
Liberal leader Justin Trudeau speaks during Question Period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Feb. 17, 2015. (Chris Wattie/Reuters)
The title of that book is itself a reference to an anecdotal comment by an immigration agency when asked how many Jews would be allowed into Canada after the war. Other stories of Canadian indifference to the Jewish plight abound. In one remarkable case, Canada turned away the St. Louis, a German ocean liner, carrying 907 European Jews. Those Jews later returned to Europe, where 254 are thought to have died in concentration camps. Some German and Austrian Jews were interned in Canada during World War II, accused of being "enemy aliens."
In recent years, there has been a surge in immigrants from Muslim countries to Canada: 2011's National Household Survey found that there were more than 1 million Muslims in Canada, over twice the number of Jews in the country and 3.2 percent of the total population (for comparison, in the United States, Muslims make up less than 1 percent of the population). A Pew Research Center estimate from the same year found that the population would surge to 2.6 million by 2030, a projected percentage increase of 183 percent.
Yet the rise in Canada's Muslim population appears to have been mirrored by a rising suspicion of Muslims among Canadians. In 2014, one poll found that 54 percent of Canadians had a negative view of Islam. Matters were complicated last year by two attacks, inspired by Islamist extremism, that targeted Canadian soldiers, and by a number of Canadian citizens traveling to fight in the Middle East.
Trudeau accused Harper's Conservative Party government of blurring the line "between a real security threat and simple prejudice." In particular, he criticized the decision of a judge in Quebec to refuse the case of a Muslim woman who wore a hijab to court, arguing that it was a "troubling trend that Mr. Harper seems keen to accelerate and exploit" and linking it to the Conservative government's proposed ban on the wearing of Islamic face veils during the oath of citizenship.
"It is a cruel joke to claim you are liberating people from oppression by dictating in law what they can and cannot wear," Trudeau said.
Trudeau's speech made headlines Tuesday in Canada, with a wide range of responses from the laudatory to the critical. Some noted that the speech made little mention of the Liberal Party's own support for broad changes to national security legislation proposed by Harper's government. Critics have claimed these changes are an infringement on the freedoms of Canadians (Trudeau has said his party supports the Anti-Terrorism Act 2015 but would try to amend it if it takes power this year). A spokesman for Harper defended the government's treatment of Canada's Muslim minority to Macleans, quoting a recent comment by Canada's defense minister: “We stand in defense of the vast majority of Muslims who reject this cult of violence. Canadians are in solidarity with them.”
Among those looking in from the outside, however, many were struck by how rare it was to hear a mainstream politician making such a dramatic stand for Muslims. On Twitter, Glenn Greenwald of the Intercept praised Trudeau's comments, saying they were "inconceivable for leading US politician."
Newcastle United have won their first Premier League battle without kicking a ball — after they were told they would be allowed to keep away fans up in the gods at St James' Park.
Under new rules set to come in the coming season, top-flight clubs must locate visiting supporters at pitchside level.
League and TV bosses believe such placement leads to a better atmosphere and a better product on the screen.
Away fans visiting Newcastle's St James' Park are currently located up 14 flights of stairs
However, Toon chiefs said that safety issues made such a shift at their home impossible — and Sportsmail understands that the Premier League have now granted them a year's dispensation.
League bosses declined to comment but they are expected to work with the newly-promoted club over the course of the season with a view to making the change next term.
Away fans at St James' currently have to climb 14 flights of stairs to get to their spot in the Leazes End.
Newcastle have been given year's dispensation, while other clubs will have to move away fans
With promotion from the Championship on the cards, Newcastle officials spoke to the Premier League about potential issues. The key problem was that moving away fans down to pitchside would make it difficult to segregate rival supporters at certain exits.
The north east club, who also declined to comment, commissioned independent experts who confirmed that, with the notice period given, there was no viable and safe alternative.
They presented a strong argument to the league who have now decided to give them 12 months' grace.
A costly relocation in a year's time may well be the only resolution.
League chief Richard Scudamore says decision to move fans is to create a better atmosphere
Premier League chief Richard Scudamore explained the reasoning behind the policy when it was announced earlier this year.
'It's about atmosphere,' he said. 'One of the unique things about our game, particularly in England, is the amount of away fans and the noise they create. When an away goal is scored, you want that atmosphere and interaction between the two sets of fans.'
Sportsmail also understands that Manchester United will also not be forced to move away supporters. Visitors to Old Trafford are currently located above pitch level but are in the first row of general admission seats behind a disabled enclosure, which is soon to be expanded.
Police storm the Chrysler vehicle that was parked outside NSW Parliament House. He was refused bail. Mr Ganiji had parked his white Chrysler on the footpath outside the historic building about midday, made a set of demands to police and threatened to light a petrol container if they were not met. Following a two-hour stand-off, the 58-year-old wound up the windows of his car and attempted to ignite a cigarette lighter. At that point, tactical operations and riot squad police stormed the car, firing smoke canisters into the vehicle, smashing the windows and pulling him onto the footpath before he was arrested.
A man whose car was stormed by police outside NSW Parliament House on Friday is taken away. Credit:Getty Images Officers also removed an item from the sedan. The whole scenario placed NSW Parliament House into lockdown with the Premier, other ministers, staffers and the press gallery told to remain inside. A police officer speaks to the driver of a car that stopped outside NSW Parliament House, sparking a bomb scare. Credit:Peter Rae Mr Ganiji was taken to St Vincent's Hospital for treatment to some minor cuts.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Murdoch said the man had made a series of demands as he spoke to police negotiators over the two hours. Taxi driver Abdula Ganiji, pictured protesting outside Parliament House in December 2012. Credit:Marco Del Grande "He was making certain demands of the police, we weren't in a position to meet those demands nor were we ever in a position to entertain them. "Our whole tactic was to contain and negotiate with the man, equally we were committed to not letting him get mobile. Members of the Bomb Squad outside Parliament House in Macquarie Street. Credit:Peter Rae
"We put certain arrangements in place to stop that from happening. Given what we believe to be a man in a car with a container of flammable liquid, the risk to the community was obvious." Taxi dispute Mr Ganiji told the Mercury last year he had been fined in 1998 by Wollongong Radio Cabs for misusing his taxi radio - he was accused of clicking the buttons unnecessarily, causing problems on the communication network. On a hunger strike for at least eight days, he said he was upset authorities had "taken no notice" of his letters of complaint and he believed he had never been given the chance to appeal the fine. Asked at the time why he wouldn't forget about the past and leave the issue behind, Mr Ganiji said: "My wife says this to me too, but this fight I will not give in."
Wollongong Radio Cabs refused to comment on the case. Transport NSW said at the time Mr Ganiji had been "provided every assistance" to resolve his issue.
"Investigations that have already taken place resolve that Wollongong Radio Cabs did not breach network service standards or guidelines," a spokesman said. Assistant Commissioner Murdoch said on Friday investigators were still trying to determine what had caused the man to carry out the threat, but said he was known to police. Praise for officers Assistant Commissioner Murdoch praised the efforts of his officers, saying they put themselves at great risk to protect the community.
"When that man attempted to light a cigarette lighter, wind the windows of the car up with what we believe to be a container of flammable liquid, those officers put their lives on the line this afternoon and they resolved the situation in a peaceful manner. "That is to be commended." Macquarie Street remained closed in both directs between St James Road and Hunter Street at 3pm, as police carry-out their investigation, RMS Traffic Management said. Baird, O'Farrell in building
At the height of the drama, NSW Treasurer Mike Baird tweeted that he and Premier Barry O'Farrell were inside the building when it went into lockdown.
Mr Baird tweeted that he and Mr O'Farrell were asked to evacuate the building. However, he later clarified in a tweet that Mr O'Farrell was asked to leave the balcony area, not the building. Channel Ten reporter Josh Murphy tweeted: Mr Baird tweeted at midday: With @barryofarrell and we are locked in Parliament House -macq street closed & riot squad ready! Please don't panic.
Ten minutes later he tweeted:
An announcement played through the building ordered everyone away from the front of the building. This week is not a sitting week at parliament so not all ministers and MPs were in the building. Loading - with AAP, Amanda Hoh
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani says Saudi Arabia's “unwise” and “provocative” policies will further heighten tensions in the Middle East region.
In a meeting with visiting Iraqi Foreign Minister Ibrahim Jaafari on Wednesday, President Rouhani once again denounced Riyadh's recent move to execute top Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr Baqir al-Nimr, saying the move was aimed at sowing discord in the region.
“Today, in circumstances under which we need, more than ever, unity and unification among countries to fight terrorism in the region, [such] unwise, hasty and provocative decisions will definitely lead to the escalation of tensions and will be to the detriment of countries in the region,” Rouhani said.
Saudi Arabia announced the execution of Sheikh Nimr and 46 others on Saturday despite international calls for the release of the opposition cleric and other jailed political activists in the kingdom.
Sheikh Nimr was shot by Saudi police and arrested in 2012 in Qatif in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province, which was the scene of peaceful anti-regime demonstrations at the time.
He had been charged with instigating unrest and undermining the kingdom's security. He had rejected all the charges as baseless.
Saudi Arabia severed diplomatic relations with Iran on Sunday following demonstrations held in front of the Saudi embassy in Tehran and its consulate in the northeastern city of Mashhad by angry protesters censuring the Al Saud family for the killing of Nimr. Some people mounted the walls of the consulate in Mashhad while incendiary devices were hurled at the embassy in Tehran. Some 50 people were detained over the transgression.
Stating that the Islamic Republic seeks to reduce differences and strengthen unity in the Muslim world, President Rouhani said that Iran has never acted against the interests of countries in the region.
“The foreign policy of the Islamic Republic of Iran is based on establishing good ties with neighbors and strengthening stability and regional cooperation,” said the Iranian president.
Rouhani further said Iran attaches great significance to national unity, territorial integrity and development of Iraq.
The Iraqi foreign minister, for his part, said any tension between countries in the region will hurt unity among Muslim nations.
He called for the establishment of peace and security in the region, saying enemies should not be allowed to fuel tensions in the region.
It's tough being a baby. You have to learn and endless amount of things like walking, talking and making friends; heck, you even have to learn how to sleep. And just like all those other essential things, petting a cat is something that has to be learned over time.
I don't think any child is born with the ability to pet an animal. Most first attempts seem to consist of a lot of grasping and tugging at the fur. Luckily, Hazel is pretty patient and also realizes that getting her fur or tail tugged on is still attention, so it can be tolerated.
I also have to mention that today is my wife, Meghan's birthday! Meg is the best and happens to be the biggest CAAATS! fan on Earth, so it was fun posting this daughter-centric strip.
Now we come to Preventing Motor Skill Failure Through Hemisphere-Specific Priming: Cases From Choking Under Pressure. Authored by those impetuous funsters at Faculty of Sport Science, Technische Universität München, located in München, state of Bavaria, Republic of Germany.
WAKE UP! I'm talking about choking, as in sports, as in the NFL, as in San Diego Chargers, as in Philip Rivers.
According to Bleacher Report, Philip Rivers is the biggest choker in the NFL. The article was written in September, 2015. The piece says Rivers managed 24 game-winning drives. Impressive, but he's had many more game-winning opportunities, and only converted 20.8 percent of that total.
“On drives that began in the fourth quarter or overtime with a chance to take the lead or tie, Rivers has thrown 17 interceptions that has caused his team the game, ranking first in the NFL since 2004 in that category.”
Yes, harsh words, but instead of hurling hurtful stats at Rivers we might ask the party people at Technische Universität München for choke guidance. And we shall, but first you'll need background on sports-choke psychology and the many wonderful employment opportunities therein.
There have been epic chokes. Greg Norman at the 1996 Masters comes to mind. He starts the final round with a six-stroke lead, ends the final round five strokes behind the winner, Nick Faldo. In between the 1st hole and the 18th, Norman's reptilian brain decided it hates playing golf.
Nick Anderson of the Orlando Magic. It's the 1995 NBA Finals, Houston Rockets vs. Orlando Magic, 10.5 seconds left in Game 1. Anderson is awarded four free-throws in those 10.5 seconds. If he makes one, the game is closed out. Instead, Anderson misses four free-throws in a row. Orlando loses the game and series.
An epic choke is defined as one that lives on for the rest of the chokee's life. You can be 85, haunting a North Dakota dive bar, drooling beer down your chin, lunching on bar pretzels, and somebody in that bar will say, “Aren't you the guy who missed that field goal in the AFC championship game?”
Well, yes, there are other definitions. Sian Beilock is a University of Chicago psychology professor researching “the mechanisms by which performance breaks down in high-stress or high-pressure situations.” She's the author of Choke: What the Secrets of the Brain Reveal About Getting It Right When You Have To. Beilock is quoted in a UChicagoNews article as saying, “Choking is suboptimal performance, not just poor performance. It's a performance that is inferior to what you can do and have done in the past and occurs when you feel pressure to get everything right.”
The problem is thinking too much. Beilock suggests, “distracting the mind with meaningless details...or speeding up movements so the brain doesn't have time to overthink.”
On the other hand, turn to The Journal of Neuroscience and an abstract with a 16-word title, translated for us by Carolyn Gregoire of The Huffington Post, “The Johns Hopkins study found that those who hated losing the most choked when told that they stood to win the most, while those who cared more about winning choked when they stood to lose something significant.”
I'll get back to you on that.
There is a universe of websites, seminars, university sports psychology departments, labs, computer software, massage therapists, coaches, trainers, equipment vendors, astrologers, people who hate dogs, standing by to help you with choking. They have families and rent to pay, too.
And then there are the party people at Technische Universität München. Do you want to increase your performance? All right, squeeze a ball in your left hand before competition begins.
That's it.
Justin D'Ancona of Philly.com translates: “In three separate studies using semi-pro soccer players, judo experts, and badminton players, those who clenched a ball in their left hand prior to activity performed better under strenuous situations than their counterparts who held a ball in their right hand.
“The left hemisphere of the brain is responsible for...repetitive focus on stress...and the right hemisphere is connected to the performance of automated movements, like the ones used by athletes.
“The left hemisphere of the brain also controls the body movements of the right side of the body and the right hemisphere controls the body movements of the left side. So, by squeezing a ball in your left hand before competition you essentially activate the right hemisphere of the brain, making it more likely you'll rely on the skills you've worked on since you were a kid.”
Interested readers and Greg Norman may purchase a Cyber Gel Stress Ball from Amazon for $1.19.
Following her time in the clutches of Darth Vader, Doctor Aphra has barely escaped with her life. If the Dark Lord of the Sith ever learns of her survival, he'll hunt her to the ends of the galaxy. But for now, it's time for a return to what she does best. With droids Triple-Zero and BeeTee-One in tow, she's off in search of rare artifacts from the galactic center to the Outer Rim — and everywhere in between. Aphra's got debts to pay, after all. Just as long as she can stay one step ahead of the Empire, some bounty hunters…and just about everyone else in the galaxy! Collecting DOCTOR APHRA #1-6.
Following her time in the clutches of Darth Vader, Doctor Aphra has barely escaped with her life. If the Dark Lord of the Sith ever learns of her survival, he'll hunt her to the ends of the galaxy. But for now, it's time for a return to what she does best. With droids Triple-Zero and BeeTee-One in tow, she's off in search of rare artifacts from the galactic center to the Outer Rim — and everywhere in between. Aphra's got debts to pay, after all. Just as long as she can stay one step ahead of the Empire, some bounty hunters…and just about everyone else in the galaxy! Collecting DOCTOR APHRA #1-6.
Singer Miley Cyrus is calling out GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump for his 'sexist' comments about women.
The new 'Voice' coach blasted the billionaire businessman on Instagram Friday when she shared a now famous meme featuring his wife, Melania Trump, and an unflattering photo of Ted Cruz's wife Heidi juxtaposed.
'Trump can't stop won't stop saying stupid a** sexist s***!!!! Comparing two women! Are you f****** kidding! We will not allow you to destroy everything we have overcome as women! I feel as though we are stronger than ever as a unit,' the 23-year-old Wrecking Ball singer wrote in the post referring to Trump's tweet about Ted Cruz's wife.
Scroll down for video
Singer Miley Cyrus is calling out GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump for his 'sexist' comments about women
The new 'Voice' coach blasted the billionaire businessman on Instagram Friday in a post
Cyrus shared the above image along with the caption below commenting on Trump's 'sexist' comments
'We have an understanding and respect for one another (more than trump can say about anyone, his fellow candidates, other races and religions , other public figures , just HUMAN BEINGS in general, and of course animals!
'Check out his family hunting photos!!!!) it's absolute insanity that this has gone on this long and far! Wake me up from this nightmare someone PLEASE!'
This isn't the first time the former Disney star has shared her opinion about the real estate mogul.
Earlier in March, Cyrus said that Trump is 'a f***** nightmare' in another Instagram post.
Trump has refuted criticism over his comments about Cruz's wife by saying, 'Nobody has more respect for women' than him.
The latest rude comments about Heidi Cruz are raising new alarms among Republicans about the party front-runner's ability to win over women, especially in a potential fall presidential match-up with Hillary Clinton.
Earlier in March, Cyrus said that Trump is 'a f***** nightmare' in another Instagram post. Trump has refuted criticism over his comments about Cruz's wife by saying, 'Nobody has more respect for women' than him
The latest rude comments about Heidi Cruz are raising new alarms among Republicans about the party front-runner's ability to win over women, especially in a potential fall presidential match-up with Hillary Clinton
Trump is under fire for jabs at Heidi Cruz, as the rivals engage in an increasingly bitter, personal battle for the GOP presidential nomination.
He tweeted out on Saturday, however, that he respects women more than anyone else.
'The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!' he wrote.
Hostilities reached a new high on Friday when Cruz accused Trump and 'his henchmen' of stoking false rumors that he'd cheated on his wife.
'We don't want a president who traffics in sleaze and slime,' the Texas senator told reporters in Wisconsin. 'We don't want a president who seems to have a real issue with strong women.'
Trump's history of sexist comments, from his Apprentice television program to racy interviews with radio host Howard Stern, have long been seen by Republicans as a potential vulnerability, especially in a general election match-up with Clinton, who would be the country's first female president.
Mérida, 2nd December 2013 (Venezuelanalysis.com) – Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro announced a raft of new regulatory measures over the weekend as part of his ongoing “offensive” to deal with the country's economic problems.
In a television interview on Sunday evening, Maduro explained that the government's economic policies were aimed at “stabilising” the economy in order to be able to develop a “productive” economic model.
This year Venezuela has experienced shortages in several basic food and household goods, a black market dollar worth ten times the government-set exchange rate, and annual inflation of 54%.
The government argues that these problems are the product of an “economic war” being waged by business sectors and the opposition, while critics claim “government mismanagement” and state interventionist policies are to blame.
A central element of the government's approach to the situation is to crack down on abuse of currency controls and reduce the value of the black market dollar, which is creating pricing distortions.
Currency controls have been in place since 2003 to prevent capital flight, and businesses are allocated official-rate dollars (6.3 BsF = US $1) by the state to import goods for production and consumption.
Yesterday the Venezuelan president attacked the illegal business practice of requesting official rate dollars and then selling these dollars on the black market for a profit, or importing goods and then selling them for far higher than the import price.
“Only one sector does this: the parasitic bourgeoisie, that created this phenomenon [of abusing currency controls], which we're now going to reveal to the country and punish with the law,” he said.
A presidential commission is to be created with parliamentary legislators and public attorneys, who will identify and investigate companies that have abused state-granted dollars. Maduro said that “without a doubt” some public servants have also been complicit in currency scams.
An ex-official of the state's foreign exchange commission Cadivi and his son were recently convicted of setting up false companies to illegally obtain state-granted foreign currency from 2010 to 2013.
Nicolas Maduro said Sunday that companies will now have to sign public pledges in order to be able to receive official-rate dollars. Products imported with these dollars will be marked with a new green label, to guarantee that “they are products imported with the dollars of the republic and can reach the consumer at a fair price”.
A new register of small and medium businesses has been set up which excludes companies that have previously abused currency controls from being able to access state-granted dollars. Maduro argued that all of these measures are part of an effort to “transform” the currency control system, which is now overseen by the new National Centre of Foreign Trade.
Another measure to bolster Venezuela's currency, taken by the Central Bank (BCV), is to force banks to offer interest rates on saving accounts of at least 16%, up from 12.5% previously. It is hoped citizens will be encouraged to save more rather than immediately converting income into goods or foreign currencies as a means of conserving the bolivar's value.
Today the government also made official the regulation of commercial leases in shopping centres, to 250 BsF (US $40) per square meter. The aim of this measure is to reduce rental costs for mall stores so that they can offer consumers lower “fair” prices.
Speaking to press yesterday, Maduro reiterated his commitment to tackling Venezuela's oil-rentier economic model.
“There won't be socialism on a rentier, speculative, capitalist economic base. Socialism has to be constructed on the basis of labour, on real productive bases, on the generation of new wealth, on an economy fed by its own resources,” he argued.
The first British woman to return from Syria and be convicted of joining ISIS has been identified as 26-year-old mother Tareena Shakil. She was also found guilty of “encouraging acts of terrorism” via her Twitter, which she is denying.
During a two-week trial, Shakil insisted that she had only “wanted to live under Sharia law,” according to BBC News. The jury at the Birmingham Crown Court didn't buy that once they saw the tweets in question, which included urges to “take up arms,” photos of the black ISIS flag, and statements of Shakil's desire to become a martyr for the cause.
The most damning photos may have been those of Shakil's toddler son, who was posed in an ISIS-branded balaclava that his mother insisted was only on his head because he “loved hats.”
Ultimately, she said, she left for Syria because of an “unhappy” family life, but, “I came back of my own free will. I came back because I realized I had made a mistake.”
A spokesperson for the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children summed it up like this: “It is inconceivable that a mother would be willing to put her child in such a dangerous situation, potentially exposing him to harm and even death.”
[image via screengrab]
For more from Lindsey, follow her on Twitter.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Story highlights The suspect "took out his hand and simulated as if he was shooting," commissioner says
Two women were shot while police tried to subdue an "emotionally disturbed" man
The man was walking into traffic, apparently trying to be hit, police said
New York police have brought a variety of charges against the "emotionally disturbed" man they say triggered a police shooting near Times Square that wounded two bystanders.
Officers fired three shots at 35-year-old Glenn Broadnax in the Saturday night confrontation a block west of the famous tourist district, hitting two women on a nearby corner in the process, a police statement said Sunday. Broadnax was walking into traffic in front of the Port Authority bus terminal, apparently trying to be hit by cars, Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said.
He dodged police who tried to take him into custody, then mimicked shooting a gun at officers, prompting the officers to return fire with real bullets, Kelly said.
"At some time he reached into his pocket, took out his hand and simulated as if he was shooting at them," Kelly told reporters late Saturday.
Two officers fired three shots before the unarmed Broadnax was brought down with a Taser, the NYPD said. He has been charged with menacing, obstructing governmental administration, riot, criminal possession of a controlled substance, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, the NYPD said in a statement issued Sunday morning. Those charges may change once he goes to court, however.
JUST WATCHED Cops wound bystanders near Times Square Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cops wound bystanders near Times Square 01:30
A 54-year-old woman was shot in the knee and a 37-year-old was grazed in the buttocks, police said. Earlier, they had said the younger victim was 35.
The woman with the knee wound was listed in stable condition, while the other woman was treated and released overnight, hospital officials told CNN.
Later, NYPD Sgt. Lee Jones said that the 54-year-old victim underwent surgery for a gunshot wound to her right leg.
Broadnax was taken to Manhattan's Bellevue Hospital "as an emotionally disturbed person," the NYPD said. An investigation into the shooting was under way, Kelly said.
A witness said Broadnax appeared to have been hit by a cab and was running around trying to get to the driver when police tried to stop him.
"The guy was in the middle of the street in oncoming traffic and the cops were trying to get him out of the road," Kerri-Ann Nesbeth told CNN. She said the incident left her stunned.
"I hear stories when people don't even know they are shot, so I checked myself and realized it was all clear," she said.
It's the second high-profile case in about a year in which NYPD officers have shot bystanders after opening fire in a busy public space. Police wounded nine pedestrians outside the Empire State Building during an August 2012 gun battle with a man who had just killed a former co-worker. Officers also killed the gunman.
India
One of the Neighbors
As in any Indian town, street dogs are prominent residents of my hometown, too.
My younger brother once brought home two stray puppies, whom we named Jimmy and Tommy. Tommy died young from rabies, but Jimmy survived. He had a shiny black coat and an adorable disposition.
Every day when I came home from college, he would run to me with his tail wagging and jump all over me in joy. It was unadulterated love. He became a part of our life and a part of our neighbors' families as well. He would go to one neighbor for lunch, take a nap on another's porch and have dinner at his own house (i.e., ours). He lived a quasi-street-dog life.
Sadly, a few years later, he died from rabies as well, leaving us heartbroken. These stray puppies are growing up to be the future Tommies and Jimmies. – SOMA CHOWDHURY
http://www.appnearme.com/micronfcboard/
Follow projects updates on Twitter: @AppNearMe
Like us on Facebook
What is MicroNFCBoard?
MicroNFCBoard is an integrated development platform that makes it easy to use Near Field Communication or NFC (What is NFC? see below for more info). It contains a NFC transceiver, a microcontroller and all the software you need to use NFC.
It can be used with an Arduino, Raspberry Pi, mbed or PC/Mac. There is also a powerful ARM Cortex-M0 microcontroller onboard so it can work on its own and you can connect a bunch of things to the board using its various peripherals.
MicroNFCBoard
What NFC features does the board support?
The board supports the three main NFC modes with a straightforward API (no need to be a NFC expert):
Tag reading/writing (types 1, 2, 3 and 4)
Peer-to-peer (Android Beam/SNEP)
Tag emulation (type 4)
You can select which mode to use or you can enable multiple modes at once (for instance tag reading and peer-to-peer).
The software shipped with the board allows you to encode or decode NFC data in the following formats (NDEF - NFC Data Exchange Format):
URL/URI
Text
Bluetooth pairing info
MIME Type + data
In tag reading/writing mode, you can communicate with passive NFC tags.
Tag emulation allows you to emulate a NFC tag and encode its content when the reader/writer (a phone for instance) on the other end tries to read it.
In peer-to-peer mode (Android Beam-compatible) you can send and receive messages over NFC.
What is it compatible with?
MicroNFCBoard is compatible with:
Arduino - we will provide an Arduino library; your Arduino can be connected to the board via the SPI bus
Raspberry Pi, PC & MAC - we will provide a Python library to control the board via USB
mbed - we will provide a mbed C++ API
It can be used on its own by programming the onboard ARM micro-controller
For each platform we will provide a set of demo programs.
Our Python API can run on Linux, Windows, Mac or a Raspberry Pi
What about some demos?
So far we have built the following demos (featured in our video):
Piloting a robot with NFC tags
Transferring a Youtube video from an Android phone to a Raspberry Pi
Controlling a mood lamp in real time with an Android phone
Visualising light and temperature sensors' data in real-time with an Android phone
Log in to your Raspberry Pi using NFC tags or your NFC phone (see video below)
Is it open source?
If the campaign is successful we will release the board's firmware under an open-source license. We will also make the board's schematics and design open-source too.
How is it different from other boards?
Many NFC-enabled boards (mostly built around the PN532 chip) and readers are available online, however the software that can be used with them is very limited, especially with an Arduino. MicroNFCBoard has an onboard microcontroller that takes care of all NFC-related processing (including critical timings) and offers support for all NFC modes with an easy-to-use API. You can also add your own code on the microcontroller to use the board in an autonomous fashion! Finally, we will provide AppNearMe mode which is unique.
What is AppNearMe mode?
AppNearMe mode allows you to easily visualise your device's inputs and control its outputs through a NFC-enabled Android app. You only have to "describe" these inputs/outputs in your code and choose which type of widgets to display on the app. AppNearMe mode makes it really easy to add an external UI to your project.
How can I program the onboard microcontroller?
The board is mbed-enabled, which means you can use the mbed online IDE and libraries to create programs for the board. To flash the board, connect it to your computer via USB and it will appear as a mass storage device onto which you can drag 'n' drop your program.
Code Sample
This example shows how to receive content from Android Beam (SNEP). This is the low level code that runs on the board but our high-level API will be made simpler.
What is NFC?
Near Field Communication or NFC is a radio technology that allows two devices to exchange data by touching each other.
More info can be found here on Wikipedia.
What are the board's specs?
NXP PN512 NFC transceiver
Full NFC Forum compliant solution
Reader/Writer mode supporting ISO14443A/Mifare and FeliCa scheme
Card Operation mode supporting ISO14443A/Mifare and FeliCa scheme
NFCIP-1 mode
NXP LPC11U34FHN33/421 MCU
48MHz, 10KB RAM, 48KB FLASH, 4KB EEPROM
USB Device, SPI, I2C, UART, 4xADC, GPIO
Prototyping form-factor
20-pin 0.1" pitch DIP package, 35x100mm
Splittable antenna
5V USB, 3.6-6V or 3.3V supply
Built-in USB drag 'n' drop FLASH programmer
Reset and bootloader enable push-buttons
2 LEDs on board
mbed.org Developer Website
Lightweight Online Compiler
High level C/C++ SDK
Cookbook of published libraries and projects
Partner for the Japanese market
We partnered with Switch Science to provide documentation and support for the Japanese Market. You might know them already as they manufacture the Rapiro robot! Once the Kickstarter campaign's delivery is complete they will be manufacturing and distributing MicroNFCBoard for the Japanese market using a Sony NFC transceiver.
Delivery plan
Different PCBs and prototypes
On successful completion of the campaign - August
We will arrange the manufacturing of a limited pre-production batch with our manufacturer to ensure that everything is set for production. We will also submit our test plan and ship some testing devices for the manufacturer to use on the production lines. If the preproduction run is satisfactory we will place the order for the factory to start production!
At the same time we will ship all NFC tag rewards and hand soldered boards. We will be working with London-based RapidNFC to deliver you some nice NFC tags.
September-October
We will ship the boards as soon as the first batch is out of the manufacturer's factory.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc.
Inspired by the wide variety of teacher memes making their way around the interweb, I decided to add a little snark to my first-day-of-school overview of class procedures with some personalized memes that will be impossible for students to ignore.
The Meme Generator at IMPFlip.com is a handy little tool if you want to give this a try, but I ended up making all of my own from scratch, so to speak. All you need to do is paste the background image you want into a Word document or PowerPoint slide and type with the “Impact” font that comes standard on most Microsoft products. Impact is the hipsters' universally recognized meme font of choice, I was told by two teen girls wearing chunky black-framed reading glasses. So, you know, I have it from the source. If you don't have “Impact” in your font library, you can download it free here for both Mac and PC.
Directing the meme characters to say all of the unfiltered things I want to say to my students (but edit for the sake of professionalism) was surprisingly cathartic. A few of my creations were too catty to include in the final lecture presentation (this will be given on the first day of school, after all, and I don't want to terrify the darlings), but it sure felt good to release some of my psyche's silent screamers.
A sampling of the memes that made the final cut and will be included as lecture backdrop on the first day of school:
Feel free to grab any of these or be inspired to make your own.
Teach on, everyone!
MY grandad joined the Navy at 18, yet it wasn't until his eighties, in his last few years, that he opened up about his wartime experiences.
And every Remembrance Day, I'm reminded of the one story that haunted him and continues to haunt me.
As a baby-faced 19-year-old from Garngad, he landed on the Normandy beaches on D-Day “plus one”, under orders to get bedded in somewhere safe. He spotted a secure-looking house in the distance, and as the landing craft beached he ran towards it: in his own words, “took tae his heels and ran hell fur leather”.
Arriving there, he burst in and bolted up the stairs without a thought for anything but safety. There, he came face-to-face with a young soldier, identical in all respects but for his German uniform. They stared at each other for only seconds; a mutual fear in their eyes. The terrified man thrust a small object into my granda's hand, and ran off at full pelt. When my granda opened his hand, it contained the man's wedding ring.
He never knew what became of the German soldier.
My granda had seen the liberation of Berlin, but he'd also seen things no one should ever have to see. He'd seen men “do things they should never have to do”. For my grandfather, there was no glory in war. There were vulnerable, impressionable youths on both sides, with sweethearts and families waiting anxiously for news of them, as their leaders plotted their schemes. He never took part in a Remembrance Day parade. He had nothing to do with the British Legion.
He kept no friends from his Navy days. The positive things he took from the war were the NHS and the welfare state we won afterwards, which allowed his children to survive curable diseases and go into further education – rights that had been denied to his own siblings.
Other veterans of that generation have objected to the use of the poppy and Remembrance Day to “glorify war” and justify modern conflicts. For many, the use of the poppy by politicians to validate the UK's current follies in the Middle East or vindicate the “war on terror” is too much to bear.
In that context, I don't think my granda would thank me for remembering him with a red poppy. So I've never worn one as an adult, and I'm not going to start now.
I don't judge poppy-wearers. I have no doubt that most of those who wear the poppy are decent people who believe, rightly or wrongly, that they're honouring those who fought fascism and oppression in the name of a free society.
So let me make my point clear: I'm not against the voluntary act of wearing poppies, or any act of remembrance for the victims of war.
However, what I do oppose is “compulsory poppyism”, a ruthless and intolerant ideology imposed by a dedicated and vocal pro-poppy minority. This group wants to impose a compulsory participation in a national ritual that nobody who wants any influence in society can avoid.
Compulsory poppyism isn't always organised. It nonetheless commands a significant lobbying power, especially in the media, and it uses the power of a gesture to silence criticism of British military history. Anyone wishing to command influence in any part of our society is expected to abide by its rules, with the risk of banishment for those who don't conform. Since the act itself is small and superficial, most tend to go along with it. Jeremy Corbyn, a long-time white poppy-wearer and a man for whom I have great respect, has become the latest to be forced to bow down to the lobby.
The pro-poppy lobby like to pretend the act is voluntary. This means that anyone who criticises the ideology looks as if they are criticising every good-hearted individual who chooses to pin one to their breast. But that's the problem. The wave of criticism I will no doubt face for writing this piece simply serves to highlight the point: it's not really “voluntary” – any more than bowing to Queen, or the American act of pledging allegiance to the flag. If you want influence in business, politics or even sport, you don't want to be ostracised as unpatriotic.
SO obviously it would be easier for me to say nothing, and just wear it. But I think the topic needs healthy debate. So let me be clear again, I'm not against poppy-wearers. I'm against compulsory poppyism and the pro-poppy lobby who impose it.
When, for instance, a mid-level English Premiership footballer like James McClean won't wear a poppy, tabloids almost encourage fans to racially abuse him; when he receives death threats there's no criticism or sanction. McClean, firstly, is a footballer, not a statesman. Second, he is Irish, not British. True, he grew up in an area, Derry, that technically belongs to the United Kingdom. But for most people in Derry, the British armed forces don't mean fighting fascism, it means killing unarmed civil rights protesters.
McClean specifically says he would wear the poppy if it only commemorated the First and Second World Wars. But it doesn't. It also commemorates policing of Derry and the repeated violation of other nations' sovereignty. Surely we can all agree it's perfectly reasonable for James McClean not to wear the poppy jersey? Those who throw the most mud at him want to celebrate everything to do with the British armed forces. But they want to smear those who won't conform to their narrative of history as being “unwilling” to memorialise the brave stand against fascism.
For me, McClean is not being disrespectful. I don't conflate ordinary poppy wearers with (Scottish) “Butcher” General Haig, the ultimate villain of the BBC's tragic Blackadder Goes Forth. Haig, commemorated in name by the poppy appeal, helped impose the muddy, pointless death of trench warfare and deserves no honour in death. By the same token then, those who refuse to wear it shouldn't be attacked for a legitimate choice.
The compulsory poppyists claim it's about remembrance, but often it's about the opposite: compulsory forgetting. My granda's experience is forgotten. Anti-war opponents of the First World War, jailed for their pacifist beliefs, are forgotten. The anti-fascist activities that Britain's leaders deeply disapproved of, from Spanish republicans to Greek partisans, are forgotten. Victims of British colonialism and the slave trade are forgotten. Forget them all, and honour General Haig: such is the message of the compulsory poppyism, and that's what I oppose.
I'm sure most wearing poppies this month are doing so for the right reasons. Above all, to commemorate the post-war welfare state that was our grandparents' reward for their sacrifice. Ironically enough, the pro-poppy lobby always seem to be the first who want to condemn these small post-war decencies to the fire.
This year, I'll wear a white poppy – not because I think I'm morally superior or have a more righteous view. It's simply my own way of remembering my granda, his generation, and all the victims of war, be it soldiers or economic conscripts from home, or civilian fatalities abroad. I don't want another generation to be haunted by the experience of war like previous ones have been. So,
My final message is this: wear a red poppy if you want to, but let's remember there's honour on both sides of this debate.
Jeb Bush may look and sound like a clown, but we have to take him seriously. He is the frontrunner - so far - for the Republican nomination to contest the US presidential election. By the end of next year, he could become the most powerful man in the world.
Jeb Bush may look and sound like a clown, but we have to take him seriously. He is the frontrunner - so far - for the Republican nomination to contest the US presidential election. By the end of next year, he could become the most powerful man in the world.
So what has he to say about the brilliant speech in which Pope Francis warned about the threat posed by climate change to the human race?
He says that although he is a Catholic, he doesn't care what the Pope says. In other words, the world in general and the United States in particular can carry on with the over-consumption which has brought about the looming catastrophe.
It can still be averted, but very narrowly and only if the world adopts the (quite painful) measures necessary to prevent the global temperature rising by more than two degrees.
Can it be done in the face of the enormous and influential - and lavishly funded - lobby which denies that climate change is happening at all? Possible, if only barely possible.
Opinions have changed, even in the United States. Lately, 400,000 people marched in New York to demand action against global warming. That reminded me of earlier protests. A million people took to the streets of London in opposition to the invasion of Iraq. The figure in Dublin was 100,000 - a neat reflection of the two cities' relative populations.
But those who rule the planet - and how badly they rule it! - took no notice. They played 'Lanigan's Ball': out again, in again. The continuing conflict in the Middle East is now wider, more bitter and more destructive than it was when the last Bush president, George W, proclaimed "mission accomplished".
We have now reached a point where there can be no satisfactory solution. Probably the best we can hope for is a series of wars culminating in a redrawing of frontiers and further huge transfers of population.
These transfers have recently taken on a particularly appalling aspect. Thousands upon thousands of people are trying to flee the war zones. They pay traffickers large sums to afford them passage across the Mediterranean in unseaworthy vessels. At least 1,000 of them have drowned. Those who make it to Europe are held, often in deplorable conditions, and threatened with deportation.
Thankfully, some countries have shown that human feelings still exist. Several have sent naval vessels to rescue migrants and take them to the safety of (usually) Italy. In Ireland, we can be proud that one of these ships, LÉ Eithne, is Irish. Its crew have saved huge numbers of people.
However, most European countries still behave as if, for various alleged reasons, they cannot accommodate the migrants. One result has been the grotesque scenes in Calais.
There and elsewhere, the migrants are taking hair-raising risks. They think them justified because it is simply no longer possible to live in their home countries.
They also know that prospects throughout the Middle East are worsening and will continue to worsen even in the event of a settlement.
Few in the West know anything about the Kurds. But the Kurds are a formidable people, numbered in millions in Iraq, Syria, Turkey and Iran.
They have done most of the fighting in the war against Isil. They have created what amounts to an independent state and will fight again to preserve it.
Against this background of endless and expanding wars, what of Europe, that "zone of peace"?
The ancient East-West frontiers have grown fragile again. Nato and Russia are playing dangerous games. Even in prosperous and supposedly stable countries we can see the revival of far-right and far-left organisations. The EU has walked itself into a trap, unable to go forward but equally unable to go back. And then there's Greece.
It's fashionable to blame the Greeks, especially Alexis Tsipras and Yanis Varoufakis, for their own misfortunes. But it was earlier Greek governments that created the financial crisis. And it was the European Union that brought Greece into the EU - for strategic reasons, closing its eyes to the dreadful state of the country's finances.
Now Greece stands on the brink. Not just in terms of failing to reach agreement with its creditors. Not just in terms of whether or not to leave the Eurozone. At stake now is the survival of Greece as a democratic country.
Tsipras and Varoufakis are unfairly mocked. Do the grandees of the European Central Bank or the International Monetary Fund think they can find something better? The greatest - and a terrifying - danger is not a left-wing government but a fascist dictatorship.
Often in the past, great minds were set to pondering how to prevent wars and other disasters. Sometimes they succeeded, often they failed.
Where are the great minds of the 21st century? Certainly not in the White House or the Kremlin. Can we settle for second best - someone who understands how to wield power?
Angela Merkel has power. Does she know how to use it, or can she see no farther than German interests? Can she grasp the magnitude of Europe's economic troubles and their scary political implications and devise - or impose - a solution?
Nobody else can.
Irish Independent
Yesterday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Reportedly begins shipping iPhone X to Stores with Foxconn Production now up to 400,000 Units per Week." The report noted that Apple's iPhone X production had increased 4X per week from 100,000 units to 400,000. In the coming weeks production is likely to continue to make dramatic increases. Today more news is surfacing to explain why production is finally ramping up and will continue to ramp up. A new supply chain report published today states that yield rates for certain iPhone X components have improved and are becoming more stable. The shipments of the iPhone X are set to grow substantially after October, sources confirm.
The report further noted that with production yield rates for certain key components such as 3D sensing modules improving, shipments of the device have increased gradually and will meet Apple's demand ahead of the Christmas and New Year's holidays, the sources indicated," contrary to the doom and gloom rumor reports that have plagued the Apple blogosphere for weeks.
The report added that "Chip deliveries for the iPhone X have been on schedule up to now, according to sources at analog IC vendors, which claimed they started to fulfill their orders for the device as scheduled in the third quarter. They were not aware of any production delays or shipment cutbacks as alleged in media reports, according to the sources.
On the whole, chip orders for new iPhone devices will grow through the fourth quarter of 2017, and will begin to slow down in the first quarter of the following year, the sources continued.
Lastly the report cautioned that "the later availability of the iPhone X may not follow the same pattern if pre-orders for the device exceed expectations, other industry sources have remarked. There is still uncertainty about actual demand for the new Apple product, according to the sources."
About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or negative behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.
Share
Well, folks, it's here. The final day to grab Windows 10 for free.
It was a year ago today — Friday, July 29 — that Windows 10 first launched with the yearlong promise that it would be a free upgrade for users still on Windows 7, 8, or 8.1. That year has now passed — as indicated by the impending release of the Windows 10 Anniversary Update.
If you're not sure how to claim your update, go read our guide. But we're guessing you're well aware that Microsoft wants you to get up to date. The company's increasingly prominent upgrade notifications have nagged many users to make the leap.
Should you upgrade? We think so! The latest version of Windows 10 is the best desktop operating system so far, capable of everything earlier versions could do, and much more. We're particularly fond of Task View, which greatly enhances window management, and the Action Center, which has developed into a superb notification center that can connect with most platforms, including big ones like Facebook and Slack.
And the price for refusing to upgrade now is high. If you decide to stick with an older version of Windows, you'll have to pay $120 for a full retail copy for Windows 10 Home, or $200 for a retail copy of Windows 10 Pro. There may be a lower upgrade price revealed now that the free upgrade is going away — but we don't know what that would be, yet. Anyone who grabs the free upgrade will also be eligible for all the future Windows 10 updates.
If you don't upgrade, your computer is living on borrowed time. Windows 7 has already passed its mainstream support date, and it won't receive any updates — including critical security updates — after 1/14/2020. Windows 8 and 8.1 lose mainstream support on 1/9/2018, and extended support on 1/10/2023.
So, what are you waiting for? Grab your free update now, before it's too late!
For my parents' 26th anniversary, I decided to convert an online religious text they read into a beautiful, well-typeset book.
The online text was built by volunteers using an archaic version of Microsoft Word and looks like this:
Anyone who has read science or math literature is exposed to the high-quality output LaTeX produces.
Fortunately LaTeX's abilities extend far beyond the domain of mathematical symbols.
I was able to combine Clojure's excellent HTML processing infrastructure (enlive) and LaTeX to produce a nice looking document.
The entire process took a few hours.
Here are two pages from the final output:
This blog post contains latex and clojure snippets to produce that output. I am not good at designing books or combining typefaces and would appreciate advice.
The LaTeX Pieces
The inspiration for this book came from this TeX StackExchange thread.
A user was working on replicating a 16th century bible (img from LaTeX Stack Exchange):
Using that piece as inspiration, I converged on the following theme:
A garamond typeface - I think they fit the theme of religious texts quite well. Fortunately a nice package ebgaramond makes it easy to typeset your entire document in this beautiful font.
1 \usepackage { ebgaramond }
is all you need to put in your LaTeX document.
Liberal use of ornaments on page-borders, special pages etc.
The pgfornament package comes with very beautiful ornaments. When combined with TikZ, a seasoned user can create very sophisticated and professional documents.
I am not a seasoned user so I was perfect satisfied with using something out-of-the-box. Each page in the book was going to have these ornaments in the page-corners:
The pgfornaments package combined with eso-pic allows you to achieve exactly that.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 \makeatletter \AddToShipoutPicture { % \begingroup \setlength { \@ tempdima }{ 2mm } % \setlength { \@ tempdimb }{ \paperwidth - \@ tempdima-2cm } % \setlength { \@ tempdimc }{ \paperheight - \@ tempdima } % \put ( \LenToUnit { \@ tempdima } , \LenToUnit { \@ tempdimc } ) { % \pgfornament [anchor=north west,width=2cm] { 63 }} \put ( \LenToUnit { \@ tempdima } , \LenToUnit { \@ tempdima } ) { % \pgfornament [anchor=south west,width=2cm,symmetry=h] { 63 }} \put ( \LenToUnit { \@ tempdimb } , \LenToUnit { \@ tempdimc } ) { % \pgfornament [anchor=north east,width=2cm,symmetry=v] { 63 }} \put ( \LenToUnit { \@ tempdimb } , \LenToUnit { \@ tempdima } ) { % \pgfornament [anchor=south east,width=2cm,symmetry=c] { 63 }} \endgroup } \makeatother
Next, I decided that each chapter would begin at a new-page.
Chapter numbers and subtitles (if any) would be adorned above and below with ornaments. Essentially I was going for:
Note that the ornaments in the corner are the result of eso-pic.
The borders in the north, south, east and west, and the styling around the chapter title are accomplished by:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
ewpage
ewgeometry { left=0cm,bottom=0cm,top=0cm,right=0cm } \begin { tikzpicture } [remember picture, overlay]
ode [anchor=north] at (current page.north) { \pgfornament [width=6cm,symmetry=h] { 46 }} ;
ode [anchor=south] at (current page.south) { \pgfornament [width=6cm] { 46 }} ;
ode [anchor=north,rotate=90] at (current page.west) { \pgfornament [width=6cm,symmetry=h] { 46 }} ;
ode [anchor=north,rotate=-90] at (current page.east) { \pgfornament [width=6cm,symmetry=h] { 46 }} ;
ode [inner sep=6pt] (chapter) at (current page.center) { \Huge Chapter I } ;
ode [inner sep=12pt, below of=chapter, text width=10cm, align=center, outer sep=12pt] (title1) { } ;
ode [inner sep=12pt, below of=title1, text width=10cm, align=center, outer sep=12pt] (title) { Salutations -- The Story of Grinding Wheat and Its Philosophical Significance } ;
ode [anchor=north] at (title.south) { \pgfornament [width=5cm] { 60 }} ;
ode [anchor=south] at (chapter.north) { \pgfornament [width=5cm,symmetry=h] { 49 }} ; \end { tikzpicture }
ewpage \restoregeometry
This forms the template for the book. Next, we populate the contents.
The Clojure Pieces
Enlive is a fantastic HTML parsing library for clojure. The hierarchical structure of HTML is captured in a clojure map:
To transform a single chapter, we traverse this map (tree) and transform the text as is appropriate. This is governed by where in the document the text occurs.
After manually inspecting a few chapters, I made a small table that mapped root - leaf paths in the DOM to handlers that would transform the text.
In clojure this can be succintly described as so:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ( defn convert-chapter-parse ([ a-map ] ( ->> ( convert-chapter-parse a-map []) flatten ( apply str ))) ([ a-map parent-path ] ( let [ current-node-path ( conj parent-path ( if ( = ( :tag a-map ) :body ) [( :tag a-map )] [( :tag a-map ) ( :attrs a-map )])) node-contents ( :content a-map )] ( map ( fn [ an-item ] ( if ( map? an-item ) ( convert-chapter-parse an-item current-node-path ) ( let [ fixed-item ( -> an-item ( StringEscapeUtils/unescapeHtml3 ) ( string/replace # "\&" ( Matcher/quoteReplacement "\\&" )))] ( format-content fixed-item current-node-path )))) node-contents ))))
Essentially you keep track of where you are in the tree (relative to the root element) and then fetch a function from a table that transforms your text appropriately.
The table itself looks like this:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 [[ :body ] [ :p nil ]] identity [[ :body ] [ :p nil ] [ :font { :size 5 }]] identity [[ :body ] [ :p nil ] [ :b nil ]] ( fn [ text ] ( str "\\section*{" text "}" ))
Simple.
Run this on the entire book and I managed to have a neatly typeset book hosted here.
Remarks
While a seemingly simple exercise (under 100 lines of code), html allows you to get the same output with different templating. I noticed that converting 10 chapters at a time and inspecting the batch for quirks was a better approach for measuring coverage.
LaTeX isn't particularly fond of how HTML, MS Word etc use / handle double quotes, apostrophes and so on. I have a couple of string/replace functions but it clearly wasn't enough to deal with the entire book. This is a problem that can only be solved by actually reading the book.
Overall, this turned out to be a really appreciated gift.
While doing my normal scan through various sites that are known to push unwanted programs, I ran across a new version of a Chrome extension family that hijacks searches done on Google and other search engines. In addition to hijacking searches, this new variant, called "Affirmativo - Keep Safe!", also removes web site content that contains the string "Trump". This behavior, though, is not indicated in the extension's description shown below.
Chrome Store Page for this Extension
While filtering out web content about President Trump is not new, this is the first time I have seen an unwanted program performing this behavior without a user's knowledge. Furthermore, it is unknown whether this behavior is being used to prevent readers from seeing negative stories about Trump, or on the flip side, positive stories about him.
Removing Trump from the Web
When the Affirmativo - Keep Safe! extension is installed it will perform a case-insensitive search for the string "Trump" and make it so the string's container is not displayed. This will effectively remove any paragraph, or even an entire page, that contains the word Trump. You can see this behavior in action with the video below.
As you can see in one of the extension's scripts below, it searches for the word Trump and if detected, applies the jQuery fadeout effect to the matched containers in order to hide the text from the page.
Trump Filter Script
When it removes content that contains the word "Trump", it will also increment a counter that keeps track of all "Trumps removed". This counter can be seen in the extension options.
Extension Options
Hijacking your Web Search
While the removal of Trump content makes this extension stand out more than the other variants in this family, the main goal of this extension is to hijack search queries done on popular search engines and from the Chrome's address bar. When installed, if a user searches on Google, Bing, Ask.com, Aol.com, Wow.com, Searchlock.com, and Duckduckgo.com, instead of the search results being returned from the search engine, the user is instead redirected to Yahoo. It is unknown why this behavior is occuring, but my guess is that the developers probably have a revenue share on the ads shown in the Yahoo search results.
The extension's script that is performing this behavior can be seen below. As you can see if a user performs a search on any of the listed search engines, the query will instead be sent first to allgfind.com, which then currently redirects to Yahoo.com.
Search Redirect Script
For those who may have this extension installed, or are exhibiting similar behavior, you can try removing the extension. If that does not help, you can use our Affirmativo - Keep Safe! Chrome Extension Removal Guide.
Mouhamadou Taffa pauses after making a fresh drink.
"I think this is a great location," said the Nigerian immigrant, who, along with his wife Michelle Myrie, opened The Juice Kitchen on Concession Street in May. "I think Concession Street is coming up big and is going to be a great place in Hamilton in the future."
It also has lots of foot traffic, on which his business relies.
Across the street, Stephanie Scheid is busy at Ideal Vapes, a vaping shop that she opened with her son Kaelan Doel in July.
"We moved up here from Locke Street," she said. "There was no other vape store in the BIA so we figured it was time for our business to be here."
The two businesses are among 10 new operators that have opened their doors in the Concession Street Business Improvement Area since January.
"There's definitely been a lot of interest and growth in the community," said BIA executive director Cristina Geissler. "We're definitely getting a mix of diversified businesses moving into the area."
The new businesses feature a mix of food and beverage, retail, health and beauty, and service providers.
Geissler noted two more new businesses, both salons, are planning to open their doors in the coming weeks and a local pizza establishment will be expanding in September.
In addition, three businesses moved to new locations on the street earlier this year.
Let's be honest, OnePlus news probably isn't going to stop until the OnePlus One is in the hands of the public. With the phone's May 21st launch (for invited customers, May 28th for general customers) in China, Chinese media outlets are starting get their hands on the device and we are starting their take on it.
There was an unboxing post for the OnePlus already, but only the CyanogenMod version of the device. The OnePlus is supposed to run not only CyanogenMod, but also ColorOS, Smartisan OS or MIUI v5 if the customer so chooses. These appear to be the first images and videos of the ColorOS version of the phone.
You can check it out below, as well as some unboxing images of the device. No word on if the other ROMs will be available at launch.
As an added bonus, here is a new AnTuTu score for the OnePlus. An AnTuTu score of the device leaked in the middle of last month, but with more people getting their hands on the device we should see an increase in the number of people testing their devices on AnTuTu and we should get a better idea of how the device performs in the real world.
In this particular test, the OnePlus seems to have scored 2000 points less than it's pre-reveal “leak” earlier this month, but that isn't surprising. The image doesn't specify which ROM the device is running, (it comes from a different source than the images) it could have a different software configuration, or it could be due to slight variations in each unit. Regardless, its score of over 36,617 still put it comfortably in front of the Samsung Note 3 and Galaxy S5 and the HTC One m8's AnTuTu X score (that is, the AnTuTu score after accounting for HTC's “optimization feature“).
[Source: 1
Indonesian man jailed for two-and-a-half years for writing ‘God doesn't exist' on his Facebook page
An Indonesian man was jailed for 30 months after writing "God doesn't exist" on his Facebook page.
Alexander Aan, 30, was imprisoned on Thursday for sharing explicit material about the Prophet Mohammed online.
He started an atheist group on Facebook on which he shared comic strips of the prophet having sex with his servant, a court in western Sumatra heard today.
Alexander Aan, 30, waits in the jail holding area during his verdict at the Muaro Sijunjung district court in West Sumatra today
He was found guilty of 'deliberately spreading information inciting religious hatred and animosity', presiding judge Eka Prasetya Budi Dharma told the Muaro Sijunjung district court in western Sumatra.
Aan also uploaded three articles on his Facebook account, including one describing the prophet being attracted to his daughter-in-law.
'Under the Electronic Information and Transactions law, we sentence him to prison for a length of two years and six months,' Dharma said.
'What he did has caused anxiety to the community and tarnished Islam.'
Aan listens to the judges before being jailed for 30 months for setting up an atheist Facebook group, writing "God doesn't exist" on his Facebook page, and for sharing explicit material about the Prophet Mohammed online
Aan was beaten by an angry mob and arrested by police in his hometown of Pulau Punjung in western Sumatra in January after posting the material online and declaring himself an atheist.
The court had earlier indicted Aan with two other charges - persuading others to embrace atheism and blasphemy.
Alexander Aan has been jailed for setting up an atheist Facebook group
Prosecutors had sought a three-and-a-half-year jail term for him.
But the court convicted him of the most serious charge and dropped the other two.
Aan's arrest sparked outrage among Indonesians and international activists, who showed their support on his Facebook group and circulated petitions to have his charges dropped.
Indonesia, the world's largest Muslim-majority nation, guarantees freedom of religion in its constitution and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, but only recognises six faiths: Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, Catholicism, Protestantism and Confucianism
The sizeable box office success of Marvel and director James Gunn's Guardians Of The Galaxy continued a winning streak for the studio that goes back to film number one, when it put its own money behind Iron Man. It's an extraordinary success story, where time after time a nine figure gamble is made, and the jackpot is hit. Nobody is expecting that not to happen again with next year's Avengers sequel, that Joss Whedon recently wrapped production on.
It's little secret that pretty much every major studio is now building a cinematic universe off the back of the Marvel model. Disney has another, with Star Wars, whilst Fox is playing with X-Men and Fantastic Four. Sony is juggling Spider-Man. Universal has put a classic monsters universe into motion. Warner Bros is lining up its DC properties, even if it's not naming most of them yet. Even Paramount was looking to do a spin-off from its recent Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit movie, before its muted box office put pay to that. But you can bet it's looking at similar spin-offs elsewhere.
Yet even when studios have had some success with cinematic universes, and there's a sense that Fox made a real breakthrough this year with X-Men: Days Of Future Past, none of them come anywhere close to the marketing stronghold in particular that Marvel seems to hold.
This is particularly evident when a new film comes around, and Marvel's machine is particularly well oiled in this regard. You're all likely to be familiar with the process. The early press screening of the film has an embargo on it, prohibiting reviews from running until a certain date. However, Twitter reactions tend to be encouraged. Thus, for pretty much every Marvel film, the initial swarm of Twitter responses is hugely positive. Articles compiling these reactions follow, and the balloon of hype gets yet more air.
Then the reviews proper land. Because there's a worldwide embargo in place, and because Marvel tries to get as many presses in to see its films early, the effect of this is that hundreds of reviews land online within minutes of each other. Even if there are naysayers in there, it's often very hard to find them.
For there's such enthusiasm for what Marvel does, that there's a major thread of positivity for the movies. Granted, the quality of the films themselves has much to do with that. But what's interesting is that when a Marvel film lands on DVD/Blu-ray/on demand, you get a far more critical assessment. Thor: The Dark World is the most obvious example of this, where many some of those four-star reviews had sunk to a three on reflection.
This groundswell of enthusiasm following by a deeper, later reflection is, in truth, part and parcel of a broader trend with blockbuster movies at the moment. But it seems particularly pronounced with Marvel. No studio has harnessed fan interest and positivity as compellingly, and every announcement is savoured.
We're guilty of good chunks of this, we should note. And it's at the point now where publicity for the studio is generated without it even having to do anything. The other week, for instance, Joaquin Phoenix was linked with the role of Doctor Strange. That was the first bit of the story. But then, the web was ignited again when someone said they'd seen Phoenix buying Doctor Strange comic books. Done deal, it seemed. Free publicity for a new Marvel movie, without it lifting a finger.
Even when Marvel has a blip, it's temporary. It's ridden out, for the time being at least, the backlash of sorts when Edgar Wright departed Ant-Man earlier this year, having developed the project for the best part of a decade. By the time the first official production still is released, Marvel's marketing dark arts will have the enthusiasm levels pumped right back up, we suspect.
Marvel has, though, earned its position. It's shown a way to push and promote films that actually talks to fans, and respects them for the most part. You don't have to like all the movies to enjoy hearing Kevin Feige, for instance, talking about them. Its filmmakers have an infectious love of the material they're dealing with too, and there's a perception that if we turned up at their houses, they'd be the first to get the kettle on.
The truth is some way away from that of course. Marvel does have a bunch of films that abruptly changed director, and it has projects where the helmer opted not to return for a sequel. Behind the proverbial walls of Marvel Towers, there's clearly some harsher stuff going on.
Yet when it's presented to us, it all seems to work. Contrast that with the troubles Sony has had in persuading fans of Spider-Man that it's the correct custodian for the webslinger's movies. You can also contrast the differing approaches both employed when they hit a critical blip. Marvel's Iron Man 2 and Sony's Spider-Man 3 both got less appreciative critical notices, and more fan criticism, than their immediate predecessors. Marvel stayed with the process, brought in a new director, but didn't change its narrative path. Sony hit the reboot button, started again, changed personnel, and left the core fans scratching their heads.
And that's the key here: the core fans. Marvel has them more on side than any other studio because there's a sense – rightly or wrongly – that it treats what matters to them properly. Everyone else is struggling with that. There's plenty of interest, for instance, in Warner Bros' upcoming Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice, but part of that is suspicion. Man Of Steel divided Superman purists quite heavily.
The argument runs that you target comic book movies at the mass market now, and that's where Warner Bros is going. It's following in in Marvel's path in teasing release dates too as well, the latest Hollywood trend. Last week, it reserved dates for lots of new films, through to 2020, without naming any of them. It knows, as Marvel has proven, it'll get a second flurry of publicity now once it starts putting names to those dates.
Back to the fanbase, though. Bad word of mouth from a group of people who really care about a property, and have long bought into it, can be and usually is poisonous. It may not make an immediate box office impact, but if you lose the core, then there's a longer term danger that you lose the support for whatever universe you're building. You can announce as many release dates as you like, but enthusiasm will be in lesser supply.
Marvel, notwithstanding the Ant-Man blip, has kept that core ofr enthusiasm in tact, and tended to it first. It makes good to very good films, that get very good to excellent reviews. And when it announces something major and new, the owners of Twitter and Facebook have to get the emergency generators out.
Whilst many, therefore, share a longer term target to build compelling movie universes and to lessen the risks involved in blockbuster movies, it's the marketing model that shouldn't be ignored by important studio people in posh clothes. Surprisingly, perhaps, Marvel's marketing elixir is comprised of surprisingly straightforward ingredients. Which makes it all the more surprising that nobody has managed to really come close to matching it yet.
As Warner Bros showed last week, though, it's not for the want of trying. For the time being, though, Marvel remains the firm experts.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
WEST DEPTFORD TWP. -- At some point after Peter Testa landed on the beaches of Normandy on D-Day during World War II, the sterling silver identification bracelet he'd been wearing around his wrist came off.
However, with a little luck and help from researchers, the bracelet that had been buried for more than 70 years in France has found its way to Testa's family.
Testa's niece, 66-year-old Carol Mills, of West Deptford, recently received the bracelet by mail -- and when she held the metal relic engraved with her uncle's name and his Philadelphia address for the first time, she was immediately overwhelmed and flooded with memories.
"When it is in your hand, it's like I'm holding a piece of history ... It is just amazing to me -- it is unbelievable," Mills said.
Testa, who enlisted in the military in October 1942, returned to Philadelphia sometime in 1945 or 1946, by Mills' estimate. He died in 1983 at 62 years old.
The bracelet was found by a team of French researchers called the Normandy Detection Team.
"We started a little over a year (ago) and detected (it) in our fields," said 19-year-old organization member Alban Louaintier, who communicated with NJ.com through Facebook.
Louaintier lives in Manche, located in lower Normandy.
The team had also uncovered several other items, including two sets of dog tags and an engraved mirror. The team is working to get those items to the family members.
The detection team uses metal detectors and simple tools to conduct its research.
The team is assisted by a history enthusiast from Atlanta, Georgia -- Lisa Vaught -- who helps Louaintier track down family members in the U.S. connected to the military artifacts. Vaught was able to find Mills on Ancestry.com, which Mills had been using to discover more about her family's background.
"I had no knowledge of the bracelet," Mills said. "I was doing my family tree ... In February I got a notice that was from Lisa Vaught (that) Peter J. Testa's bracelet had been found in Normandy ... I wrote her, I told her my uncle was Peter Testa."
To avoid losing the bracelet by mailing it from France to the U.S., one of Vaught's friends volunteered to fly to France and pick up the bracelet and other items personally.
"I am just kind of the middleman involved," Vaught said.
She added: "I enjoy it, I enjoy a good challenge, like a puzzle -- when it all comes together, it is very satisfying."
Louaintier has found numerous U.S. military items from World War II.
"Growing up in Normandy, he knows exactly the sacrifices that were made at that time, and (the people living there) are extremely thankful to U.S. soldiers to this day," Vaught said.
The organization is completely made up of volunteers and does not seek any type of financial benefit.
"We do it because those who have lost these objects were our age and showed a lot of courage for us to be free now," Louaintier said.
When the items finally arrive in the U.S., Vaught boxes and ships them to the intended recipients, with each box including shipping insurance.
"It is nice knowing that these items are returning back to their family members again, being able to give them a little something back to these brave men's families," Vaught said.
"He was a sweetheart of an uncle," Mills said. "Always very, very loving and very caring to all of us ... He was a loving man, he was a good father to his children and an amazing husband to his wife."
Since this past November, the group has found artifacts belonging to 15 U.S. military soldiers and has returned all items to family members, except one.
Vaught said she has been having trouble recently tracking down a woman in Ocean City who is related to the soldier the item belonged to. The family member is named Rae Ann Kitson. Vaught asks that if anyone knows how to get in touch with Kitson to contact her through Facebook.
---
Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent . Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook
Paul B always thought of himself as a moderately-paid consultant. With no real overhead, a policy against ties when meeting with prospective clients, and a general pickiness about the projects he'll take on, his rates tend to be pretty low. One company that looked right up his alley was a mid-sized manufacturing company that wanted a custom webshop. They went to the highly-paid consultants in town, but weren't too happy with the six-figure price tag. Paul's quote was in the five-figure range, which he felt was pretty moderate given that it was a several month project. Of course, the company wasn't too happy with his quote either, so they searched high and low for a three- or four-figure price. They eventually found one overseas.
Despite losing the bid, Paul never bothered unsubscribing from the company's mailing list - there was always something exciting about learning the latest in gimbal clamps and engine nozzle extensions. About a year and a half later, he received an exciting newsletter announcing that the webshop was finally live. Out of curiosity, he created an account to check things out. A few days later, he received an apology for lost orders - they didn't know who had ordered what, so they sent it to everyone who had signed up. And then came the "data breach" email — everyone's personal data (which, for Paul, was just his throw-away email) was now in the hands of some hackers. You get what you pay for never rang so true.
The day following the breach, the company contacted him to see if he was still available for consulting. Apparently, their overseas programmers couldn't figure out how anyone was getting in the system, since they had used "Top-grade, SHA1 Encryption." Curiosity won the day, so Paul asked for a copy of the source code. He couldn't find anything related to encryption, so he performed a search for "sha1". This was the only line that came up:
$result = mysql_query( "SELECT * FROM users " . " WHERE SHA1(username) = SHA1('" . $_REQUEST["username"] . "') " . " AND SHA1(password) = SHA1('" . $_REQUEST["password"] . "')");
Paul told the company he couldn't help them out, and suggested they go to the highly-paid consultants. A few days later, the company's newsletter reported that the webshop was closing down for some "upgrades" - a year later, it's still under construction.
Mike Droter, a man paralyzed on vacation just after proposing to his girlfriend, has one goal: to stand at the altar at his wedding. Given the extent of his injury, it sounds impossible. But Mike has already defied all of his doctor's expectations. And our God specializes in making the impossible possible!
Credit: Facebook/Mike Droter
Mike's vacation to Honolulu with Jordan Lovas started out as a dream come true. The perfect getaway got even better when Mike popped the big question and Jordan excitedly said "yes."
The following day was the couple's last day on the island before heading home to Citrus Heights, California. And that's when the dream vacation turned to a nightmare.
Dream Vacation Takes A Tragic Twist
Mike headed back into the water to catch one more wave on his surfboard as Jordan packed up their beach bags. Startled screams turned Jordan's attention to the water, where she saw bystanders pulling her fiancé's from the water.
“It was absolutely terrible. You can tell that he was completely lifeless,” Jordan recalled. “It was literally a dead body on the beach. I was flailing all over him and they literally picked me up and threw me off of him.”
RELATED: Hero Sees Lifeless Girl Pulled From Water, Then Comes To The Rescue
While out in the water, a wave flipped Mike, slamming his head into the ocean's floor. The impact fractured his C1 vertebrae — one of the worst spinal cord injuries someone can have.
“I immediately knew I was paralyzed,” he said. “I remember trying to swim out of the ocean and I couldn't move -- I couldn't swim, I couldn't do anything.”
Credit: Jordan Lovas via People
Doctors called Mike's injuries "the worst of the worst." And the prognosis didn't look good. They said he'd never walk, talk, or eat again. Friends and family rallied around him, and Jordan called for prayers.
"Please just keep him in your prayers. He's so strong, just needs some of our help right now," Jordan wrote on social media.
Man Paralyzed On Vacation Defies Doctors
With such a grim outlook, it would have been easy to give up. But Mike remained positive, determined to make progress. And folks kept praying.
Six weeks after the accident, Mike spoke his first words, astounding the doctors. Two months later, he could drink water on his own rather than relying on an IV. And three weeks after that, he could wiggle one of his thumbs!
“Doctors said that this was going to be it,” Mike said. “They told me to start an online business and just accept it.”
RELATED: Woman Miraculously Survives A Freak Accident At The State Fair
But Mike kept pushing, remaining positive. He even started thumb wrestling -- an amazing feat considering he'd been told he'd never regain any mobility below his chin.
No big deal.. just having a THUMB WAR with Mike How is this happening?! Everyone's prayers and miracles are happening. Being told everyday from the beginning that having the worst spinal cord injury he would never move past his injury... his chin. And here we are party rockin with the right thumb and now index finger!!!!! Posted by Jordan Danielle Lovas on Friday, November 18, 2016
"How is this happening?!" Jordan wrote on Facebook regarding the video of she and Mike thumb wrestling. "Everyone's prayers and miracles are happening. Being told everyday from the beginning that having the worst spinal cord injury he would never move past his injury... his chin. And here we are party rockin with the right thumb and now index finger!!!!!"
Fighting To Beat The Odds
Mike finally returned home roughly 3 months after the accident that changed everything. Though he maintained his positive attitude, adjusting to this new way of life was tough.
“I had a dog that I loved who I had for 10 years and he didn't even look at me the same,” he said. “I wasn't able to pet him or throw a ball. He neglected me for about three weeks. I was in my home and not able to do the normal things that I could before.”
RELATED: Nick Vujicic, a man born without arms or legs, explains how God saved him from suicide
The two had yet to say their marriage vows, but Jordan proved her love was true, staying by Mike's side through sickness and health. She quit her job so she could stay home taking care of Mike.
Happy Easter from your favorite D's Posted by Jordan Danielle Lovas on Sunday, April 16, 2017
Because Mike relies on help from a ventilator to breathe, he says insurance won't pay for physical therapy because of liability issues. But Jordan wasn't about to give up that easy!
Fiancée Champions For Man Paralyzed On Vacation
So, Jordan came up with a fitness plan for Mike, and helped him do physical therapy at home while she searched for other options.
Determined to help the man she loves so dearly, Jordan began petitioning a local physical training company that helps people with spinal cord injuries called SCIFIT.
“It was difficult for us to get in there too because they also don't take people on ventilators,” he says. “But Jordan sent them all of these videos of me exercising and they agreed to meet with us.”
When they saw how much progress Mike had already made on his own, the company agreed to work with him. Jordan is required to come with Mike every day for liability reasons, which she gladly agreed to do. Donations to a GoFundMe account helps with the out of pocket costs for the training, which totals around $2,000 a month.
Man Paralyzed On Vacation Making Miraculous Progress
But the prayers, training and Mike's relentless persistence is paying off. He continues to make strides.
"I already see so much improvement," Mike says. "A lot of things are coming back. They actually have hope I'll walk again. My doctors are extremely shocked. When I went to show [my main doctor] my movements, she started crying."
RELATED: Paralyzed Groom Standing For His Wedding
And some big goals motivate Mike to keep going. He trains hard in the hopes he'll be able to stand at the altar on his upcoming wedding day, where he hopes to be able to put the ring on Jordan's finger.
Wedding goals are one step closer. I finally made it to 97° on the tilt table and this is only my second time on it.... Posted by Mike Droter on Monday, April 24, 2017
“We can't sleep next to each other and cuddle,” he says. “But when I get these movements back, all of the sudden I'm like, ‘Wow, I really might be able to put my arm around my fiancée,' or ‘I might be able to stand next to her at my wedding.' That's what keep's us going. The movement and progression.”
Peace In The Special Moments
Each victory, no matter how small, spurs the couple on. Little things we often take for granted, like holding hands.
"I got to hold her hands for the first time about two months ago," Mike recalled. "We both cried and then we video taped it and then we laughed. It was an amazing moment."
A post shared by Jordan Lovas (@jlo_glitter) on Feb 24, 2017 at 7:37pm PST
So, while the future is uncertain, one thing is for sure. These two are blessed to share such a deep love. And no matter what tomorrow holds, they will face it together.
“For the first time we're hearing positive things,” Jordan says. “We're ready for our lives if nothing changes, but we're not ready to give up. We're going to be okay -- we're in this together.”
We'll continue to pray for Mike's recovery. What an amazing reminder to never give up, even when the odds seem insurmountable!
"Looking at them, Jesus said, 'With men this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.'" Matthew 19:26
h/t: GodUpdates
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE: Teen Fights Threat Of Death & Paralysis Following Freak Accident
As the world waits on LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony, private planes, Vegas meetings, overpriced meals, and mystery pickup games, a few of the league's non-glamour teams are engaging in real and interesting transactions!
The headliner is Gordon Hayward, to whom the Hornets (I did it! I didn't write Bobcats!) tendered a maximum offer sheet that will come in around the four-year, $63 million mark once the league finalizes next season's cap level. The fourth year is a player option, and the offer sheet carries a trade kicker — a little prick of inconvenience aimed at Utah, which must match the exact terms in order to retain Hayward. The Jazz will have up to 72 hours to do that once business can officially resume July 10, and if they take the full time frame, the Hornets will have almost all of their cap space tied up as players begin signing new deals.
Charlotte risks losing out on other targets, but most of the best ones are restricted free agents anyway, and Lance Stephenson's people know that the Hornets could whip out a trump-card offer if they miss out on Hayward.
The Jazz have indicated they will match any offer sheet for Hayward, and if they do, it will mark something of a lost bet for them. Utah and Hayward could not agree on an extension before last Halloween's deadline, with ESPN.com's Marc Stein reporting that the Jazz's offer topped out around four years and $48 million — and that Utah wasn't willing to go above $50 million. It's unclear exactly what Hayward's crew demanded, but Stein and others reported it was something short of the max. That means the Jazz might cough up an extra $15 million over the life of Hayward's deal.
Click here for more on 2014 NBA free agency.
Scan the last half-decade's worth of early extensions for guys coming off their rookie contracts, and the trend line suggests that an extension has been a better bet for the incumbent team than allowing the player to reach free agency. That will be the case here.
A bunch of extensions that appeared like gambles to varying degrees morphed into very nice contracts as the players refined their NBA games — Mike Conley, DeMar DeRozan, Jrue Holiday, Ty Lawson, et al. Stephen Curry's four-year, $44 million extension is one of the league's best bang-for-the-buck contracts, but it's something of an outlier, given Curry signed it at a time of great uncertainty surrounding his ankle issues.
There are some stinker extensions, to be sure. Andrea Bargnani's turned into an albatross, and the jury is still out on Derrick Favors's four-year, $48 million extension after his disappointing 2013-14 season. But Favors would have gotten that, and perhaps even more, on the restricted free-agency market. The league is flush with so much cap space that good free agents are bound to get overpaid. Larry Sanders's four-year, $44 million extension looks bad today, but he's three months of springy defense and good citizenship from turning right back into a nice value play.
Hayward regressed last season, puking up brick after brick and tossing away heaps of turnovers, and he's somehow played himself into the largest possible contract any non-Utah team can offer him. The rule isn't universal, but Utah will have to think about the trend line as Alec Burks (John Houseman voice, please) and Enes Kanter come up for extensions this summer and fall.
Look, this is an overpayment for Hayward, even with the cap set to rise by $4 million or so every season going forward. This is different than betting on Holiday to produce $11 million of on-court value. This is a deal that will average better than $15 million per season for a guy who shot 41 percent overall and barely cracked 30 percent from long range.
Playing as the top option on an awful team with terrible spacing deflated those shooting numbers, and Hayward would do better as a secondary wing guy filling gaps around Al Jefferson post-ups and Kemba Walker pick-and-rolls. But this contract will pay him like a top dog, not a secondary option.
He would be a fine secondary option in Charlotte. He's a jack-of-all-trades, master-of-none type. His 3-point shooting will perk back up, he can run pick-and-rolls on both sides of the floor, he's a skilled passer, and he should develop into a solid defender capable of guarding both wing positions. People will see this as a bet against Michael Kidd-Gilchrist's upside, but it could just as easily be a bet against Gerald Henderson's long-term place on the Hornets (2-for-2!). Kidd-Gilchrist is a defensive menace already, a project worth patience, and Hayward toggled between the wing positions in Utah; he can play alongside pretty much any other wing guy. He has the size to build a post-up game against smaller 2-guards.
And he has good floor vision, which would bode well for Hayward's pick-and-roll game, which was spotty last season. Hayward turned the ball over on an ugly 22 percent of his pick-and-rolls last season, the 32nd-worst mark among 166 players who finished at least 50 such plays, per Synergy Sports. That is not good. But watch all those cough-ups and you see a young player stretched beyond his abilities, learning on the fly.
Hayward talked openly last season about how playing the alpha dog meant doing all sorts of things he had never done before — driving into heavy traffic, experimenting with pull-ups and floaters, and whipping passes all over the floor. He paid the price for that. He can get to the rim with either hand, but he often arrived there without a plan, shocked at the help defenders converging upon him. That led to a lot of confused and desperate jump passes that landed in enemy hands or flew out of bounds.
Traps high on the floor flustered him into picking up his dribble and flinging wild passes to nobody. When Hayward penetrated into that in-between floater zone — the area where Chris Paul murders you — he showed an understanding of where all the chess pieces were, and where they would move over the next couple of seconds. He gets it. He just didn't get where all the defenders were, and how they were already primed to pounce on a skip pass, and he threw a lot of interceptions as a result.
But the brains and skills are there, and they're developing. He'd fit well in Charlotte, and he could run second units when Jefferson and Walker rest — a big weak spot last season. This would be an overpay for Charlotte, though perhaps not a drastic one, and it could be capped-out next summer once Walker's new contract hits the books. Committing huge money to a roster that tops out as “frisky second-round playoff team” isn't ideal, but Charlotte is done playing the tank game, and it would still retain some flexibility after 2016 even if it commits big money to Hayward and Walker. Doing this would require it being careful on its next contracts for Jefferson, Henderson, and Kidd-Gilchrist. Stay tuned.
Charlotte's play marks an interesting contrast to Orlando, which has used its cap space on Channing Frye and a preposterous contract for banished Hornet Ben Gordon. Those two will earn about $12 million combined next season, less than Hayward, and the Hornets may come up empty here anyway. But I'd rather see a rebuilding team go hard at another young pseudo-star — Hayward, Eric Bledsoe, Chandler Parsons, Greg Monroe — than tie up cap space on middling veterans.
The Magic have clearly decided to punt restricted free agency for now, concluding correctly that it would result in them paying a “B” player “A” money. And they're still slated to have about $14 million in cap space to play with after July 10, with plenty of future flexibility. They could have used all of that room to help the Cavs clear LeBron-level cap space, as Boston just did in nabbing two useful assets — a first-round pick and Tyler Zeller — as the price for swallowing Marcus Thornton's expiring contract.
The Cavs reached out to the Magic and just about every other team with the requisite room, but Boston used its leftover trade exception to pounce first. Wringing Zeller and a protected Cleveland first-rounder is a nice touch; Zeller found his footing last season as a useful bench big, and picks are always handy when you're trying to get Flip Saunders to answer his damn phone.
Perhaps Orlando didn't want Thornton's deal, which would have left it with only about $6 million in cap room going into the season. That would have limited its ability to work as a dumping ground in exchange for assets, but that's exactly what Boston just did. Maybe the Magic think a better opportunity is coming down the road. Orlando and other teams also had to at least think about the roster consequenses of taking on three players.
Boston also had to act fast, since its trade exception expires next week, and the other teams with room might not have been willing to surrender it in early stages of free agency.
(As for the Cavs and Nets: Cleveland's motives are transparent, and though giving up Zeller hurts, he's not a game-changer, and the Cavs have enough power forwards now that Anthony Bennett is in shape and healthy. Tristan Thompson actually looms as a thorny extension case. Sergey Karasev [going to the Nets] is an interesting player whom the Cavs might miss down the road, but they're all in for LeBron, and they have two wing guys in Dion Waiters and Andrew Wiggins ready to hog minutes.
The Nets want to win now, and they'll continue to give up any future flexibility in exchange for players who can help them do that. Jarrett Jack is a useful combo guard, and the Nets need a combo guard after the Warriors hit Shaun Livingston with an offer that Brooklyn couldn't match. The hit here isn't bad — international prospects and Jack's contract — but it doesn't speak well of your $20 million franchise centerpiece point guard that you have to pay $6 million per season for a backup. Nets gonna Net. At least the final year of Jack's contract is only $500,000 guaranteed, so that it basically expires when Kevin Durant becomes a free agent. Stop laughing.)
Chasing one of those restricted free agents would have tied up Orlando's cap space as other targets signed, but if your targets are Frye and Gordon, there's not much damage. You can see what the Magic are doing — Frye and Gordon are shooters, and the Magic need shooting. Frye is a killer pick-and-pop guy with a lightning-fast release. Defenders in the pick-and-roll are scared to help off him, which opens driving lanes for ball handlers. Goran Dragic raved about how clear the floor was when working with Frye, and Orlando's collection of slashers, starting with Victor Oladipo, will feel that breathing space after working with a bunch of nonthreatening shooters.
Bledsoe would have been an interesting target for them, but he has some skill overlap with Oladipo, and the Magic probably have other point guard targets over the next summer or two. They also have to weigh an extension for Nikola Vucevic, which means playing the same poker game Utah played with Hayward a year ago.
Vucevic is a decent two-way player and a voracious rebounder, and 6-foot-10 guys who fit that description generally get eight figures. But Vucevic was a low enough draft pick that his cap hold would be only $6.75 million next summer if he remains a free agent, meaning the Magic could preserve at least $3 million or $4 million in cap room for July 2015 by declining to offer him an extension now. Is that worth the risk of having to overpay him in restricted free agency, as Utah is going to have to do with Hayward?
Back to Utah: The Jazz should have at least thought about engaging in sign-and-trade talks before Hayward signaled his intent to sign his offer sheet and (probably) erased that possibility. Utah talked with Cleveland about tossing two of its young core guys, plus the no. 5 pick, to the Cavs for the no. 1 pick, and that was a damn progressive internal discussion. It represented the recognition that Utah's beloved core five (pre–Dante Exum) might not contain a single franchise star, and that flipping two solid young guys for the chance at drafting such a star at no. 1 is worth it. It was a sign that Utah had a realistic understanding of its own players, and a willingness to take a step back in the rebuild — even if the move might displease some fans.
But Hayward doesn't appear to have been in those talks, and the Jazz like him a lot. They should; he probably has the best long-term potential of all of their young guys, maybe minus Exum. But the Jazz could have pushed to see if Charlotte liked Hayward enough to surrender a bundle of goodies — MKG, Noah Vonleh, and a future pick. It was worth kicking the tires, and Hayward isn't quite good enough to preempt that discussion.
The Jazz will probably just bite the bullet, and that's fine. They'll still have about $11 million in cap room to butt their way into trade talks, and they've been aggressive about paying for picks. They took nearly $25 million in dead money last summer in exchange for two Golden State first-rounders (and two second-rounders), and they absorbed the $7 million due Steve Novak for a single second-rounder from the Raptors last week.
And the Jazz are young enough that they could overpay every young guy on the roster and still retain significant cap room every summer going forward.
But that's dangerous, especially when it comes to Burks and Kanter. It's unclear if either projects as a long-term NBA starter, and the prognosis is probably negative for now. Overpay too much just for the sake of keeping them as tradable pieces and that cap room shrinks into single digits, below the range at which you can really play ball.
The Jazz still have some work to do, and they know it. The Hornets will, too, once Utah matches, but they're at least gambling on the kind of young player with upside whom a team in mid-rebuild should want. Good for them.
On January 27, 1998, Hillary Clinton appeared on the Today show and stated, "The great story here for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast right wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president."
In the current presidential campaign, Hillary has been assailed by the right on three issues as Secretary of State: Benghazi, The Clinton Foundation, and her use of a private email server.
On July 7, 2015, Hillary asserted to CNN's Brianna Keilar that there has been a "barrage of attacks that are largely fomented by and coming from the right"
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) is running for Speaker of the House, a position that is third in line of succession to the Presidency. On Tuesday he added credibility to Hillary's conspiracy theory with the statement to Sean Hannity of Fox News:
What you are going see is a conservative speaker that takes a conservative congress that puts a strategy to fight and win. And Let me give you one example. Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi Special Committee, a select committee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. Why? Because she's untrustable. But no one would have known any of that had happened had we not fought and made that happen.
Hannity agreed and gave McCarthy credit for doing something good.
This does sound a bit like a vast right wing conspiracy. Or, at least, a half-vast one.
I seem to recall another member of Congress with the same last name as Representative Kevin McCarthy, who I assume was not a relative. Senator Joseph McCarthy (R-WI) conducted the U.S. Senate "McCarthy Hearings" in 1954, an infamous anti-communist witch hunt. He certainly was the father of right-wing conspiracies. Here is a statement he made about Demorcrats on February 4, 1954:
The issue between Republicans and Democrats is clearly drawn. It has been deliberately drawn by those who have been in charge of twenty years of treason. Now the hard fact is--the hard fact is that those who wear the label--those who wear the label "Democrat" wear it with the stain of a historic betrayal.
Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page is denying a report that he is refusing to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee in its investigation into Russian interference in the election.
Politico reported that Page had told the committee Tuesday that he won't cooperate with the lawmakers in their probe and plans on pleading the Fifth Amendment if he does make an appearance.
Page refuted the report to The Hill, saying he had offered to testify at a committee hearing on Nov. 1.
The committee declined to comment.
It's unknown if the committee has formally requested that Page testify in the investigation.
Page came under scrutiny over reports he improperly communicated with Russian officials during the presidential campaign. He has repeatedly denied the allegations.
The Senate Intelligence Committee has interviewed other key Trump figures in its investigation into Russian meddling in the election, including President Trump's son-in-law and White House adviser Jared Kushner and his son Donald Trump Jr.
The FBI reportedly questioned Page multiple times in March as part of the Justice Department's own investigation into Russia's election interference.
AMMAN, Jordan -- Dozens of Jordanian fighter jets bombed Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) targets on Thursday, including training centers and weapons storage sites, the military said, pledging to keep up the attacks until the militants are defeated.
Jordan has said it would respond harshly to the killing of a captive Jordanian fighter pilot by the militants. Video released earlier this week showed the pilot being burned to death in a cage, setting off a wave of anger in Jordan and the region.
State TV showed footage of Thursday's strikes, including one that set off a large ball of fire after impact. It showed pilots scribbling messages in chalk on the missiles.
"For you, the enemies of Islam," read one message.
The military said all targets were destroyed. The announcement did not say whether the strikes where carried out against ISIS positions in Syria or Iraq. The ISIS militants control about one-third of each country.
Jordan joined the U.S.-led military alliance against ISIS group in September, but up to now is believed to have only bombed sites in Syria.
Flash Points: How should Jordan respond to pilot's execution by ISIS?
The statement, read on state TV, was entitled, "This is the beginning and you will get to know the Jordanians" - an apparent warning to ISIS. It said the strikes will continue "until we eliminate them."
Jordan's King Abdullah II was paying a condolence visit to the family of the pilot, Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh, in southern Jordan when the fighter jets roared overhead.
The king pointed upward, toward the planes, as he sat next to the pilot's father, Safi al-Kaseasbeh.
Jordanians react to execution of their pilot
Al-Kaseasbeh told the assembled mourners that the planes had returned from strikes over Raqqa, the de facto capital of the militants' self-declared caliphate. His son had been captured near Raqqa when his F-16 fighter plane went down in December.
Jordanian officials have not presented details of their response, but said they would be working closely with their allies in the anti-ISIS coalition. CBS News' Charlie D'Agata reports that officials in Jordan are reportedly mulling ground troops to help combat ISIS, but it is believed any ground engagement would likely be limited to a small special forces deployment.
ISIS video shows Jordanian pilot being burned to death
Earlier this week, ISIS displayed the video of the killing of the pilot on outdoor screens in Raqqa, to chants of "God is Great" from some in the audience, according to another video posted by the militants.
Also Thursday, Jordan released an influential jihadi cleric, Abu Mohammed al-Maqdesi, who was detained in October after speaking out against Jordan's participation in the anti-IS coalition, according to his lawyer, Moussa al-Abdallat.
Jordan's Islamic militants are split between supporters of ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra, the branch of al Qaeda in Syria.
Last year, al-Maqdesi had criticized ISIS militants for attacking fellow Muslims. However, after Jordan joined the military coalition, he called on his website for Muslim unity against a "crusader war," a reference to coalition airstrikes.
Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat has declared his board's support for the introduction of two divisions in Test cricket, as debate intensifies about the future of the game.
"Test cricket is already fading and will die if nothing is done," Lorgat said. "South Africa would support a two-tier Test system in order to create meaningful context for Test match cricket. Currently there is little or no meaning when countries play against each other in bilateral Test matches, save for the Ashes."
The model of two division Test cricket devised by the ICC would feature seven teams in division one and five in division two, with each team playing a series either home or away against the others in their divisions over a two-year cycle. The standings would then be used to determine the overall winner of the Test league, and promotion and relegation between the two divisions. The winners of the Intercontinental Cup, the first-class competition for Associate nations, would also be able to win promotion to division two.
"A two-tier system with promotion and relegation will allow for a much better narrative plus two more teams will have the opportunity to play Test match cricket," Lorgat said. "The Test league can also link down to the Intercontinental Cup where again promotion and relegation will create context and opportunity for other countries."
The news that South Africa endorse the two division plan follows officials from Australia, England and New Zealand supporting the proposals, which are favoured by ICC chief executive David Richardson.
Although Anurag Thakur, the president of the BCCI, recently voiced his opposition to two divisions, some other Full Members remain hopeful that the plans could yet pass. Any change would need the vote of seven of the ten Full Members on the ICC board, and Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have also expressed their opposition to two divisions. One insider said that they believed that Pakistan lean towards supporting two divisions, but Zimbabwe are believed to be reluctant.
West Indies have still not decided on their stance. "At this point in time the West Indies Cricket Board does not have enough information to make an informed decision," Dave Cameron, the president of the WICB, said. "However in world football there are no divisions with over 200 nations participation, and so off the bat we cannot see the need for divisions if we have 12 teams participating in Test cricket."
While Thakur said that the BCCI was worried that "the smaller countries will lose out" under the proposals, Lorgat does not think this would be the case. As well as Associate nations benefiting from the introduction of promotion and relegation, he also said that lower-ranked Full Members, like Bangladesh, could stand to gain from the reforms. "In the proposed system they will have certainty of Test fixtures compared to now when they are at the mercy of countries playing against them." Sides in division two would also be free to organise extra matches against division one teams.
The ICC is due to meet in Dubai next month for a special meeting to discuss comprehensive reforms to the structure of cricket, including the introduction of two divisions in Tests, a 13-team ODI league and ratifying bringing the World T20 back to a once-in-two-years event.
Building Literacy Using the Amazing Reading Pen
My students need 2 Wizcom ReadingPens to drastically improve their literacy skills.
My Students
Have you ever wanted to read something but didn't know where to start? Imagine having a learning disability while trying to improve your literacy skills. Reading pens increase critical reading skills and are crucial for success in Special Education classrooms.
My students are motivated learners that attend an urban city school in New York, of which many live at or below poverty level.
In particular, I teach special education students (10 which are considered self-contained) who struggle more than the average student at reading comprehension. My students include those with cognitive disabilities, English language learners, and brain injuries. Although filled with the desire, they lack the proper resources that can truly optimize their learning that assistive technology can provide them.
My Project
In US History, students have to apply reading and critical thinking skills to master the content of the course. We engage in various projects and activities to allow students of all modalities the opportunity to succeed. Using the Reading Pens will allow my students to access the curriculum without the stigma of not having strong foundational skills in reading. The Reading Pens will increase students' reading fluency and comprehension skills, while allowing them the opportunity to navigate through assignments and assessments more independently, without relying on their peers or myself to walk them through every step. These devices can read scanned text aloud and provide definitions of unknown words. Through the use of the reading pens my students will increase their skill level and mastery of content.
Many of my students have expressed to me that they want to increase their grades in class and the Reading Pens would not only assist these scholars in reaching this goal, but will allow them to take pride and ownership in the process of attaining it.
Unfortunately, our school does not have the needed resources to supply my students with the advanced technology that would greatly benefit them and encourage them to be more engaged in their learning experience.
The second season of 13 Reasons Why opens up with a lorryload of cassette tapes being unloaded at Ten Downing Street.
The first series of the hit show told the story leading up to a young girl's suicide, using cassette tapes that she recorded before her death.
“And this season we're exploring the deaths of thousands of disabled, sick and/or poor people,” declared show-runner, Simon Williams.
“It's not going to be as varied as the first season – in fact, it's basically going to be Theresa May sat in a room listening to various people posthumously explain how her government killed them.
“We're basing it around true stories and the season will run for a whopping 108 episodes to allow us to crack through everything.
“There's a particularly moving episode where a disabled man dies after being declared fit for work and then collapses on an assembly line. Theresa almost expresses emotion at that point.”
“The final episode will see the Prime Minister listen to the final tape, shrug, and then have a thoroughly relaxing night's sleep.”
It's been a long road, getting from there to here. Google announced at the end of 2016 that it would start rolling out a tabbed interface in the Google app - one tab for your feed (previously known as Google Now), and the other for reminders/emails/etc. But then Google only enabled it for a small amount of users, and left it at that for a few months. Then a third tab was added, and even more users received the changed interface.
Google appears to be rolling out this feature to even more users (possibly everyone, it's too early to tell), including those using the Pixel Launcher. Once you open the Google app, you will be greeted with three tabs at the bottom - Home, Upcoming, and Recent. Home contains recommended articles, Upcoming contains reminders/package tracking/flight info, and Recents shows a history of your Google searches.
If you use the Pixel Launcher, the side Feed panel has received a facelift too - but it doesn't look like the Google app. The solid background with KitKat-esque status bar/navigation transparency has been replaced with a translucent background. The Google logo and search bar have been condensed to a small top bar, leaving more room for the recommended content.
Left: Old interface; Right: New interface
To access your other tabs, there is a new button at the top right that takes you to the standalone Google app. I would have preferred the tabs to be directly accessible on the Google pane, but there's an even more annoying change - you can't swipe away cards anymore. You can only tap on the menu button and select 'Done with this story.' The new interface still hasn't appeared on my devices using the Google Now Launcher, so this change could be exclusive to the Pixel Launcher.
Personally, I have mixed feelings about this change. While the standalone Google app is improved, I think the Google pane on the Pixel Launcher is far less useful. Checking the status of a package or flight only required swiping to the Feed panel, but now takes several taps to accomplish. Hopefully Google will move the tabs to the Google panel in the near future.
''I'm sure the women felt much better afterwards, slept better, smiled more,'' Dr. Maines said. Besides, she added, hysteria was considered an incurable disease. ''The patient had to go to the doctor regularly,'' Dr. Maines said. ''She didn't die. She was a cash cow.''
Nowadays, it is hard to fathom doctors giving their patients what Dr. Maines calls regular ''vulvular'' massage, either manually or electromechanically. But the 1899 edition of the Merck Manual, a reference guide for physicians, lists massage as a treatment for hysteria (as well as sulfuric acid for nymphomania). And in a 1903 commentary on treatments for hysterical patients, Dr. Samuel Howard Monell wrote that ''pelvic massage (in gynecology) has its brilliant advocates and they report wonderful results.''
But he noted that many doctors had difficulty treating patients ''with their own fingers,'' and hailed the vibrator as a godsend: ''Special applicators (motor driven) give practical value and office convenience to what otherwise is impractical.''
Small wonder that by the turn of the 20th century, about 20 years after Dr. Joseph Mortimer Granville patented the first electromechanical vibrator, there were at least two dozen models available to the medical profession. There were musical vibrators, counterweighted vibrators, vibratory forks, undulating wire coils called vibratiles, vibrators that hung from the ceiling, vibrators attached to tables, floor models on rollers and portable devices that fit in the palm of the hand.
They were powered by electric current, battery, foot pedal, water turbine, gas engine or air pressure, and they shimmied at speeds ranging from 1,000 to 7,000 pulses per minute. They were priced to move, ranging from a low of $15 to what Dr. Maines calls the ''Cadillac of vibrators,'' the Chattanooga, which cost $200 plus freight charges in 1904 and which, in its aggressive multi-cantilevered design, is more evocative of the Tower of London than the Pink Pussycat boutique.
Doctors used vibrators for many nonorgasmic purposes, including to treat constipation, arthritis, muscle fatigue, inflammation laryngitis and tumors; men as well as women were the recipients of vibratory physic. But that a big selling point for the devices was their usefulness in treating female distress can be gleaned from catalogue copy and medical textbooks at the time, which spoke of the vibrator's particular effectiveness against ''pelvic hyperemia,'' or congestion of the genitalia.
Vibrators were also marketed to women, as home appliances. In fact, the vibrator was only the fifth household device to be electrified, after the sewing machine, fan, teakettle and toaster, and preceding by about a decade the vacuum cleaner and electric iron -- perhaps, Dr. Maines suggests, ''reflecting consumer priorities.''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Advertised in such respectable periodicals as Needlecraft, Woman's Home Companion, Modern Priscilla and the Sears, Roebuck catalogue, vibrators were pitched as ''aids that every woman appreciates,'' with the delicious promise that ''all the pleasures of youth . . . will throb within you.''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Significantly, the vibrators were almost always designed to be used externally. As a result, medically indicated massage therapy could be pitched as upstanding and asexual -- and less risque than the gynecologist's speculum, which came under heavy ethical fire when it was first introduced in the late 19th century.
Dr. Maines, head of Maines and Associates, a firm that offers cataloguing and research services to museums and archives, first stumbled on her piquant subject while researching the history of needlework. Thumbing through a 1906 needlepoint magazine, she found, to her astonishment, an advertisement for a vibrator. When she realized there was no scholarly history of the device, she decided to take on the topic.
Her investigations led her to conclude that doctors became the keepers of the female orgasm for several related reasons. To begin with, women have been presumed since Hippocrates' day, if not earlier, to suffer from some sort of ''womb furie'' -- the word ''hysteria,'' after all, derives from uterus. The result was thought to be a spectacular assortment of symptoms, including lassitude, irritability, depression, confusion, palpitations of the heart, headaches, forgetfulness, insomnia, muscle spasms, stomach upsets, writing cramps, ticklishness and weepiness.
Who better to treat the wayward female plaint than a physician, and where better to address his ministrations than toward the general area of her rebellious female parts?
Dr. Maines also proposes that women have historically suffered from a lack of sexual satisfaction. By the tenets of what she calls the ''androcentric'' model of sex, women were supposed to be satisfied by the motions of heterosexual intercourse -- the missionary position and its close proxies.
Yet as many studies have shown, about two-thirds of women fail to reach orgasm through coitus alone, Dr. Maines said. As a result, she said, many women may have spent their lives in an orgasm deficit, without necessarily identifying it as such. At the same time, religious edicts against masturbation discouraged women from self-exploration. ''In effect,'' she writes, ''doctors inherited the task of producing orgasm in women because it was a job nobody else wanted.''
The vibrator was not the first therapeutic approach to treating feminine ''pelvic hyperemia.'' Dr. Maines and other historians have described the practice of hydrotherapy, the taking to the baths or spas, as an ancient means to a sometimes climactic end. A century ago, spas like Saratoga Springs were a favorite destination of the well-to-do, who enjoyed the diversity of aqua-regimens: the warm baths, the bracing baths, the mineral baths, the gas-infused bubbly baths, the swirling proto-Jacuzzi baths.
A young woman named Abigail May, who traveled to Ballston Springs, N.Y., in 1800 to seek relief from the pain of her cancer, found happiness, if not a cure, in the water treatments, Dr. Maines writes, using information from a journal she found during her research. At first nervous at the sight of the douche hoses, Miss May made sure to ''have laudanum handy'' and then took the plunge. ''I screamed merrily -- so says Mama,'' Miss May wrote in her journal. ''For my own part I do not remember much about it -- I felt finely for two hours after bathing'' and was ''so much pleased with the Bath'' that she went again not long afterwards.
The vibrator remained a staple of the doctor's armamentarium and the proper wife's boudoir until the 1920's, Dr. Maines said, when it began showing up in stag films and quickly lost its patina of gentility.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Vibrators are still widely available, of course -- unless you happen to live in Alabama, Georgia and Texas, where state legislatures have banned the sale of vibrators and other ''sex toys.'' The American Civil Liberties Union is now vigorously challenging the Alabama statute. If Alabama permits the prescribing of the anti-impotence drug Viagra, the A.C.L.U. argues, how dare it tells women that they can't have their own electromechanical prescription for joy?
''Such a situation is not good,'' says Indra Istianto, head of the East Java government's social affairs department. ''It's not good for children and, besides, the reputation of Surabaya is tainted. ''There are many things to see in Surabaya and East Java other than these girls.'' East Java Governor Soekarwo has vowed to shut down Dolly and Surabaya's six other red-light districts by 2014, promising an ''unlimited'' budget and an innovative program that mixes financial incentives with retraining and religious instruction. ''If they quit prostitution, we will give them 3 million rupiah [$A313] to start a new life,'' says Mr Indra, who is in charge of the program. ''If they take the money, they will have to go back to their home town and use it to start a new business. It's enough to start a warung [small food stall] or kiosk.''
For pimps, the payout is 5 million rupiah. The government is offering sex workers money management classes, and cooking and sewing lessons. There are also monthly Koran reading classes. Still, even as Mr Indra believes his ''humane'' approach will work, many have their doubts. ''Of course, this is not enough money,'' says Liliek Setyowati, known widely as ''Vera'', who has worked for 25 years educating sex workers about reproductive health and other employment options. ''They earn between 7 and 10 million rupiah a month. There are complex reasons why people become prostitutes … many are running away from violence, others are victims of trafficking.''
Ms Vera is caring for Mujiana, a 17-year-old who became a sex worker when she was 15 after her father was imprisoned and her mother ran away, leaving her to look after her three younger siblings. She fell pregnant and her prospects looked dire until she was given a scholarship to study public relations through Ms Vera's Abdi Asih Foundation. ''There are so many cases like this and this will not change,'' Ms Vera says. ''I am concerned because the training needs to last at least six months [to be worthwhile] and the government program only offers a few sessions.'' Even so, the authorities are claiming some success. A pilot program in the Dupak Bangunsari red-light district reduced the number of prostitutes from 274 to 173 last year.
The owner of the biggest brothel in the area, Siti Fatimah, reportedly quit and now runs a food store. But only 45 prostitutes have taken up the 3 million rupiah payment and no pimps have been enticed by the 5 million rupiah offer. Mr Indra counters that the program will be ramped up this year and at least 20 prostitutes in the past two weeks alone have indicated they will accept the money and return to their villages. As for the pimps, he attributes their lack of interest to a sense of honour. ''They already have enough money to start a business, so I think they are sort of embarrassed to take the offer,'' he says.
While it may appear a meagre financial incentive, the East Java administration's approach is progressive given the persistent sweeps by Islamist groups through the area and their calls for the brothels to be destroyed and sex industry workers locked up. Mr Indra said the punishment would be ''harsh'' for any prostitute or pimp who takes the money but returns to Dolly. ''The girl will be immediately sent back home and the brothel will be closed,'' he says. One sex worker, who asked to be identified only as ''Dewi'', has mixed feelings about the scheme. In nine months as a prostitute, she earned enough to set up a kiosk in her village that sells instant noodles, shampoos and soaps. Her parents - who think she works in a cafe - run it.
She says her clients are generally well behaved and she would ideally like to work for another two years in the sex industry. ''If they close it down, I guess I will just go back home,'' she says.
Coroner investigating death of transgender teacher who killed herself after being outed chastises press for 'ill-informed bigotry'
A coroner told the press "shame on all of you" as he ruled that a primary school teacher had killed herself after her gender reassignment became national news.
Michael Singleton, coroner for Blackburn, Hyndburn and Rossendale, singled out the Daily Mail as he accused the paper of "ridicule and humiliation" and a "character assassination" of Lucy Meadows, 32, who took her own life in March.
He urged the government to implement the recommendations of the Leveson report on press intrusion as he criticised the "sensational and salacious" press coverage. Delivering a verdict of suicide, he told the inquest into her death he was appalled at media reports about Meadows.
As he closed the inquest, he turned to the reporters present and said: "And to you the press, I say shame, shame on all of you."
Meadows poisoned herself in her Accrington home on 19 March, three months after she started to live and work as a woman.
In a note she left, she made no mention of press intrusion, citing instead her debts, a number of bereavements including the death of her parents, and her stressful job as a primary school teacher.
She insisted she was not depressed or mentally ill and thanked her friends, family and colleagues for their support, as well as messages she had received from well-wishers around the world.
Her therapist, Zoe Hargreaves, told the inquest in a statement that Meadows had found the media attention stressful but "easier than she thought" – largely because she was distracted by the death of someone she was in love with.
But the coroner was insistent that the unwelcome media attention had contributed to her death.
"Lucy Meadows was not somebody who had thrust herself into the public limelight. She was not a celebrity. She had done nothing wrong," Singleton told the inquest at Blackburn register office.
"Her only crime was to be different. Not by choice but by some trick of nature. And yet the press saw fit to treat her in the way that they did."
Giving evidence about the media attention, her former wife, Ruth Smith, said that Meadows had been "more annoyed than anything that there was this intrusion into her life and our lives as well".
Smith, mother to Meadows's son, said the couple had split up in late 2011 but had remained on good terms. She told the inquest Meadows had attempted suicide twice in the run-up to her death. "I asked her why and she said there wasn't enough to keep her here," said Smith.
Born Nathan Upton in December 1980, Meadows went back to her Accrington primary school after Christmas in women's clothes and with a new name: Lucy Meadows.
News spread after the head of St Mary Magdalen's school sent a letter to parents saying: "Mr Upton has recently made a significant change in his life and will be transitioning to live as a woman."
Concerns from some parents were reported in the media, with one father saying that his three sons at the school were "too young to be dealing with that".
The inquest heard that Meadows complained to the Press Complaints Commission (PCC) on 3 January about "harassment from the press" and particularly a column written by Richard Littlejohn in the Daily Mail on 20 December 2012.
In a piece headlined "He's not only in the wrong body … he's in the wrong job", Littlejohn asked whether anyone had thought of the "devastating effect" on Meadows's pupils of her change of gender.
The PCC carried out an investigation and on 11 March the Daily Mail offered to take down Littlejohn's article from the paper's website, as well as a photograph of Meadows's wedding to Smith in February 2009.
Singleton said he considered the Daily Mail's gesture to be token at best.
"Having carried out what can only be described as a character assassination, having sought to ridicule and humiliate Lucy Meadows and bring into question her right to pursue her career as a teacher, the Daily Mail's response was to offer to remove the article from the website," he said, adding: "It seems to me that nothing has been learned from the Leveson inquiry."
He said he would be writing to the culture secretary, Maria Miller, to urge the government to implement Lord Justice Leveson's recommendations in order to prevent a similar suicide.
Singleton quoted rule 43 of the Coroners Rules 1984, which gives coroners the power to write a report to a person or organisation where the coroner believes that actions should be taken to prevent future deaths.
He said: "I will be writing to the government to consider now implementing in full the recommendations of the Leveson report in order to seek to ensure that other people in the same position as Lucy Meadows are not faced with the same ill-informed bigotry as seems to be displayed in the case of Lucy."
Had her suicide note made any reference at all to the press, Singleton said he "would have no difficulty in summonsing various journalists and editors to this inquest to give evidence and be called into account".
Addressing Smith, Singleton said he hoped journalists present at the inquest had come to apologise "for the damage and distress they have caused".
He hoped media accounts of the inquest would be "sympathetic and sensitive", he said, adding: "I do not hold my breath."
For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90
Coming Soon
Nate Bargatze: The Tennessee Kid
Comedian Nate Bargatze takes aim at the absurdity of everyday life in an approachable and deadpan stand-up set shot in Duluth, Georgia.
Gentefied
Three Latinx cousins navigate their differences as they work to keep their grandfather's taco shop afloat in their rapidly gentrifying L.A. neighborhood.
Ultraman
Years after Ultraman disappeared, Shinjiro learns of his connection to the legendary hero and dons the metallic ultra-suit to fight new aliens.
Quicksand
After a tragedy at a Stockholm prep school, high school student Maja finds herself on trial for murder. Based on the best-selling novel.
Invisible Cities
While investigating a murder, a detective is drawn into a battle between the visible world and an underground realm inhabited by mythical creatures.
The Witcher
The witcher Geralt, a mutated monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.
Green Eggs and Ham
Opposites Guy and Sam take a road trip to save an endangered animal, learning to try new things like hope, friendship, and a certain delectable dish.
Followers
After an aspiring actress hits it big thanks to a candid Instagram, her life intersects with many other Tokyo women as they follow their dreams.
Israeli soldiers take part in a military training in the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights, near the Israel-Syria border, March 22, 2017.
Three Syrian mortar shells exploded in the Israeli Golan Heights on Friday, causing no damage.
>> Get all updates on Israel and the Middle East: Download our free App, and Subscribe >>
The Israeli army attacked the positions from which the mortar shells were fired in the Syrian Golan Heights, the army said in a statement.
The first mortar shell fell around 5 P.M. near the Syrian border, and about an hour later a rocket siren was sounded in the area, followed shortly by two more mortar shells.
The Israeli army said it was likely that the fire was not intentional, but was spillover from the Syrian civil war.
Earlier this month a teenaged girl was hit by an errant bullet from Syria in the Israeli town of Alonei Habashan.
Mid-March saw an unusual exchange of fire between Israel and Syria, when the Israeli air force attacked several targets across the border and Syrian air defense launched several anti-aircraft rockets in response. One of the rockets entered Israeli airspace and was shot down by an Arrow missile. Following the incident, Israel made a rare statement admitting to the airstrikes in Syria.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Late November, ISIS fighters in the Syrian Golan Heights fired at a IDF unit near the border. The soldiers were not hurt. An Israeli airstrike targeted a gun-mounted vehicle near the border and killed the four passengers inside, the IDF said.
KANNUR (Kerala): Days after a minor Muslim girl's marriage and divorce sparked a public outcry in Kerala, a court today intervened to stop the marriage of a 14-year-old girl from the community which was to be held here on Monday.Acting on an application from Jessy Manat, Child Development Project officer, Mattanur, seeking prohibition of the marriage which was to take place at Keecheri, the Judicial First Class Magistrate, Anit Joseph, passed the order.The court said from the records she was satisfied that the proposed marriage was to be held in violation of provision of Prohibition of Child Marriage Act , 2007 and in the interest of justice, the marriage was being prohibited."Any violation of the order shall be punishable as per law", the Magistrate held.The Muslim girl is studying in a high school in Dubai and her parents are also settled there. The groom hails from Keecheri.The Childline officials in Kannur came to know about the impending marriage and informed the Child Development Project Officer, who in turn made enquiries and found it to be true.The development comes days after a 17-year-old girl from Malappuram district, who was forcibly married off to a UAE national in July, was divorced.The UAE national's mother, who hails from Kozhikode, her second husband and another relative have been arrested. The groom, Jasim Mohammed Abdul Kareem, who hails from Ras al-Khaimah, is the first accused in the case.Five officials of the orphanage, of which the girl was an inmate, have also been arraigned as accused in the case.
The International Olympic Committee has announced the inclusion of 4 more events to the next Winter Olympic Games, with a proposal process still open for additional events to be added to the 2020 Summer Games.
The IOC announced today that four new events would join the 2018 PyeongChangWinter Olympics, while one existing event would be dropped.
The new events are a mixed double curling event, a mass start speed skating race, a team Alpine skiing nations event and big-air contest in the snowboarding class.
The IOC also removed the snowboarding parallel slalom event to make room for the big air contest.
In addition (and more important to the sport of swimming), the IOC's Executive Board approved a list of 35 criteria that will be used to decide on any proposals to add events to the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics.
The Tokyo Games organizers opened their doors last month for proposals to add events to the 2020 Games, and will officially select their proposed event lineup this coming September. The IOC will then deliberate on the proposals and decide which new events will be added at a meeting during the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Swimming already gives out 34 total Olympic gold medals, the second-most of any sport behind Athletics (track & field) in the Olympic lineup. That means it's fairly unlikely that any new swimming events would be added, but there are a number of events waiting in the wings for an Olympic slot.
There are always rumblings about the 50 fly, 50 back and 50 breasts, which are already included in the FINA World Championships and have become highly-competitive events.
In the push for gender equality within sports, it seems we could eventually be seeing the women's 1500 free added to the Olympic lineup, if only as a replacement for the 800. Currently, men swim the 1500 at the Olympics, but women only compete in the 800.
Then, too, FINA recently started compiling world records in mixed-gender relays, and now includes those events at the World Championships. Adding a mixed relay or two would follow the precedent of the Winter Olympic additions – two of those new events were mixed-gender (mixed curling doubles and the Alpine skiing nations team event).
The 35 selection criteria range from categories like “value added to the Olympic movement” to “popularity” to “business model.” The new snowboarding event is a good example of what the Olympic movement is looking for. The IOC's announcement listed the following factors that went into adding their recent winter sports: “added value; youth appeal; attractiveness for TV, media and the general public; gender equality; minimum impact on the number of events and/or quotas; and infrastructure and operational cost and complexity.”
The IOC release also noted that the new event program for the Winter Games includes a record number of events for females and a likely increase in the total number of women competing in the Games.
You can find the full list of the 35 selection criteria here.
Derpy arrives back from work after the birthday party, but Dinky wasn't at the entrance waiting for her. It's not a big place, but nobody seemed to be around the entrance, nor the rest of the building as she trotted through the surprisingly dim hallways.-----I have a Patreon now! www.patreon.com/MoonlitBrush is one way to help support me, and I'll try to get some sort of schedule going for my livestreams. The livestreams are free for everyone, no patreon required, but I'd still appreciate the help.Also, on a totally unrelated note, found out recently about DAs policy for prints not including fanart, so if you want prints just send me a note and I'll work something out.Did you like this? Who could have guessed what was gonna happen, wow. If you want this series to continue just let me know, but for now I've only got two ideas for this left. First idea is based on a different song, last idea involves the MLP side of the crossover, and it involves scrolls.Sequel to:
This was going to be a review piece of the month of August, but I couldn't get it done AND put it out this morning like I wanted to so I just put some quick hitters together. Its Labor Weekend in NC. I have shit to do and meat to grill. Lots of stuff going on last week.
David McCormack named his final 6 and it includes Duke and NC State. Rounding out his list is Kansas, Oklahoma State, Xavier and UCLA. The big man from Oak Hill is one of my favorite post prospects in the 2018 class
Emmitt Williams named his final 7 which included Duke and Miami. USC, Florida, LSU, Oregon and Kansas are the non-ACC finalists.
Boston College offers 2019 point guard Amani Harris
Virginia received a commitment from Australian sharpshooter Kody Stattman on 8/28.
Romeo Langford has narrowed his list to seven including Louisville and UNC.
Wake Forest has offered 2019 big man John Bol Ajak. The 6'10 post also holds an offer from Syracuse.
Landers Nolley will visit Virginia Tech on 10/29.
Talen Horton-Tucker has named his final 13 including Georgia Tech and Florida State.
Ayo Dosunmu has an official visit scheduled to Wake on 9/29.
Colin Castleton named his final 8 including FSU. The big man out of Florida is considered a HEAVY lean towards Gainesville.
Nate Laszewski has an official visit to Notre Dame on 9/8, Wake on 9/16 and UNC on 9/23
George Conditt-The 6'10 big man has named his final 11 and includes both VT and GT. Though neither of those are among his first 3 scheduled official visits. Those are Iowa St 9/2, Illinois 9/15 and New Mexico 9/29
Nate Roberts has an OV scheduled at Wake Forest on 9/29 and Syracuse on 9/22.
Syracuse has offered Brycen Goodine and Kahlil Whitney, both in the 2019 class, and Clifford Omoruyi of the 2020 class.
Syracuse will host Jalen Carey for an OV on 9/8. The top 15 players in the 2018 class has also visited Miami and UConn. Kanas will get a visit after the Orange.
Isaiah Mucius will be in Winston Salem to visit Wake on 9/15
Amanze Ngumezi has signed with UGA. Late blooming power forward held offers from both Clemson and VT.
Eric Ayala has cut his list to 5 and will visit both Miami (9/22) and Syracuse (10/3) along with Oregon Maryland and Ohio State.
Jake Forrester will visit Pitt on 9/15
Simi Shittu cut his list in mid August to 10 and it includes UNC and ND
Keyontae Johnson rcvd an offer from NC State in mid August. The top 100 wing also just transferred to Oak Hill for his senior year.
UVA was part of Kaden Archies final 8. The 4-star wing officially visited SMU this weekend. He will visit LSU on 9/23
2019 Forward Christian Brown was offered by Virginia Tech. Brown also holds a GT offer.
GT has offered 2019 forward Tyreek Smith (8/25)
2019 SG Brendan Tucker is rcving interest from GT. Will be on campus next week according to Reco Hallmon. Tucker took an UV to Wake in June.
3-star guard Jared Butler was visiting UVA this weekend.
Brandon Boston of the 2020 class said he plans on visiting GT soon.
Quincy Ademokoya took an UV to GT this weekend.
Jules Bernard named a top 5 of Miami, KU, Oregon USC and UCLA
ND offered Isaiah Stewart, hosted Emmanuel Miller, CHarles Smith IV, Jakou Kukic and Paxson Wojcik this week.
Moses Brown took his first OV to Louisville this weeknd
5-Star Louis King named his top 8 that includes Syracuse and NC State. Also listed is UConn, Oregon, KU, SHU, Maryland and Purdue. It considered pretty common knowledge this kid is just waiting for a Kentucky offer. It will be interesting to see how this plays out.
RJ Barrett will take his OV to Duke on 9/15. Some chatter on Twitter saying he was Kentucky bound after his recent visit to Lexington. Just remember, Kevin Knox was 85% predicted to go to Duke just a couple months ago.
Saddiq Bey took his OV to Pitt this weekend.
Manny Bates has two ACC OVs scheduled. One to NC State (9/8) and one to GT (9/22).
According to Corey Evans, Darius Days is looking to commit in October. He recently named his final 5 of UNC, Louisville, LSU, Xavier and Ohio St. My money would be on Louisville here.
Richardson will be trimming his list and setting up his OVs soon according to a recent Dan McDonald piece. Miami and GT are hoping to make the cut. Thought GT was mentioned in the DM article Richardson has recently said he “loves” GT. Look for a few SEC programs to make the cut.
Noah Locke has set his 5 OV's and UVA did not make the cut after being listed on the Locke's final 8.
Javian Fleming cut his list from 9 to 5 and removed Clemson from his list.
There were also a few commits and a surprise transfer this week.
#4 player in the country Cam Reddish predictably committed to Duke Friday evening. The versatile wing can play multiple positions and do it all on the court. Personally, he would be my #2 player in the class behind only RJ Barrett but I don't get a vote. That gives Duke 2 of the top 8 recruits in the 2018 class and they are still in deep with Barrett and will have an OV with Nas Little in November.
Marshall graduate transfer Terrance Thompson has landed at Wake Forest. In my preseason predictions I specifically mentioned the front court as a concern for the Deacs especially after Mitoglu went pro, but now they bring in one of the most efficient big men in the country from last season.
Danya Kingsby has committed to Pitt and Kevin Stallings. The Southern Idaho JUCO player was on the Pitt campus this weekend along with Saddiq Bey and Pitt commit Bryce Golden. Kingsby, a combo guard averaged 11.4 point 3 rebounds and almost 4 assists per game at Southern Idaho. He also shot 42% from deep.
In mid August I mentioned that Taurean Thompson had not been on the Syracuse campus this summer with the rest of the team. He withdrew from Syracuse this week and quickly enrolled at Seton Hall. Thompson's mother had been quite vocal with her desire to have Taurean at SHU while he was at Syracuse. This development really puts Boeheim in the hurt locker. I would move NC State and Wake Forest both ahead of Syracuse in the predictions right now.
A Vernon, B.C., woman is reminding others to be considerate of those with disabilities after someone left a hateful note on the windshield of her mother's car that was parked in an accessible parking spot.
Bailey MacDonald said her mother Medea Gunnip lives with fibromyalgia and chronic pain following a car accident.
On Oct. 29, Gunnip was parked outside of the Walmart Vernon Supercentre with a properly displayed accessible parking permit when she found the note.
She handed the paper to MacDonald and jokingly referred to it as a "love note."
You can see the full note below:
Bailey MacDonald is not sure who wrote the note, but is asking that they be more considerate in the future. (Bailey MacDonald/ Facebook)
Outraged, MacDonald took to social media, posting an image of the note and a plea to the public in defence of her mother and others like her with disabilities.
'My first reaction was definitely to be angry'
"My first reaction was definitely to be angry. It was only in stepping back that I calmed down and really decided that I needed to think about this in a different way," MacDonald told CBC in an interview.
"Anytime that something like this happens, we have the opportunity to really address the issue in a positive light."
In her Facebook post, MacDonald gave the author of the note the benefit of the doubt saying, "I imagine you rationalized that you were doing a noble thing. That you were advocating for people with 'real disabilities."
She then pointed out that many chronic illnesses are invisible and urged the author to be more considerate going forward.
"That note could've done a lot of damage to somebody, and I'm so lucky that my mom is so brave and was able to shake it off the way that she did," said MacDonald.
Her Facebook post has since received hundreds of likes and positive comments.
'You can't just assume'
The Council of Canadians with Disabilities says such accusations of people abusing the accessible system happen "from-time-to-time," though most instances are not reported.
"You can't just assume that someone is abusing the system or not," said Bob Brown, chair of the council's transportation committee.
"If somebody has gone through the trouble of getting a bona fide disabled parking permit ... they're entitled to it."
Brown said there are more drivers with heart conditions who have accessible permits than there are drivers who use walkers or wheelchairs.
He also said if a bystander is convinced a driver is breaking the law, they should record the licence plate number and report it to local authorities rather than confronting them directly.
With files from CBC's Radio West.
We've unearthed Adolf Hitler's half brother in our 1911 census records and his census return makes for fascinating reading.
Alois Hitler Jr had a troubled childhood and is said to have had a rocky relationship with his parents. In 1910 he met Bridget Elizabeth Dowling in Dublin. Alois and Bridget eloped to London and married in June 1910.
Alois' 1911 census return shows him and Bridget living at 102 Upper Stanhope Street, Toxteth Park, Liverpool. This house is reported to have been destroyed in a German air-raid on Liverpool in 1942.
The form appears to include lots of different styles of handwriting, so we can assume that the boarders in the house each filled in their own details. We believe, therefore, that Alois completed his family's details, especially when we look at his son William's entry. Above 'boarder', which has been crossed out and re-written underneath, Alois has referred to William as 'sohn', the German word for 'son':
Alois has recorded a different name on the census return: Anton. Bridget has also recorded a different name: Cissie Hitler. We can see that the first recording of her name is crossed out on the form but the name 'Cissie Dowling' is still clearly visible - having married less than one year earlier, it seems Bridget was still adjusting to her new married name.
We can also gather from the census form that Alois was born in Austria. At the time of the 1911 census he was working as a ‘Chef waiter' in a Lyons cafe. This is particularly interesting as Lyons was a Jewish company, leading us to wonder if Alois' views differed drastically to those of his infamous brother.
This census return is just one example of the rich detail the 1911 census can provide. We'd love to hear about any interesting or unusual facts you've found while searching the 1911 census - post your story underneath this blog.
OSLO (Reuters) - The removal of chemical weapons from Syria may be delayed slightly due to the difficulties of operating during a civil war, the head of the global chemicals weapon watchdog OPCW said on Monday.
But any hold-up should be small and the mid-2014 deadline to destroy these weapons remains realistic, said Ahmet Uzumcu, whose Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) has been charged with supervising the destruction of Syria's chemical arsenal.
The most dangerous chemical weapons have to be removed by December 31 while weapons in a second category have to be shipped out by February 5.
“In view of the circumstances in this country, it will be quite difficult to meet this timeline,” Uzumcu, who is in Oslo to accept the 2013 Nobel Peace Prize on Tuesday, told a news conference. “There are very demanding timelines that we want to fulfill and I'm confident that the deadline of end of June next year (to destroy the weapons) will be met.”
The Hague-based OPCW was given the task of overseeing destruction of Syria's chemical weapons stocks following a sarin gas attack on the outskirts of Damascus in August which killed hundreds of people. The deal, in part brokered by Russia, averted U.S. missile strikes.
Uzumcu said difficulties included security, particularly on secondary and access roads to various facilities, and the strict verification process that required extensive cooperation with the administration of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Still, he said the first part of the removal could happen in early or mid January while the second part could be a “few days” delayed.
The weapons will be taken out of Syria on a cargo vessel but authorities still have not yet picked the port where their destruction can be carried out.
Trump's attacks on senators may leave him with even less clout on policy 5:29 PM ET Thu, 17 Aug 2017 | 00:52
President Donald Trump's public attacks on two GOP senators could further reduce his clout with congressional Republicans just as he enters a series of key policy discussions.
In Wednesday morning tweets, Trump slammed Sens. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., and Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. Those messages follow his recent public chiding of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and a string of statements in which GOP lawmakers distanced themselves from the president after his response to a white nationalist rally in Virginia over the weekend.
The tensions could leave Trump's White House with limited sway over the upcoming policy discussions or lead to lawmakers outright disregarding the president's suggestions, congressional watchers said.
"He's lost the Congress at this point. I can't imagine he's going to be able to repair the damage that's done," said Steven Billet, director of the legislative affairs program at the George Washington University Graduate School of Political Management.
The president's relationships with Republican senators, in particular, appear increasingly strained as Congress looks to approve a debt ceiling increase and pass an appropriations bill after lawmakers get back from recess next month. The GOP also aims to approve a tax-reform bill by the end of the year; Trump wants a massive infrastructure package after that.
For issues like tax reform, beleaguered lawmakers could simply choose to work through legislation without the White House, said Greg Valliere, chief global strategist at Horizon Investments who track Washington for investors.
"I think Republicans in Congress increasingly are unified in their goal to just go it alone and virtually ignore the White House," he said. "This may embolden Republicans to move on their own. I think if we get legislative accomplishments, it will be in spite of Trump, not because of Trump."
The president lambasted the Republican senators in early morning tweets. He first slammed "publicity seeking" Graham, after the senator criticized the president's fiery Tuesday comments about an attack at the white nationalist rally that killed one person and left many others injured. Trump appeared to suggest equivalence between the white nationalists and demonstrators protesting against them.
Graham responded pointedly Thursday, telling Trump that "because of the manner in which you have handled the Charlottesville tragedy you are now receiving praise from some of the most racist and hate-filled individuals and groups in our country."
"For the sake of our nation — as our president — please fix this," Graham said in a statement. "History is watching us all."
Shortly after hitting Graham, Trump then publicly highlighted Kelli Ward, the candidate running against Flake for his seat next year. Trump called Flake "toxic," "WEAK on borders" and crime, and a "non-factor in the Senate."
Flake recently wrote a pointed book criticizing what Trump has done to the Republican Party. At least two notable GOP senators — John McCain of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee — came out in support of Flake after Trump's tweet.
In response, a Flake campaign spokesman said: "You don't serve Arizona by cutting backroom deals in Washington, D.C. That's why Sen. Flake will always fight for the people of our state."
In criticizing Graham, Flake and McConnell, Trump has also gone after senators who have largely supported his agenda.
Both Graham and Flake have fallen pretty reliably on Trump's side on most issues, voting with the president's position about 92 percent and 94 percent of the time, respectively, according to FiveThirtyEight.
McConnell — who Trump has repeatedly chided for failing to pass an Obamacare repeal bill — has voted with the president's position about 96 percent of the time.
Republican senators had already started to disregard Trump's suggestions on how to do their jobs. After Senate GOP efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare flamed out late last month, Trump repeatedly called on senators to keep trying.
They largely shifted focus to tax reform, while the GOP head of the Senate committee overseeing health care is holding hearings next month on ways to stabilize Obamacare markets.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
NUK: What was it about combining Mario with the world of Rabbids that you thought could work so well?
DS: The answer is the contrast. Mario is a well known hero. Rabbids are well known chaotic creatures. So we said, “If we combine the humour of that contrast and the gameplay mechanics that we can invent because of this contrast, we can bring something new." I love the idea of the Rabbids, throughout the game, learning how to become heroes from Mario, and Mario learning how to crack a joke.
NUK: There must have been many pitch meetings between Ubisoft and Nintendo. How did they go?
DS: After we felt as a team that we had something solid, Ubisoft contacted Nintendo and said, “We want to propose the idea.” We were not expecting to meet Nintendo super soon, but the meeting was about three weeks later and we said, “Oh my God, it's super early!”
We felt that we had to do something special for this pitch. We wanted to avoid any PowerPoint presentation or any design document that would have been boring and ineffective. So we said, “We should work like crazy and go there with a playable prototype.”
When I arrived in front of Miyamoto-san, who is the creator of the games I prefer the most, who inspired my whole career as a games designer, I felt split in two between the urgency to ask for an autograph and at the same time the responsibility to present the idea in the most professional way.
But he loved it! He said, “I'm impressed!” I was not expecting such a reaction. Then he asked me, “Where did you get the Mario and Luigi from, because they look identical to the Nintendo versions?” The truth is that we were so crazy, we wanted this game to happen so much, that even with only three weeks we recreated Mario and Luigi from scratch in order to bring the essence of those two characters to our prototype. I think that this was the moment where we convinced Nintendo of our passion and commitment.
Featured on the LITFL Review #163 – Thanks to Mat Goebel and the LITFL Review group for the shout out!
Authors: Sandra Isnasious (MS-IV at UCLA David Geffen School of Medicine) and Manpreet Singh, MD (EM Chief Resident at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center – @MPrizzleER) // Editor: Alex Koyfman, MD (@EMHighAK, EM Attending Physician, UTSW / Parkland Memorial Hospital)
Introduction
Hypotension is typically defined as SBP < 90 mmHg, MAP < 60 mmHg, a decrease greater than 40 mmHg or 30% from patient's baseline MAP, or a combination of any of the aforementioned. However, no clear definition of hypotension truly exists because it must be placed in context of the individual patient. What is considered a “normal” blood pressure may be dangerously low in a chronically hypertensive patient.
A good approach when dealing with hypotension at the bedside includes using the following systematic four-step evaluation, which relies heavily on our bedside physical examination and ultrasound skills to evaluate each individual component:
Heart Rate Volume Status Cardiac Performance Systemic Vascular Resistance
In general, hypotension results from a dysfunction in one or more of these components, so systematically going through these components and addressing them one at a time is a great way to understand the underlying disease pathophysiology our hypotensive ED patient faces.
Heart Rate (HR):
Approach: Look at the HR on the monitor.
Look at the HR on the monitor. Increased or decreased HR can lead to hypotension.
Tachycardia: In general, unstable, non-sinus HR > 170 ( threshold varies with compliance of LV and age of pt ) can result in hypotension. Physiology: ↑ HR -> ↓ stroke volume because there is less time for diastolic filling -> ↓ Cardiac Output (HR x SV) -> hypotension Additionally, since less time is spent in diastole, the ventricular myocardium has inadequate relaxation time to allow flow through intramyocardial perforating coronary branches. This leads to ischemia of the LV subendocardium . Ischemia can progress from the subendocardium to more superficial layers of the LV myocardium and result in poor contractile function -> hypotension Also, diffuse ischemia can produce heterogeneous myocyte repolarization patterns -> re-entrant arrhythmia or fibrillation . The key is to differentiate between tachycardia as a response to hypotension or tachycardia as the cause of hypotension . Typically HR > 170 starts to affect diastolic filling and can result in hypotension -> suspect tachycardia as the cause of hypotension. Typically HR < 170 does not affect diastolic filling -> suspect tachycardia as the response to hypotension. Of note: AFib w/ RVR may result in hypotension at lower HR thresholds because short diastolic filling is compounded by loss of atrial contraction, and hence LV filling is solely passive. In this setting, non-compliant LVs may fail to fill at HRs as low as 140.
In general, unstable, non-sinus HR > 170 ( ) can result in hypotension. Bradycardia: In general, unstable HR < 50 can result in hypotension. Physiology: ↓ Heart Rate -> ↓ Cardiac Output -> Hypotension
In general, unstable HR < 50 can result in hypotension. Differential: Know your tachyarrhythmias and bradyarrhythmias, but in general treat appropriately -> cardiovert or pace the patient .
Volume Status:
Assess this after you've determined that the HR is a result of hypotension , not the cause (since rapid heart rates impair diastolic filling and will enlarge the IVC as volume remains peripherally).
you've determined that the HR is a , not the cause (since rapid heart rates impair diastolic filling and will enlarge the IVC as volume remains peripherally). Physiology: ↓ Volume Status -> ↓ Stroke Volume -> ↓ Cardiac Output -> Hypotension
Approach: Do a quick bedside physical examination, then grab your ultrasound probe to assess the inferior vena cava (IVC) and left ventricle (LV) volume. Physical examination: Look at the patient's face. Dry mucous membranes? Sunken eyes? Feel the extremities. Abnormal skin turgor (ie tenting when pinched)? Poor capillary refill (ie > 2 seconds)? Weak pulse? Cool extremities? IVC/LV Ultrasound Flat/collapsed IVC (anteroposterior diameter of the IVC < 2 cm in size with > 50% collapse with respiratory variation) with hyperdynamic LV. Differential: Hypovolemia vs. Hemorrhage. Is this due to hypovolemia from dehydration? Hemorrhage from a ruptured AAA/ectopic/GI Bleed? FAST the patient Abdominal aorta > 3 cm indicates AAA Abdominal or pelvic free fluid Serial bedside HGB testing Treatment: Fluid/blood resuscitation Plethoric / plump, non-compressible IVC, which is significantly greater than LV volume. Ask yourself if there is an obstruction to the flow through the heart or the lungs? -> Obstructive shock Differential: Cardiac tamponade vs. RV infarction vs. severe pulm HTN/massive pulmonary embolism (PE) vs. asthmatic alveolar air trapping vs. tension pneumothorax (PTX) Ultrasound findings to look for: Anechoic fluid surrounding heart with diastolic collapse -> cardiac tamponade RV strain (RV/LV ratio > 0.9, “D sign”) -> Pulmonary HTN of some cause (massive PE? Alveolar air trapping?) Lack of lung sliding or “bar code” sign -> PTX Treatment: Depends on underlying cause Distended, non-collapsing IVC with dilated LV Move on to cardiac cause in step 3 Normal IVC with diameter >2cm but <50% collapse with respiration May trials a small bolus of volume if lung auscultation is clear Move on to cardiac cause in step 3
Do a quick bedside physical examination, then grab your ultrasound probe to assess the
Cardiac Performance:
Assess this after you've determined that step 1 and 2 are normal. That is, the HR is not the cause of diastolic limitations to myocardial blood flow, intravenous volume is adequate, and there is no obstruction to flow through the thoracic circuit.
you've determined that step 1 and 2 are normal. That is, the HR is not the cause of diastolic limitations to myocardial blood flow, intravenous volume is adequate, and there is no obstruction to flow through the thoracic circuit. Physiology: ↓ Cardiac Contractility -> ↓ Stroke Volume -> ↓ Cardiac Output -> Hypotension
Approach: Assess myocardial performance by cardiopulmonary physical examination, ECG, and bedside ultrasound to assess left ventricular (LV) function. Physical examination High-pitched holosystolic murmur radiating to axilla? Diastolic murmur at RUSB radiating to LLSB? Systolic murmur at RUSB radiating to neck? Crackles/rales? Elevated JVP or obvious JVD? Peripheral edema? Ultrasound – Short axis parasternal view Do the LV walls collapse well in systole? If not, there is decreased LV contractility/EF Treatment: inotropy to move blood forward +/- vasopressors to increase SVR/diastolic pressure and hence coronary perfusion. Is volume truly going forward? -> Acute mitral regurgitation (MR) or acute aortic regurgitation (AR) Murmur and rales on exam with multiple B lines on lung sonography
Assess by cardiopulmonary physical examination, ECG, and bedside ultrasound to assess left ventricular (LV) function. Differential: Cardiogenic shock (Decompensated heart failure, acute MI, acute MR, acute AR)
Systemic Vascular Resistance:
If 1-3 are okay, then the pt is hypotensive despite a HR allowing diastolic filling of LV lumen and coronary arteries, adequate intravenous volume, no obstruction through the pulmonary circuit and hence adequate LV diastolic volume, and adequate contractile function with forward flow out the aortic root. In this setting, there must be a component of peripheral vasodilation to explain low intravascular tone at the measured artery.
a HR allowing diastolic filling of LV lumen and coronary arteries, adequate intravenous volume, no obstruction through the pulmonary circuit and hence adequate LV diastolic volume, and adequate contractile function with forward flow out the aortic root. In this setting, there must be a component of peripheral vasodilation to explain low intravascular tone at the measured artery. Physiology: Since blood pressure is a balance of cardiac output and systemic vascular resistance, decreasing SVR can result in hypotension.
Approach: Physical examination How do the extremities feel? Are they warm and vasodilated? Or are they cold, clamped and vasoconstricted?
Differential: Distributive shock (sepsis, anaphylaxis, vasodilatory medication overdose, neurogenic shock, fulminant liver failure, and other causes of severe acidemia including toxic ingestion, inherent metabolic disturbance, or mitochondrial poisons like cyanide, hydrogen sulfide, & carbon monoxide). Treatment: Depends on underlying cause
(sepsis, anaphylaxis, vasodilatory medication overdose, neurogenic shock, fulminant liver failure, and other causes of severe acidemia including toxic ingestion, inherent metabolic disturbance, or mitochondrial poisons like cyanide, hydrogen sulfide, & carbon monoxide).
Bottom Line/Pearls & Pitfalls
Treat the patient, not the number. A blood pressure of 120/80 mmHg in a chronically hypertensive patient can be dangerously low. Whatever the HPI may suggest, unbiased implementation of the bedside physical examination and sonography are crucial in the workup of unexplained hypotension. The four step systematic approach of sequentially assessing heart rate, volume status, cardiac performance, and systemic vascular resistance can narrow the differential and guide management. Furthermore, recent RCT evidence has shown that goal-directed ultrasound can lead to “fewer viable diagnostic etiologies and a more accurate physician impression of final diagnosis.”
We highly recommend EM physicians read and implement the following various available bedside ultrasound examinations into their practice:
Acknowledgement
We would like to thank Dr. Ravi Morchi for allowing us to share this approach to hypotension. He came up with this method and has been teaching this technique to the emergency medicine residents at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center since 2009.
References // Further Reading
Atkinson PRT, McAuely DJ, Kendall RJ. Abdominal and Cardiac Evaluation with Sonography in Shock (ACES): an approach by emergency physicians for the use of ultrasound in patients with undifferentiated hypotension. Emergency Medicine Journal. 2009; 26: 87-91
Klabunde, RE. The Pharmacologic Treatment of Hypotension. Cardiovascular Pharmacology Concepts, 2007.
Jones AE., et al. “Randomized, controlled trial of immediate versus delayed goal-directed ultrasound to identify the cause of nontraumatic hypotension in emergency department patients*.” Critical care medicine 32.8 (2004): 1703-1708.
32.8 (2004): 1703-1708. Morchi, R. Lecture in Undifferentiated Hypotension. 2014.
Perera P, Mailhot T, Riley D, Mandavia D. The RUSH exam: rapid ultrasound in shock in the evaluation of the critically ill. Emergency Medicine Clinics of North America. 2010; 28(1): 29–56.
Weekes AJ, Zapata RJ, Napolitano A. Symptomatic hypotension: ED stabilization and the emerging role of sonography. EM Practice 2007, Nov 1;9(11).
Weingart SD, Duque D, Nelson B. Rapid ultrasound for shock and hypotension (RUSH-HIMAPP). 2009; http://emedhome.com/.
Wu, Teresa. The CORE Scan: Concentrated Overview of Resuscitative Efforts. Critical Care Clinics. January, 2014.
[CentOS-announce] Release for CentOS-6.3 i386 and x86_64
We are pleased to announce the immediate availability of CentOS-6.3 for i386 and x86_64 Architectures. Release Notes for 6.3 are available at http://wiki.centos.org/Manuals/ReleaseNotes/CentOS6.3 - we recommend everyone looks through those once. CentOS-6.3 is based on the upstream release EL 6.3 and includes packages from all variants. All upstream repositories have been combined into one, to make it easier for end users to work with. All updates released since upstream 6.3 release are also released to the CentOS-6.3 mirrors. +++++++++++++++++++++++ Upgrading from CentOS-4 or CentOS-5: We recommend everyone run through a reinstallation rather than attempt an inplace upgrade from CentOS-4 or CentOS-5. +++++++++++++++++++++++ Upgrading from CentOS-6.0 / 6.1 or 6.2 Unless you have edited your yum configs, a 'yum update' should move your machine seamlessly from any previous CentOS-6.x release to CentOS-6.3 +++++++++++++++++++++++ Downloading CentOS-6.3 for new installs: When possible, consider using torrents to run the downloads. Usually its also the fastest means to download the distro. Torrent files for the DVD's are available at : http://mirror.centos.org/centos/6.3/isos/i386/CentOS-6.3-i386-bin-DVD1to2.torrent http://mirror.centos.org/centos/6.3/isos/x86_64/CentOS-6.3-x86_64-bin-DVD1to2.torrent You can also use a mirror close to you : http://www.centos.org/modules/tinycontent/index.php?id=30 Most mirrors will allow direct DVD downloads over http, ftp and rsync. Please keep in mind that not all mirrors are currently updated, some might take upto another 24 hours before they have all the content. We have also made efforts to try and ensure that most install types and roles can be run from DVD-1 itself. +++++++++++++++++++++++ sha1sum for the CentOS-6.3 ISOS: i386: 541f98e36a7034ab3b470ddf5e2232df3829983e CentOS-6.3-i386-bin-DVD1.iso 44d9e8652af683b844138ea2ea03e6772c18a613 CentOS-6.3-i386-bin-DVD2.iso c596411085110dbb67fb030e667ae054afb413c8 CentOS-6.3-i386-minimal.iso 51dcbf68ddc0fc2907ecbba055bf041dc8ae7ca9 CentOS-6.3-i386-netinstall.iso x86_64: eaa52f3d1ccf2df3b03e064fb0fa6168be28a4d4 CentOS-6.3-x86_64-bin-DVD1.iso 29eee5946372ed29de509b9604d895b99d36a33f CentOS-6.3-x86_64-bin-DVD2.iso 09801301433c8dc1a93d732790f9a4d8ca7895e6 CentOS-6.3-x86_64-minimal.iso c85069ee289d6eb279ba1c1ab0c259513302b8fd CentOS-6.3-x86_64-netinstall.iso +++++++++++++++++++++++ Sources and Debuginfo packages: SRPMS and debuginfo packages are released to vault.centos.org. +++++++++++++++++++++++ LiveCD and LiveDVD We will be releasing the LiveCD and LiveDVD images in the next few days for both i386 and x86_64. +++++++++++++++++++++++ CentOS on PowerPC Work is under-way to bring CentOS-6 to the powerpc platform and we hope to have a Beta CentOS-6.3 release by the end of August. +++++++++++++++++++++++ Getting Help: The best place to start when looking for help with CentOS is at the wiki ( http://wiki.centos.org/GettingHelp ) which lists various options and communities who might be able to help. If you think there is a bug in the system, do report it at http://bugs.centos.org/ - but keep in mind that the bugs system is *not* a support mechanism. +++++++++++++++++++++++ Contributing and joining the project: We are always looking for people to join and help with various things in the project. If you are keen to help out a good place to start is the wiki page at http://wiki.centos.org/Contribute . If you have questions or a specific area you would like to contribute towards that is not covered on that page, feel free to drop in on #centos-devel at irc.freenode.net for a chat or email the centos-devel list (http://lists.centos.org). +++++++++++++++++++++++ Thanks to everyone who contributed towards making CentOS 6.3, specially the effort put in, as always, by the QA team. A special shout out to all the donors who have contributed hardware, network connectivity, hosting and resources over the years. The CentOS project now has a fairly well setup resource pool, purely thanks to the donors. Enjoy! -- Karanbir Singh <kbsingh at centos.org> The CentOS Project {http://www.centos.org} irc: z00dax at irc.freenode.net ( #centos, #centos-devel )
“I had my phone low and I wasn't bothering anybody,” she said, telling the outlet she was messaging a friend having relationship trouble. “It wasn't like constant texting.”
In his claim, Vezmar states that “while damages sought are modest, the principle is important as defendant's behavior is a threat to civilized society.” He told HuffPost that he tried to be a “perfect gentleman” by asking his date to stop and is sorry that she feels uncomfortable. In his eyes, the issue is a straightforward one about selfish behavior.
“If she contacted me and said here take the money, this would be over. She has not,” Vezmar said.
The Alamo Drafthouse, a theater chain famous for its no texting stance, has offered Vezmar a gift certificate to drop the suit, according to a follow-up by the Statesman. CEO Tim League doesn't want the case to waste the valuable time of the courts.
“On one hand, I am concerned about our courts being clogged with superfluous lawsuits, but as Vezmar states, ‘this is a threat to civilized society,'” League told the Statesman.
Judging from his Twitter feed, he seems to be enjoying the attention he's receiving ― even if it hasn't come from his date.
Movie theater attendance has been declining, with 2016 being the worst year for movie sales in nearly 100 years, Vanity Fair reported last summer. Simply based on the reaction to Vezmar's claim, part of that decline may be due to the price of tickets ― nearly $20 ― and the fact someone else may ruin the experience.
Even the “Guardians” director James Gunn jumped in to the outrage, declaring “she deserves jail time!”
Suspect killed, 3 officers wounded in shootout in central Laredo
A man wanted for questioning in connection with a homicide was killed and three Laredo police officers were wounded Friday in a shootout, according to LPD.
Police said Antonio Gerardo Rodriguez exchanged gunfire with the officers in the parking lot of a Stripes convenience store located at McPherson and Hillside roads.
EMS crews took the three officers and Rodriguez to local hospitals. Rodriguez was pronounced dead shortly thereafter. The officers' conditions are unknown.
"We ask the community for prayers for the officers and their families," said Investigator Joe Baeza, LPD spokesman.
The Laredo Police Department analyzes the scene of a fatal shootout between a homicide suspect and LPD officers on June 2, 2017. The Laredo Police Department analyzes the scene of a fatal shootout between a homicide suspect and LPD officers on June 2, 2017. Photo: Ulysses S. Romero/Laredo Morning Times Photo: Ulysses S. Romero/Laredo Morning Times Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Suspects killed, 3 officers wounded in shootout in central Laredo 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
Police said in a public advisory issued at about 4:20 p.m. Friday that they were attempting to locate Rodriguez in connection with the slaying of his girlfriend.
"Mr. Rodriguez is considered armed and dangerous," police said in the advisory.
At about 5 p.m., officers saw a vehicle matching the description of the one driven by Rodriguez. It was parked outside the Stripes. Police said Rodriguez opened fire on the officers as they approached the vehicle. The officers returned fire.
"It was intense," Baeza said of the shootout.
LPD said it had been searching for Rodriguez after his girlfriend, Reyna Gonzalez Zamora, 50, was found dead at about 11:15 a.m. Friday. Her body was found when LPD conducted a welfare concern check at her apartment in the 400 block of East Travis Street.
She had been shot once in her upper torso, police said. Gonzalez was pronounced dead at the scene.
ANDERSON, Ind. (WISH) - Another Indiana county is asking the state for a needle exchange program.
Madison County today declared a public health emergency in response to a growing Hepatitis C outbreak
Health officials there say they've seen a steady increase in cases during the last three years.
"You got people exchanging bodily fluids and risking their health and other people's health," said Nanette Brooks, as she walked through downtown Anderson.
The Madison County Health Department reported 130 people diagnosed with Hepatitis C in 2014, nearly double the number from 2013.
"When you have increased Hepatitis C rates, then you need to be aware that HIV could soon follow," said Kellie Kelley, the HIV/Hepatitis C Program Manager at the Madison County Health Department.
With state approval, the declaration allows them to set up a needle exchange program.
"If nothing else, we want to provide a clean environment when they do inject," said Susan Maier, the Director of Outpatient Services at Aspire Indiana.
Maier says 90 percent of new Hepatitis C and HIV cases are linked to injection drug use. She says a needle exchange program can provide them with some cover as they get people into treatment.
Aspire Indiana is working with the county to establish the program.
"We are here to help each other and that's what I think we're doing by providing resources and providing assistance and hopefully providing recovery for people in the future," said Maier.
In Scott County, more than 25,000 needles have been handed out since March. Injection drug use there infected 169 people with HIV since the winter.
"Whatever your philosophy is about addiction, its an illness," said Maier.
In addition to needles, they hope to also offer testing, treatment, and information on how to get health insurance.
Kelley says the county will present its proposal to the state Wednesday, the state then has 10 days to review it, they can either approve or have further discussion. Kelley says the plan is to have the program up and running by late summer.
or “Help me learn Rust by pairing with me”
After years working in interpreted languages (Ruby, JavaScript) I recently discovered Rust. As I sadly don't have the opportunity to use Rust directly in a client project, I decided to come up with a toy project to help me learn the language.
As Rust is supposedly good for programs that actually need raw speed (unlike the web apps I generally write) I decided to come back to one of my old time favourites: artificial intelligence for the game of Go.
I had already tried writing a few of those in recent years (including helping Jason House with his bot written in D), but every time I had the problem that working alone wasn't very motivating so I never managed to produce a working program.
To combat this I'm trying to pair program with people (i.e. you) to keep me going. So if you're interested in either learning Rust with me or writing an AI for the game of Go, please get in touch!
Currently (as of April 2014) the project is still in it's infancy (actually no code was written, yet), but please check out the repository and Trello board.
If you're new to Rust I suggest the 30-minute Introduction to Rust, The Rust Language Tutorial, and Rust by Example as a start. If you're new to the game of Go … well there's a whole Wiki about it! And for computer go related content the best place is the computer-go mailing list.
So, please get in touch so that we can get this started!
Behind The Curtain Of 'Disgraced'
A play that tackles Islamophobia and questions of Muslim-American identity recently won the Pulitzer Prize for drama. The play is Disgraced, by first-time playwright Ayad Akhtar. He talks with guest host Celeste Headlee about his play and the significance of the award.
CELESTE HEADLEE, HOST:
This is TELL ME MORE from NPR News. I'm Celeste Headlee. Michel Martin is away. Coming up, the story of one of the world's biggest and most destructive industries, tourism. Author Elizabeth Becker talks about the explosion in travel since the Cold War.
But, first, we're talking about traveling between cultural worlds here in the U.S., the struggle between honoring your religious and ethnic roots and also embracing an American identity. That's the story that's as old as pretty much the country itself. That dilemma has been especially powerful recently for Muslim-Americans and those tensions are at the heart of "Disgraced," a play that recently won the Pulitzer Prize for drama.
The story centers around Amir Kapoor, a successful Pakistani-American lawyer who has no time for Islam. Here's a clip from "Disgraced." This is a performance at the Lincoln Center in New York.
(SOUNDBITE OF PLAY, "DISGRACED")
AASIF MANDVI: (as Amir Kapoor) The next terrorist attack is coming from someone who, kind of, sort of, looks like me.
HEIDI ARMBRUSTER: (as Emily Kapoor) See, I totally disagree. The next attack is coming from some white guy who's got a gun and needs a nap.
MANDVI: (as Amir Kapoor) And he's pointing it at someone who, kind of, sort of, looks like me.
ARMBRUSTER: (as Emily Kapoor) Not necessarily.
HEADLEE: "Disgraced" has moments of humor, anger and even tragedy. Playwright Ayad Akhtar is in London rehearsing "Disgraced" for its British debut and he joins me now.
Welcome to the program and, first of all, congratulations, of course.
AYAD AKHTAR: Thank you so much, Celeste.
HEADLEE: This is your first play. What an amazing thing to try writing a play and your very first effort wins the Pulitzer.
AKHTAR: Yeah. I know. Where do you go from there?
HEADLEE: I'm asking you that.
AKHTAR: Your guess is as good as mine. I still barely believe it's happened, so I'm still sorting through it all.
HEADLEE: The lead character in your play, Amir Kapoor - to what extent is the situation that he's in reminiscent of your own situation?
AKHTAR: Well, you know, he's a corporate lawyer pulling in somewhere north of 600 grand a year. I...
HEADLEE: You don't make that much is what you're saying?
AKHTAR: I - yeah. That's an understatement. You know, I'm an actor by training and I think I come to the writing process with the idea or the process of identification with my characters and sort of building from the inside out. So, with Amir, there's obviously, you know, fragments of things that I'm taking from my own life. You know, my dad always said I was really good with words and really good at sort of - you know, I could talk the monkeys out of the trees. I should become a lawyer.
You know, I think that, in some way, perhaps, you know, Amir is a kind of projected self that I could have become had I made some very different choices, but you know, I think what perhaps he and I share is an attempt - how would I put it? What do we share? I think we share the dilemma of coming to terms with what it means to be Muslim whether that's a cultural term or a religious term or however we're defining it in a post-9/11 world where being Muslim is not a neutral fact.
The play is about how we talk about Islam, how we frame Islam, what meaning we find in it and how those conversations are actually not just theoretical conversations. They have some pretty profound emotional content for people these days.
HEADLEE: There was one way, though, in which real life inspired you. At least I understand that the scene, the very dramatic, slightly tragic scene at the dinner party was inspired by a real party that you attended.
AKHTAR: Yeah. I had a - you know, I was at a dinner party in 2006 with some friends and talk turned to Islam and a couple of European friends were there and we were sort of talking about the kinds of difficulties that European countries and the multicultural experiment in Europe was running up against, you know, communities that were having difficulty being integrated into that larger project and my perspective on some of the issues, I think, was so unusual and surprising to my friends who I don't think had identified me as Muslim, at least not in any operative sense.
And I noticed in a very subtle way how that evening shifted their idea of me and it always - after that night, it always struck me that this would be a great idea for a play where...
HEADLEE: Wait. It shifted their idea of you in a negative way or a positive way?
AKHTAR: You know, it just changed the idea that they had of who I was.
HEADLEE: You know, in a certain way, your play feels a bit prophetic because the recent bombings in Boston and the reactions among some in terms of how you treat somebody who's Muslim, but is also an American citizen. This is something that your play grapples with. What was your reaction to not just the bombings themselves, but some of the discussion that's gone on since?
AKHTAR: You know, obviously, what happened in Boston is, it's tragic. And there's always this rush in the wake of trauma to formulate and categorize and some of that is obviously necessary and inevitable and unavoidable, but it doesn't appeal or doesn't draw on, I think, our stronger instincts. That is to say I think fast thinking in these instances is perhaps not really what's needed. Time, processing. I think that's one of the things that art can do is to convey or to offer a multi-valiant picture that the audience, the reader has to make sense of, offer questions that are thorny and difficult, which are not easily resolved, which serve as vehicles for a process of understanding, a process of integrating what it is that we know and coming to terms with that which we don't know.
HEADLEE: What you're discussing seems to be coming into consideration when they award things like the Pulitzer or the Nobel Peace Prize, for example, giving that to the European Union, to me, at least, felt like more of a political statement, an aspirational award. Do you think that giving the Pulitzer Prize to a play like yours - not just on its merits alone, which are great, absolutely - but is it effective? I mean, does this do something for the - I mean, if there's a message of your play, it would seem to me to be helping people get a deeper look at a culture and a religion that, in the United States, has been stereotyped too often. So does the Pulitzer help you get that message across?
AKHTAR: To me, that was not what I was doing when I was writing the play. I was not trying to convey some picture of Muslim-American life or to open a window onto a neglected community, representationally. As a writer, I'm working from the particular to the universal and I feel that, you know, so maybe not as effectively, but I feel that, if I'm not doing that, then the work really only has sociological interest.
It can't really engage an audience unless it lives and breathes in a place where the audience lives and breathes. The play has to reach the viewer in their own intimate, personal space, so to the extent that, you know, I'm writing about Muslim-American experience, it really is a portal onto a set of themes and preoccupations that are much more enduring and I think much more - at least, hopefully - universal.
HEADLEE: Well, congratulations to you again and much luck with your...
AKHTAR: Thank you so much.
HEADLEE: ...production in London and all of the other things you're involved in. That's playwright and actor, Ayad Akhtar. He's the winner of the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for drama for his debut play, "Disgraced." It opens in London next month and he joined us from the BBC studios there.
Thank you so much.
AKHTAR: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2013 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
This past May Day (AKA “Victims of Communism Day”), Illinois Senator Dick Durban attended and spoke at a rally with anarchists, international socialists, and the Communist Party USA, that was promoted by Occupy Chicago.
When questioned about his choice of company, Durban offered the lame excuse that he spoke at the rally because he “believe[s] in the Constitution” and that because the protesters had a right to free assembly and speech.
Of course, if any politician were to attend a KKK rally or a Furry convention, and tried to use that excuse, he/she/it would be hounded out of office. Yes, all those groups have a right to assemble and to speak their mind, but supporting their 1st Amendment right to do so does not require outright endorsement.
But then, to the far left, “anything that is not illegal in a socialist state will be mandatory.”
Hat Tip: Legal Insurrection.
Tweet
April 18th, 2016 at 4:28 am
We've been teasing you about our “AI” expansion for the past couple months, and it's finally here. Blue Manchu and Penny Arcade have teamed up to bring you six new adventures based on the Acquisitions Incorporated role-playing sessions. In these adventures you'll control Omin Dran, Binwin Bronzebottom, and Jim Darkmagic as they quest for profit in Cardhuntria. Interview potential interns, shop for cemetery ornaments, and save the day at a deliciously dangerous wedding in a series of battles that introduce completely new gameplay mechanics to Card Hunter. Get acquiring now!
Acquisitions Inc.
Omin, CEO of Acquisitions Inc., is a half-elf cleric whose singular obsession is corporate dominance. Binwin, the dwarf berserker who moonlights as an ale brewer, specializes in cracking skulls. And Jim, ever the narcissistic troublemaker, is a human wizard who's often more magician than mage. This trio has expanded their franchise into Cardhuntria and quickly run into finance troubles. Will their new office make it into the black?
Acquisitions Inc. is a series of fantasy role-playing sessions played by the creators of Penny Arcade that has been entertaining audiences at PAX since 2008. Our new expansion is full of the zany antics fans have come to expect. If you are unfamiliar with Acquisitions Inc., you can catch up on their adventures here: https://www.penny-arcade.com/patv/episode/acq.-inc
New Adventures
Acquisitions Inc. expands the Card Hunter campaign with three treasure hunts and three bonus adventures to challenge players. The new treasure hunts are revealed when you successfully raid the Viscous Tombs (level 10) or defeat the Goblins in the Woods (level 11). Alternatively, they will reveal immediately if you purchase the new AI bundle — which includes all six adventures, three new figures, and a month's membership in the Card Hunter Club, all for the low price of $5.99.
• Preconstructed Treasure Hunts: The main storyline of the expansion takes place over three treasure hunts in which you control Omin, Binwin, and Jim using prebuilt decks. Being treasure hunts these adventures each provide an epic item reward upon completion. Because these adventures use preconstructed decks, you can play them regardless of what stage of the campaign you are at.
• Hard Mode Challenges: Beating each of the main adventures unlocks a special “hard mode” challenge adventure in which you play through the same battles using your own party. Some of these battles include harder monsters, so beware. These challenge adventures guarantee a rare item on each completion and also include five quests each to baffle skilled players. Hard mode challenge adventures are pitched at level 12.
• Caverns of Chaos: With the arrival of Acquisitions Inc. in Cardhuntria, the Caverns of Chaos will now include traps, denizens of the Negative Energy Plane, animated food, and more! Also, rumor has it that Omin, Binwin, and Jim might randomly show up in the caverns… These changes to the Caverns of Chaos affect all players, whether or not they buy the new adventures.
If you don't feel like purchasing the Acquisitions Inc. bundle, you can purchase the new treasure hunts individually with pizza. And, of course, you'll be able to access the corresponding hard mode challenge adventure for each treasure hunt you've purchased.
New Items
There are 16 new items in this expansion — one for almost every item slot. As with all our expansions, the new items can drop in any chest you open regardless of whether you've purchased the new adventures or the bundle. The new item set gives players access to powerful new effects like Uncanny Dodge, Delegate, or Double Axe to the Face. Here's a preview:
Multiplayer
Four new ranked boards are rotating in as part of the expansion. These boards either necessitate or reward emphasizing movement in your deckbuilding. Good luck mastering these new battlefields!
We're also introducing four new leagues: Office Mixup, Smash the Jar, Musical Chairs, and Filing Fracas Quick Draw.
Player-Created Content
We're not missing a beat this month with Mauve Manticore #15 and Aloyzo's Arsenal #8 coming out in tandem with the expansion. This month's Mauve Manticore is a bit trickier than the last several, but we trust you'll find it a worthwhile challenge as it guarantees TWO epic drops on completion — Magic Elves's Pressing Problems and Adunien's Mad Centaur Spear. We are always on the lookout for great adventure and item submissions from our fans, so send something in today!
Mauve Manticore Submission Thread
Aloyzo's Arsenal Discussion Thread
SPOKANE, Wash. -- The damage to a Wash. woman's car may have been minimal when it was hit at a red light, but the shock value certainly wasn't when she realized who was behind the wheel, reports CBS-affiliate station KREM.
Toby and his owner getting into the car he took for an apparent joyride. CBS / KREM
At first, Tabitha Ormaechea could not see anyone inside the car that had seemingly come out of nowhere and bumped into her tire.
“When I looked up, there was no one in the car, just a little dog up on the steering wheel peeking over looking at me,” said Ormaechea.
“I was shocked, I didn't know if I was crazy, or if this little dog had taken a joy ride,” said Ormaechea.
And that's exactly what happened.
“I didn't know what to think. Someone just ran into the store and asked if anyone has a gold car and I said, 'Yeah, me why,'” said dog owner Jason Martinez.
Martinez said he had been in the store for just minutes when his Chihuahua Toby caused the scene.
“He must have knocked it out of gear and the car rolled out,” said Martinez.
Thankfully, no one was hurt. However, Martinez said Toby's license has been revoked.
CBS
One of the areas Hassan al Thawadi refused to discuss during my Newsnight interview with him was the amount of money Qatar spent on its successful World Cup bid.
Despite repeatedly asking him to reveal the bid's budget the former chief executive, now overseeing preparations for the tournament 11 years from now, wouldn't budge.
He argued - perhaps with some justification - that if he opened up Qatar's accounts for public scrutiny then he would be inviting another wave of international opprobrium at the country's vast spending power. He didn't say this but he probably also felt that inferences would once again be drawn about Qatar's methods of winning influence during the controversial two-year campaign.
But al Thawadi does admit that his country's bid budget was way more than the $43m (£27m at current exchange rates) previously reported. My guess is that it is closer to $100m (£63m). He spent $27m (£17m) alone on a mini prototype stadium with the air-cooling technology Qatar plans to roll out during the World Cup, while about the same again was spent on the bid's marketing and press budget.
Once you include the money spent on high-profile ambassadors such as Zinedine Zidane and factor in the cost of building the Al Sadd Stadium - the first fully functioning air-conditioned arena in Qatar - then it's easy to see why rival bidders such as the United States argue that it wasn't a level playing field.
Al Thawadi says Qatar had to spend big because it was the underdog and had to convince the world it meant business.
"We will not lie, our budget was significantly higher than any of the other bids," he told me. "But if you take into consideration what we had to spend it on. We started behind everyone else, we had to win hearts and minds."
Maybe this really was what Jerome Valcke, the general secretary of Fifa, was referring to when he wrote that e-mail to Jack Warner decrying the fact that Mohamed Bin Hammam, the Qatari head of Asian football, was trying to buy votes "as Qatar bought WC" (the World Cup).
Al Thawadi said Qatar officials were angry when the e-mail was leaked by Warner and even went so far as to threaten Valcke with legal action unless he clarified his remarks. He goes on to hint at the possibility that Valcke and other senior Fifa officials were opposed to Qatar's bid.
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed. Visit BBC Webwise for full instructions. If you're reading via RSS, you'll need to visit the blog to access this content.
"There were a lot of people who did not take our bid seriously, whether it was inside Fifa or outside Fifa," he said. By finally coming out and putting Qatar's case, al Thawadi will hope he has drawn a line under the wave of negative publicity that he and his team have faced since winning the bid, publicity he said was motivated by prejudice. On this point I believe he is wrong. It is not prejudice which is driving the anti-Qatar lobby.
It is partly incredulity at the decision taken by 14 members of the Fifa executive committee to send the World Cup to a country, which despite all its money, is still at such an early stage of its development. A country which can experience temperatures of more than 50 degrees during the summer months when the tournament would be played.
It was unseasonably cool last week while I was in Doha but it was still in the mid-40s and when the humidity was high, it was unbearable for longer than 10 minutes. According to Qatar's current plans the World Cup final would have been played on 3 July.
But the main reason for the cynicism towards Qatar is that people refuse to believe that Fifa, an organisation now mired in corruption allegations, could have reached a conclusion on the contest for 2022 in a sound and untainted way.
With "whistleblower" Phaedra Almajid's retraction of corruption allegations against members of Fifa's executive committee and Qatar's 2022 World Cup bid, the main source of claims against the Gulf state appears to have gone quiet.
This means Mohamed Bin Hammam now poses the biggest threat to Qatar's reputation. If he is thrown out of Fifa for trying to bribe Caribbean football officials during his bid for the presidency, fresh questions will be asked about his role during the 2022 campaign.
Al Thawadi distanced himself and the bid from Bin Hammam, saying he wasn't the architect of their success. But however reluctant he may have been at the start of the campaign it still seems a bit far fetched to claim Bin Hammam played no part in persuading his fellow executive committee members to back his country.
Ultimately - and al Thawadi and his lawyers in London know this - it all comes down to evidence and as things stand there isn't a single piece of hard, irrefutable proof that he or his team did anything which broke Fifa's rules during Qatar's bid.
Fifa stated this again on Monday, backing its members who had previously been accused of corruption, and effectively closing down any remaining calls for a review of the 2022 decision.
That won't stop people wondering how on earth Qatar won it. But for now it buys al Thawadi and Qatar a bit of breathing space.
If only the same could be said for Fifa.
For now, mass cannabis production and scalable business models aren't as vigorous as they could be because marijuana remains illegal under federal law. Banks and credit card companies are prohibited from processing pot business transactions, according to federal rules.
But working within state guidelines, scrappy entrepreneurs are moving forward with ambitious cannabis business strategies. They see potential for big sales and profits—especially if more mid-sized businesses can transition to large, national brands.
Wealthy individual investors already are tapping private equity firms for a bite of the potentially lucrative marijuana business.
"Our investors are from the far left and the far right," said Brendan Kennedy, chief executive of Privateer Holdings, a cannabis-focused private equity firm. "There's old money and new money. You put them in a room and they wouldn't agree on anything else but this issue," Kennedy said. Seattle-based Privateer also acquired Leafly.com, which offers online reviews of cannabis strains and dispensaries.
Forget gold rush: A billion-dollar green rush
In a new analysis on the marijuana marketplace, San Francisco-based angel investor network ArcView Group forecasts a 64 percent surge in the legal U.S. cannabis market to $2.34 billion by 2014. The five-year national market could grow to $10.2 billion amid rising demand and potentially new state markets, according to ArcView forecasts.
Supporters of legalized marijuana are pushing for ballot measures in Alaska and California.
"There's been a remarkable evolution in the cannabis industry," said Steve Berg, editor at ArcView Market Research. ArcView offers start-up funds to cannabis businesses. "While certain people do still smoke joints, many other formats used are constituting an increasing portion of the market," Berg said.
New marijuana ingestion methods beyond smoking are helping to drive cannabis' growth. Marijuana concentrates are the fastest growing category of products. Oil extracted from raw cannabis also can offer exact dosing for medicinal purposes, including the treatment of chronic pain. Nonsmoking technologies include vaporization, edibles and capsules.
In the midst of this social experiment to abolish cannabis prohibition, entrepreneurs are jumping into a Wild West-like landscape of marijuana market opportunities. They're hoping for a first-mover advantage. This new gold rush sometimes is referred to as a "green rush," led by "ganjapreneuers."
Beyond actual pot production and sales, more ancillary businesses are emerging, including security, insurance and e-commerce companies that support the legal marijuana supply chain.
(Read more: Colorado's pot economy has growing pains)
LEBANON, N.H. -- Hoping to establish a competitive position once the Republican presidential primary contest shifts its focus from Iowa to New Hampshire, Jon Huntsman sharply criticized Mitt Romney on Tuesday, saying the frontrunner would be an agent for Wall Street and protector of the status quo if elected.
In an exclusive interview with The Huffington Post, the former Utah governor challenged Romney to prove his independence from the financial sector's biggest players.
"It is not necessarily about the history of his involvement on Wall Street," Huntsman said, shortly after addressing a room full of doctors and other medical employees at Dartmouth Medical Center in Lebanon, N.H. "It is the fact that he has raised so much money from the large banks, the banks that need to be right-sized. If you are the largest recipient of funds from Wall Street, and in particular the large banks, you are not going to be inclined to want to change that model. Because those who run those banks want no change, they profit off the status quo and clearly they are not going to be inclined to want to bring about any change."
Aides to Romney declined to respond to the charge, underscoring the extent to which they feel unthreatened by Huntsman's current position in the polls. They also appear to be confident that voters are not bothered by the composition of Romney's donor base -- and perhaps with good reason. According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Romney has raised $7.8 million from the finance, insurance, and real estate industries, or 24 percent of the $32 million he has raised in the first three quarters of 2011. Huntsman, meanwhile, received $467,000 from finance, insurance, and real estate donors. While that figure is far smaller than the amount Romney received, it also represents 21 percent of the total donations Huntsman raked in during that time period.
But it's not just Romney's money that the Huntsman campaign is hoping to turn into a liability. An aide to the Utah Republican argued that Romney has no real plan to deal with certain institutions being too big to fail, and said Romney admitted that much in an interview with Real Clear Politics last week:
Asked, for instance, whether a President Romney would allow a financial institution as large as Bank of America or Citigroup to fail in a hypothetical crisis, he first emphasized that he “would not suggest that some institutions should be free from the prospect of the bankruptcy courts.” But after reiterating that he doesn't support bailing out individual institutions, Romney left himself some leeway. “Obviously, I will look at the circumstances that might exist in the future,” he said.
Huntsman, by contrast, has argued for banks to be reduced in size, and for stricter limits to be placed on the type of financial activities they can undertake.
"I want those banks to be down where they were in the 1990s, where if they screw up, if they get sick, they can fail. They won't bring all of us down with them," he explained to the crowd of medical professionals. "We need a president, ladies and gentlemen, who is going to take on the banking sector."
Asked about that plan in an interview with The Huffington Post last week, Romney argued that the way to fundamentally resolve the issue of institutions being too big to fail was to change the structure of the banking system at large.
He should have known better. Bill Clinton spent the years after he left the White House loudly and bitterly lamenting the fact that Yasir Arafat cost him a Nobel Peace Prize. Clinton hosted a peace summit at Camp David in the summer of 2000 at which Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak offered the Palestinians an independent state including almost all of the West Bank, a share of Jerusalem and Gaza in exchange for peace. Arafat said “no” and months later launched a terrorist war of attrition. But in spite of this, Clinton told a huge crowd in Tel Aviv last night that “it is up to you” in order to make peace in the Middle East. Clinton was an honored guest at a peace rally/commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Yitzhak Rabin's murder. President Obama also sent taped remarks along similar lines that were played at the event.
It is all well and good to praise the search for peace. It is quite another to tell them that it is up to them to decide whether there will be peace. Because if there is anything that the last 22 years have taught us, it is that it clearly not up to the Israeli people.
According to Clinton:
I always thought the role of the United States was to provide whatever help necessary to ensure Israel's security, maximize the benefits of peace and minimize the risks. But the decision is yours. The next step in the magnificent story of Israel… the next step will be determined by whether you decide that Rabin was right, that you have to share your future with your neighbors, that you have to stand for peace, that the risk for peace isn't as severe as the risk of walking away from it. We are praying that you will make the right decision.
Yet, as Clinton knows, Barak repeated the offer the next year, and Ehud Olmert sweetened it in 2008. Both times the Palestinians against refused. Then Benjamin Netanyahu offered withdrawals from most of the West Bank and committed himself to a two-state solution and still the answer was no. Before that, Ariel Sharon withdrew every soldier, settler and settlement from Gaza hoping to create an opening for peace and instead set the stage for the creation of an independent Palestinian state in all but name there that is an Islamist terrorist dictatorship. Each time Israel took the kind of risks for peace that its friends and critics had been urging it to do yet got neither peace nor credit for the sacrifice.
To be fair to Clinton, there's little doubt that he cares about Israel and the Israeli people have always appreciated his genuine affection and returned it. That's more than can be said for Obama, who, at best, regards Israel with condescension, restricting his praise for a mythical Israel of the past that didn't face the real country's terrible war and peace dilemmas.
But in spite of Clinton's intimate knowledge of the peace process, he still clings to the notion that somehow it is within the power of the Jewish state to force an end to a century-long conflict with the Palestinians.
The signing of the Oslo accords on the White House lawn was a high point of Clinton's presidency and sealed his relationship with Rabin. Clinton's honoring a man who was tragically murdered is entirely appropriate. But the problem here is the implicit assumption that it was assassin Yigal Amir's bullet that killed the peace process or the Israelis who peacefully demonstrated against their government for empowering terrorists and not the third man in the famous picture with Clinton and Rabin: Arafat.
What more can Israel do to convince the Palestinians to make peace than they have already done? According to the Obama administration and leftist critics of the Netanyahu government, they need to stop building homes in existing settlements in the West Bank and 40-year-old Jerusalem neighborhoods or release more convicted terrorists. But does anyone really think that will convince the Palestinians to make peace when offers like the ones Barak and Olmert made were not enough? Did Sharon's experiment in trading land for peace — which turned out to be an exchange of territory for terror — not go far enough?
The problem isn't Israel not recognizing Palestinians rights and aspirations. Even the supposed hard line Netanyahu has done that. The problem is that even PA leader Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian lauded by President Obama as a moderate and a champion of peace. won't recognize the legitimacy of a Jewish state no matter where its borders are drawn. Moreover, it is that same Abbas who has been inciting terror fueled by religious hatred in recent months by cynically circulating canards about mythic Israeli plans to destroy mosques or proclaiming that he doesn't want “filthy Jewish feet” profaning holy places.
Nor are is the building of homes in places that even Clinton and Obama know would be part of Israel after a peace agreement an obstacle to peace if the Palestinians ever choose peace rather than a continuation of the conflict.
It's not the Israelis who need the lectures from Clinton and Obama. It's the Palestinians. Like many in Israel who have always wanted to believe their country could magically make peace without the Palestinians having to change, that's the line the U.S. seems to buy too. But it's bunk, and if anyone should know it, it's the president that still feels he was cheated out of a Nobel Prize by Palestinian intransigence.
Clinton is right when he cites Rabin's belief that the costs of ignoring chances for peace are high. But the costs of a reckless pursuit of it are also high as the mounting toll of Israeli victims of terror proves. Thousands have died in no small measure because of the Oslo process that empowered terrorists like Hamas, Arafat and other killers honored by Abbas.
Yet this mistaken emphasis on what Israel can do is not a harmless gesture. The more international leaders, even those that rare correctly labeled as friendly to Israel like Clinton, mouth these bromides, the less inclined the Palestinians will be to finally make peace. Such lectures only reinforce their belief that sooner or later international opinion will isolate Israel and bring them one step closer to their fantasy of its destruction. They need to be reminded that throughout the century-long history of the conflict they are the ones who have always rejected compromise. Oslo was not a catastrophe because the intentions of Yitzhak Rabin or Bill Clinton were bad because the process they created provided no accountability for the Palestinians. Far from making compromise an imperative, it convinced the Palestinians that they didn't have to do anything to make peace. That not only robs them of agency in their fate but also gives them reasons why they shouldn't budge or cease cheering or subsidizing terror.
So far from advancing the cause of peace, speeches like Clinton's actually retard it. Of course, if Clinton were to go to Ramallah and tell the Palestinians that it was up to them to finally make peace, he would not be greeted with thunderous cheers, as was the case in Tel Aviv. But it would be an important wake-up call for a people that are still trapped in its own rhetoric of delegitimization. Israel has taken plenty of risks for peace. It's time for Americans to stop ignoring that fact and start putting pressure on Israel's foes to take some risks of their own.
"I spent three years talking to girls ages 15 to 20 about their attitudes and experience of sex. And what I found was that while young women may feel entitled to engage in sexual behavior, they don't necessarily feel entitled to enjoy it." - Peggy Orenstein
American sex education courses are seriously lacking when it comes to the subject of women's sexual anatomy and pleasure. Not only are terms like "vulva" and "clitoris" rarely uttered, but students typically learn nothing at all about the female orgasm, which (sadly) explains why so many college students set foot in my human sexuality course asking whether it's even a thing. I kid you not.
In the TED talk below, Peggy Orenstein, author of the recent (and awesome) book Girls & Sex: Navigating the Complicated New Landscape, explains how this knowledge gap is contributing to the "orgasm gap"--and what we can do about it. Orenstein argues that we need to change the way we teach our kids about sex. And that includes having open and honest discussions with young girls about their own desires and pleasure.
To learn more, check out the full video. If you want to get a copy of her book, you can find it through both Amazon and iBooks.
An index of "misery" for young Americans has reached a record high, the latest sign of disappointment for one of President Obama's coalition members.
The "Youth Misery Index" spiked to 113.4 in early 2017, up from 109.9 last January, and 83.5 in 2009 when Obama took office, according to the conservative Young America's Foundation. It is calculated by adding youth unemployment, student loan debt, and national debt per capita numbers.
Under Obama, it has increased 36 percent.
"President Obama has done his young supporters a remarkable disservice by running up the national debt at an incredible rate while failing to adequately address the student loan crisis," said Ron Robinson, president of Young America's Foundation, in a statement. "Young people are increasingly conscious of the Left's inability to offer practical solutions to the problems they face every single day."
See the full statement here.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Wolverine 3 has built up quite the buzz. Not only will it be Hugh Jackman's last run as the character, but it could also be based on the Millar and McNiven helmed Old Man Logan storyline from the comics.
If rumor is to be believed, Jackman might not be the only clawed mutant on screen, as SuperHeroHype is saying X-23 herself might also be showing up in the film. As we reported yesterday, a casting call went out for "Caucasian, Hispanic, and Asian-looking females over the age of 21, a height of 4' - 4'11, and a size 0-4."
That casting could be for a number of roles, but early thinking leans towards Laura Kinney, who has since taken on the role of Wolverine in the books. It would be a great way for them to pass the torch, though she isn't really involved in the Old Man Logan story. If they go that story route, it could also always be Ashley Barton the daughter of Tonya (who is Peter Parker"s youngest daughter) and Hawkeye, but with the rights to Spider-Man at Sony, that is most unlikely.
Wolverine 3 will debut in theaters on March 3rd, 2017.
New York Times' Nate Silver, image via Wikimedia, Creative Commons licensed
Conservative darling Dean Chambers, founder of the website unskewedpolls.com that purports to recalibrate political surveys to rid them of liberal bias, argued that New York Times polling guru Nate Silver cannot be trusted because he is a weak, little girly-man.
In a post for Examiner.com, Chambers sought to discredit Silver's recent statistical analysis that showed Romney flatlining in the presidential race. Chambers, who rose to prominence by asserting that pollsters were nefariously skewing their results in favor of Democrats, insisted that Silver's latest finding was more indication of that perceived liberal bias.
How could Chambers tell that Silver is an untrustworthy liberal? His lack of overt masculinity, of course.
“Nate Silver is a man of very small stature, a thin and effeminate man with a soft-sounding voice that sounds almost exactly like the ‘Mr. New Castrati' voice used by Rush Limbaugh on his program,” Chambers wrote. “In fact, Silver could easily be the poster child for the New Castrati in both image and sound.”
While that may sound like a coded, presumptive attack on Silver's sexuality, it actually isn't—if you go by Limbaugh's own definition.
As defined by Limbaugh, the “New Castrati” are men who have been, “bullied by women” and who have been beaten into, “total acquiescence to the liberal agenda.” Though Limbaugh insists it is not a term denoting sexual orientation, he concedes that it does refer to a, “lack of manhood.”
So according to Chambers, it's not that people should distrust Nate Silver's political analysis because he might be gay, but rather because he's subservient to women and liberals and he also has no testicles.
0 Man lured in robbery attempt shoots, kills would-be assailant, officials say
CATAWBA COUNTY, N.C. - A man accused in a fatal shooting in Catawba County will not be charged, Catawba County Sheriff said Friday afternoon.
Officials said Logan Jett was asked to come to a home in Newton around 8 a.m. Friday. When he arrived, officials said he was attacked with a club by David Darty.
Jett shot Darty several times and then ran from the home. Darty later died.
Deputies said after the shooting, Jett went to several homes seeking medical attention.
Deputies were called to the scene on Athens Drive, west of Newton, just before 8:30 a.m. and found a man suffering from a gunshot wound.
https://twitter.com/FahertyWSOC9/status/652487673546964993
Darty's fiancée said he was shot five or six times.
A neighbor told Faherty that when he opened his front door, Jett had a gun on him but he was armed as well and told him to put down his weapon.
"When he had a gun, I automatically pointed a gun at him," said Brandon, who did not want to give his last name. "That's for my safety, because if he had pointed his, it probably would have been game over. I'm not going to lie."
https://twitter.com/FahertyWSOC9/status/652467612480368640
Officials announced Friday afternoon that Jett would not be charged and was released by the magistrate.
The Catawba County Sheriff said Debbi Jo Albright and Nicholas Smith were charged with attempted armed robbery and conspiracy to commit robbery.
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com:
Death Race 3: Inferno (also known as Death Race 3 and Death Race: Inferno) is a 2013 American action film and the third installment in the Death Race film series. The film is a sequel to Death Race 2 (2010) and the prequel to the 2008 film Death Race, and was released direct-to-video on January 22, 2013.
Plot [ edit ]
Death Race owner R.H. Weyland has been forced to sell the rights to Niles York, a British billionaire who acquired the rights by hostile takeover. York intends to relocate the Death Race to South Africa as the Transcontinental Death Race. Before leaving, Weyland arranges Carl Lucas, also known as Frankenstein, to have surgery to heal the infected and deadly scars on his face sustained in the previous film. With Lucas one win away from gaining his freedom, York threatens to kill him if he wins.
Lucas engages in a fist fight with other racers and his mask is knocked off in the middle of the fight, revealing to his crew that he is alive rather than a new Frankenstein. Before the first race, the pool of female navigators had to participate in a Death Race "Navigator Wars". Death Race itself is now hosted and produced by Satana. The 10 surviving navigators, including Katrina Banks, are assigned to their drivers.
All racers receive GPS locators surgically so the showrunners can track them and, if necessary, kill them if they attempt to escape.
The first race, in the Kalahari Desert, reveals how different the challenge is as compared to racing on the Terminal Island prison course. Eleven racers compete, but Jackal jumps the start and the missile tracker kills him and his navigator. Joker, Pretty Boy, the Tazmanian Devil and their navigators die, while Razor beats out Frankenstein to win the first race.
Katrina tells Lucas they cannot resume their previous relationship, as she is heartbroken that he kept his survival secret from her. When Goldberg is cut in a fight, the show's surgeon, Olivia, makes advances and the two establish a relationship. In order to make Katrina jealous, Satana orders Psycho's navigator Amber to have sex with Lucas.
Satana and York grow suspicious that Lucas is up to something due to his non-rebellious attitude to being forced to lose. Elsewhere, Lucas explains his deal with York to his crew and says that, instead, he made a "new deal".
The second race commences with the death of three more teams. Fury is killed after being tricked by Olga Braun (Death Race's first-ever female driver) and she is in turn killed by Razor. Razor is struggling to handle both Lucas and Psycho before the three are joined by 14K, having disabled Nero's car before leaving him to get beaten to death by an angry mob of locals. The second race ends with Lucas victorious, but Goldberg is caught in an explosion caused by stray bullets from local hostile war lords, and Olivia pronounces him dead.
York reminds Lucas he is to lose his next race to 14K or York will torture him and Katrina. Satana then discovers York wishes to replace her as producer and remove her from the Death Race so he can assume complete control. Before the next race, Katrina confesses her love to Lucas, and Lucas admits he did not have sex with Amber.
Before the final race, Psycho and Lucas have a chat about the identity of Frankenstein and if Lucas was the first. Razor disables Psycho's car, and Psycho dies in the flames while his navigator Amber survives without injury. Lucas takes the lead with York attempting to kill him with a missile, but 14K shoots flares to divert the missile and destroy it, saving his life and repaying his "life for a life" debt from the previous film.
Lucas holds a commanding lead and kills many of the Death Race guards along the way. He relinquishes the lead to 14K and turns off to find York. Satana handcuffs York to a table for attempting to replace her. Lucas crashes his car into the control room and explodes, engulfing the room in flames. It appears that everyone except a facially disfigured Lucas perished in the crash, but Lucas insists that he is York, not Frankenstein. Olivia, Lists and the GPS chip confirm it Lucas/Frankenstein.
It is revealed that Lucas's "new deal" during the meeting with Weyland, supported later by Olivia and Satana, was to fake Goldberg's death and pronounce York and Katrina dead. With York now "dead", Weyland regains control of the Death Race and grants the team their freedom, though Lists refuses the offer and returns to Terminal Island. Weyland pays Lucas and his team (including Olivia) a substantial amount of money for their help, which they use to relocate. York is the new Frankenstein, hoping to gain his freedom Death Racing at Terminal Island in the future (seen in the first film).
Cast [ edit ]
Reception [ edit ]
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 50% of 6 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 5.1/10.[1] Scott Foy of Dread Central rated it 3/5 stars and wrote, "Movies like Death Race 3: Inferno is like a piece of chewing gum – the flavor is fleeting, you spit it out when you're done without hesitation, but it gave you the minor fix you were after."[2] Jesse Skeen of DVD Talk rated it 3/5 stars and wrote, "This movie probably won't win any awards, but it's great mindless fun."[3] David Johnson of DVD Verdict called it an "ultimately a loud and tedious chore."[4] Scott Weinberg of Fearnet wrote, "Cheap, choppy, and almost shamelessly by-the-numbers, Death Race 3 earns points for the same reason its predecessor did: it's quick, slick, enjoyably empty-headed, just energetic enough to smash through the finish line".[5]
CEO Elon Musk has said Tesla faces six months of “production hell” as it ramps up production of its much-awaited Model 3, but the devil may have arrived early.
Musk introduced the Model 3 on July 28 amid much hoopla at its Fremont, CA, assembly operations. Dressed casually and smiling broadly, Musk unveiled 30 Model 3s and said production would begin in August with 100 cars rolling off the line, rising to 1,500 in September and steeply upward to 20,000 in December.
Tesla targeted building 1,630 Model 3s during the third quarter but acknowledged it badly missed that goal, turning out only 260 cars. Nevertheless, Musk remained bullish, saying production will reach 5,000 weekly by year's end.
In a statement, as reported by The Wall Street Journal, Tesla maintains, “It is important to emphasize that there are no fundamental issues with the Model 3 production supply chain. We understand what needs to be fixed, and we are confident of addressing the manufacturing bottleneck issues in the near term.”
The Model 3 represents Tesla's drive to produce a less-expensive “mainstream” electric sedan priced around $35,000, before government subsidies, to supplement its far more expensive Model S sedan and Model X CUV. The automaker claims it has 455,000 Model 3 orders, each accompanied by a $1,000 deposit. Getting those cars to customers is vital to shoring up Tesla's bottom line.
The “base” Model 3 has a range of 215 miles (346 km) and the upper model, which comes later, is priced at $44,000 and reportedly will have a range of 310 miles (499 km). Chevrolet's Bolt is the current EV leader with a range of 238 miles (383 km).
Based on numerous reports, Tesla has little chance of hitting its 5,000 weekly output during the fourth quarter and perhaps not for a long time after that.
Tesla's Elon Musk.
The chief reason: Its current production line in Fremont, CA, can't build vehicles at that rate unless it runs two 10-hour shifts seven days a week, which is not likely for an all-new vehicle, even if everything goes smoothly. The plant presently runs two 8-hour shifts five days a week.
A source in position to know says a second body shop mirroring Fremont's would be required to support the high volume Musk has forecast. “I understand they're talking about a second body shop,” he says, “but I can't see them reaching 2,500 to 3,000 weekly until the end of next year” with current production facilities.
Tesla had a slow launch to full production for both the Model S and Model X, but Musk already is looking to add future SUVs and even pickups.
Knowledgeable sources say Tesla's Model 3 launch has been hampered by all manner of problems, some self-inflicted because of Musk's disdain for using development and production processes honed by traditional automakers.
Most importantly, Tesla bypassed production prototyping typically used by automakers to catch glitches before gearing up for high-volume output and instead sought to save time by using a “pilot line” to check out processes. “Using prototyping you can make changes and it doesn't cost as much,” says one source. Business Insider reports that skipping prototyping “could spell trouble down the road.”
Another source, who has first-hand knowledge of the situation, says Tesla chose to use its own methods to prep for production rather than rely on traditional validation processes. “There have been a lot of hiccups,” the source says, “because everything they do is ass-backwards. They aren't used to this kind of (high-volume) operation. There are no standards.”
Tesla is well aware it must build Model 3s with high quality to maintain what some describe as its “cult” following, even more so as U.S. customers turn increasingly from cars to SUVs and CUVs.
Then there's the onslaught of electric vehicles coming from U.S., Chinese and European automakers as well as upstart tech companies all pointing, as is Tesla, toward driverless, or autonomous, operation.
And what about those 260 Model 3s that dribbled out of Fremont in August and September? Tesla says they are salable, but sources say it's likely most are in the hands of employees and others selected to evaluate them.
There are published reports indicating some of the cars have shown up with problems, such as missing windshield wipers.
Keeping them “in house,” so to speak, may be Tesla's best short-term policy.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
On Wednesday, Slate published a column by Emily Yoffe titled "The Best Rape Prevention: Tell College Women to Stop Getting So Wasted." Yoffe began the post by naming high-profile rape cases in Stuebenville and Maryville, and then suggested that if women stopped drinking so much, they'd be less likely to "end up" getting raped. Her words did not go over well. On Friday, Slate published Yoffe's response to her critics:
I wrote a story whose message is obvious: The campus culture of binge drinking is toxic and many rapists prey on drunk young women. I said that when women lose the capacity to be responsible for their actions, sexual predators target them for attack. As banal as these observations are, I knew this story would result in a torrent of outrage.
Well, no one was outraged by Yoffe's "banal observations." Often rapists will attack incapacitated women — this is upsetting but well-known. What many women were offended by is Yoffe's suggestion that it's up to women to stop drinking, not men to stop raping.
Still, Yoffe insists that she was just trying to help "prevent at least some sexual assaults" by "giving practical advice to young women about the beneficial effects of keeping their wits about them."
Let's put aside a discussion of whether or not Yoffe's position is rape apologia (as some have suggested). It's not wrong to remind college students — women and men — about the benefits of "keeping their wits about them." But as someone who recently graduated from college, I can tell you that students are already warned early and often about the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption (including the possibility of sexual assault). Most universities require alcohol education as part of freshman orientation. And most women are brought up knowing that, as Katie McDonough at Salon put it, "their basic biology makes them a target" for assault.
