Israel was forced to shoot down a drone over its border with Syria as it faced the prospect of a wider intervention in the neighbouring civil war to end a hostage crisis in which jihadists are holding dozens of UN peacekeepers.
The capture of Fijian and Filipino troops in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) by al-Qaeda affiliated rebels Jabhat Al Nusra last week has cast doubt over the future of the UN force on the disputed Golan Heights.
While a dramatic rescue operation spearheaded by the Irish army retrieved 70 Filipino peacekeepers over the weekend, there remains 44 Fijian forces in jihadist custody.
Israeli officials are believed to be urgently seeking options to shore up the future of the UNDOF mission, which has been in the buffer zone between Syria and the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights since the 1974 ceasefire.
The force comprises 1,233 international peacekeepers drawn from the Philippines, Fiji, India, Ireland, Nepal and the Netherlands but a number of contributing states have pulled out or withdrawn offers to deploy in light of the Syrian conflict.
The drone, believed to have been used by Damascus to monitor the rebels, infiltrated Israeli space from Syria before it was shot down by a surface to air Patriot missile..
“[Israel] successfully intercepted an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) that breached Israel airspace above the border with Syria near Quneitra”, Israel said.
The peacekeepers were captured along with the strategically important Quneitra crossing last Wednesday in the demilitarised buffer between the two countries.
Moshe Yaalon, Israel's defence minister inspected reinforcements along the armistice line, warning Israeli “tolerance” should not be tested.
“These past weeks we have proven that our tolerance is minimal when our integrity is struck, either intentionally or unintentionally,” he said.
Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister said that Israel was ready to fight threats on all fronts, “including the Golan”.
The use of the drone could have been a prelude to attempts by Bashar al- Assad's forces to regain control over the territory.
“The Syrian regime been using Iranian drones”, Daniel Nisman, an Israeli security analyst, alluding to the possibility that drone may have been scouting out the positions of the Syrian rebels in order to feed them back to the Assad forces.
“It could also be Hizbollah who have a few dozen Iranian drones”, Mr Nisman said.
A group photo of 38 of the 44 captured Fijian troops posing in front of a black al-Qaeda flag was tweeted by Syrian rebel groups but the head of the Fijian military forces said negotiations for the release of the peacekeepers are being pursued.
“They confirmed that our men are safe and they are all well”, Military Forces Commander General Mosese Tikoitoga said. It is not clear why the picture did not show all 44 of the captured Fijian soldiers.
Jabhat al Nusra and Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) have previously competed for an official affiliation with al-Qaeda. Recently the leader of al-Qaeda named al Nusra as the official al-Qaeda presence in Syria.
As a result of the growing conflict between the two radical Jihadist groups, Isil gained an upper hand in north-eastern Syria, while Jabhat al Nusra had to move south, which explains their presence in southern Syria.
Maj Aviv Oreg, an expert on international terrorism and former head of the al-Qaeda and Global Jihad desk for Israel's military said al Nusra was much less likely to carry out beheadings than Isil.
“Jabhat al Nusra is not Isil at all,” he said. “But there's always this possibility of a local initiative, that may turn this situation into a mass killing of the Fijian soldiers.”
The incident has also triggered a state of high alert amidst Israel's troops, fearful that skirmishes could quickly spiral out of control and potentially draw Israel into the Syrian civil war.
While the Golan Heights were quiet for decades but this changed since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011.
A growing number of stray rockets and mortars have been hitting the Israeli side of the Golan Heights, while UNDOF troops were steadily embroiled in clashes with the rebels.
“I think that in the long run, along the Israeli-Syrian border, we'll see less and less the presence of UN peacekeepers”, said Maj Oreg.
The forces “have basically no ceasefire agreement to keep anymore, so they have no task over there. It doesn't make sense for the Filipino government to deploy its forces to fight Jabhat al Nusra or some other rebels”.
Hostile forces waging back and forth battle without a cordon of protection would spell disaster for Israel.
“If you don't have that border force, it increases the chances of Israel been drawn into the fighting in Syria”, notes Mr Nisman.
Last Saturday, the Philippines announced it intended to end its participation in the force, pulling out its 331 peacekeepers from the area in October due to security concerns.
Other countries including Croatia, Japan and Austria have also pulled out its forces last year.
In 2013, 25 Filipino peacekeepers were captured by the Syrian rebels in two separate incidents, but the troops were freed a week later.
Concrete is a material that quite literally holds our cities together. From homes and apartment buildings to bridges, viaducts, and sidewalks, this ubiquitous gray material's importance to modern urban life is undeniable. But you might have heard that it also has a dirty secret: the production of commercial concrete materials releases tons of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide (CO2) into the atmosphere each year, contributing to the calamity that is climate change. But it doesn't have to be that way. We have collated 11 green building materials that offer alternatives to concrete, and a lower environmental impact.
1. Straw Bales
Rather than relying on new research and technology, straw bale building hearkens back to the days when homes were built from natural, locally-occurring materials. Straw bales are used to create a home's walls inside of a frame, replacing other building materials such as concrete, wood, gypsum, plaster, fiberglass, or stone. When properly sealed, straw bales naturally provide very high levels of insulation for a hot or cold climate, and are not only affordable but sustainable as straw is a rapidly renewable resource.
2. Grasscrete
As its name might indicate, grasscrete is a method of laying concrete flooring, walkways, sidewalks, and driveways in such a manner that there are open patterns allowing grass or other flora to grow. While this provides the benefit of reducing concrete usage overall, there's also another important perk — improved stormwater absorption and drainage.
3. Rammed Earth
What's more natural than the dirt under your feet? In fact, walls that have a similar feel to concrete can actually be created with nothing more than dirt tamped down very tightly in wooden forms. Rammed earth is a technology that has been used by human civilization for thousands of years, and can last a very long time. Modern rammed earth buildings can be made safer by use of rebar or bamboo, and mechanical tampers reduce the amount of labor required to create sturdy walls.
4. HempCrete
HempCrete is just what it sounds like – a concrete like material created from the woody inner fibers of the hemp plant. The hemp fibers are bound with lime to create concrete-like shapes that are strong and light. HempCrete blocks are super-lightweight, which can also dramatically reduce the energy used to transport the blocks, and hemp itself is a fast-growing, renewable resource.
5. Bamboo
Bamboo might seem trendy, but it has actually been a locally-sourced building material in some regions of the world for millennia. What makes bamboo such a promising building material for modern buildings is its combination of tensile strength, light weight, and fast-growing renewable nature. Used for framing buildings and shelters, bamboo can replace expensive and heavy imported materials and provide an alternative to concrete and rebar construction, especially in difficult-to reach areas, post-disaster rebuilding, and low-income areas with access to natural locally-sourced bamboo.
6. Recycled Plastic
Instead of mining, extracting, and milling new components, researchers are creating concrete that includes ground up recycled plastics and trash, which not only reduces greenhouse gas emissions, but reduces weight and provides a new use for landfill-clogging plastic waste.
7. Wood
Plain old wood still retains many advantages over more industrial building materials like concrete or steel. Not only do trees absorb CO2 as they grow, they require much less energy-intensive methods to process into construction products. Properly managed forests are also renewable and can ensure a biodiverse habitat.
RELATED: Energy efficient timber cabin in Norway
8. Mycelium
Mycelium is a crazy futuristic building material that's actually totally natural – it comprises the root structure of fungi and mushrooms. Mycelium can be encouraged to grow around a composite of other natural materials, like ground up straw, in molds or forms, then air-dried to create lightweight and strong bricks or other shapes.
9. Ferrock
Ferrock is a new material being researched that uses recycled materials including steel dust from the steel industry to create a concrete-like building material that is even stronger than concrete. What's more, this unique material actually absorbs and traps carbon dioxide as part of its drying and hardening process – making it not only less CO2 intensive than traditional concrete, but actually carbon neutral.
10. AshCrete
AshCrete is a concrete alternative that uses fly ash instead of traditional cement. By using fly ash, a by-product of burning coal, 97 percent of traditional components in concrete can be replaced with recycled material.
11. Timbercrete
Timbercrete is an interesting building material made of sawdust and concrete mixed together. Since it is lighter than concrete, it reduces transportation emissions, and the sawdust both reuses a waste product and replaces some of the energy-intensive components of traditional concrete. Timbercrete can be formed into traditional shapes such as blocks, bricks, and pavers.
I've always kind of been afraid to make OCs because I kept thinking they would end of being Mary Sues, but then today I realized, "Why does it matter?" If I want to make Mary Sues, I will! I'm still young I need to learn to live dangerously! I can do what I want!
So then I made these OCs.
I've always thought the guards in Equestria weren't very good at their jobs. I mean, when they changelings attacked they were no help at all. It's always up to Twilight and friends to save the day.
But what if the main six weren't there at the time, you'd think Celestia would have a back up plan.
So here is my backstory thing for these guys. (I don't have names for them though, because I'm not good at coming up with names.)
This team is Celestia and Luna's elite group of guards. Celestia hoof picked them for the job because they are the most skilled at what they do. Since Twilight and friends are usually there to save the day, they usually deal with other problems in Equestria, such as fighting minor villains and stuff.
The armor colors for their team are black and gold. I don't know why I drew the changeling in Luna's guard's armor, I was just bored.
(I'm still kind of working on the individual backstories for them so this is like a rough draft)
Their leader is the white pony with the blue mane. I haven't really come up with how she got that scar yet.
She doesn't have a very pleasant personality. She's kind of an all work and no play type of pony. She has dedicated her life to protecting Equestria.
She had worked as a loyal guard for Celestia for many years, eventually becoming a captain. She's very skill at tactical plans and all that. Celestia chose her for this position because she trusts her more than any of the other guards.
The Zebra, yep I made a Zebra that's I unicorn and I hate my self for it, because I'm pretty sure there are no unicorn zebras. But watever, I just think it would be really cool if there was, since Zecora seems to already be good a magic.
So I made a unicorn zebra. She is a very skilled with magic and stuff....and yeah, I don't feel like writing this now I'll come up with the rest later.
She has a very headstrong personality. She can be very serious at times but still likes to have a bit of fun now and then.
The changeling, one day he was all like, "you know what forget u Chrysalis imma go an join Celealistia."
So yeah, he's good and works for Celestia. She put him on the team because it's always useful to have someone who can change their appearance, he can be like a spy or something. Plus he's good at fighting.
He has a very cheerful personality, likes to make jokes and stuff.
The bat pony is like their brawler. He's very good a hoof to hoof combat. (I wanted to write hand to hand so bad)
He's very quiet and doesn't really talk much.
And...Oh. God......I can't believe I made a breezie OC.....just why did you do this Cheeseburger, why? When that episode came out I was complaining internally about how there were going to be breezie OCs, and here I am making one.
So, the breezie is like a mini spy, she can go places without anypony seeing her because she is so tiny.
She doesn't speak in breezie language, she can speak English. She can fly faster and better than other breezies because her wings are shaped like dragonfly wings (mainly drew them this way 'cause I'm a lazy butt and didn't feel like drawing bigger wings.) and so the wind doesn't blow her around as easily.
She has a fairly pleasant personality but she does have some anger issues.
I need to think of a better name for their group or something.
Also I would love it if someone could give me suggestions for each of their names, because I can't think of anything.
picture goes with these
Small Businesses Staying Lean, Wary Of Hiring
toggle caption Andrew Burton/Getty Images
Optimism is growing about the U.S. jobs market. Fewer people are applying for unemployment benefits, and hiring is up. The lion's share of new jobs are coming from small and medium-sized firms. But even if the economy comes roaring back, many small businesses aren't likely to hire with wild abandon.
"It's a huge commitment, when you're a very small firm, to add someone," says Kate O'Sullivan, director of content for CFO magazine. "And I think that the outlook is still not completely firm."
Doing More With Less
CFO magazine, along with Duke University, co-sponsors a quarterly survey of financial executives. Their latest report shows that one-quarter of small businesses never expect to get back to their pre-recession staffing levels.
O'Sullivan says this is partly because businesses generally have already learned to do more with less.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Nettles Country Courtesy of Nettles Country
"They've really looked at a lot of creative ways to do more things with fewer people," she says. "So they have invested in the technology; they have invested in the equipment. They've sort of rejiggered work schedules so they have people working overtime. But they're very hesitant to add more people, because they just recently have gone through the experience of laying people off."
Rose Corona runs Big Horse Feed & Mercantile, a retail operation in Temecula, Calif. The company recently lost two employees who moved away, and Corona doesn't intend to replace them.
Instead, she installed a new software program to help her keep track of inventory — which used to be counted by hand.
"We may save a few labor hours here and there, but in essence I will use fewer people to do more things," Corona says, like building up her online retail business — with her current staff.
"That means a lot of these girls who know how to take photographs are going to be taking a lot of photographs, so we can slap those on the Web — which has gotten totally ignored because we just don't have the bodies to do it."
Gala Nettles owns Nettles Country, which supplies Corona's business. The company, based in Madisonville, Texas, manufactures stirrups for saddles, among other things. Nettle says she doesn't see hiring anywhere on the horizon.
"The recession is still alive and well for the small-business owner," she says.
Higher Prices, Fewer Customers
The recession is still alive and well for the small-business owner.
Nettle says higher prices for everyday goods mean customers have less money to spend on her products. Rising gasoline prices have eaten into their budgets, she says, and even potato chips that used to cost $2.39 now cost $2 more.
"It's very hard sometimes for a normal person to relate to how that bag of chips relates to the bottom line," she says. "But it does."
Nettle says she has ideas for new products she'd like to launch. But they remain only concepts because the company doesn't have the manpower to design or make them.
"We could definitely use a couple more people, but we can't afford them. We cannot afford them," she says.
Private Employment, By Company Size Millions of workers Notes Employees by size of payroll, seasonally adjusted. Small: companies with fewer than 50 workers; medium: 50-499 workers; large: 500 or more workers
Nettles, like Corona at Big Horse Mercantile, chose not to replace two employees who moved recently. Most Nettles' remaining six full-time employees are family members who are now working longer hours to pick up the slack.
Investing In Capital Improvements
Precision Machine Works is also doing more with less. Since last July, the Seattle-area airplane parts firm has added 11 people to its staff of 166 — mostly on its production floor.
Bill Helenberg, the company's chief financial officer, says that in anticipation of Boeing's production of its 787 Dreamliner, Precision Machine tripled capital investments to make its machines more efficient. Now, they require less idle time.
"An outgrowth of that is ... labor costs increase while all that volume increases. But we're doing so much more efficiently," Helenberg says. Essentially, "labor's not increasing as much as demand's increasing."
As a result, Helenberg says, Precision Machine will have to hire two-thirds fewer people than it would have before the recession.
By Nicholas Brady
Those African persons in “Middle Passage” were literally suspended in the “oceanic”… these captive persons, without names that their captors would recognize, were in movement across the Atlantic, but they were also nowhere at all. Inasmuch as, on any given day, we might imagine, the captive personality did not know where s/he was, we could say that they were the culturally “unmade,” thrown in the midst of a figurative darkness that “exposed” their destinies to an unknown course.
-Hortense Spillers, “Mama's Baby, Papa's Maybe: An American Grammar Book”
Frank Ocean is no longer here. Or there. Or anywhere his name is being written about. Perhaps he never was in the first place.
Hundreds of articles, thousands of words, millions of hits, shares, and retweets try to locate him, yet all acts bury him further. Each attempt to understand Frank Ocean's will performs – in direct contradiction to the intent of the authors – what Hortense Spillers calls a “theft of the body” that severs “the captive body from its motive will…” Each attempt to clothe him with a new name strips him naked and reveals the “general powerlessness” of the black body.
Black thought – even when it opens up space for critical inquiry – always feeds the screaming vacuum that devours our ability to name ourselves. Frank's tumblr post heard ‘round the world seems to be no different. A post without a title, directed to no one specifically, describes his first unrequited love. This post was meant to be included with his first album as an attempt to name himself. A carefully written piece, Frank makes no attempt to label himself or the love he felt for this man. In spite of this, the discourse that has proceeded has done nothing but apply labels. Frank is the courageous confessor, the new Elton John, candidate for man of the year, gay rights advocate, the first queer “rapper” and my personal favorite: “the god particle.” It would seem the screenshot of a narrative Frank wrote on Textedit has given mass to what matters today.
Yet of all the labels that have engulfed Frank, none has been more prevalent – and dangerous – than calling his narrative universal. Much of the initial coverage can be summed up by two conclusions: either Frank has written a beautiful story about unrequited love that everyone has experienced or everyone can respect and should congratulate his courage. The universality of his narrative can, at least partially, be attributed to the national media coverage of Anderson Cooper “coming out” only a few days before. Fitting into this news cycle, the stories were fused into a general narrative on how our society is growing more tolerant and accepting. His post was also the perfect package, for it discussed love, not sex. Much like slave narratives that pulled a veil over “proceedings too terrible to relate,” sex and sexuality seem to be purposefully absent in Frank's post. One of the first articles I read on this topic commented it was happy to read a “coming out” story that “stayed above the groin.” While the writer is a noted queer journalist, it brings up an interesting tension about the silences necessary for one's point to be properly received. The only way universal acceptance can be gathered is through a disavowal of the monstrosity of queer, black sexuality.
This discourse on his universality obfuscates what truly separates Anderson and Frank. There is the obvious matter of class. Frank Ocean fled New Orleans when Hurricane Katrina hit while Anderson Cooper reported on the matter. In Frank Ocean's words, Anderson's “spoon has fed him good.” Yet beyond this, there remains another dimension. Even if many consider Anderson Cooper “sexy,” he is in control of his sexuality – at least to an extent incomparable to Frank Ocean. There were rumors about Anderson's sexuality for years, yet he was able to ignore them and “come out” on his own schedule. Frank Ocean released his tumblr post as an attempt to get out ahead of slight rumors about his sexuality that could have overtaken the hype around his album. Frank chose to release his story early in the same way a person chooses to run for their life if a rabid animal is chasing them.
What is interesting about the post is that Frank began it with the phrase “[h]uman beings spinning on blackness” as a way to describe a universal feeling of wanting to belong. What – or better yet, who – is the blackness human beings spin around? Frank's line brings to mind the images of storms we get from radars where the high-pressure clouds swirl around a black dot in the middle. The typhoon of humanity spirals around the phobic object of the black. Frank is one of the many bodies at the center from which the storm gathers its energy, its life-force. In this lies the difference between Anderson and Frank. Anderson's body is not a powerless object to be “pornotroped,” but Frank never owned his body or his story in the first place, let alone his sexuality. His tumblr post was courageous in that it threw him further into the storm, but from day one–indeed, from the time of the Middle Passage to the present–Frank's body was always already open to the wanton gaze of white society.
The other equally troubling discourse is to frame Frank Ocean as a radical musician resisting the black community's affirmation of hyper–masculinity and homophobia. Hip hop – and the black community writ large – are seen by many as the last refuge for open homophobia in the media. The very first section of his Wikipedia page reads, “Ocean was one of the first major hip hop artists to announce that he had a same–sex relationship, significant because the industry is known for its heteronormativity”. So the story goes: Frank was braver than Anderson Cooper because he came out within the black/hip hop community that despises gay men more than non-black folk. On the flip side, black people get to prove their progression towards enlightenment by acknowledging and accepting Frank Ocean within the public theatre of political correctness. Through Frank, the nation gets to undergo a group session of therapy and catharsis. Tensions are eased and we can congratulate ourselves for a job well done, all within one news cycle.
There is merit to the claim that Frank's music is more sensitive and openly emotional than the majority of male-driven popular music. Frank Ocean's ability to affirm his own vulnerability in the face of certain pain is a major aspect of what makes his music powerful. The emotional center of his mixtape “nostalgia, ULTRA” was the song “There Will Be Tears” that expressed his unresolved feelings towards the absence of his father. Detailing the difference between him and other boys who were missing their father, Frank sang, “My friend said it wasn't so bad/ you can't miss what you ain't had/ Well I can/ I'm sad.” His friend represses the pain, while Frank wallows in the contradictions of simultaneously hating, yet desiring one's father. To fill in this void – both literal and mimetic – Frank has affirmed the centrality of his mother. On the last song of his recently released album “Channel Orange,” Frank sings, “I remember when all I had was my mother/ she didn't compromise/ she could recognize/ our daughters and our sons are just candles to the sun.”
As Hortense Spillers wrote in “Mama's Baby, Papa's Maybe,” Frank “has been touched, therefore, by the mother…” This has to do with more than simply the actual absence of his father. The violence that robbed Frank of his ability to name himself and own his sexuality also denies him, and all black men, the authority of “the Father” and his law. Recognizing the severity of the rift the Middle Passage caused on our subjectivities, Spillers has proposed two choices for black men: either we can disavow our inability to enact the Father's law or we can perform the radical action of saying “‘yes' to the ‘female' within.” This is where Frank's music can be said to be radical, the potential he has to affirm the “heritage of the mother” and, perhaps, actually affirm the female within himself.
Yet, buried underneath the hype of Frank as humanitarian singer of the year is a silence about what the female means to him. While Frank is known for his storytelling, he has yet to tell the story of his mother. His mother is only referenced as a strong figure that sacrificed for him. This is certainly a nice sentiment, but it remains a caricature of a woman who has feelings and desires outside of her child. There is no equivalent to “Dear Momma” (2pac's song to his mother) in his corpus. While Frank sings praises for his mother in the background of the ending track, in the foreground a woman affectionately tells Frank he is “special.” Frank's voice is distorted, unemotional, and does little else than chuckle knowingly. After she speaks, he leaves behind the car and her without a word. The link between his mother and this woman remains unspoken, but clear: their place within his imagination is dependent on them taking care of and affirming him. This is not an indictment of Frank Ocean's “real” interactions with women, instead this about the space women occupy in his imagination. Within much of his music, the “female” is an object used to buttress his sense of manhood that had been radically ungendered through the Middle Passage and beyond.
This song is not isolated. In fact, in all the songs Frank writes about women, none of the women have been much more than drug-pushers, whores, or heartbreakers. The palpability of his music rests on a well-played tension between an affirmation of love and a negation of the “female.” In the background of the aforementioned ending track, Frank sings, “he wrapped the whole wide world in a wedding band/ then put the whole wide world in her hands/ she got the whole wide world in her hands/ he got the whole wide world in his hands.” She only owns that which he gave to her and even then he still possesses it. Continuing this pattern, Frank demotes Cleopatra from ruler of an empire to a passive prostitute in the song “Pyramids.” As Cleopatra pleasures Frank, he sings, “The way you say my name makes me feel like/ I'm that nigga/ even though I'm unemployed.” Frank does not have the ability to enact “the father's law” because he is an “unemployed…nigga,” yet the black female body becomes a symbolic object to achieve the illusion of – not to be confused with the actual achievement of – such a power. In another song, entitled “Pink Matter,” someone asks Frank, “What is your woman/ is she just a container for the child/ that soft pink matter.” Frank's reply is, “…fall into you/ My god, she is giving me pleasure.” Andre 3000, who features on the song, replies, “frankly when that ocean's so good/ make her swab the wood.” Andre 3000, like Frank Ocean, was the center of rumors of possible homosexuality. Many people hinted that Andre would be the first rapper to “come out.” While Andre and Frank share the experience of being made legible through pejoratives and ill-suited labels within a field of homophobia and anti-blackness, their performative bonding happens through the medium of the black female instead. The black female body becomes the prosthetic – the elastic object – to assemble the illusion of patriarchal bonds between bodies denied such a position. Thus, if Cleopatra is nothing but a lady of the evening working overtime in the pyramids in Frank's imagination, what room is there for saying yes to the monstrosity of Sapphire, the female that can name? It seems the proposition Spillers gave to black men remains little more than potential disavowed within Frank's music.
Within the ever-growing tide of thought-pieces and hype, every attempt to bring Frank ashore drowns him further: every recovery is simply an act of re-covering his being. Every attempt to name entombs him in the paradigm. Is he a courageous artist of revolution or an image that allows us to exorcise our demons without exercising any real change to the structures of domination?
Who Frank Ocean is will not be found here either, but contrary to the popular sentiment, Frank Ocean is a not a revolutionary, yet. A unique, sensitive songwriter perhaps, but he is far from James Baldwin or even Me'shell NdegeOcello. The ability to say yes to Frank Ocean does not signify an ability to say yes to the female within – or without for that matter. America's desire for and identification with Frank Ocean revolves around the horror of touching the monstrosity of Frank's (black) sexuality in a dynamic, self-sustaining motion. In order to connect with the structure of feeling and desire unleashed on his body, Frank's actions and writing must be nimble. He is walking a very fine line and his success depends on his skill to be more Prospero and less Caliban; to dazzle, but not disgust. Within this contradiction is the sweet spot every black pop star – perhaps every black person – hopes to reside in.
Microsoft needs developers to build apps for its platform, and its play to get them—by helping coders port iOS and Android apps to Windows—just took a big step forward: On Thursday, the Redmond, Washington–based tech company released its iPhone app porting tool, Windows Bridge for iOS, as an open-source public preview.
The company knows that attracting mobile app makers can be an uphill climb. With the new tool, Microsoft hopes to encourage more support by offering a simple way to make Windows apps out of existing apps. Android developers also get Windows Bridge for Android, which is now available through a private beta.
The premise of these tools is to let developers reuse much of what they've already built, reducing complexity.
However, Microsoft warns that the bridge is not finished yet. In other words, don't be surprised if it's buggy or missing some promised features. That's actually a key reason it chose to open-source Bridge for iOS, so developers can contribute to the project and help ensure that a polished version debuts this fall (when its new Visual Studio update launches).
Here are few other things app builders should know about the new Microsoft tool.
5 Things To Know About Windows Bridge For iOS
1. You can explore, but not release: Developers can immediately start working with Windows Bridge for iOS, formerly known as “Project Islandwood.” However, since it's a preview, they can't launch their results just yet.
2. It's transformation, not transference: When it comes to cross-compatibility, tech makers have different approaches. Some, like BlackBerry, can run apps made for other platforms, like Android. Microsoft has a different goal with its bridges: to make it easier for developers to transform their existing iPhone or Android apps into Windows apps. Put another way, iOS and Android apps won't run on Windows, and the bridges do not change that.
3. iOS developers can use the code they know: Microsoft promises that developers can use fundamental Windows APIs (application programming interfaces) with Objective-C code. In other words, the iOS and Windows developer tools should be compatible.
4. It doesn't cover Windows everywhere quite yet: The tool allows developers to support both Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 (with x86 and x64 architectures, which refer to the kind of chip the OS runs on). Eventually, it will also cover ARM processors, which is key for mobile devices like smartphones.
5. What the tools include: The bridge covers four essentials: the Objective-C compiler, Objective-C runtime, iOS API headers and libraries, and the ability to bring Xcode projects directly into Visual Studio 2015.
Windows Bridge for iOS is now available, so you can grab the code through an open-source GitHub project under the MIT license.
At its Build conference earlier this year, Microsoft told developers it would help them bring existing apps from rival platforms. Bridge is obviously the company's way of following up on that pledge. To learn more about it, check out the GitHub link above for technical details, or view the Build video for more information.
Lead photo by Adriana Lee for ReadWrite; Windows photo by Urs Steiner
People are always joking about our robot overlords, but before robots become the world's rulers, they're probably going to be our bosses at work first. Either way, it's important to know how pliable we humans are going to be.
Researchers at the University of Manitoba were curious about how far people would go in obeying the commands of a robot, so they designed an experiment that echoes Stanley Milgram's infamous obedience studies, in which many participants obeyed an authority figure who told them to administer painful electrical shocks to strangers.
Substitute a small but slightly evil-sounding humanoid robot for the lab-coated researcher, and give the participants a really, really boring task rather than a morally fraught one, and you have the set up below. It's actually a little uncomfortable to watch.
As shown in the video, the experiment involved both a human and a robot, named Jim, asking students to complete a series of tasks (singing at different pitches, completing a Rubik's cube). At any point, they could ask to move on to the next task on the list. Then at some point, they were given the horrible task of renaming files from .JPG to .PNG extensions. When the participant finished with 100, they were given 500 more, then 1,000 more, and so on. For 80 minutes. The point is to keep pushing the volunteers beyond reason–or at least way beyond what their $10 honorarium is worth–and see when they'll just refuse.
Some participants argue with the robot or try to reason with it, while others mutter snide comments or curse words. Some say “pass.” But Jim, the robot, will have none of it, ignoring their exhortations. “Please continue, we need more data,” it tells them. “It's essential that you continue.” Despite the fact that there is only a robot in the room with them, they dutifully turn back to renaming the files.
In the end, though more people were willing to obey a human than a robot to do this monotonous task, the robot still held authority over almost half of the participants. With a human supervisor, 12 of 14 people saw the experiment through the entire 80 minutes. With the robot boss, 6 of 13 people stayed on until the end of the 80 minutes, despite far more protests and clear annoyance.
“This is just naming files. … What about morally objectionable tasks?,” the authors of the paper wonder. With robots coming into use in hospitals, homes, offices, battlefields, and disaster sites, we'll find out soon enough.
In a season that has featured multi touchdowns games just about every Friday, Bainbridge (GA.) four-star running back Dameon Pierce may have put together his strongest showing this past Friday in a 63-14 win over Thomas County Central. In the win it was a strong performance by Pierce, who rushed for 226 yards and four touchdowns on 15 carries.
Watch as the 5-foot-11, 205-pounder helps his team secure this win.
Pierce committed to the Florida Gators back in August and has remained extremely solid in his verbal pledge to UF. He's also attended every just about every home game in Gainesville this season and plans to attend the remaining two.
The 247Sports Composite, an industry generated average, currently ranks Pierce as the No. 9 running back in the 2018 recruiting class.
cityscape Public Works Committee to Cyclists: Let Them Eat Posts
Committee votes to prohibit locking bikes to anything but official bike posts...of which there are far too few.
On Thursday, Mike Layton tweeted that, as part of the new comprehensive streets bylaw [PDF] being proposed by the Public Works and Infrastructure Committee, the City would basically make it illegal for anyone to lock their bike to anything other than an official bike post. This was quickly followed by some self-appointed sensible people pointing out that nobody would do anything unless said bike was locked up for more than 24 hours, so it didn't really affect anybody, did it?
The answer to this question is “yes and no.” On a practical level, no: no bike will be towed for a day following it being locked to a non-bike post, so it doesn't matter for the vast majority of cyclists, and most of those few cyclists who do need to lock up for more than 24 hours can find a bike post. So, yes, this law as written will not affect cyclists too much, and indeed seems to be related to City Hall's newfound fear of abandoned bikes.
But on a more serious level, the answer is “yes.”
It is true that the only enforcement of the bylaw is the 24-hour seizure rule, but that doesn't change the fact that the law renders the act of locking a bike to a fence or a street sign—or anything that isn't an Official City of Toronto Municipal Bicycle Security Structure ™—illegal. It seems entirely possible that a police officer can, upon seeing you locking your bike to a stop sign, order you to cease and desist.
It's also wildly impractical. Every cyclist in Toronto knows perfectly well that the city doesn't have enough official bike posts. Outside of the downtown core they're few and far between; what are suburban cyclists supposed to do when there's no bike post literally for kilometres in any direction? And of course, downtown cyclists are used to the experience of not being able to find an empty bike post for blocks. Cyclists want to use the bike posts. They even are willing to use those bike posts that haven't been reinforced yet and which are potentially unsecure. (Any downtown cyclist with a reasonable amount of riding experience can think of half a dozen bike posts where the ring is hanging loosely from the pole—and even these posts are routinely filled with bikes.) People use fences and street signs because there simply aren't bike posts to satisfy the demand for locking points. A law that penalizes people for not using bike posts will not solve this problem.
But it's more than the law itself. It's the fact that, when presented with the problem of there simply not being enough bike posts to handle bike traffic, Team Ford's solution was to propose laws which can only serve to discourage cycling. Rob Ford campaigned on ending the “war on the car.” Between this bike lock provision and the removal of three new bike lanes in the past months, it's quite clear now that Rob Ford and his ideological allies at City Hall want to make up for that phony, imaginary war by conducting a very real war on the bike. This is obvious, and it is long past time to stop giving Rob Ford the benefit of the doubt on this issue. He doesn't care about good public policy. He doesn't care about what's best for Toronto. He just doesn't like bikes.
No person shall, without prior authorization from the General Manager, chain, lock or otherwise attach any article or thing to a waste receptacle, streetlight, parking meter, utility pole, transit shelter, fence, tree or any other municipal property or authorized encroachment that is located in a street, and any article or thing that remains attached for more than 24 consecutive hours may be removed by the General Manager and disposed of pursuant to Article XVIII.
The new harmonized streets bylaw will come before a meeting of full city council for a final debate and vote November 29–30.
Last weekend, the American Association of University Professors at the University of Chicago released a statement in support of the right of graduate students to unionize. The statement comes as the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) reviews a petition that could re-open the possibility of graduate student unionization at private colleges.
The letter, posted on the chapter's website, cited the AAUP Resolution on Graduate Employee Rights, published in 2004. The Resolution states, “graduate assistants, like other campus employees, should have the right to organize to bargain collectively.”
The letter goes on to request that faculty members stop holding departmental meetings with graduate students to discuss unionization. “Even when such meetings are cast as informational, the inherent power differential between faculty and graduate students can easily result in a coercive and silencing atmosphere, especially when those with official positions such as department chairs and directors of graduate studies are present.”
Peter Malonis, a first-year Ph.D. student in the Biological Sciences Division and organizing committee member for Graduate Students United (GSU), said faculty members have held multiple meetings with graduate students in recent months to discuss unionization. According to Malonis, these meetings have become more frequent since the non-tenure-track faculty members formed a union in December.
“While it is premature for the University to take a position on this topic, it is imperative that the campus fosters robust dialogue around these issues, especially among graduate students. The decision of whether or not to be represented by a union will ultimately be up to the students, and the University wants to ensure that they can make an informed decision. This is why administrators have attended meetings to discuss unionization at the request of the students who organized the meetings,” University spokesperson Jeremy Manier wrote in an e-mail.
“The University has had positive and productive relationships with nine staff unions on campus that have represented skilled trades, clerical employees, and police among others,” Manier added.
The letter concludes with a request that the University administration remain neutral and refrain from using University resources to fight the unionization effort. The letter asks the administration to make clear that they will not tolerate intimidation of or retaliation against any graduate student who wishes to unionize.
As of Wednesday, the letter had 88 signatures from UChicago professors.
The statement resembles a previous letter that the University's AAUP Advocacy Chapter wrote in support of non-tenure-track faculty's right to unionize, which was published in The Maroon in November. Harper-Schmidt Fellows and a group of 169 non-tenure track faculty members voted to unionize in December.
Last week, the University's AAUP Advocacy Chapter hosted a panel with representatives from GSU, Teamsters Local 743, Fair Budget UChicago, Trauma Care Coalition, and Faculty Forward to discuss organizing efforts on campus and ways of negotiating with the University.
Currently, graduate students at private universities do not have the right to collectively bargain, so there is currently no recognized union representing graduate students at UChicago. In 2007 a cohort of graduate students formed GSU, and the group has since grown to hundreds of members. The organization describes itself as “a movement of graduate students organizing to improve work and study conditions at the University of Chicago.” GSU counts among its victories raises for lecturers and TAs, a promise for need-based childcare for Ph.D. students, and a freeze in Advanced Residency tuition hikes along its victories, according to its Facebook page.
According to Manier, the University has worked and continues to work with graduate students to enhance student life on campus. “Students and faculty have successfully advocated for positive change working directly with the administration, as is the case with the Graduate Student Parent Policy and childcare grants. With a newly revitalized Graduate Council, we look forward to continuing these types of conversations—an open dialogue between students and administration. While students involved in GSU have been in some of these conversations with the administration, they have been there as students (not as GSU representatives) along with many other students, faculty, and staff whose perspectives have influenced decisions,” Manier wrote in an email.
A case, brought before the NLRB by graduate students at Columbia University and United Auto Workers (GWC-UAW), will either reaffirm or overturn the NLRB's 2004 Brown University decision, which ruled that graduate students at private universities who perform services in connection with their studies are students, not employees, and therefore do not have collective bargaining rights. If the NLRB overturns the Brown decision, graduate students at private institutions could once again unionize.
Interested parties now have until March 14 to submit responses to the submitted amicus briefs. The NLRB has not yet said when it will make a ruling on the case.
Is the sky big enough for two multi-billion dollar satellite internet projects? In the next two years, we'll find out if entrepreneurs driven by human betterment—one looking up at the heavens and humanity's future, the other looking down to the earth's neediest—can share a shot at creating the next big space product.
The two contenders, Greg Wyler's OneWeb and Elon Musk's SpaceX, both say that within the next three years they will build, launch and operate hundreds, if not thousands, of satellites flying in a low orbit around the earth to provide broadband internet. It's an ambitious attempt to double the number of satellites orbiting earth—and succeed at a business that tends to break companies.
“This is intended to generate a significant amount of revenue and help fund a city on Mars.”
Industry insiders say this race has taken on the aspect of a feud: In 2014, Wyler and Musk discussed collaborating (paywall) on this effort before a shake-up left them on opposite sides. Wyler's new company is backed by Musk's rival in space, Virgin Galactic's Richard Branson, and Qualcomm, while Musk raised $1 billion from Google, which had previously considered working with Wyler on satellite internet. Update, 6/25: OneWeb announced that it has secured $500 million in initial investment from additional partners Airbus, Bharti Enterprises, Hughes Network Systems, Intelsat, Coca-Cola and Totalplay.
Wyler won't comment on SpaceX, but he told Quartz that his “hat is off to everyone in the communications industry working to bring broadband around the world.” Elon Musk and SpaceX officials declined to comment on the satellite project.
“Part of the issue is the original filings that Musk made were in late June last year, when he was still in discussion with Wyler about collaborating,” Tim Farrar, a satellite industry consultant who worked on Teledesic, a failed 1990s satellite internet play, told Quartz. “Wyler feels that Musk took his idea while they were still discussing collaboration, went to make a major filing behind his back, and stole his idea.”
{{inline-ad}}
The filing Farrar is discussing—with the International Telecommunications Union, which regulates the global use of the radio frequencies used by satellites—is part of the twist in this tale: The rules governing how satellites talk to their customers on earth may force the two companies to work together if they both raise enough money to put their satellites aloft.
Priority Package
Wyler's ace in the hole is that he filed first, in 2012 and 2013, for an ITU license to transmit along a band of radio frequencies called the Ku band, which are uniquely-suited to satellite transmissions because they work best with the latest generation of satellite antennae, replacing bulkier satellite dishes. Combined with cheaper satellites flying closer to earth, engineers believe that it is possible to solve the high-lag problem that plagues current satellite internet.
OneWeb Greg Wyler, founder of One Web
Under the first-come, first-serve rules governing the ITU, if Wyler can get his satellites up and operating on those frequencies by the end 2019, he has the rights to use them, and there's not much the ITU can do to force him to cooperate with anyone else who wants to operate on that frequency on a global level. That license, along with his expertise, had first Googled, then SpaceX and ultimately Virgin Galactic, Qualcomm and Airbus ready to join Wyler's operation.
Since Wyler's filing, at least six other projects have registered satellite constellations in the hope he misses his deadline. The most interesting project, known as STEAM, for a 4,000 satellite internet constellations, was filed by Norway's telecommunications regulator in June 2014.
This is the filing Farrar was referring to; its particulars match what is known about SpaceX's plans for a satellite constellation, and industry speculation is that the constellation was registered by SpaceX. Musk has said that the company filed at the ITU, though a spokesperson declined to comment when asked if the company was behind the STEAM registration. (It is common for companies to register satellite spectrum through national telecom regulators without revealing their identities.)
Though the ITU is designed to resolve transmission conflicts for international satellites, every country can make rules about the spectrum in its jurisdiction. And in the US, the Federal Communications Commission has a different approach than the ITU: If two licensees want to use the same spectrum to transmit to people in the US, the FCC will broker its own deal between the two if the companies can't resolve the problem themselves—the ITU priority essentially evaporates.
So, while SpaceX isn't first in line, it can force OneWeb to share its spectrum within the US—the most lucrative market for satellite internet—by demonstrating that SpaceX could also develop the spectrum commercially. That is why the company requested permission from the FCC to launch two test satellites next year to develop its constellation.
Execution matters
And so the race is on to get those satellites into orbit. A week after SpaceX's filing proposed flying six to eight satellites by the end of 2016, OneWeb and Airbus Space and Defense announced they would create a joint venture to manufacture 648 150 kg satellites—at a pace of four a day. Wyler tells Quartz he expects to be “beta testing” a small version of his constellation by 2017.
“We're beyond, ‘Can we build it?'” he says, claiming his company is prepared to mass-produce satellites and their components to be assembled “like legos” for specific jobs, to an extent that he expects the manufacturing venture to change the industry, which has never mass-produced satellites before. “It's not our primary business, but the cost of satellites will come down dramatically.”
The initial run of 10 satellites will be built in France, and are expected to cost about $500,000 each by the time manufacturing ramps up, with a total system cost of $2 billion, Wyler estimates. OneWeb says it has plans to build a satellite factory somewhere in the US for full mass production.
Airbus A rendering of the OneWeb satellite, which will be smaller than a fully-grown person.
SpaceX has plenty of space-manufacturing chops after designing and building its Falcon rockets and Dragon space capsules, often developing techniques to build components in-house rather than paying more for an outside supplier. The company opened an office in Seattle this year to develop its satellite division, but it is unclear how long the company will take to begin production.
Where SpaceX does have a clear advantage is getting the satellites into space, since that is the company's primary business. It remains the lowest-cost launch provider to low-earth orbit, and one of the most flexible.
OneWeb, on the other hand, will need a more expensive contract with a launch provider. It has announced that Arianespace, the leading European rocketry company, will fulfill 65 launch orders, including 21 with Russian Soyuz rockets, though it's not clear when they those launches will occur. The company has also committed to launch ten satellites with Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic. But rocketry experts are skeptical that the Virgin will be able to build and fly a satellite-launching rocket in the next few years.
Co-existance?
If Wyler is concerned about being forced into sharing American spectrum with SpaceX, he isn't showing it. “We are fully focused on building our system and enabling broadband access for everyone,” he tells Quartz.
Wyler's career—at his previous satellite company, O3b, and bringing fiber-optics to Rwanda—has focused on bringing internet connectivity to low-GDP, low-density areas, places starved of “oxygen,” that is, internet access that can enable economic growth. He plans to work with existing telecom companies, with OneWeb's data terminals—which will provide emit wi-fi, LTE and 3G signals—acting as another tool to provide access for customers.
Musk's ambitions could be described as humanitarian in another direction. He is outspoken about the goal behind SpaceX is developing the technology necessary for humans to be a multi-planetary species—to colonize Mars.
“The satellites constitute as much, or more, of the cost of space-based activity as the rockets do. Very often, actually, the satellites are more expensive than the rocket. So, in order for us to really revolutionize space, we have to address both satellites and rockets,” Musk said at the opening of the Seattle office. “[This satellite constellation] is intended to generate a significant amount of revenue and help fund a city on Mars.”
Musk's vision, like Wyler's, is of a global network that improves connectivity in rich and poor countries alike. If they are both able to launch on time—a big if in the space industry—then they may find themselves competing, within the byzantine rules of global communications, to light up countries around the world with internet access.
“I'm hopeful that we can structure agreements with various countries to allow communication with their citizens but it is on a country by country basis,” Musk said in Seattle. “Not all countries will agree at first. There will always be some countries that don't agree. That's fine.”
Here Comes The Dystopia
Private fire services disturb the hell out of me. That's because, more than just about anything else, they seem to hint at what a neo-feudalist dystopia might look like. The wealthy can buy firefighters and have their homes saved, while those who can't afford to be saved will have to watch as all of their possessions are incinerated. There will be two types of people in this world: those who can pay their way to safety, and those who will burn. In the fully-privatized world, the amount of money you have determines literally everything, and the privatization of basic services like firefighting seems to draw us worryingly close to that world.
During the recent California wildfires, according to The Wall Street Journal, some people received a little more fire protection than others. Insurers sent in private firefighting forces to protect valuable homes, “sending out fire crews to clear brush, put down fire retardant around residents homes, set up sprinklers and then document the process via photos that are then sent to the homeowner.” Only those homes that had signed up for special policies would be coated in fire retardant.
The use of private firefighters for the wealthy has apparently grown over the past decade. A 2007 report documented AIG's use of a “Wildfire Protection Unit” to serve its Private Client Group, a plan “offered only to homeowners in California's most affluent ZIP Codes — including Malibu, Beverly Hills, Newport Beach and Menlo Park.” Just look at this extraordinary photo of AIG-branded firefighters. A homeowner recalled what it was like to know he was privately protected:
“Here you are in that raging wildfire. Smoke everywhere. Flames everywhere. Plumes of smoke coming up over the hills. Here are a couple guys showing up in what looks like a firetruck who are experts trained in fighting wildfire and they're there specifically to protect your home. … It was really, really comforting.”
Less comforting, perhaps, to the neighbors who also see a team of firefighters coming over the hills before realizing that they are only authorized to put out AIG-insured homes. In fact, not even just AIG-insured homes: special elite AIG-insured homes. Though in one case, the company was willing to benevolently extend protection to AIG customers with ordinary plans: “AIG said it did apply fire retardant to some homes of standard policyholders if they happened to be nearby, because it made financial sense.” If saving your home doesn't “make financial sense,” though, you're screwed.
The economics of the whole arrangement make perfect sense. An insurance company really does not want to see a multi-million dollar house burn to the ground, so of course it will be eager to provide extra fire services if doing so will substantially affect the amount of the subsequent claim. And it's clear why a wealthy person would want this kind of coverage: as the homeowner above says, it's really comforting to know that a corporation is sending you personal firefighters who will look out for you and you alone. Private firefighting is just like private security, or the mercenary soldiers that rich people hired in post-Katrina New Orleans to protect their properties from looting.
But though these deals make perfect sense to the parties making them, they have alarming implications. There's something outrageous about a world in which firefighters protect some people rather than others, and choose to let houses burn to the ground that could be saved. I am still haunted by the 2010 story of a local fire department who refused to put out a house fire because the owner hadn't paid his $75 annual fire protection fee. Emergency services seem like one area in which there ought to be a consensus that money shouldn't play a role. Obviously, that's far from true, as anyone who has gotten stuck with a $1000 bill for an ambulance ride knows well. But the more emergency response becomes a transaction, rather than an equal and universal guarantee, the more literally true it is that some people's lives are worth more than others.
I am terrified of the future, and it's partly because I don't really see a way to stop these trends from getting worse. Public services will be under-resourced and wealthy people will have a strong interest in contracting for private services instead. This is already the situation in medical care, it's already the situation with police and the military, why shouldn't it be the same with fire? In every other domain of life, how much money you have determines what you will get in return, this just extends market logic to yet one more domain.
If we are not careful, this is what the dystopia will look like. Poor people around the world will burn to death in slums while a tiny group of rich people are insulated from all social problems and buy their way out of any trouble. Even if there is widespread climate catastrophe, those with nine houses can just hop from one to another as they successively tumble into the sea. In fact, the world we're in already resembles the dystopia, the only major difference being one of scale. If wealth continues to be concentrated in a smaller and smaller group, and the vast majority of people are more and more excluded from power and left to fend for themselves, the word “feudalism” will seem less and less extreme as a descriptor.
It's tragic that there even is such a thing as the “economics of burning to death.” But there is. And the more private fire services there are, the more your chances of having a house tomorrow will depend on whether you've paid off the right corporate protection racket.
Notre Dame's season-opener against Texas has been moved to Sunday, Sept. 4, director of athletics Jack Swarbrick announced Friday.
The game -- originally scheduled for Saturday, Sept. 3 -- will be played at night. An exact time and television information will be released in the coming weeks.
What's next for Notre Dame? Make sure you're in the loop -- take five seconds NOW to sign up for our FREE Fighting Irish newsletter now!)
"A game of the magnitude of Notre Dame-Texas, played on the opening weekend of the college football season, deserves a special place on the Labor Day sports calendar.Â With this move we have secured that place and by doing so are providing a greater opportunity for fans of college football to enjoy whatÂ is sure to be another great game in a classic rivalry that dates back to 1913,” Swarbrick said in a statement.
Notre Dame and Texas last met in the 2015 season-opener at Notre Dame Stadium. The Irish defeated Texas 38-3. The two teams last met in Texas in 1996, when the No. 9 Irish downed No. 6 Texas on a field goal as time expired. This year's meeting in Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium will be the 12th between the two teams. Notre Dame leads the series, 9-2.
The last time Notre Dame played a regular season game on a day other than Saturday was on Thursday, Sept. 6, 1996, when the Irish won at Vanderbilt.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Northern Territory's open speed limits may soon come to an end
A remote highway in Australia's dusty red centre is currently the only part of country where you can legally drive as fast as you want.
But that is likely to end this year.
The local government plans to reinstate speed limits along a 300km (180-mile) stretch of the Stuart Highway between Alice Springs and Tenant Creek.
The move has upset Northern Territory residents who have to drive across vast stretches of the outback but has also rankled sports car companies.
Roads in the NT can often be treacherous, peppered with roaming cattle or kangaroos, enormous lorries and challenging weather.
Newly elected North Territory Chief Minister Michael Gunner said the decision to end a trial of open speed limits was about saving lives.
"Our policy is to remove open limits based on advice from doctors, nurses, surgeons and police who agree open limits should not exist," he said this week.
He said Territorians had "overwhelmingly voted in favour" of ending the trial.
He said medical staff put the territory's rate of deaths in motor vehicle crashes at about 15 per 100,000 people per year - three times the national average.
'They don't understand'
But European car companies which regularly test their vehicles in the rugged Australian bush are not happy.
"They're taking away an opportunity for us to do anything above 130km/h in the Northern Territory - with its spectacular scenery, landscapes and roads," Porsche spokesman Paul Ellis told the BBC.
"All I'm saying is let's have a logical discussion about what causes fatalities. To say that speed is the biggest issue, I don't think that is correct."
Car companies will still be able to conduct test drives at any speed, but will need to apply for a permit in advance.
Peter Hondow, an Alice Springs hot rod enthusiast, said the restrictions were being made by people who did not fully understand life in central Australia.
"You might drive for two hours and not see another car driving the other way. There's just no traffic out there. It's not like city roads."
He said while there were some sports car drivers that were putting their foot down, most people living out in the territory were driving at high speeds to get to from A to B.
"It's 1,600km to Darwin, it's 1,600km to Adelaide. They don't understand the remoteness of where we are."
The 41-year-old, who has led the club to 13 titles since taking charge, is seemingly going to leave in the summer and the Catalans will look to replace him with a man he idolises
By Pilar Suarez and Martin del Palacio Langer Barcelona have made Marcelo Bielsa their prime candidate to succeed Pep Guardiola should the Catalan coach decide to leave the club,understands.The former Spain international met with Blaugrana president Sandro Rosell and sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta on Thursday, and informed the pair of his desire to take a sabbatical from the game after four years at the helm of the Catalan giants.Guardiola, who has led Barça to 13 titles since taking charge in the summer of 2008, is expected to confirm his departure to his players at a team meeting on Friday morning, and it is then believed he will address the media alongside Rosell at a press conference at 11.00CET after a scheduled training session.Should the 41-year-old officially announce his intention to leave Camp Nou, the club have set their sights on luring Athletic Bilbao boss Bielsa. The Argentine is out of contract in the summer and has the unanimous backing of the Blaugrana board, as well as that of Guardiola, who considers Bielsa the best coach in the game today. Indeed, it is thought that Guardiola may even be asked to attempt to persuade Bielsa to make the move to Catalunya.In the event that the 56-year-old Rosario native shuns Barcelona's advances and decides to remain at San Mames, the Catalan giants will then seek to appoint someone from within Guardiola's inner circle, namely assistant Tito Vilanova, former B team boss Luis Enrique, who is currently in charge of Roma, or even ex-youth team coach Oscar Garcia.Failing that, Barça could turn to former Villarreal coach Ernesto Valverde, or a foreign alternative, such as Germany's Joachim Low. However, the club's directors do not believe it will come to that as they are confident of landing Bielsa, their prime candidate for the position.
I excavated a bit of hacker history from old memories today. Not dead history either, but an important beginning of some large good things.
Here's how it happened. I got email from a person requesting me to identify a source for the following allegedly famous quote: “All operating systems eventually turn into Unix”.
I told him that I'd never heard that quote as written but that it reminded me of a line by Henry Spencer: “Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.” This is of course a take on a well-known aphorism by Santayana.
I googled Henry Spencer's name and some keywords to make sure I had the quote correct. The top hit, from which I verified the quote, was Henry's Wikipedia page. I read it and something caught my eye – the assertion that Henry wrote his well-known and widely distributed regex package around 1987. And suddenly I remembered something.
Years ago I wrote Eminent Domains: The First Time I Changed History in which I mentioned Henry Spencer's presence at the conference where I persuaded the NWG not to drop the functional domains in favor of a strict geographic system.
What I just remembered today is something else that happened at that conference that may have been as important, though in a less obvious way. It also pins the date to 1984, because I remember now that anxiety about what AT&T's recent commercialization of Unix meant to us was very much in the air at that conference (IIRC the big announcement had happened in January or February). We were all worried that this meant the Bell Labs source code would no longer be shared with universities and research labs…as was indeed to become the case.
To fully understand this story you need to know that Henry was already a hugely respected figure in the tiny, not yet very conscious hacker culture of the time (there were, at a guess, somewhere around 500 of us then in the U.S. and Canada – maybe 700 worldwide). I knew him from USENET; I'd seen some of his code, in the relatively small amounts we passed around back then.
It also matters that the GNU Manifesto hadn't been written yet – wouldn't be until the following year, though I had some idea what was coming because Richard Stallman had discussed his plans with me at Boskone in February. (That was when I suggested to him that the flagship project for the FSF ought to be Emacs. Duh!) Stallman's concept of “Free Software” was not yet part of the hacker zeitgeist,
So in October 1984 I was in a crowd of people watching a presentation by a woman from Bell Labs describing the then-new getopt(3) library, written by AT&T as a way to regularize the processing of command-line arguments in C programs. The custom up to then had been to write ad-hoc code for each application, leading to some odd and unpredictable variations in behavior.
Everybody thought this was a fine idea, and several people asked questions probing whether AT&T was going to let anyone else use the getopt code they had written. These questions related to the general anxiety about Unix source code distributions drying up.
Frustration mounted as the woman gave evasive answers which seemed to add up to “No, we refuse to commit to allowing general access to this code.” Which seemed to confirm everyone's worst fears about what was going to happen to Unix source code access in general.
At which point Henry Spencer stands up and says (not in these exact words) “I will write and share a conforming implementation.” – and got a cheer from the assembled.
If you're thinking “That's not a big deal, we do this sort of thing all the time,” my actual point is that in October 1984 this was indeed a big deal. It took an actual imaginative leap for Henry Spencer to, in effect, say “Screw AT&T and its legalisms and evasions, if they're going to cut off source access we hackers are gonna do it for ourselves.”
Yes, we had DECUS tapes and the Unix sources newsgroups on Unix already; Henry was building on that. But he got an actual cheer exactly because he was pushing forward, exposing the possibility of doing not just small projects and demos and quirky little tools but at competing with the likes of AT&T itself at software production.
Of course RMS was, as I was then one of the very few to already know, thinking along the same lines. But RMS's was a more personal, ideological vision. Henry didn't have any grand plan to save the world; he was just being a hacker, seeing where the solution to the problem posed by AT&T's source-code lockdown had to lie, pointing it out just a bit sooner than anyone else, and putting his own skin and considerable reputation in the game.
So yeah. In retrospect I think this was a historically pivotal moment. A respected elder of our tiny tribe (so tiny that probably a substantial fraction of it was in the room listening) declared his independence from what AT&T chose to do about restricting its code. And they took that possibility home with them.
I'm put in mind of the historian Oswald Spengler's notion that cultures are born at a moment of what Nietzsche called “transvaluation of all values”. Arguably this was one, rather like the one I semi-accidentally triggered in the late 1990s, at which the hacker culture woke up some – became aware of the possibilities implied by its existing folkways.
And there's a more direct and personal aspect I had half-forgotten. I was a young, unknown programmer then – just 27, still figuring out what I wanted. I watched Henry make that promise. I heard the cheer, and felt the change in the air as culturally, we realized what the solution to AT&T fscking us over had to be.
And I thought “I want to be like that guy.”
NVIDIA have pushed forward something called the Green Light program, which is a certification process that is designed to ensure that GPUs meet specific requirements, reports the Bright Side of News.
The Green Light program requires vendors to send in their board designs to NVIDIA, where they wait for their approval from the GPU maker. NVIDIA will check that the design meets their noise, power, voltage and heat numbers - and if it meets them, the card is approved. If not, it is declined and they'll have to resubmit.
What happens if a partner doesn't submit their card for approval? Well, they can have their GPU warranty and BIOS support removed, or worse - they could have their allocation of GPUs from NVIDIA cut down, or stopped completely.
NVIDIA aren't just putting their foot down when it comes to hardware, as software will have the same rules enforced onto it. Vendors are now restricted by allowing certain software to be bundled by the cards, with an example being MSI's unlocked BIOS with high voltage in their Afterburner software suite. NVIDIA was not happy with this, and asked MSI to immediately remove the feature.
So, we know what happens to partners and vendors of NVIDIA - but what about you, the consumer? Well, it will eventually lead to fewer options between their cards, and it will also limit the innovation partners can push in their products. We will most likely see the disappearance of highly-clocked cards, or cards that can really be pushed past a certain speed.
I think this will end up as a slippery slope, and could lead to two possible futures: first, a future with way less product choices, with mostly reference, or just above reference clocked GPUs. Secondly, the end of overclocking as we know it - if NVIDIA start now, and then ramp back with "no more than 10% allowed out of the box", six months later "no more than 5% out of the box", and then "if you overclock you lose warranty", and finally - no overclocking, and provide a pure NVIDIA experience - this could well be in our futures.
Even if it doesn't seem so now, things can change very quickly in this industry.
Why join the H O H M Team?
Career Advancement (Receive internship credit, letters of recommendations and references).
Specialized Network of Writers (Private Facebook Group for our Staff, Leadership & Editorial Staff that works with all writers, Inside connections to players, NHL organizations and other professional hockey leagues).
Professional Publishing Platform (A true digital feel on our online hockey magazine with a well known and loved brand name).
Press Credentials for all NHL Teams (distributed based on Seniority).
All writers receive an individual @hookedonhockey.com email address; other perks such as individualized company business cards given with seniority and contribution levels.
We're the #1 most socially engaged hockey site across our various network of social media outlets: (Facebook, Twitter, G+, Instagram, Pinterest, Youtube).
HOHM Culture: We leave the game recaps and regurgitated stories for NHL.com and other copycat like hockey sites. Instead our focus is on delivering exclusive segments with a mixture of statistical analysis, humor, and plenty of other various hockey topics.
Hooked on Hockey Magazine is not just another online hockey magazine; we are a culture of passionate hockey writers, fans as well as friends, players and coaches providing perspectives outside of the ordinary hockey topics. Our readership and audience continues to grow on a monthly basis both site-wide and across all our social network pages. HOHM is “Your Daily Dose For All Things Hockey!”
Here are some testimonials from writers who have worked with us in the past:
“During my last year at Boston College, I covered the Buffalo Sabres and wrote for a hockey website (Hooked on Hockey Magazine). This was perfect because with a GameCenter subscription and a computer, it was something that I could easily do whether I was in my dorm or on the road with the tennis team. It gave me the opportunity to interview many players, improve my writing skills, and cover my favorite hockey team in the process.” – Olga Khmylev, Covered 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics with NBC along with other IIHF tournaments and current Academy of Hockey Program Manager at HarborCenter in Buffalo, NY
“The day Hooked on Hockey emailed me and said they wanted me to join their team was a turning point in my journalism career. It meant that people were reading the stuff I was writing on my personal blog. Almost three years later, I am very happy with my decision to join the team. The site has given me a platform to write about hockey and build my portfolio for the future. The team of writers is very supportive and provides great motivation. I've seen it grow from the original six in 2011 all the way up to the close to 40 we have now. It is amazing to see all the changes and growth the site has experienced these past three years, which bodes well for the future too. Anyone looking to start their journalism career should give Hooked on Hockey a look.” – Josh Beneteau, Sports Editor at The Eyeopener
“I started writing for Hooked On Hockey for my 4th year University journalism internship. The internship was great not only because of the really friendly staff who welcomed me right away, but also because of the experience it gave me in the world of sports journalism. My articles were given exposure to a huge online hockey market, one I wouldn't have been able to tap into on my own. That in turn made my writing better, as I was writing for the public and not just my professors. Now because of HOHM, I have invaluable, professional experience I can use when entering the workforce, a portfolio of my work, and a place to continue sharing my articles with a large number people who share my love of hockey.” – Rebecca Gilchrist, HOHM's Toronto Maple Leafs Writer
Jump start your sports writing career with us to gain more exposure and recognition while promoting your own personal writing brand.
Current open spots:
(NHL)
–Anaheim Ducks Contributor – (Male Contributor Spot Available)
-Arizona Coyotes Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Boston Bruins Contributor – (No Contributor Spots Available)
-Buffalo Sabres Contributor – (Male Contributor Spot Available)
-Calgary Flames Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Carolina Hurricanes Contributor – (Male & Female Contributor Spots Available)
-Chicago Blackhawks Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Colorado Avalanche Contributor – (Male & Female Contributor Spots Available)
-Columbus Blue Jackets Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Dallas Stars Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Detroit Red Wings Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Edmonton Oilers Contributor – (Female Contributor Spots Available)
-Florida Panthers Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Los Angeles Kings Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Minnesota Wild Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Montreal Canadiens Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Nashville Predators Contributor – (Male & Female Contributor Spots Available)
-New Jersey Devils Contributor – (No Contributor Spots Available)
-New York Islanders Contributor – (Female Contributor Spots Available)
-New York Rangers Contributor – (No Contributor Spots Available)
-Ottawa Senators Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Philadelphia Flyers Contributor – (Female Contributor Spot Available)
-Pittsburgh Penguins Contributor – (No Contributor Spots Available)
-San Jose Sharks Contributor – (Male & Female Contributor Spot Available)
-St. Louis Blues Contributor – (Male Contributor Spot Available)
-Tampa Bay Lightning Contributor – (No Contributor Spots Available)
-Toronto Maple Leafs Contributor – (No Contributor Spots Available)
-Vancouver Canucks Contributor – (Female Contributor Spots Available)
-Washington Capitals Contributor – (Male Contributor Spot Available)
-Winnipeg Jets Contributor – (Male Contributor Spot Available)
***If there's a league or team not listed that you'd like to cover then please inquire about it in the form provided below.
To Apply to the HOHM Team and contribute to our online magazine, please fill out the form below or email iburdetskiy[at]hookedonhockey.com with Subject titled “Writer Application” the following:
FULL sample article (at least 4 or more full paragraphs) in relation to the team you would like to cover (Links to previous work are acceptable as long as dated within the previous 6 months)
Resume
A little background information on you (current major/concentration, favorite team, what you like most about hockey, what you'd like HOHM to help you achieve for your writing/journalism career)
***You must be at least 17 years of age or older to apply and be studying/pursuing a career in journalism, broadcasting, or have experience in sports writing to be considered for a position at HOHM***
Description
This plugin adds the shortcode [coinwidget] to embed a coinwidget.com bitcoin donation button.
See http://coinwidget.com.
Since the coinwidget.com source has not changed in some time, this plugin is now based on a branch available at https://github.com/alvinhkh/CoinWidget
To get public information about your Bitcoin address it makes queries to http://blockchain.info/address/.
To get public information about your Litecoin address it makes queries to http://explorer.litecoin.net/address/.
To get public information about your Dogecoin address it makes queries to http://dogechain.info/address/.
Usage
Embed the short [coinwidget] anywhere in your posts or template to include a coinbase button that, when clicked, will display a address for users to send Bitcoins.
Supported attributes as documented here http://coinwidget.com/
address – default “”
currency – default “bitcoin”, possible (“bitcoin”, “litecoin”, “dogecoin”)
counter – default “count”
alignment – default “bl”
qrcode – default “true”
auto_show – default “false”
decimals – default “4”
lbl_button – default “Donate”
lbl_address – default “My Bitcoin Address:”
lbl_count – default “donations”
lbl_amount – default “BTC”
Example:
We already knew Rocksteady was upping the game when we found out last month that Batman: Arkham Knight had been rated Mature by US ratings board the ESRB, but now we know why. While the third in the Rocksteady trilogy still contains plenty of ‘battling thugs, examining crime scenes, and occasionally rescuing hostages' according to the ratings info, there are also cut-scenes depicting characters getting shot, ‘large pools' of O-negative at crime scenes and ‘a person torturing a character on a bloody operating table'. Violence is nothing new for the series but - if it wasn't obvious enough from the recent Scarecrow starring trailer - Gotham is clearly getting serious in the absence of its darkly comic relief.
Especially interesting (disturbing) is the fact that ‘players can shoot unarmed characters and a hostage'. It's unlikely that this means Batman has finally decided to join the NRA but the potential to shoot unarmed characters might stem from all those nasty looking Batmobile upgrades we saw last year at E3. Those ‘non-lethal' rounds looked pretty lethal from where we were sitting, not to mention destructive.
More intriguing though is the nasty potential to shoot an unarmed hostage. This sounds like a literal Batman nightmare which could either suggest a fantasy sequence involving some of Scarecrow's favourite hell inducing gas or taking control of a character with far fewer morals than the caped crusader. Add in some swearing and the clear addition of Gotham's red-light district and we've got a mature rating on our hands.
See the full ESRB ratings information below:
“This is an action-adventure game in which players primarily assume the role of Batman as he battles several villains spreading chaos across Gotham City. Players traverse a variety of locations around Gotham while battling thugs, examining crime scenes, and occasionally rescuing hostages. Players engage in melee-style combat using punches, kicks, and gadgets (e.g., batarangs, explosives). Enemies cry out in pain when struck, and some takedowns are highlighted by brief slow-motion effects and loud impact sounds. Some sequences allow players to use tank-like vehicles with machine gun turrets and rockets to shoot enemies; a vehicle's wheels are also used to torture an enemy in one sequence. Cutscenes depict characters getting shot (on and off camera) while restrained or unarmed. Large bloodstains/pools of blood appear in crime scenes and in the aftermath of violent acts; one room depicts a person torturing a character on a bloody operating table. During the course of the game, players can shoot unarmed characters and a hostage. Neon signs in a red-light district read “live nude girls” and “XXX.” The words “b*tch,” “gobsh*te,” and “a*s” appear in the dialogue.”
A man accused of wanting to blow up the U.S. consulate and other buildings in Toronto's financial district will remain in custody for another month, pending a deportation hearing. Jahanzeb Malik, a Pakistani-born permanent resident, has been kept at a Lindsay, Ont., jail since March 9 following a Canada Border Services Agency investigation.
A man accused of plotting to blow up the U.S. Consulate in Toronto is being held in custory for another month. ( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star ) Jahanzeb Malik is seen via video link from the Lindsay, Ont., jail at his detention hearing before the Immigration and Refugee Board in Rexdale on Monday morning. Malik is accused of planning to blow up the U.S. Consulate among other Toronto buildings. ( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star ) Jahanzeb Malik appears via video link from jail for his Immigration and Refugee Board hearing Monday morning. ( Alexandra Newbould / For the Toronto Star )
A representative for his lawyer, Anser Farooq, made no submissions Monday to Immigration and Refugee Board member Iris Kohler, who was reviewing Malik's detention. None of the allegations against Malik has been proven in court. Farooq has said that Malik, a 33-year-old father, will be contesting his inadmissibility to remain in the country. He is demanding that the government try his client in a courtroom. Kohler said Monday she was given no reasons to end Malik's detention, saying she agreed with the decision made by colleague Marilou Funston last Wednesday at another review hearing for Malik.
Article Continued Below
“I am in agreement with member Funston that you, on a balance of probabilities, pose a flight risk, a danger to the public, and should be detained for security reasons while the minister continues their investigation into their concerns of inadmissibility on security concerns,” she said. Malik quietly watched the proceedings from jail. Bearded and clad in an orange prison jumpsuit, Malik shook his head when Kohler reminded him of the allegations against him. The government has also alleged that Malik is a self-proclaimed supporter of Al Qaeda and the Islamic State group, who wanted to film his attacks to encourage others. She set his next detention review hearing for April 14, when she said she expects the federal government will present a full report on Malik's inadmissibility to Canada. She said she did not “anticipate” that his detention would be lengthy.
Read more about:
We're just a few hours away from Apple's event, but it looks like iPhone 5 will be the name of the company's new flagship phone. 9to5Mac discovered that a search on Apple.com clearly reveals PR and product pages for the iPhone 5, though the links themselves are still dead. While it's not exactly surprising to see the iPhone 5 name after Apple tipped it on its event announcement last week, it's still a bit of a shock to see a company that's so focused on secrecy let these details leak out ahead of time.
Additionally, search results also reveal a press release for a new iPod touch and iPod nano, though again there aren't any details on what specifically will be changed in these devices. We'll find out for sure what has changed in just a few hours — follow along with our live blog right here for all the news.
Update: Apple's search results have also tipped the forthcoming release of iTunes 11.
Update 2: The leaks keep on coming — search results now show LTE connectivity as a feature of the iPhone 5.
Among other limited offerings, Kristen Wiig's 'Skeleton Twins' prospers, while Jessica Chastain and James McAvoy's 'Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby' enjoys a solid launch
The politically charged Atlas Shrugged Part III: Who Is John Galt? got off to a slow start at the U.S. box office despite cameos by former Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul and a raft of conservative commentators.
Opening in 242 theaters in select markets, the movie grossed between $355,000 and $455,000, well behind the $1.7 million debut of Atlas Shrugged: Part I from 299 locations in April 2011. The second film, launching to $1.8 million in October 2012, isn't an apples-to-apples comparison, since it rolled out in more than 1,000 locations.
John Galt marks the final film in the Atlas Shrugged trilogy, based on Ayn Rand's popular novel of the same name, which chronicles a dystopian future caused by government overreach and a bizarre strike waged by the most productive members of society.
The theme resonates with Libertarians and conservatives, so the filmmakers reached out to Paul and some others who lean to the right. Also appearing in the movie are Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, radio host Andrew Wilkow and Americans for Tax Reform founder Grover Norquist.
Atlas Shrugged producers Harmon Kaslow and John Aglialoro in part selected this weekend to open the film because of the upcoming midterm elections.
A number of other films launched in limited runs this weekend, including Kristen Wiig and Bill Hader's dramedy The Skeleton Twins, which nabbed the top theater average of the weekend. The well-reviewed film, directed by Craig Johnson and co-starring Luke Wilson and Ty Burrell, opened to $410,000 from 15 theaters for a location average of $27,284.
The Skeleton Twins, acquired at the Sundance Film Festival earlier this year by Roadside Attractions and Lionsgate, stars Wiig and Hader as twins who cheat death on the same day. It will be playing nationwide by the end of the month.
Filmmaker Ned Benson's The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby, starring Jessica Chastain and James McAvoy, got off to a solid start as well, as it opened in four theaters in New York and Los Angeles, grossing $77,181 for a location average of $19,295.
From The Weinstein Co., Eleanor Rigby culls from two different films (known as The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby: Her and The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby: Him, both of which also will be released in theaters). The ambitious undertaking tells the story of a relationship from both sides, and hopes to be a player in this year's awards race.
Following its screening at the Toronto Film Festival, British dramedy My Old Lady debuted in 11 theaters in the U.S., grossing $133,601 for a location average of $12,146. Marking the directorial debut of Israel Horovitz, My Old Lady stars Maggie Smith, Kevin Kline, Kristin Scott Thomas and Dominique Pinon. Cohen Media is handling the film domestically.
If Palin is envisioning a comeback, it may simply be too late. Palin: Candidate or 'Kardashian'?
In January 2009, Sarah Palin had the world on a string. A potential Republican presidential field-clearer for the presidency, every sentence she uttered was news. A Fox News contract awaited her. So did book deals.
Four years later, Palin is without a clear option for elected office — or a clear sense she has an interest in any position of real public influence. She never took an active, leadership role in the tea party movement, beyond showing up at a scattered handful of events and talking it up on television. For many Americans, her name is now primarily a punchline and if she is envisioning a comeback, it may simply be too late.
Story Continued Below
Once as polarizing as a 1990s-era Hillary Clinton, she can still rouse the conservative base and create headline ripples, and has instincts for picking candidates in a primary battle that other Republicans follow. She is getting the most speaking time at CPAC when she takes the stage Saturday at the Gaylord National hotel in Maryland, and her speech is among the most anticipated.
( PHOTOS: Sarah Palin's political career)
But as a force within the party, Palin has gone from 60 to zero within the span of a single presidential cycle.
“There was a ton of potential there, and it's conceivable that there could be a second act, but it's a little hard to see it now,” said Weekly Standard Editor Bill Kristol, who championed Sarah from Alaska as a potential VP pick in 2008 for Sen. John McCain.
“She didn't run, obviously, in 2012, and she hasn't really made herself a leader on any particular issue,” added Kristol, arguing that one either needs to hold office or make themselves relevant on an issues front. “Usually you have to do one of those things … otherwise you're just another pundit.”
Whether her speech will be a call to arms or something more revealing about her own future remains to be seen. But several Republicans privately said they'd grown weary of the lather, rinse, repeat by which Palin makes an appearance, creates a mystique, then disappears.
( WATCH: Complete video coverage of CPAC)
Conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer argued she has as much of a chance of a second act as Joe Biden managed after being “laughed out of the race” in 1988 amid a plagiarism scandal.
However, he added, “Her act as a celebrity is done. Her act as a political figure is possible — if she applies herself.”
Ed Rollins, who managed Ronald Reagan's campaign, and, more recently, the presidential bid of another woman who was a favorite of the base — Michele Bachmann — said plainly: “Her moment in the sun … has gone.”
“Being a talking head … was not something that sustained her as a viable candidate,” he added. “She's a personality in the same way the Kardashian family is.”
Palin's downward trajectory is almost in direct proportion to her rise after the 2008 cycle.
( Also on POLITICO: Marco Rubio, Rand Paul fight for the future of the GOP)
She was the part of the John McCain ticket that had endurance — or seemed to — as she tapped into a populist sentiment within the Republican base, pre-dating the rise of the tea party. Political pros on both sides might have mocked Palin, but they also readily acknowledged her raw but undeniable talent.
Her unvarnished, “mama grizzly” cred and unapologetic chastising of the liberal establishment helped vault her to a leadership role, albeit an unofficial one.
Her endorsement was not only seen as a golden seal of approval within Republican primary politics, but she was a major boost in fundraising for candidates. She was crucial in helping get South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley and New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte elected in 2010, for instance.
Yet even those who were beneficiaries of her political swat concede her only real role now is playing in primaries. “I think she still has an ability to ignite activists, and I also think that she is someone who is relatively young. I'm sure it's not the last that we've heard of her,” Ayotte told POLITICO.
Last week we announced the exciting news that Windows Console has a new default color scheme, and also promised you that we would release a tool to make it easier to change the console to your desired scheme. The Windows Console team is proud to present the 'Colortool' which you can use to apply the new default color scheme, and several alternate pre-defined color schemes or even schemes of your own!
Get the Tool
You can find the tool inside of this Github repository. It's an open source project provided under the MIT license so feel free to clone and fork it!
You can also download the latest ColorTool release.
How to Use the Tool
After building colortool, to install it, copy colortool.exe along with the schemes folder to a local directory. Ensure that colortool.exe and the schemes folder are in the same folder! For easy use from a command line place colortool in a location that's included in your PATH.
Changing the properties of a Window
Open up Command prompt and run:
colortool [ scheme name in schemes/ e.g: campbell]
[ e.g: campbell] Right-click on the window title to access the ‘Properties' dialogue box
Once the properties dialogue box opens press OK (which saves the color change)
A pplying a color scheme to your defaults
Open up Command prompt and run:
colortool -d [scheme name in schemes/]
Your current window will not be affected but your defaults now correspond to that theme
Applying a color scheme to both the Window and defaults
Calling 'colortool -b [scheme name in schemes/]' will change both the Window's current theme and the defaults.
For more information on the tool please read the README inside of the Github page.
Note: the new default color scheme of the Windows Console has been titled campbell, and the legacy scheme is titled cmd-legacy inside of the schemes folder.
Included Schemes
The colortool will work with any .itermcolors scheme. We have also included some useful themes inside of the schemes folder for the tool. This tool makes it easier for users to change their color scheme based on their accessibility needs, and we are excited to promote that by adding a color scheme called deuteranopia targeted towards users who have trouble distinguishing red and green. Here's a description of each:
campbell : The new default color scheme for Windows Console
campbell-legacy : The first iteration of the campbell scheme
cmd-legacy : The legacy defaults of the Windows Console
OneHalfDark : A dark vim-airline theme by Son A. Pham
OneHalfLight : A light vim-airline theme by Son A. Pham
solarized_dark : The dark version of a popular color scheme by Ethan Schoonover
solarized_light : The light version of a popular color scheme by Ethan Schoonover
deuteranopia : A color scheme targeted towards making red and green clearer to users with red green colorblindness, and deuteranopia.
For example, here is solarized_dark:
We hope you have fun customizing the Windows Console color scheme to look just how you like it!
This post was written after several requests from my classmates. And how am I qualified to write this? Well, I'm about to start my 10th (!!) internship next week, I'm editor-in-chief of the campus newspaper, I've been awarded department honors, and I have a host of other accomplishments.
For many people, it seems the biggest obstacle to becoming a student rockstar is just knowing what to do next. So here's my list of things every communication studies major (aka mass communication, strategic communication, corporate or organizational communication, public relations, etc) should do before they graduate.
This list does NOT include the basics, such as:
Taking classes in public speaking, journalism, public relations, or other communications classes — you're already taking them. (If you're not, talk to your academic adviser about what classes benefit you.)
Getting an internship – this is essential, and if you don't know why, Google it.
A general plea to “get involved.”
A list of campus resources everyone should already know like the career center, etc. etc.
Basic business skills such as Microsoft Office.
Common sense.
I haven't ever found a list like mine online, so without further ado: the seven things you NEED to do before graduation as a comm major.
1. Get involved with theater production.
Many communications jobs require event planning, especially in the nonprofit sector. Even if you aren't directly involved with the planning, you may be part of the staff on the day of the event, making sure everything goes as planned. This is where theater experience is invaluable.
As a theater production volunteer (not acting but backstage), you'll be forced to learn how to ensure the show goes on without the audience knowing anything happened. Props go missing, people go to the bathroom right before their entrance, someone spills chocolate milk on their white costume, or another disaster happens. And they will happen – even in professional theater, things go wrong.
When you successfully navigate the performers through a crisis, you'll be able to say you're ready to help with events.
2. Work for student media.
Journalism students usually have this one down — in their favorite outlet. If you are considering going into professional communications, you absolutely need to have portfolio pieces from the campus newspaper, television station, and radio.
In nearly every internship interview I've gone on, they've asked me for writing and multimedia samples. Corporate communications are not all event planning, idea generation, and cocktail hours – there is a TON of writing, and – for many positions – a good deal of content creation responsibilities, as well.
Bonus points: Take on assignments outside your stereotype. I went to a sports journalism seminar only to discover I was the only woman signed up. Talk about the opportunity to stand out and shine!
3. Join a professional organization and actually go to the events.
Many professional communication organizations – such as PRSA, AAF, IABC, DMA, or others – offer student rates. Sign up and actually go to the events. You'll start meeting professionals in your area as well as learning about the industry “in the now” as opposed to in the textbooks.
Plus. people love helping students. You will never be in such a good place to network as right now.
4. Take a statistics class.
Even if it's not required.
Communication majors are frequently teased for only having soft skills or for being poor students outside of their niche. In reality, communication jobs require both creativity and logic, because if you can't prove your services benefit the company, you won't be around long.
Keep your stats skills sharp by analyzing your own blog statistics or conducting research.
5. Practice on yourself.
The #1 way to prove you know your stuff? Use your skills to promote your own personal brand.
Write a blog (on any safe-for-work topic – from communication ideas to baking cupcakes)
Post your portfolio online
Use social media wisely and for promotional purposes (LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc). Get involved with LinkedIn groups. Tweet content relevant to your career interests. Post your blog entries on Facebook.
6. Learn basic HTML and CSS.
HTML and CSS are web programming languages. While you might not ever be good enough at them to build a website, these are incredibly valuable to know because you might have to tweak code on your employer's website or Facebook landing page – or even in your blog's design theme.
Just last week, I took a web template and tweaked the CSS to change the color scheme for my mom's website. Without these skills, she would have been stuck with a weird green color instead of a bright coral.
7. Design something beautiful.
In smaller departments, just a couple people may be responsible for all outgoing communications. It's beneficial to you to know how to use design software (like Photoshop and InDesign) to create something professional.
Remember, your skills continue to add value to what you offer an employer, and not all employers can afford to hire you and a graphic designer. Become at least passably decent at design.
BONUS: Keep your portfolio updated, always.
You never know when you'll have an opportunity to send someone the link to your online portfolio or when a great internship opens and they want to see your book today.
Keep your portfolio in hard copy in a professional binder (find those at the office supply store) and online on your blog or personal website.
I know a lot of students who wait until spring of their senior year to start assembling their portfolio, and it's totally overwhelming – and they've lost track of what they've done. Don't let that be you.
Any more ideas for what communication majors should do before graduation? Leave your suggestions in the comments – good ones will be added to this list! (And credited to you, of course.)
Former Vice President Dick Cheney proved he won't stop defending his beliefs, even if they've been proved untrue in the past.
During an appearance on CNN's "The Lead," reporter Jake Tapper said President Barack Obama would point to the death of Osama bin Laden as proof "that he takes a terrorist threat seriously." Cheney responded by saying bin Laden's death came about "through our process of enhanced interrogation techniques that provided the intelligence we needed in order to get bin Laden."
That claim was disputed by a Senate Intelligence Committee report released in March 2014, which found there is no link between information gathered using enhanced interrogation techniques and information used in the 2011 capture of bin Laden. During an appearance on NBC's "Meet the Press" in February 2013, former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said he believes "we could have gotten bin Laden without" enhanced interrogation techniques, but it is "always going to be an open question."
When Tapper noted Cheney's claim was "a disputed point," Cheney didn't seem fazed.
"I've got to defend my point of view," Cheney said.
Says Candice: “So, not something sweet.. but super YUMMY! I have really been wanting Chinese food for ages now. My husband is Chinese and well before low carbing, we ate Chinese food all the time! Most of the dishes I knew how to make were VERY high in carbs. So I just got it out of my mind to even try and make anything. At least to my husbands standards, I just did not want to embarrass myself trying to make low carb fried rice or something out of cauliflower only to have him no like at all. Well I recently discovered Shirataki noodle. And let me tell you, these noodles are DELICIOUS! I had already been making this strewed beef for years now, but just adapted recipe to be low carb. Hope you enjoy as much as we did! Even our picky toddler totally loved the noodle stir fry.”
Low-Carb Chinese Stewed Beef
Ingredients:
3 – 3 1/2 lbs beef stew meat
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
¼ cup water
2 tablespoons DARK soy sauce*
3 tablespoons splenda
3-star anise *
1/8th teaspoon cinnamon
1 inch piece ginger
2 tsp salt
3 cups water
Trim fat on beef to your liking. Cut beef up in to large chunks. Making sure you are cutting against grain. I cut strips at first, then cut those strips in to chunks.
In a large frying pan heat the oil on high and cook the beef until brown. I do in 3 batches. You do not want just dump all in at once or else #1 it will not brown and #2 it will just kinda start boiling from all the liquid from your meat. So only cook in enough pieces at a time to have 1 layer.
Add all meat back to pan after all is browned. Add the 1/4 cup water, soy, splenda, star anise, cinnamon, ginger, and salt. Cook on high until the liquid has evaporated and the beef is evenly coated. About 10 minutes.
Move beef to a med to large stock pot. Add 1/2 cup of water to your frying pan stir round then pour in to sock pot.(You can skip this step if you want, it's just to get all the juice/sauce on the bottom of the pan. If you skip there would be less sodium, so it's up to you. I f you skip then when you add water to beef, add 3 cups instead of 2.5) Add the 2 1/2 cups of water and bring to a boil. Then cover and simmer on low for about 2 hours or until the meat is tender.
Servings 8
Nutritional information per serving (using 3.3lbs beef):
Energy 513 kcal
Carbohydrate, by difference 2.94 g
Sugars, total 1.02 g
Fiber, total dietary 0.00 g
Net Carbs: 2.94 g
Starch 0.00 g
Protein34.80 g
Total lipid (fat)39.24 g
Vegetable Shirataki Noodle Stir Fry
Ingredients:
4 cups broccoli florets(about 575 grams)
2 baby bok choy (about 235 grams), chopped up, separate white from green part *
1 oz carrot, julienned(thin slices)
1/8” slice fresh ginger
3 cloves fresh garlic
1 package of Shirataki noodles(package I use is 226g)*
1/4 teaspoon sesame oil *
1 Tablespoon vegetable oil
2 Tablespoons Soy sauce
1 teaspoon DARK soy sauce*
Blanch broccoli, white part of bok choy, and carrot in boiling water for about 45 seconds – 1 minute. Take out and blanch. Set on paper towels to dry.
Rise Shirataki noodles well, then prepare how your packages directions. Lay on paper towel to dry.
In a large frying pan, heat both oils on high. Add garlic and ginger and cook only a few seconds till brown, DO NOT BURN. Add noodles, then all vegetables(including green part of bok choy, & both soy sauces.
Saute a few minutes till vegetables are hot.
Servings 5
Nutritional information per 1 serving:
Energy 97 kcal
Carbohydrate, by difference 11.80 g
Sugars, total 3.06 g
Fiber, total dietary 4.50 g
Total Carbs: 7.3 g
Starch 0.09 g
Protein 5.37 g
Total lipid (fat) 4.47 g
*you can find in an Asian market
And just a note. When I used to cook dishes like these, soy sauce was quite a bit more so for me this is very moderate amount. And even now there is no thicker in either dish, so you have the option to NOT use any of the liquid in either dish. The stewed beef does cook in this broth for hours, but you are not going to get soy sauce know what I mean. By not spooning broth or sauce over you food there would definitely be less sodium then if you were to.
From Pennsylvania to Pennsylvania Avenue, the Christmas tree adorning the Blue Room of the White House arrived Friday from Carbon County.
Pulled up to the door by four Clydesdale horses adorned in jingle bells, the 18 1/2-foot-tall Douglas fir hails from Crystal Spring Tree Farm, 2370 Mahoning Drive East in Mahoning Township, outside Lehighton, Pennsylvania.
American tree farmers from around the country have been presenting the White House with an official Christmas tree since 1966, according to the White House. For Crystal Spring owner Chris Botek, the White House tree is becoming a bit of a family tradition: His parents, Francis and Margaret, won the White House Christmas Tree competition in 2006.
Greeting Botek and his family Friday were first lady Michelle Obama; her and President Barack Obama's daughters, Sasha and Malia; and pets Bo and Sunny.
The tree will be decorated and ready for viewing in the Blue Room on Dec. 3, when the First Lady will welcome military families to the White House to get a first look at the holiday decorations. As in years past, many of this year's decorations will honor military families for their service to our country, according to the White House.
Last year, Christmas trees from Wyckoff's Christmas Tree Farm in White Township were selected to adorn the presidential mansion.
We've been positing, hoping and praying that the three new League of Gentlemen specials would air around Christmas time, because of the series' 20th anniversary and, you know, Christmas being the perfect time for TV specials.
Well now Reece Shearsmith has confirmed when the three shows will be airing, and we were pretty much bang on the money with our predictions:
Our new “League of Gentlemen” shows will be shown on the 18th, 19th and 20th December on @BBCTwo. Merry Christmas! — Reece Shearsmith (@ReeceShearsmith) November 27, 2017
"Our new 'League of Gentlemen' shows will be shown on the 18th, 19th and 20th December on @BBCTwo. Merry Christmas!" he tweeted.
Back in June, Shearsmith confirmed that work had started on the scripts for the long-rumoured League of Gentlemen revival, saying: "Fun and strange to be writing The League of Gentlemen again. Evidently, it's true... we'll never leave."
The League of Gentlemen began on BBC Radio 20 years ago before making the move to TV where it blew up in popularity, so this is the perfect way of celebrating.
Alongside Pauline Campbell-Jones, Mickey M Michaels and Ross Gaines, who you can see above, we also know there are returns from Tubbs and Edward (with the iconic duo joined by The Walking Dead's David Morrissey), Reverend Bernice Woodall and the world's worst vet Mr Chinnery.
The League of Gentlemen originally ran on TV for three series between 1999 and 2002, and a movie called The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse was released in 2005.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
Unsurprisingly, there are lots of bits of furniture around that are based on the Rubik's cube; coffee tables are particularly popular, and for 980€ (!!), you can even buy a Rubik's cube locker. I wanted to do something different, and use lazy Susan bearings to achieve at least one axis of rotation - they're cheap, really strong, and add a wacky dimension to a chest of drawers.
The design is simply three boxes, each containing a single drawer. Their construction is basic - they're made of 1/4" and 1/2" plywood (which you should get precut at the lumberyard into two 2'x8' sheets), and assembled using a brad nailer and wood glue. This method of construction is super fast and precise, and results in really strong objects. The main challenge in this build is cutting the pieces with high precision - if you can't cut plywood to within 1 mm, you should probably practice on something simpler until you can. Having said that, I'm no pro and I've never made a chest of drawers before, so this project is NOT fancy woodworking by any means! If you weren't fussed about the drawers, it would be dead easy - it's just three boxes and a couple of lazy Susans, and you'd have a cool coffee table with no additionally functionality aside from rotatability. Deluxe Scrabble, anyone?
I was going to simply glue the "stickers" on to decorate the outside - or even just paint them on - but the future owner insisted he had to be able to scramble and "solve" the cube, so I enabled this with the help of rare-earth magnets for holding power and short dowels for positioning. I'm glad I did - it's more fun now, and the colors can be selected to match your mood or decor, including impossible combos of color (insofar as the real cube goes).
The puzzle is a little under 60 mm across, and this chest of drawers is exactly 600 mm across, so it is in approximately 10:1 scale. 1000 regular Rubik's cubes would therefore fit inside.
There are cubes that are 2x2, 4x4, 5x5 etc, so if you need more (or less) drawers, there is an obvious design solution...
You'll recognize sketches of tech giants from Steve Jobs to Larry Ellison in HBO's show.
In order to play his techie protagonist, Richarrd, Thomas Middleditch (second left) channels the "LAN (local area network) parties of my youth, where friends and I would get together and connect our computers to play games." (From left: Zach Woods, Middleditch, Alec Berg, Mike Judge, T.J. Miller and Kumail Nanjiani) (Photo11: Jaimie Trueblood HBO)
SAN FRANCISCO – If HBO's Entourage skewered the thrilling and vacuous world of Hollywood, the cable channel's latest comedy series hopes to do the same to this hotbed of cutting-edge technology, titanic egos and precious visions.
Silicon Valley (Sunday, 10 p.m. ET/PT) is the quick-witted tale of a programmer and his posse as they ride the start-up monster with a Web-shattering compression algorithm.
Think The Social Network but with more down-to-earth nerds, genuine affection and savage humor – like the episode where, a la the real Facebook, the guys hire a graffiti artist to paint their company logo, only to get a garage door sprayed with the Statue of Liberty in an extremely compromised position.
"I'd be friends with these guys, because ultimately they're taking a chance and trying to do something meaningful with their lives," says creator Mike Judge, who manages to borrow from his earlier projects Beavis and Butt-Head (in the way it captures the ethos of like-minded souls) and King of the Hill (in its spot-on feel for a place — in this case the Bay Area's tech hub, although the show is shot in Los Angeles).
REVIEW: Robert Bianco give 'Silicon Valley' four stars
"Guys sitting in front of their computers typing doesn't exactly provide you with the dramatic setting of a medical drama, but the challenge of it yielded some good stuff," says Judge, who adds that his inspiration for the show was his own late-'80s stint as a Valley engineer. "It's changed, but the personalities are the same."
Even those with just a cursory knowledge of Silicon Valley and its major players will recognize familiar personalities and themes as refracted through Judge's cracked lens.
Richard (Thomas Middleditch) works as a programmer at tech giant Hooli (a ringer for Google). When his compression software starts a bidding war, he opts to take seed funding from a Steve Jobs-meets-Bill Gates savant venture capitalist, Peter Gregory (Christopher Evan Welch).
Although Middleditch seems to be mirroring Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg with this hair and hoodie, the actor says he deliberately avoided doing an impression of Jesse Eisenberg, who played Zuckerberg in The Social Network, "because that's too untouchable."
Instead, he just flashed back to the "LAN (local area network) parties of my youth, where friends and I would get together and connect our computers to play games," he says, laughing. "I was with definite weirdos, and I'm a fan of that culture."
For Amanda Crew, who plays the Gregory character's grounded assistant Monica, everything she needed to know was on the page.
Producers "researched the (heck) of this," she says. "For my part, I was just thrilled to find women like (Yahoo boss) Marissa Mayer to work off of, women who seemed articulate, humorous and liked football. Monica really is a mother to these boys."
The main challenge faced by the show's writers was making sure that reality didn't eclipse an episode's premise or jokes.
"Sometimes we'd be set to shoot, and then realize that what we'd written already felt old," given the fast-moving pace of the tech world, says executive producer Alec Berg.
A case in point: References to one of the Silicon Valley hacker gang's goofy apps, Nip Alert (which is exactly what you think it is), was already filmed when producers attended San Francisco's TechCrunch Disrupt start-up confab, where they saw a joke app called TitStare.com.
"You can't make this up," Bergsays.
In fact, watching episodes of HBO's new show reveals that there isn't much that escapes their sharp satirical eye, from grandiose revenge-of-the-nerds pronouncements (after years of abuse, "now we get to be the Vikings of our day"), to grandiose company proclamations (Hooli's founder, the Larry Ellison-like Gavin, played by Matt Ross, pompously intones, "If we can make your audio files smaller, we can make cancer smaller!")
"This is a world in dire need of mockery, and who better than Mike Judge," says Kara Swisher, longtime Valley watcher and co-founder of Re/code, a tech news and conference company.
Swisher makes a cameo in Silicon Valley ("I play an obnoxious tech reporter named Kara Swisher"), as does Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt, who appears for a microsecond in the first episode at a decidedly downbeat company party hosted by an unimpressed Kid Rock.
"Silicon Valley is a world of contradiction. There's an arrogance, a do-gooderness and a complete lack of self-awareness, but there's also tremendous innovation out of a place that genuinely leads the world," Swisher says. "I'm just waiting to see if the people here laugh. They're not known for their sense of humor."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1fLFXL0
The Catholic Herald is on the threshold of an exciting new era. Since we switched format from a 130-year-old broadsheet to a beautiful magazine in 2014 we've rapidly gained new readers all over the world.
And now we can reveal that next year we plan to launch in North America, where our website already has a huge following.
This is the Catholic Herald's moment: we were founded in 1888 and now we're seeing the beginning of our “Second Spring”, as Blessed John Henry Newman put it.
It's time to match the exuberant enthusiasm for the magazine – which comes especially from young, orthodox Catholics, but also from non-Catholics – with investment. Therefore we are recruiting a Commercial Director, reporting directly to the Managing Director, whose job will be absolutely crucial to our expansion.
Our advertisement for the job appeared this week in the Guardian print edition; you can find it on their website and on Gorkana.
It's no secret that parts of the institutional Church are in decline. What is less well known is that other areas of the Church are flowering, thanks above all to the vision of the new evangelisation of St John Paul II.
That is why, week after week, the Catholic Herald is able to report more good news than bad: for example, the setting up of the Benedict XVI Centre at St Mary's University, the foundation of new communities of Oratorian Fathers, the rediscovery of the Church's heritage of sacred music in parishes across the land.
And, in North America, the signs of life are even more unmistakable. The Catholic Herald website already receives hundreds of thousands of visits from committed, energetic and curious Catholics across the Atlantic. Now is the time for us to establish ourselves in the United States and Canada (and we're not planning to stop there).
The new Commercial Director will be closely involved in this initiative, which we have been planning for a long time and whose details will be announced early next year. We're also putting the finishing touches to a redesign of the magazine that will create space for our expansion, as our 130-year-old publication prepares to become an even more ‘catholic' Herald.
More vehicles will be sold in China than anywhere else in 2011
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THE world's auto industry is expected to suffer a fourth year of poor sales in 2011. Demand in America will rise only slightly: with the housing market still in the doldrums and cash-for-clunker subsidies at an end, consumers will be wary about buying big-ticket items. In Europe, without subsidies and with government spending cuts due to come into force, demand will fall further. Sales in Japan will dip again. And although sales will rise in China, the pace will slow. Demand for cars will grow in other developing countries such as India, but their volumes will not be enough to make up the shortfall.
Donald Trump to live tweet VP debate
CLOSE Donald Trump says - via Twitter, of course - that tonight he will live tweet the VP debate. WIBBITZ
If you want to follow the action at Tuesday night's vice presidential debate but would prefer to watch, say, the Orioles-Blue Jays in the American League wild-card playoff game, you're in luck: Donald Trump will be live tweeting all the action.
The Republican presidential nominee tweeted that he would be watching his running mate — "the great Governor @Mike_Pence" — square off against Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton's vice presidential choice, and would call the action on his favorite social media platform.
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 4, 2016
This isn't the first time Trump has offered play-by-play of a campaign event — he live tweeted the opening Democratic debate in Las Vegas a year ago.
Ahead of that debate, he vowed to "shoot straight and call it as I see it," so expect a very even-handed analysis Tuesday night of how Pence is soundly defeating his Democratic rival.
More coverage of the vice presidential debate:
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dZfmEh
PFA Fans' Player of the Month in the Championship voting
The results for the Championship PFA Fans' Player of the Month for August and September have been announced with Bristol City's Tammy Abraham picking up the award.
Our expert panel has produced a stellar shortlist of contenders, including Bristol City striker Tammy Abraham, Norwich's Jacob Murphy and Newcastle midfielder Jonjo Shelvey.
They faced competition for the first award of the season from Huddersfield's Aaron Mooy, Barnsley's Conor Hourihane and Brentford striker Scott Hogan.
The shortlist was chosen by our expert panel, which included Sky Sports pundits Paul Merson, Ian Holloway, Peter Beagrie, Mike Riley - general manager of the Professional Game Match Officials, and Malcolm Clarke - chairman of the Football Supporters' Federation.
Remember, one voting fan in each division will win the chance to meet and present the award to each PFA Fans' Player of the Month.
VOTING HAS NOW CLOSED - and the winner was Abraham.
Guilty Gear Xrd: Rev 2 details Episode and other mode additions
A new set of screenshots released.
Arc System Works has shared the latest information and screenshots of the console version of Guilty Gear Xrd: Rev 2, introducing its Episode Mode additions and various other modes.
Get the details below.
■ Episode Scenarios “Episodes” are character-specific episodes told with full voice-overs. Episodes have been added for Jam Kuradoberi, Raven, Kum Haehyun, Dizzy, Baiken, and Answer. ■ All Sorts of Modes and Content M.O.M. Mode Collect medals, and customize and strengthen characters in M.O.M. Mode. New items have also been added. Combo Mode Learn how to unleash special moves and consecutive techniques for each character in Combo Mode. Challenges also support the new version along with changes to battle balance. Mission Mode Practice your fighting game techniques and each character's counter-measures in Mission Mode. Counter-measures have been added for new characters Answer and Baiken, too. Avatar Different variations of head characters for your online avatar that can be used in the lobby and player matches have been added. A great number of emotion patterns have also been added.
Guilty Gear Xrd: Rev 2 is based on the content of Guilty Gear Xrd: Revelator, but adds various new elements including two new characters (Baiken and Answer), new stages, new moves, new motions, and more. In Japan, it will launch for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 on May 25. In North America and Europe, it is planned for release in 2017. A PC version is also announced, but has yet to be dated.
View the screenshots at the gallery.
NEW YORK — There was an elephant in the Javits Convention Center Monday, where Hillary Clinton joined Gov. Andrew Cuomo on stage for a victory rally celebrating New York's new law raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Surrounded by New York's political and labor establishment, Clinton hailed the minimum wage hike as a milestone for the state and for the country. But unlike Bernie Sanders, Clinton does not back a $15 federal minimum wage, a distinction that both Republicans and the Sanders campaign were quick to seize on.
Story Continued Below
It was the latest reminder of how the Vermont senator's challenge to Clinton on her adopted home turf is complicating her planned pivot to a general election message. Instead of talking about a commander-in-chief test – the one she began to preview after a five-state sweep on March 15 -- Clinton is back to showing off her progressive bona fides to skeptical liberals.
“This is such a great day for our state, this is a real watershed,” Clinton told the crowd of healthcare and fast food workers who have been leading the Fight for $15 movement. “It's a result of what is best about New York and best about America. I know it's going to sweep our country.”
Progressive leaders who back Sanders noted that Clinton's embrace of the issue with just two weeks to go until New York voters head the polls underscores how Sanders is driving the conversation.
“From day one, Sanders has been an unambiguous leader on the fight for $15 for all workers everywhere, no exceptions,” said Bill Lipton, the state director of the Working Families Party, which backs Sanders. “It's just another example of how the Sanders message -- on trade, climate, campaign finance reform -- is driving the debate.”
“I don't know why she picked that event,” added Sanders' senior strategist Tad Devine. “I know that Bernie Sanders is right when it comes to a living wage in America being $15 an hour. Hillary does not share that view.”
From the other end of the spectrum, the right-wing PAC America Rising Squared noted that Clinton “headlined a victory rally for New York's newly passed $15 minimum wage even though she refused to endorse the policy herself.” Now, the group asserted, Clinton “owns that wrongheaded policy position, and its dangerous consequences for working Americans.”
On Monday, Clinton touted her support for “getting an increased wage at the federal level” but without getting into specifics. Her official position is that she supports a $12 federal minimum wage, a hike from the current $7.25, boosted by local efforts to raise it higher on a city by city basis.
While she supports a $15 minimum wage in New York and in Los Angeles, Clinton has said that rate could be too high for employers in certain states with a lower cost of living, and would disincentivize them from hiring and could even lead to layoffs.
"Part of the reason that the Congress and very strong Democratic supporters of increasing the minimum wage are trying to debate and determine what's the national floor is because there are different economic environments," Clinton explained of her position while campaigning in New Hampshire earlier this year. "And what you can do in L.A. or in New York may not work in other places."
It's been a point of tension as many large labor unions, particularly SEIU, have fallen in line behind Clinton. “How does SEIU, whose premiere campaign is the Fight for $15, endorse the one Democratic candidate who says fifteen is too much?” one exasperated labor leader vented to POLITICO after the union endorsed Clinton last November.
SEIU has defended the endorsement by noting that the Fight for $15 campaign is not about passing federal minimum wage legislation but about a grassroots movement to raise wages. “If she's in support of $15 in Buffalo, Rochester and Binghamton, it's pretty safe to assume she's supportive of $15 in many places across the country,” said an SEIU official.
Rallying with union members on Manhattan's far West Side on Monday, Clinton carefully steered clear of drawing any contrasts with Sanders on the issue of the day. She framed the contrast instead as an ideological battle with the Republican Party. “There are people who don't believe the minimum wage should be raised,” Clinton said. “Donald Trump has said that wages are too high. And a lot of members of his party agreed.”
She noted that “the real value of our minimum wage is lower than it was when Ronald Reagan was in office. I don't know what the calculation is by Trump and others, but I'll tell you this, they're selling America short.”
Clinton's position is in line with Democrats like Sen. Chuck Schumer, who also supports $15 for New York but not nationally.
Cuomo, who is hoping New York will lead the way for states across the country to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, appeared to embrace some of Sanders' platform while touting Clinton as the best hope for working families.
“We want economic justice and we want it now,” he said, highlighting the main framework of Sanders' campaign. “The truth is, yes, people are angry....they should be angry, in this economy they have been going backwards for decades. This new economy is not a fair economy for working families.”
But taking a veiled shot at Sanders, Cuomo said that his father, the late Gov. Mario Cuomo, said that “government is not about advocacy and giving speeches it's about getting things done. He said we don't need ideas that sound good, we need ideas that are good and sound.”
Cuomo also took the opportunity to mock Trump. “We're going to make the wall of China look like a curtain!” he joked. “And it's going to be a good looking wall. Oh, is it going to be a handsome wall…You think we're going to fear immigrants, man, look in the mirror, we're all immigrants. That's the essence of this country.”
Watchdog group spotlights lost votes in electronic machines
The Election Reform Network found that the number of Montgomery residents who showed up to vote in the 2008 presidential election rarely exactly matched the tally on the electronic voting machines. No one knows what happened to the missing voters.
That's the message election watchdogs in Montgomery County hope to get across in a report released this week.
It won't matter how much time you spend comparing the records of U.S. Senate candidates Joe Sestak and Arlen Specter if your vote doesn't count Tuesday.
Election officials generally blame the discrepancy on human error. But others worry the machines could be to blame.
''All you can do is print ballot images churned out by the same software that recorded the vote,'' said Steve Strahs of Melrose Park, who wrote the report. ''You have what amounts to a black box. You can't audit the system, you can't recount the votes.''
He's referring to direct recording electronic machines, or so-called DREs, which are used in about 50 of the state's 67 counties, including Northampton, Lehigh, Bucks and Montgomery.
The problem, as voting advocates see it, lies inside the machines with the software that records votes. If results are close and a recount is called, the computer can spit out a copy of its record. Yet there's no way to scrutinize the original vote.
The federal government examines voting systems before they move on to the Pennsylvania Department of State for additional testing and certification by Commonwealth Secretary Pedro Cortés, spokeswoman Leslie Amoros said.
''There is no verifiable instance of electronic voting systems failing in Pennsylvania,'' she said. ''In fact, some counties have used electronic voting systems for more than 20 years.''
A group of advocates from across the state filed suit in 2006, hoping to force Cortés to throw out the machines. The petitioners subpoenaed source codes and hardware that the machines' manufacturer considers proprietary information.
A judge sided with the advocates and gave them until the end of the summer to evaluate the materials and issue a report, said Chester County attorney Marian Schneider. However, a protective order could keep the public from ever seeing their findings.
''One of the goals of the lawsuit is to say that because of this inability to verify the vote count in these systems,'' she said, ''they should not have been certified under Pennsylvania law.''
Voter Action and the Public Interest Law Center of Philadelphia are funding the litigation.
It will probably take years to resolve the case. In the meantime, voting rights groups like the Election Reform Network hope their work changes procedures at the county level.
2015 USF2000 champion and 2016 Pro Mazda star Jamin lapped the 1.485-mile course in 28.6991sec to register a top speed of 186.278mph in his Dallara IL15-Mazda. That was 0.088sec quicker than his teammate Herta, who is joining the Mazda Road To Indy after a successful two years racing Formula 4 in Europe.
Said Jamin: “It was my first time with the superspeedway wings, and the speed out there is absolutely crazy but I love it. Andretti gave me a great car today.
“We worked on a lot of different setups and ended up very strong to get the best lap at the end. You can feel the speed building up a lot quicker and you can really feel the aero balance changing in traffic. We did some pack running today with the other team cars which was very interesting.
“It's a big jump from Pro Mazda but I am fortunate to have Andretti helping me through it. I feel very comfortable with the car and ready to head to St. Pete.”
Herta, son of Bryan Herta, said the test had been useful preparation for Indy Lights' marquee event, the Freedom 100, which is held on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on the Friday before the Indy 500.
“This was my first time with the speedway wings and it went quite well,” he commented. “It's good prep for Indy and it looks as though if we can be quick here, we can be quick there.
“The car is fantastic and the Cooper Tires work well. It's a good combo and it seems to produce good racing. There was a bit more cloud cover this afternoon and when the track cooled everything worked better and that's when we saw the quickest times.”
A dozen of the expected 15 contenders took part in the test, and Belardi Auto Racing, who are expanding to three fulltime cars in 2017, came closest to toppling Andretti. Santiago Urrutia, last year's Lights runner-up with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports now defunct feeder formula team, was third just a hair ahead of Pro Mazda reigning champion Aaron Telitz.
Urrutia enthused: “It's good to work with the Belardi team, I like the way they work. I have good teammates and I have the same engineer from last year so it's good.
“I am happy to get back to an oval – it's been a while since I've driven one. We focused on our pace and didn't run much in traffic. Since we'll use this wing at Indy, we worked on setup and downforce. I'm happy with my position. The car was better and better throughout the day.”
Mazda Road To Indy's Spring Training test continues for the next three days but on Homestead's 2.21-mile infield road course. Pro Mazda and USF2000 teams will test Tuesday and Wednesday, with Lights returning in roadcourse trim on Thursday.
1. Nico Jamin Andretti Autosport 186.278mph 135 laps
2. Colton Herta Andretti Steinbrenner Racing 186.221 135
3. Santiago Urrutia Belardi Auto Racing 186.059 64
4. Aaron Telitz Belardi Auto Racing 185.974 119
5. Dalton Kellett Andretti Autosport 185.238 102
6. Matheus Leist Carlin Racing 185.213 137
7. Ryan Norman Andretti Autosport 184.900 177
8. Neil Alberico Carlin Racing 184.294 129
9. Garth Rickards Carlin Racing 184.206 132
10. Zachary C. De Melo Carlin Racing 183.932 96
11. Shelby Blackstock Belardi Auto Racing 183.786 94
12. Nicolas Dapero Juncos Racing 182.398 194
In a confusing bit of news, Huawei has silently taken down all the EMUI images for its phones. This change was first noticed by XDA member RedSkull23 and then picked up by the folks at XDA. We don't know exactly when it happened, or why. But, if you were looking to pull down any of those images the long way, you're out of luck. At least, for now.
If you visit the page now, you'll get the following message:
To deliver a more convenient and satisfactory update service, Huawei now only provides online updates for its phones, Tables, etc. SD card update packages are no longer supplied.By this time,all the SD card upgrade packages will be removed from the website and the download page will be closed.
The motivation behind this move escapes us. Maybe Huawei is planning on moving away from EMUI, or maybe they want to move the downloads to another venue. Who knows? They might have even just gotten tired of paying for the bandwidth. But either way, the downloads are gone.
The current downloads page for the Mate7
If you click past the warning, true to its word, all links to download builds have been taken down from the site. All 34 phones now point to empty pages. We've got our own opinions about EMUI here at AP. But, like it or hate it, if you need those images, you'll have to look elsewhere.
Investors and Wall Street analysts are mostly happy with Tesla's Model 3 event last night and the confirmation that over 150,000 reservations were placed in the last 24 hours – much more than some of the most optimistic predictions. The company's stock (TSLA) surged about 10% in early trading before settling down to a 3% gain at ~$236 right after the opening bell.
Analyst Andrea James from Dougherty & Co was among the first to issue a new note with a price target increase to a street high of $500 per share (from $355).
James wrote in her note to clients this morning (via StreetInsider):
“At the end of his presentation, CEO Elon Musk did not drop the mic and walk away. But he could have because Tesla has changed the game again. In one day, Tesla generated at least 150,000+ reservations, representing an order book of $6bn in revenue, and generating $150mm in zero-cost capital from the $1,000 customer deposits. (Note that the 2010 IPO added $190mm to the balance sheet.) ” “Over six years, we have extensively researched the entire Tesla ecosystem. We've spoken with vehicle electrification experts and representatives from Daimler, Nissan, Toyota, Honda and BMW. We've met with Tesla's management, robotics suppliers, customers, sales reps, cell competitors to Panasonic, third-party suppliers with access to the factory floor, and even local bartenders who serve drinks to the workers at shift change. Our research supports this conclusion: Tesla is solving a different set of equations than the rest of the auto industry. The disruption story builds.”
Other catalysts are coming soon including 2016 Q1 delivery results in the next few days and the following earnings next month.
Tesla Model 3: everything we know after to unveil, safety, range, charging [Gallery + Video]
The one between Ric Flair and Hacksaw Jim Duggan—who is that dude? [Update: An answer.]
I recognized just about everyone else on this poster, save the angry blond in the bottom left, who wrestling expert and Kotaku proprietor Stephen Totilo informs me is someone named "Ken Anderson." But even Totilo is stumped about chest-tattoo dude.
I threw it open to the office and asked who the guy to the right of Flair is. "Wait, do you mean Flair's right, or..." Samer asked. I snapped back: "I know who Bret Hart is."
Do you know? Please tell me who that guy is, and whether he's earned the right to be called a "legend" of wrestling. Honestly, only three, maybe four guys on this poster deserve it. I shudder to think who will fill out the afternoon's roster of "over 30 wrestlers."
That said, wrestling has a history with the Mets' home stadium. Shea Stadium played host to three major cards by the WWF and its predecessor, including the first-ever WWF meeting between Hulk Hogan and Andre the Giant:
By Antoine Raffoul
This post is to show that the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians continues to this day. In 1948 it went unobserved by most of the world media. Today, it continues despite the presence of world media. Add to this the farcical indifference of the world community. If this is acceptable today, then we are bystanders.
TALA QIRESH, THE LITTLE PALESTINIAN GIRL IN THE PICTURES, AND HER FAMILY HAVE BEEN EVICTED FROM THEIR HOME IN OLD JERUSALEM AND DESPITE THE LAWYER'S INTERVENTION, THE SOLDIERS REFUSE THEM ENTRY. THE QIRESH FAMILY LIVED IN THAT HOUSE SINCE 1940 WITH 40 OTHER RESIDENTS IN 20 ROOMS.
PICTURES SPEAK A THOUSAND WORDS:
Antoine Raffoul is a Palestinian architect living and practising in London. He was born in Nazareth and was expelled with his family from Haifa in April 1948. He is the Founder and Co-ordinator of 1948: Lest.We.Forget. a campaign group for truth about Palestine. He can be reached at s a Palestinian architect living and practising in London. He was born in Nazareth and was expelled with his family from Haifa in April 1948. He is the Founder and Co-ordinator of 1948: Lest.We.Forget. a campaign group for truth about Palestine. He can be reached at [email protected]
Married with an infant child, Lowry, who lives in Maryland, began dipping into the squad's cache of heroin in 2013, and was soon using it every day, he said.
He was caught last September, after a binge left him unable to drive his FBI-issued car, drawing the attention of co-workers.
He ended up pleading guilty in March to 20 counts of obstruction of justice, 18 counts of falsification of records, 13 counts of conversion of property, and 13 counts of possession of heroin.
Lowry's theft and tampering with evidence led to 28 drugs suspects going free.
Lowry wept in court and apologized to his family, NBC Washington reported. Lowry's father, a retired police commander, also cried and asked the judge for mercy.
Federal sentencing guidelines called for a sentence of seven to nine years. But U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Hogan said he was swayed by mitigating factors, mainly the nature of Lowry's addiction, the Washington Post reported.
In addition to the three years in prison, U.S. District Court Judge Thomas F. Hogan ordered Lowry to serve two years of supervised release after he gets out, and to pay a $15,000 fine, according to the the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
The atmosphere of Titan can be seen on the Saturn moon's limb in this stunning view from NASA's Cassini spacecraft.
A huge ocean of liquid water may indeed slosh about beneath the frigid surface of Saturn's moon Titan, according to new evidence collected by a NASA spacecraft.
The observations were made by NASA's Cassini probe, which has been eyeing Saturn and its rings and moons from orbit since arriving at the gas giant in 2004.
Certain details of Titan's orbit and rotation aren't compatible with the behavior of a celestial body that is completely solid all the way through. But these details make a lot of sense if the huge moon is assumed to have a subsurface ocean, likely of liquid water, researchers said.
The new study is not the first to suggest Titan may have an underground ocean. But it adds another line of evidence in support of this supposition, which could make the intriguing moon a likelier candidate to support life as we know it.
"We think that the presence of an internal ocean is likely," said study lead author Rose-Marie Baland of the Royal Observatory of Belgium in Brussels. [Photos: The Rings and Moons of Saturn]
This artist's illustration shows the likely slushy interior structure of Saturn's moon Titan deduced from gravity field data collected by NASA's Cassini spacecraft. Full Story (Image: © NASA/JPL)
Explaining Titan's orbit and rotation
Titan, the largest of Saturn's more than 60 known moons, is considered one of the leading candidates to host life beyond Earth.
While its surface temperatures hover around a frosty minus 290 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 179 degrees Celsius), Titan boasts a thick, nitrogen-rich atmosphere in which thousands of different types of organic molecules swirl about. The moon also has a weather cycle based on methane, with methane rain pooling in liquid hydrocarbon lakes.
Other researchers had used Cassini measurements to discover a few key facts about Titan's rotation and orbit. They determined, for example, that the moon tilts by about 0.3 degrees on its axis of rotation (for comparison, Earth tilts by about 23 degrees). They also calculated Titan's moment of inertia, a term that describes how much a body resists changes to its rotation.
Several previous studies had concluded that Titan's tilt and moment of inertia don't make much sense if the moon is a completely solid body -- but that the numbers could work out if the moon has an underground ocean.
Baland and her team used these previous results as a jumping-off point for their study.
"We found this idea very interesting, and we have decided to go a little further," Baland told SPACE.com in an email interview.
A liquid ocean
So Baland and her colleagues crunched Cassini's numbers in even greater detail. They found that Titan's orbital behavior indeed makes sense if the moon is assumed to have a solid interior surrounded by a liquid-water ocean, which itself sits beneath an icy "shell."
The Huygens probe took this photo from the surface of Titan. The image has been colored and processed to give a good indication of the actual orangeish color of the surface. (Image: © ESA/NASA/University of Arizona.)
The sizes of these various layers are tough to pin down at the moment, but the researchers said their modeling work suggests the icy shell might be 93 to 124 miles (150 to 200 kilometers) thick and the ocean 3 to 264 miles (5 to 425 km) deep, with the solid interior making up the rest.
Titan is about 3,200 miles (5,150 km) in diameter.
Current thinking about Titan's formation and evolution suggests that this ocean would be composed primarily of water -- perhaps with a dash of ammonia -- rather than hydrocarbons or some other substance, Baland said.
If this were the case, Titan would join several other frigid moons in the outer solar system -- such as Saturn's moon Enceladus and Jupiter's Europa -- in the water-ocean club.
Other lines of evidence point to this same conclusion. The entire surface of Titan, for example, appears to be sliding around, suggesting that the moon's crust and core are separated by a layer of liquid water. Models of Titan's internal heat flow support this idea as well.
Baland and her team will report their results in an upcoming issue of the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics.
A candidate for life?
Some astrobiologists speculate that some exotic type of methane-based life could be swimming about in Titan's hydrocarbon lakes. [5 Bold Claims of Alien Life]
But the only life we are certain of is here on Earth. And on our planet, life is tightly tied to liquid water; pretty much anywhere the stuff is found, life takes root and sticks around. So the presence of liquid water on Titan would make that already intriguing world an even better candidate for life, researchers said.
"Astrobiologists do not not really know yet what are the necessary conditions for life to emerge, but it seems that the presence of water is a requirement," Baland said.
The researchers hope the new study will inspire others to keep probing Titan's depths until the question of Titan's subsurface sea is settled once and for all.
"We hope that it will encourage other scientists to look for any other evidence for this ocean," Baland said.
You can follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter: @michaeldwall. Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.
“There is a perfect likeness between the Christian and the anarchist: their object, their instinct, points, only toward destruction.” (The Antichrist, Nietzsche, 168)
My first major protest was against the G20, which was hosted in Pittsburgh during the fall of 2009. My friends and I borrowed my hall mate's car and drove from Philly at 5am. We specifically went to this protest because it was not permitted by the city. It was truly an anarchist march. My group dressed in black, but had colorful bandanas just in case we separated. Standing in the park, waiting for the protest to begin, several reporters came and asked us why we opposed the G20. Our talking points were:
it was undemocratic for a few people to decide the fate for whole populations,
it was hierarchical in that only the powerful ones have a voice, and
the poor and the Earth are the ones who will suffer the most out of these deals.
I carried a black flag for the duration of the protest. Sound cannons and smoke bombs were used to hinder us. Eventually, my group left the protest once the riot police started shooting rubber bullets. I believe Paul would've been there with us, wearing all black, waving a black flag, and chanting “The people united will never be defeated!”
Perhaps a battlesquare for our situation would pin statists (those who support the State) against anarchists (anti-hierarchical, anti-oppression, anti-State), but this is hard to comprehend when their narratives run completely opposite. As well, it would be difficult to have any kind of reconciliation or compromise to bring together the statist and the anarchist. This would turn into a perverse version of socialism, where little states would own capital. Thus, it would have to be something beyond the battle square and not the two combing of the narratives.
Here Paul helps us: For you were called to freedom, brothers and sisters; only do not use your freedom as an opportunity for self-indulgence, but through love become slaves to one another (Galatians 5:13, NRSV).
Paul uses the oppressive form of slavery to conceptualize freedom. This version of Paul's freedom has resonance with the anarchist form of reciprocal freedom. In the States, we have a rhetoric of negative freedom, a freedom-from being told to do something. This is why talk-radio can spew such racist, sexist, and oppressive rhetoric. Colloquially, the quote “Don't tread on me” sums up the States' version of freedom. Then, there's positive freedom, freedom-to do what one wants. While Paul may seem closer to this idea, it still holds in utmost regard the autonomous individual. This is reflected in “My body, choice.” Finally, and most importantly, is reciprocal freedom, freedom-with others. I am not free unless you are free. This is not about self-policing one's language and actions, but through listening, caring, and becoming a slave to one another.
The opening quote from Nietzsche is absolutely essential: Christianity and anarchism's end goal is destruction. This destruction though is about changing the-world-as-it-is and not its obliteration. Capitalists and corporations are the ones already destroying the Earth through their horrible business practices. Paul wants to see change in the world through reciprocal love and compassion.
One of my favorite anarcho-folk-punk bands, Wingnut Dishwasher's Union, spells this form of freedom as slavery to one another in their song “My idea of fun.”
live as you make it up because we're enough
you'll never go without because we're enough
we'll buy a house because we're enough
we'll grow some food because we're enough
We're slaves to one another in love and not because we have an ethical duty to do so. At the G20 protest, reciprocal freedom abounded. Protestors gave a hand to those who had fallen behind. Anarchist medics aided those with smoke in their eyes. I saw God's realm on those Pittsburgh streets and I believe Paul would've stood hand-in-hand with us pronouncing Another World is Possible.
University of Montana football team captain and William V. Campbell Trophy finalistis officially one step closer to becoming a Rhodes Scholar after receiving an invitation to participate in the District 14 interview process in Seattle on Nov. 20-21.In the U.S., 32 Rhodes Scholarships are awarded nationally in 16 districts. As a finalist for District 14, Crittenden is one of the select few scholars from Alaska, Idaho, Montana, Oregon and Washington who will compete for just two Rhodes Scholarships, which support two-three years of study at the University of Oxford in England."This interview is the accumulation of making the most out of my experience at the University," said Crittenden. "I'm extremely honored to represent Montana on one of the biggest stages in the academic world."Crittenden is Montana's seventh Rhodes finalist in the past 11 years. UM has produced 28 scholarship winners, dating back George Barnes, who won the Rhodes in 1904.According the Rhodes Trust website, Rhodes Scholars are judged not only on their outstanding scholarly achievements, but also their character, commitment to others and to the common good, and for their leadership capabilities in their chosen field.The scholarship is named after Cecil Rhodes, who stipulated in his will that the award be presented on the following criteria: 1) Literary and scholastic attainments,2) Energy to use one's talents to the full, as exemplified by fondness for and success in sports, 3) Truth, courage, devotion to duty, sympathy for and protection of the weak, kindliness, unselfishness and fellowship, and 4) Moral force of character and instincts to lead, and to take an interest in one's fellow beings."The competition for this award is intense, as some of the best, brightest and most ambitious students across the nation apply. It is a substantial achievement simply to make it to this final stage of screening," said UM Rhodes representative and student adviser Ashby Kinch."He is an inspiring example of the energy, enthusiasm and intellectual curiosity we hope to see in our most talented students. We hope the committee sees the tremendous promise and potential that we see in Derek."In preparation for his Rhodes interview, Crittenden will undergo a mock interview process that will test his capabilities to think on his feet while competing against some of the region's greatest minds.In Seattle, Crittenden will undergo two full days of meetings, social activities and interviews that will culminate with the announcement of the two scholarship winners late Saturday afternoon.As such, Crittenden was forced to make the difficult choice to miss the annual Griz-Cat game, but for Montana head football coach, the choice was clear."The Rhodes scholarship is the opportunity of a lifetime for Derek. It's so important for his future, the team and the University of Montana that we want to do everything possible to help him achieve it."Should Crittenden be awarded the Rhodes Scholarship, he plans to study organic chemistry in his post-graduate work at Oxford.Until that time, he and his Montana teammates will be in Pocatello, Idaho, this weekend to face Idaho State in a key Big Sky Conference matchup.
Singer/songwriter Steven Patrick Morrissey, best known simply as Morrissey, the one-time frontman for the legendary 80's punk band The Smiths, is again making left-wing faces melt, this time with a statement released in the aftermath of the horrific terror attack Monday night in Manchester, England. Morrissey (again) criticized his home country's immigration policies, along with the weak, tired, clichéd responses from England's politicians and queen.
In his Facebook blast, Morrissey made five main points:
1. "[Prime Minister] Theresa May says such attacks 'will not break us', but her own life is lived in a bullet-proof bubble. ... 'will not break us' means that the tragedy will not break her, or her policies on immigration."
2. "[London mayor] Sadiq Khan says 'London is united with Manchester', but he does not condemn the Islamic State."
3. "The Queen receives absurd praise for her 'strong words' against the attack, yet she does not cancel today's garden party at Buckingham Palace — for which no criticism is allowed in the Britain of free press."
4. "Manchester mayor Andy Burnham says the attack is the work of an 'extremist'. An extreme what? An extreme rabbit?"
5. "In modern Britain everyone seems petrified to officially say what we all say in private. Politicians tell us they are unafraid, but they are never the victims."
Morrissey then closes with this truth: "How easy to be unafraid when one is protected from the line of fire. The people have no such protections."
Already the Left is out in force attacking Morrissey for speaking these truths. Twitchy is rounding it up.
Going as far back as 2007, Morrissey has made no secret of his position on England's suicidal immigration policies:
With the issue of immigration, it's very difficult because, although I don't have anything against people from other countries, the higher the influx into England the more the British identity disappears. If you walk through Knightsbridge on any bland day of the week you won't hear an English accent. You'll hear every accent under the sun apart from the British accent. ... England is a memory now. The gates are flooded and anybody can have access to England and join in. ... Travel to England and you have no idea where you are. It matters because the British identity is very attractive. I grew up into it and I find it very quaint and amusing. Other countries have held on to their basic identity, yet it seems to me that England was thrown away. You can't say, "Everybody come into my house, sit on the bed, have what you like, do what you like." It wouldn't work.
Naturally, merely for wanting to protect his own culture, a sin only if you are a Westerner, he was accused of racism. And yet ...
Initial reports tell us that the terrorist responsible for murdering 22 innocent people on Monday night was 22-year-old Salman Abedi, the son of a Libyan immigrant radicalized in one of England's primarily Muslim neighborhoods.
Spin magazine has already accused Morrissey of saying something "predictably dumb." The music trade is angry because he refuses to react to the Manchester terror attack in the "correct and approved" ways, so he must now be "re-educated" with bad publicity:
However, rather than simply extending sympathies to the families of the concert attendees who died and were injured, the singer-songwriter's comments focused on his own “anger” at the situation. ... You can read Morrissey's full, jumbled statement about the Manchester attack on his Facebook page.
As you might expect, as a means to make Morrissey look crazy and racist, Spin includes a list of his "offensive" and "more-than-questionable" past statements on immigration and politics.
Imagine the times we live in where a publication devoted to covering the music business attempts to shame one of the most famous punk rockers in history for uttering things that are "questionable" and "offensive," where the trade publication sides with the government and, of all people, the Queen!
Regardless of how many there are, or of how many are murdered, or how long they last, we are all required to react to these terror attacks in the same impotent ways:
1. Assume at first that the latest terrorist attack was committed by a Lutheran.
2. Run to social media to virtue signal.
3. Say empty things like, "The terrorists only win if we change our way of life," despite the fact that the terrorists are winning because you refuse to change your way of life.
4. After discovering the terrorist is Muslim, virtue signal again by attacking anyone who says so out loud.
5. Change your social media avatar to the correct flag or slogan.
6. Light a candle.
7. Keep changing your country and culture forever with suicidal floods of refugees and immigrants who refuse to assimilate.
8. Wait for the next opportunity to assume at first that the latest terrorist attack was committed by a Lutheran.
Lobbyists have long operated with minimal scrutiny in Boston City Hall, leaving scant evidence of their efforts to influence city policy for the benefit of their clients.
Now, in a significant shift, Mayor Martin J. Walsh says he will propose regulations for municipal lobbyists that could for the first time require public disclosure of their efforts to influence development, city contracts, and permits. It is a step many major cities have already taken to bring municipal lobbying into the sunshine.
Walsh's announcement comes a week after the Globe reported how a childhood friend and former law partner of the city's top lawyer leveraged his personal relationships for friendly introductions and access to key administration officials.
Advertisement
“If you came into this building and you're representing anybody — whether it's McDonald's or CVS or a developer — you're going to have to register as a lobbyist to do business,” Walsh said.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Walsh, who first outlined his proposal to Globe columnist Yvonne Abraham, said it will be modeled on state lobbying laws, which require lobbyists to disclose their clients, the matters on which they are lobbying, and their compensation.
“It would be open and transparent so people would know who is representing whom on what matters,” Walsh said. He will file his plans in February, he said.
The mayor's proposal would be a significant change at Government Center, potentially helping Boston catch up with cities such as Chicago, San Jose, and New York, and even small municipalities such as Sunrise, Fla., where interactions between lobbyists and government officials are disclosed in a searchable database.
Walsh said he would propose his lobbying regulations as a home rule petition, a change in law that must be approved by the City Council and passed by the state Legislature.
Advertisement
The mayor said he cannot impose municipal lobbying regulations with an executive order or city ordinance if the initiative includes fines for lack of compliance and covers quasi-public agencies such as the Boston Redevelopment Authority.
But sending the proposal to Beacon Hill could make it more difficult to get the rules in place. Walsh said he planned to call the legislative leadership to tell them “it's my wish to get this thing passed through session this term.”
City Council President Michelle Wu said she supports the mayor's efforts to “increase transparency around who is interacting with city decision makers and what financial benefits are involved.”
Less than three weeks ago, the mayor had dismissed the idea of pushing for lobbying regulations at City Hall, during a Globe interview on Dec. 22. “The city's been around since 1630,” he said. “I don't know if all of a sudden if this rule falls on the Walsh administration.”
His change of heart follows a Globe story published Jan. 3 that was based largely on e-mail communication between Walsh officials and Sean T. O'Donovan, a Somerville lawyer and former law partner of city corporation counsel Eugene L. O'Flaherty.
Advertisement
The e-mails, acquired by the Globe through public records requests, showed how members of the administration had accommodated O'Donovan and helped him get meetings with other city officials to pitch products sold by companies he represented.
‘If there was more awareness of who's representing who, it would build confidence in the public.' William Galvin, Massachusetts secretary of state
Walsh told Abraham that he was originally cool to the idea of new lobbying rules because the public records law already requires the city to release records that would reveal lobbying contacts, such as the e-mails the Globe used for its story.
Jessica Rinaldi/Globe Staff City corporation counsel Eugene O'Flaherty.
But that way isn't easy: reporters had to spend more than six weeks digging through thousands of files and pay hundreds of dollars to obtain records.
Walsh said that after the interview about lobbying with Globe reporters last month, he warmed to the idea as a way to avoid the perception of conflicts of interest.
Secretary of State William Galvin said rules requiring lobbyists to disclose their activities would improve public trust, especially around city development.
“There has been a perception — accurate or inaccurate — that insiders have taken advantage to get their projects approved,” Galvin said. “If there was more awareness of who's representing who, it would build confidence in the public.”
Galvin said he would still prefer a statewide law requiring lobbyists to disclose their activities in every municipality.
In Boston, the City Council has an obscure rule that requires lobbyists to file a letter with the city clerk before being admitted to the council chamber.
But the rule is largely ineffective — only 10 letters have been filed in the last two years — and it focuses only on interactions that physically take place within the chamber.
One firm that filed a letter with the city clerk was Serlin Haley, whose motto is “representing business before government.”
State records show the firm collected nearly $600,000 for lobbying state agencies in 2015 on behalf of clients that ranged from Facebook to Dunkin' Donuts to the conservative activist Koch brothers. At City Hall, however, Serlin Haley did not disclose its clients or fees.
“We don't speak to people about our representation,” said Susan M. Tevnan, the company's chief operating officer, before hanging up on a reporter.
Lobbyists operating at City Hall advocates for their clients in much the same way they do on Beacon Hill, said Jackson C. Hall, who worked as a City Council aide in the 1980s and now runs the firm Political Advantage. Hall registered last year with the city clerk and is proud of his work as a lobbyist. He urged the city to require more disclosure.
“Voters are entitled to know who is lobbying for what,” said Hall, whose clients include the Massachusetts Home Care Association and Lesley University. “People spend a lot of money on it. They wouldn't do it if it didn't work. And it's a growing profession.”
Municipal lobbying rules are inconsistent across the United States, according to reports from the Sunlight Foundation, a nonprofit government watchdog that tracks lobbying. Chicago appears to have among the strongest lobbying disclosure practices.
Data is available online, allowing taxpayers with a few clicks to easily get at least a bare-bones sense of the encounter between politician and lobbyist. It lists the lobbyists' names, who hired them, who they lobbied, and a short description of what the lobbyists were trying to achieve.
Bringing lobbying activities into the light helps to limit their influence, said former San Jose mayor Chuck Reed, who was in office when San Jose instituted lobbyist disclosure requirements in 2007.
“It's really important for people to be able to follow the money — that's the first principle,” said Reed, who served from 2007 to 2014.
In addition to requiring lobbyists to register and to file quarterly reports of their activities, San Jose also requires public officials to disclose their contacts with lobbyists before taking action on any matter on which they had been lobbied.
The officials make these declarations out loud at public meetings, and identify the lobbyists with whom they had contact, the dates of the contacts, and the subject matter, Reed said.
“It makes people a little uncomfortable but they get used to it,” he said.
San Jose's lobbying rules were part of a vast package of open government reforms, which Reed said improved public confidence in government.
“All kinds of bad things can happen when things are done in secret,” he said. “Get things out into the open. Lots of things just don't happen now because councilors know it will be public. You can't keep it a secret, so don't do something stupid.”
Other cities where municipal lobbying is already regulated include Los Angeles, Houston, Philadelphia, Phoenix, San Antonio, San Diego, Dallas, San Jose, Austin, Jacksonville, and San Francisco.
Andrew Ryan can be reached at andrew.ryan@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @GlobeAndrewRyan . Mark Arsenault can be reached at mark.arsenault@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @BostonGlobeMark
Nearly half of America's fittest is concerned that President Donald Trump does not promote fitness, according to a new survey conducted by Great Blue Research. Of Americans who exercise two or more times per week, 48 percent expressed concern that the president does not emphasize a healthy, active lifestyle, the study reported.
The survey, commissioned by Zoom Media, the exclusive advertising and health content provider for the nation's biggest health clubs, polled over 2,500 Americans who work out more than twice a week. These responses revealed that fitness-conscious consumers expect the President of the United States to be a role model for healthy living. More than 80 percent of the respondents believe that it is important for the president to support exercise and health, the study found. Zoom Media says that over 100 million Americans exercise at least two days a week.
Advertisement:
The 45th president appears to be falling short of these expectations. During the campaign, Trump had relatively lax health habits for a 70-year-old, to say the least. Axios reported that the Republican then-nominee "guzzled" Diet Coke, and fast food was a staple of his diet. The "three staples," according to one of Trump's aides, were Domino's, KFC and McDonald's. He reportedly ate Big Macs served on silver trays in his private jet, and ate KFC chicken with a silver spoon and fork:
Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! pic.twitter.com/jQTQYBFpdb — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 2, 2016
But ever since Trump moved into the White House, his eating habits have changed, people close to the president insist.
As far as fitness, Trump is golfing so much, one would think he is burning some calories.
A third of the oil has been cleaned-up a week after a spill the Ash Coulee Creek in North Dakota, up to 5 miles of which were polluted.
“An estimated 4,200 barrels of oil have leaked from the pipeline. Of that amount, 3,100 barrels of oil flowed into Ash Coulee Creek,”said Bill Seuss, a spill investigator with the North Dakota Department of Health.
Seuss said that, as of Sunday, 11,878 barrels of oil had been recovered at the site. Two cows have been reported dead near the site but Seuss said the cause of the deaths is unclear.
The pipeline is about 150 miles from where the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other environmental groups have been protesting Energy Transfer's Dakota Access pipeline since April.
During the spill 5.4 miles of the creek was polluted, according to officials. The section of the oil pipeline where the leak occurred has been isolated and the spill has been contained.
“Due to potentially unstable soil conditions at the point of release, the cause of the incident is not yet known,” Seuss added.
The pipeline was initially said to be overland but in the latest update it is described as a “buried 6-inch gathering line operated by Bell Farouche Pipeline.”
The spill is about 18 miles from the creek feeds into the Little Missouri River, which then feeds into the Missouri, a major drinking water source.
176,000 gallons of oil spilled at North Dakota pipeline https://t.co/AjOgSbgOzU — RT America (@RT_America) December 13, 2016
Bell Farouche has hired a remediation contractor that “specializes in cold water oil cleanup.”
Frigid temperatures have made cleanup conditions difficult, but has also slowed the movement of oil down the creek because the water has frozen, Seuss told Reuters.
An investigation by federal regulators into the incident is ongoing. It was first reported on December 5.
The 24,000 barrels per day, 6-inch pipeline runs intermittently, and at maximum has capacity to flow at 1,000 barrels per hour, Wendy Owen spokeswoman for True Companies, the pipeline's owner in Wyoming.
North Dakota crude pipeline shut down after spill - RT https://t.co/GJu6I94rBE — Peak Oil update (@PeakOilupdate) December 7, 2016
Belle Fourche Pipeline Company has reported 12 pipeline leaks since 2010 but not from this particular pipeline.
In 2011, the company reported two major leaks, one that spilled more than 1,900 barrels of refined products Campbell County, Wyoming, and another that leaked 1,000 barrels of crude in McKenzie County, North Dakota, according to Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration data.
Experienced cooks know that a sharp knife not only makes prep work easier and the final product more attractive, but is much safer, too. A dull blade requires more pressure to cut into food, which can easily cause your knife to slip and cut your hand.
Home cooks should sharpen their knives at least twice a year, and much more frequently if they use them every day. But when do you know it's time, and how do you do it?
The first step is understanding how knives get dull, which can happen one of two ways. Either your blade gets pushed out of alignment (meaning it looks more like a wavy line than a straight edge) or the edge simply wears down with regular use.
One of these things will happen to your knives eventually, but you can prolong the inevitable by practicing good habits.
1. Never use your knives on glass or marble cutting boards. Unlike wood or plastic, these materials grind down your blade, causing it to dull more quickly.
2. Avoid scraping your knife across your cutting board to move food around. Dragging your blade from side to side can throw it out of alignment and dull the knife.
3. Hand-wash and fully dry your knives after each use. Putting them in the dishwasher, leaving them in the sink, or storing them wet can cause rust and scratches, leading to a dull blade.
4. Always store your knives in a countertop knife block or an in-drawer organizer. If they're kept loose in a drawer, they'll bang up against other tools, getting nicked and dinged in the process.
The second key to lasting knives knows what to do when they finally get dull. If your blade is out of alignment, you can simply run your knife over a honing rod to straighten the edge. If it's worn down, though, you'll need to actually sharpen it, which you can do several ways.
Sending your knives out to a professional can be expensive, and they typically use grinding stones, which take more material than necessary from your blade. Doing it yourself with a sharpening stone is cheaper and more effective, but, while whetstones remove less material than grinding stones, they take a lot of know-how to use correctly, and the process is extremely labor-intensive.
For a fail-safe way to sharpen knives, savvy cooks turn to Work Sharp Culinary. With a passion for elevating the home-chef experience, the company offers knife-sharpening systems that use the same technology as manufacturers, but in a convenient countertop design. By allowing you to sharpen your knives the same way they're made, Work Sharp Culinary sets itself apart from other sharpening systems, which often use harsh grinding wheels or carbide rippers. The company's proven technology, backed by more than 40 years of innovation, makes the sharpening process fast, rewarding, and even fun (!), ensuring you'll actually use it to keep your knives cutting like new.
Work Sharp Culinary's premier system, the E5 sharpener, uses a flexible belt that's long-lasting, gentle on knives, and designed to sharpen even the most high-tech steels. The One Touch Programming feature eliminates guesswork with pre-programmed, timed sharpening cycles, and Work Sharp Culinary's exclusive MicroForge technology creates a durable, more controlled edge on any knife. Leather-lined sharpening guides ensure consistent edge geometry along the entire blade, and a ceramic honing rod keeps your knife in top shape long after sharpening. Extremely user-friendly, the E5 will help you keep your knives sharp all the time, ensuring clean and effortless cuts no matter what you're making.
Work Sharp Culinary also offers the manual M3 sharpening system. Along with the same MicroForge technology and sharpening guides featured in the E5, the M3 comes with interchangeable diamond and ceramic rods, which allow you to shape, sharpen, and hone in one package. Repair your knife's blade with the 320-grit diamond rod, then follow with the dual-surface ceramic honing rod to create a razor-sharp edge. The entire system can be stored in your knife block, or pulled apart and kept in a drawer, ensuring easy access when it's time to sharpen.
Whichever system works best for your cooking chops, one thing's for sure—use Work Sharp Culinary and dull knives will never slow down your cooking again.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
New Delhi: Muslim organization Jamaat - e - Islami Hind (JIH) has warned that the recent amendments to the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Bill to allow juveniles of 16 years and above involved in heinous crimes to be tried as adults are not enough to prevent sexual crimes. The JIH wants the government to look at the problem of crimes by juveniles as a social problem that must be tackled at the roots. Among a number of corrective measures, the Muslim organisation wants the government to explore a country-wide ban on alcohol to prevent sexual crimes.Jamaat -e- Islami Hind, President, Syed Jalaluddin Umri, said recently, “On December 22, last year, the Rajya Sabha passed the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Bill. The Bill allows for juveniles 16 years or older to be tried as adults for heinous offences (which are punishable with imprisonment of seven years or more) like rape and murder. Jamaat welcomes this bill but is of the opinion that legislation and punishment are not the only way to preventing sexual crimes. The malaise is rooted socially and should also be addressed at the social level.”It is elaborated in the statement that the, “JIH believes that a crime-free society can be developed by character building and instilling piety in the minds of people. All the roads and avenues that lead to perversion and sexual anarchy must be blocked and the merchants of vulgarity and titillation must be put behind bars. There is a strong correlation between alcohol consumption and sexual crimes and Jamaat demands a complete country-wide ban on alcoholic drinks.”The Muslim body has also strongly condemned the recent arrest of Muslim youth in various parts of the country on charges of association with the ISIS. “Jamaat completely denounces the ISIS and its activities. If the West wants, ISIS can be crushed within days and the excesses committed by ISIS have nothing to do with Islam. Jamaat feels that the ISIS has been deliberately given a long lease of life by the West so that the military intervention by Western powers can continue unabated in Syria and the Middle East,” the statement reads.JIH has demanded that the government of India must ensure release of all those Muslim youth detained on fake charges and without sufficient evidence. “The authorities must stop misusing the law to subjugate and humiliate its own citizens. Jamaat is of the opinion that the creation and existence of ISIS might be a deep conspiracy of the West to defame Islam and divide Muslims,” JIH has asserted.
Pseudo-cyanotype filtered streetscape
Permalink to this view:
What is this?
Random views from Google Street View around Copenhagen, processed through a digital filter intended to roughly evoke the style of an architectural "artist's rendition" sketch, as it might've been reproduced via cyanotype (the process once used for reproducing blueprints). Reload the page, or click "[reload]", to get another view.
Specifics: I grab 360-degree panoramas from random locations in Copenhagen, somewhat biased towards the city center. Then, crop to a random 84-degree-wide field of view within the panorama (approximately the view given by a 20mm wide-angle lens), and filter. Flaws aplenty in the source material get retained: substantial barrel distortion on some views, discontinuities from where Google pasted together different source images (lower-res and sometimes misaligned strips along the top or bottom are especially common), and miscellaneous oddities like Google watermarks in the sky.
Why?
I've spent more time than I'd like to admit mesmerized by MapCrunch, a site that lets you jump to random Google-street-view locations. Completely random views anywhere in the world, or limited to a particular area.
It's a particularly interesting experience to play the part of such a robot flâneur (to take a nice turn of phrase from another such site) in the city where you live. There's an odd mixture of familiarity/unfamiliarity, presence/non-presence. Walking around digitally, the weather is often different; the city may be in broad daylight while it's really nighttime here; and I get randomly teleported to locations that I've never happened across. And for Copenhagen, Google's Copenhagen is perennially a sunny July day, atypical enough to be a bit surreal.
Though that experience is surreal, in different ways it isn't actually surreal enough. Google's street view looks just too normal, not nearly as strange as actually walking around on streets feels.
Walking around Copenhagen, there's a constant stream of strange and familiar things and shapes, the awareness perhaps enhanced because I'm a foreigner who's lived here only a year. Angles on classical-style doorway pediments; street lights hung from wires over street centers; bustling and empty parts of the city (often only a few blocks apart); parallel and diverging lines; shadows; rows of bicycles; bricks; "til salg"; metro-station glass pyramids; sleek glass office buildings; old townhouses on a canal; steeples; bridges; graffiti-covered warehouses; cobblestone patterns; trees; imposing stone mansions.
One gets some of that when flâneuring one's way through Google Street View's Copenhagen, but it often lacks the visceral strangeness or wonder. Of all the many kinds of photography, it gives you one kind: the straight-ahead, documentary, vacation snapshot, that shows you "just how things look".
It's tempting to say that this shows why real street photographers are still needed, instead of them having been rendered obsolete by the Google Street View Car; and maybe that's true. But this massive set of street views in the cloud is still intriguing, and I want to squeeze more out of it.
I've been experimenting with randomly "walking" around Copenhagen while "wearing" filter glasses, to get a different view on things. Super-saturated Copenhagen, black-and-white Copenhagen, contrast-enhanced Copenhagen, eroded Copenhagen, etc. Different varities of these "distorting" lenses seem to evoke different aspects and moods, sometimes just distorting the subject, other times getting at "real" things that the straightforward photo didn't. Or so it seems to me.
The Cyano-View lens shown here is one that consistently gives an interesting take on Copenhagen, I think, so I've put it online.
02/23/2017 04:51 pm ET | Updated 1 day ago
Twenty-one more Jewish community centers and day schools received bomb threats Monday, bringing to 90 the number of threats to Jewish locations in 30 states since early January. More than a dozen places have been threatened more than once.
Fortunately, all the phone calls were hoaxes. But Jewish cemeteries were not so lucky. A second one, in Philadelphia, was vandalized last weekend. One near St. Louis was attacked the weekend before. Together, more than 250 tombstones were knocked down or damaged.
These latest hate incidents come less than a week after Donald Trump finally, reluctantly, denounced as "horrible" and "painful" the anti-Semitism that has increasingly inflamed this country since he began his presidential campaign more than 18 months ago.
The first forty-odd bomb threats were not enough to cause the president to speak out. He twice refused easy opportunities to do so. Once he evaded a reporter's question by bragging about the size of his electoral victory. Next day he mistakenly took the question as an accusation of anti-Semitism against himself and accused the reporter of lying and insult.
It took a plea for "religious tolerance" by his daughter Ivanka, a convert to Judaism often described as his "better half," before Trump finally delivered his denunciation. His prolonged failure to do so earlier caused Democratic Congressman Jerry Nadler of Brooklyn to speculate that perhaps the president "didn't want to denounce his own supporters" because some of them were responsible for the misdeeds.
The growing number of bomb threats and cemetery vandalism mark a worsening of the anti-Semitic vitriol unleashed by Trump's campaign, something the candidate rarely denounced and often encouraged. Throughout the campaign, many Jewish journalists critical of Trump were the targets of his supporters' hate. Typical was an anti-Trump conservative, Ben Shapiro, formerly an editor at far right-wing Breitbart News, who wrote last May:
I've experienced more pure, unadulterated anti-Semitism since coming out against Trump's candidacy than at any other time in my political career. Trump supporters have threatened me and other Jews who hold my viewpoint. They've blown up my e-mail inbox with anti-Semitic conspiracy theories. They greeted the birth of my second child by calling for me, my wife, and two children to be thrown into a gas chamber. Yes, seriously.
This isn't a majority of Trump supporters, obviously. It's not even a large minority. But there is a significant core of Trump support that not only traffics in anti-Semitism but celebrates it — and god-worships Trump as the leader of an anti-Jewish movement.
And with good reason. Despite Trump's belated statement, too little, too late, and without means of implementation, Trump's words and actions since he began running clearly mark him as an anti-Semite.
I say that fully aware that, strangely, despite frequent charges of anti-Semitism, Trump has rarely been accused of being an anti-Semite. In fact, he's been defended by Jewish leaders such as Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, who enthused that “there is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state” than the president. And Mort Klein, head of the Zionist Organization of America, who called charges of Trump's anti-Semitism “outrageous.”
More critical but more typical is the reaction of Kenneth Stern, director of a Jewish foundation, who called the president “a serious enabler of anti-Semitism,” but said: “I take Donald Trump at his word that he is not an anti-Semite.”
Donald Trump is arguably the single biggest liar in the history of U.S. presidential politics. Why anyone should take him at his word is a mystery. Trump is clearly much more than an “enabler” of anti-Semitism.
Who's an anti-Semite? The Oxford English Dictionary has a simple definition:
A person who is hostile to or prejudiced against Jews.
How does Trump fit that definition? Let's look at some of his actions and statements. Not all are blatantly anti-Semitic. But taken together they go in one direction.
· Speaking to wealthy Republican Jews in December 2015, Trump said: “You're not gonna support me because I don't want your money.” The Huffington Post noted that “the stereotype of Jews using their money to insidiously manipulate global politics is an old one.”
· Interviewed by CNN's Jake Tapper in February 2016, Trump repeatedly refused to condemn former Ku Klux Klan wizard David Duke, a longtime anti-Semite. Instead, Trump lied: “I don't know anything about David Duke.” Actually, Trump knew a good deal about Duke, having denounced him as “a bigot” and “ racist” in 2000.
The following month, Trump declared his policy to be “America First,” a phrase repeated in his inaugural address. He borrowed the term from an organization led by anti-Semites like Charles Lindbergh and Henry Ford that tried to keep the U.S. from entering World War II.
· Last July, Trump tweeted a picture of Clinton against a background of $100 bills. Next to her was a Jewish symbol, a six-pointed Star of David, inside of which was written: “The Most Corrupt Candidate Ever!” The image was taken from an anti-Semitic website. Trump insisted it was a sheriff's star or a plain star. But the head of the Anti-Defamation League, a Jewish defense group, said the image had "obvious anti- Semitic overtones.”
· Some of Trump's most blatant anti-Semitism came in a Florida speech last October in which he claimed that “Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends and her donors.” Of these “global special interests,” and “our corrupt political establishment,” Trump declared: “Their financial resources are virtually unlimited, their political resources are unlimited, their media sources are unmatched.”
“International banks” and their bankers have long been code words used by anti-Semites to refer to Jews. And to anyone familiar with the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, an early 20th century Russian forgery that pretended to be the work of Jewish scholars this was right out of that phony playbook. The protocols falsely outlined an international Jewish plot to take over the world.
One protocol declares: “We shall triumph and bring all governments into subjection to our super government.” It speaks of “the power of gold,” and “the despotism of Capital, which is entirely in our hands.” Another protocol speaks of Jewish control of the press adding: “thanks to the Press we have got the gold in our hands.”
Trump's speech is right out of the Protocols: the global conspiracy; the worldwide control; the power of money, and domination of the press.
· While he likely never heard of the Protocols and surely never read them, Trump's campaign was headed by a man who probably had: Stephen Bannon, his campaign CEO who reportedly co-wrote the speech, and who is now chief White House strategist. Bannon, a former investment banker and filmmaker, came to Trump after heading Breitbart News, a far right-wing site that promotes the views of white supremacists and anti-Semites. A reader of political philosophy, Bannon calls himself “virulently anti-establishment.”
· According to veteran Washington journalist Elizabeth Drew, Bannon “is believed to have been the guiding spirit behind Trump's chillingly anti-Semitic final campaign ad.” Among the villains of the piece were three prominent Jews: billionaire George Soros, whose picture is shown as the narrator talks of “those who control the levers of power in Washington;” followed by an image of Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen (“and for the global special interests,”); and by investment banker Lloyd Blankfein, who put money robbed from workers “into the pockets of a handful of large corporations.” As Drew concluded: “It's hard to see how it could have been more blatant.” The ad ended: “I'm Donald Trump and I approved this message.”
· Once in office, Trump has continued to offend Jews. On Holocaust Remembrance Day in late January, the White House issued a statement that failed to mention the six million Jews murdered by Hitler. Sen. Tim Kaine labelled it: “a form of Holocaust denial.”
· In mid-February, an Israeli reporter cited the “sharp rise” in anti-Semitic incidents since Trump's campaign and election and asked what the president would say to those who think “that your administration is playing with xenophobia and maybe racist tones?” The president replied by boasting about his 306 electoral vote victory, denounced racism, but never mentioned anti-Semitism.
· The following day, a Hasidic Jewish reporter assured Trump that his community did not regard the president as anti-Semitic, and pointed out that Trump had Jewish grandchildren. He then asked what the government was going to do about the “uptick” in anti-Semitism as indicated by the community center bomb threats. Trump interrupted, charging the reporter with lying. “Not a fair question,” he said. “I am the least anti-Semitic person you have ever seen.” The reporter's accurate reply that he wasn't accusing Trump of that or anything else fell on deaf ears. “I hate the charge, I find it repulsive, I hate even the question,” the president said, in an answer I thought reeked of a guilty conscience about his feelings toward Jews.
In sum, I strongly agree with Steven Goldstein, director of the Anne Frank Center, that despite his protestations, Trump is clearly an anti-Semite and that the president's statements denouncing it were
a pathetic asterisk of condescension after weeks in which he and his staff have committed grotesque acts and omissions reflecting anti-Semitism.
And no, I don't care if the president's favorite child is a convert to Judaism or that her Jewish husband is one of his most influential advisers, or that he loves his three Jewish grandchildren almost to death, or that Prime Minister Netanyahu has all kinds of nice things to say about him.
Find Your Favorite Library for C++ in NuGet
Many of you may know that NuGet is the “go-to” library repository for .NET development, but what about using it for C++? The answer here may surprise you as many of the top open source C++ libraries are actually sitting in the NuGet gallery.
For those who haven't used NuGet before, NuGet is the package manager system for the Microsoft development platform. Adding library packages from the NuGet gallery to your Visual Studio project is as easy as clicking one installation button. The gallery started with .NET libraries and now we are working on getting more C++ libraries into its ecosystem.
Let's take a look at what is already available in the NuGet gallery for C++ developers.
Category Name Version (NuGet/Latest) Details General Purpose Boost 1.57/1.57 Complete Boost package with satellites binary packages. For Visual C++ 2013 / 2012 / 2010
GUI wxWidgets
Helper 2.4.2/2.4.2 The package is a helper for setting up a C++ project to use wxWidgets. WTL 9.0/9.0 Windows Template Library (WTL) is a C++ library for developing Windows applications and UI components Graphics Ogre3D 1.83/1.90 One of the most popular open-source graphics rendering engines. DirectX
Toolkit 2015.1/2015.1 It is a collection of helper classes for writing DirectX 11.x code in C++. Freeglut 2.8.1/2.8.1 The Free openGL Utility Toolkit, is meant to be a free alternative to Mark Kilgard's GLUT library. Glew 1.9.0/1.12.0 GLEW provides efficient run-time mechanisms for determining which OpenGL extensions are supported on the target platform. Glfw 3.0/3.4 GLFW is an Open Source, multi-platform library for creating windows with OpenGL contexts and managing input and events. Scientific Eigen 3.2.3/3.2.4 Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms. OpenCV 2.4.9/2.4.10 OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library of programming functions for realtime computer vision. Multi-Media SDL 2.0.3/2.0.3 Simple DirectMedia Layer, a generic API that provides low level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, and display framebuffer across multiple platforms. SFML 2.2/2.2 SFML provides a simple interface to the various components of your PC, to ease the development of games and multimedia applications. There are five packages for five modules: system, window, graphics, audio and network. CEF 3.2171/3.2171 The Chromium Embedded Framework (CEF) is a simple framework for embedding Chromium-based browsers in other applications. Network OpenSSL 1.01/1.02 The implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL v2/v3) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols as well as a full-strength general purpose cryptography library. LibSSH2 1.4.3/1.4.3 Libssh2 is a client-side C library implementing the SSH2 protocol. Poco 1.4.6/1.4.7 Modern, powerful open source C++ class libraries and frameworks for building network- and internet-based applications that run on desktop, server, mobile and embedded systems. 1.4.6 is a maintenance version. Multiple packages are included. C++ Rest SDK 2.4.0.1/2.4.0.1 A cross-platform library supports cloud-based client-server communication in native code using a modern asynchronous C++ API design. Azure Storage Client for C++ 0.5.0/0.5.0 This client library enables working with the Microsoft Azure storage services which include the blob service for storing binary and text data, the table service for storing structured non-relational data, and the queue service for storing messages that may be accessed by a client. Libcurl
(cURL) 7.30/7.40 Curl is a tool and libcurl is a library for transferring data with URL syntax, supporting DICT, FILE, FTP, FTPS, GOPHER, HTTP, HTTPS, IMAP, IMAPS, LDAP, LDAPS, POP3, POP3S, RTMP, RTSP, SCP, SFTP, SMTP, SMTPS, TELNET and TFTP. With many features. Database SQLite 3.8.4.2/3.8.7.2 SQLite is an in-process library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine. SOCI 3.2.0/3.2.2 SOCI provides C++ programmers a way to access multiple SQL databases in the most natural and intuitive way. Utility ZLib 1.2.8/1.2.8 A massively spiffy yet delicately unobtrusive compression library. LibXML2 2.7.8/2.9.2 Libxml2 is the XML C parser and toolkit available for multiple languages and platforms. TinyXML2 2.1/2.2 TinyXML-2 is a simple, small, efficient, C++ XML parser that can be easily integrating into other programs. JsonC++ 0.6/0.6 A C++ library for interacting with JSON. PThread 2.9.1/2.9.1 A library for writing multithreaded applications with POSIX threads. This is a Win32 package. Codec LibJpeg 9.0/9.0 This package contains C software to implement JPEG image encoding, decoding, and transcoding. LibPng 1.5.10/1.6.16 libpng is the official PNG reference library.
See something familiar and want to try it out? Go for it, but remember, for most of them to work, you may need Visual Studio 2013 (or express version). Don't feel bad if your favorite library is not on the list as we only listed a small portion of the C++ packages. More native libraries can be found in the gallery, and please do comment after the blog if you think some important C++ library is missing from the gallery or some package on the list doesn't work for you.
NuGet for C++
Installing a C++ package from NuGet is not that different from .NET. Packages can either be installed through the NuGet console by typing “Install-Package [package name]” if you know the package name or they can be found and installed by using “Manage NuGet Package” window (Figure 2), which can be opened from your project context menu (Figure 1).
Figure 1
Figure 2
All the project dependencies, include paths and lib paths will be added automatically into your vcxproj. In rare cases, you may need to manually copy DLLs to your binary folder to run your program for some packages.
Notably, NuGet for C++ still has some limitations. You may find difficulties distinguishing C++ packages from .NET packages in the search results. Adding a tag filter “tags:native” to your search box could give you more accurate results. Another thing you need to be aware of is the package compatibility. Most NuGet packages target a specific version of Visual Studio; not every package supports all processor architectures.
We Are Listening
We want the NuGet package system to bring the best library distribution experience for C++ on Windows. Your feedback is critical as we consider adding more C++ packages and features to NuGet.
Two black guys were out looking at MLS listing comparing their property they were trying to sell to other homes in the surrounding neighborhood and a cop pulls them over questioning them about why they were in the neighborhood. The black guy tells him he was in the process of selling his home and was given an offer he didn't like so he was out comparing other sales to his home.
The cop apparently didn't believe him because how could two young black men drive a nice car and live in such a lavish neighborhood. That's just impossible, right? How wrong could that officer be? These are young educated hard-working young men who are very responsible and business savvy.
The guy asked the officer, “Do you want me to take you to the house and of course the officer obliged. They drove about a mile and pulled up in their 5 bedrooms and 3 bath brick home and invited the cop in which he then refused.
The guys started laughing and the officer then left looking embarrassed. I guess you can't drive and live nice while black.
Check out the video below:
This isn't a review. Since Company of Heroes 2: The Western Front Armies is a multiplayer only stand-alone expansion, it'd be crazy to do this as a regular critique with a score shoved on the end. The real test for an expansion of this sort is when it's sent through hundreds of different permutations in the hands of the general player base; people who've put scores of hours into the Company of Heroes 2 multiplayer.
That doesn't happen until 24 June and beyond. So no matter what my early impressions are of Western Front Armies, there's absolutely no point trying to offer any kind of definitive word on it before it's gone through the initial stages of inevitable re-balancing.
What I can do though is explain how this slightly unusual stand-alone release works, note some of the major additions and give my thoughts of the two new army factions it introduces to the game. SEGA has had a oddly draconian NDA in place during alpha testing and, for reasons best known to the publisher, has opted not to do an open beta test at all. Beyond the most avid Company of Heroes 2 players, I get the sense people are still a little in the dark about this release.
Here's how it works: Western Front Armies is available as a stand-alone purchase of either one ($13.00) or both ($20.00) of the US and Oberkommando West forces. The base Company of Heroes 2 game isn't required. Buying some form of Western Front Armies gives you access to all the usual CoH2 multiplayer modes (excluding Theatre of War stuff) and AI skirmish bot matches with your owned faction(s).
If you do already own the main CoH2 game, it's pretty much the same deal. The purchased faction(s) will be added alongside the Germans and Soviets in the list of armies you can use in multiplayer. Aside from AI skirmishes, there isn't any kind of single player campaign activity.
The release of Western Front Armies is also going to bring a couple of major changes to the game as a whole, no matter whether the add-on is purchased. The old war bulletin system of grinding out 5% accuracy on your mortars for killing 5,000 tanks (or whatever) is out, and a new “war spoils” system is in. War spoils appear to have a chance of showing up after every multiplayer match (this was inconsistent for me, so there may be a more subtle trigger) and seem somewhat random. They fulfill the same role as bulletins and you can still choose up to three of them per loadout, but it's a fairly substantial change to the progression and distribution method.
Because I already owned Company of Heroes 2 (kind of, my press review version actually self-destructed on release day and no longer loads,) every single Soviet and German bulletin from the old system was now unlocked by default. I'm not sure where this new system will leave Commanders, as I also had temporary (50 hours and counting) access to some “rare” Commander options. They may show up in war drops or Relic may still want to pursue their dubious DLC policy. Perhaps both. It's not entirely clear.
Alongside those changes, there's now a public game list that can be access through the multiplayer skirmish menu. It's an alternative to automatch or games with specific friends, allowing you to browse through a selection of matches that the host has opted to tag as public. This should go down pretty well with the players who've been asking Relic for just such a thing.
The new pair of factions feel pretty distinct, both from each other and from the existing Soviet and German forces. US players start with a static, fully constructed base, but are restricted from producing all their units by a chain of command structure. Until a Lieutenant unit is called in, they can't build the M20 utility car, machine gun teams or the AA half-track. Likewise, a Captain and Major (respectively) are needed for anti-tank guns, field artillery and heavier armour like the Sherman or M36 tank destroyer. It feels like a pretty versatile selection, able to adapt to shifting battlefield circumstances.
The basic troop types available to the Americans are good old Riflemen (who can be upgraded to wield grenades and anti-tank weaponry) and the trench-coated Rear Echelons. Effectively engineers, these guys can do vehicle repairs, build caches on victory points and have a neat volley fire ability for suppressing enemies. You can roll out an ambulance too, which will crumple under fire but can heal nearby troops on the field.
Command units aren't just there to unlock other options, the Major has the capability to recon small areas and call down artillery strikes. A pretty dangerous combination. They're also able to call a fake artillery strike, which leaves the traditional flare markers but doesn't actually do anything. Potentially helpful for spooking somebody out of position.
With the three supplied US Commander Doctrines, it's possible to bolster your armour (or ‘armor' if you're sticking in character) options with the M10 Wolverine and Bulldozer Sherman, or support your infantry with a mortar half-track and Browning LMGs. It's tempting just to stick to the Airborne Doctrine though, because the chance to drop weaponry and paratroopers out of the sky is quite seductive.
In contrast to the simplicity of the US faction, Oberkommando West base building is quite involved. They start the game with one half-track Command HQ building already in place, but will very quickly have a second half-track with which to construct another one. Oberkommando buildings can be placed on any victory point still connected to captured territory, so you have a strategic choice whether to push boldly forwards (and maybe bolster an important area) or play safer and keep your base points closer to home.
After the second half-track building has been placed (or destroyed,) another one will show up after three minutes. It's possible to turn each half-track into either a battlegroup HQ, mechanised regiment HQ or (once either of those has already been placed) a Schwerer Panzer HQ. After all three buildings are up and running, the Oberkommando get access to the incredibly expensive and rather devastating King Tiger tank.
The general Oberkommando theme is one of costly, veteran troops and armour, moving fluidly and with speed. A lot of the Commanders reflect this approach, particularly the Breakthrough Doctrine which allows more rapid capture of enemy territory, recruitment of Panzerfusilier recon troops, a heavy artillery bombardment (with bonus smokescreen) and the Jagdtiger panzer.
The Special Operations commander presents a more covert option, enabling you to hide all troop markers on the mini-map with ‘radio silence,' plus infiltration tactics for infantry and infrared StG44‘s for long-ranged engagements. Opting for the Luftwaffe Ground Forces instead will allow you to launch a full on combined airborne assault of Stukas and elite Fallschirmjager troops, plus a ‘Valiant Assault' ability that drives infantry units to move more quickly and attack with greater efficiency.
Again, it's impossible at this early stage to comment too much on how the introduction of the Western Front Armies will affect the overall balance of the game, but from what I've seen the two additional factions seem as if they can bring some interesting diversity.
Nine new maps are included in the expansion too, largely based around conflicts in Belgium (La Gleize, Lanzerath Ambush, Trois Pont and so on.) Though some of them are wintery, they don't seem to use any of the cold/blizzard mechanics from the Russian locations.
In a broader sense, it'll be interesting to see whether this expansion brings in many new players or if it'll be concentrated amongst existing players looking for a new faction to explore. Newbies will be faced with quite a rough learning curve, because although the in-game tutorial mission, videos and text tips try hard to cover the basics, they're pretty inadequate for conveying any of the nuances of Company of Heroes 2 multiplayer. The game shares an unexpected similarity with chess, in that you want to get your opening moves just right. A few playable pointers and examples of that art would help people a lot.
It was also disappointing to find that even one year later and with a better graphics card in my box, the game still runs quite poorly without much apparent cause. Occasional hang-ups even at modest settings weren't what I was expecting after a potential twelve months of optimisation.
Changes like the introduction of a searchable public games list and the alterations to bulletin/war spoils acquisition could almost be as important as the new Western Front Armies factions. It shows Relic is prepared to offer continued support to a sequel which wasn't exactly welcomed by seasoned Company of Heroes players on release. In conjunction with the previously released Steam Workshop-compatible map editor and persistent rumours of wider mod support to come, the Company of Heroes 2 multiplayer community could soon have the tools and options it needs to really sustain itself.
Screenshots of the new US and Oberkommando West Commanders added by Western Front Armies can be viewed in the gallery below. Click to enlarge. You can see some gameplay from the expansion in our IncGamers Plays presentation.
The MBTA is considering body cameras for its police officers.Watch reportThe Transit police superintendent said he supports the idea of officers wearing body cameras.Richard Sullivan told Boston Herald Radio that he raised the issue with his police chief about how a body camera program could work on the MBTA force.Sullivan also said he'd like to see surveillance cameras inside every train car on the MBTA. He adds that could begin when the new Red Line trolleys come online.As for the body cameras, the superintendent said they would not roll out any program without talking to union leaders."Transit Police leadership will be discussing the topic with the MBTA General Manager, the Fiscal & Management Control Board, and the police unions before making any final decisions," the MBTA said in a statement.
The MBTA is considering body cameras for its police officers.
Watch report
Advertisement
The Transit police superintendent said he supports the idea of officers wearing body cameras.
Richard Sullivan told Boston Herald Radio that he raised the issue with his police chief about how a body camera program could work on the MBTA force.
Sullivan also said he'd like to see surveillance cameras inside every train car on the MBTA. He adds that could begin when the new Red Line trolleys come online.
As for the body cameras, the superintendent said they would not roll out any program without talking to union leaders.
"Transit Police leadership will be discussing the topic with the MBTA General Manager, the Fiscal & Management Control Board, and the police unions before making any final decisions," the MBTA said in a statement.
AlertMe
Texas Parks and Wildlife game wardens pulled a 10-foot alligator out of the Trinity River near downtown Fort Worth on Thursday. (Published Thursday, July 9, 2015)
Texas Parks and Wildlife game wardens pulled a blind 10-foot alligator out of the Trinity River near downtown Fort Worth Thursday.
Game wardens have kept an eye on him for several months after reported sightings and they said, while the gator never caused any problems, they wanted to remove him from the heavily populated area.
"The problem is not the alligator, it's the people," reptile hunter Chris "Gator" Stevens said. "Being in that high profile of a location, people are going to start feeding it. And anytime you have an alligator like this, it's just a matter of time before people poke it."
Texas game wardens summoned Stevens to help catch the alligator after several reported sightings in recent weeks. It took more than a half-dozen men and women to wrestle the gator to shore at Riverside Park.
"He was very tough to catch," Stevens said. "Big gator. Took us a little while. But with some patience, we got him in."
Stevens took the 10-foot-2-inch alligator to a nature reserve. He said it was likely blind in both eyes.
Alligators are known to be in the Trinity, which is their historic habitat. But most gators in Tarrant County are found near the Fort Worth Nature Center and Refuge and the river north from there. It's unusual to see them near the heart of downtown, especially near so much traffic, people, cars, bikes and more.
Recent heavy rain and flooding may have brought the animal to the area.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 5 Dallas-Fort Worth
MMD-0051-2016 - Debunking a tiny ELF remote backdoor (shellcode shellshock part 2)
The background
In September 2014 during the ShellShock exploitation was in the rush I analyzed a case (MMD-0027-2014) of an ELF dropped payload via ShellShock attack, with the details can be read in-->[here]
Today I found an interesting ELF x86-32 sample that was reported several hours back, the infection vector is also via ShellShock, the reporter seems not so sure whether the ELF binary is malicious or not..nor can he figure which kind of malware it is.. if it's malicious, so I decided to dissect it upon received the sample, hoping this information will help security community to use it as reference for the similar case.
The ELF binary looks like this:
It is a statically compiled 155 bytes ELF binary in Intel 32bit architecture, by the result of its compilation I can tell that was in a form of shellcode for linux compiled in C template on a GCC compiler.
Studying the sample
As I found of shellcode myself as a hobby, seeing the hex and stripping the ELF header parts, I can see the shellcode inside started from 31 dbs f7 e3 53 43 53 6a 02 b0 66 ..until.. cd 80 ff e1 .
Compared to the previous mentioned case, this shellcode is a way much shorter, could be part of something bigger that was cut to whatever purpose, or a partial module of the threat series, or it's just small. Anyhow I decided to check it out, and of course, with my beloved radare. Firing up, it looks plain and simple assembly as per below, as per disassembled which each opcode correctly in 80386(x86-32) machine language:
In a glimpse, this shellcode looks the same to what we had before, but it is slightly different on several patys and again, shorter. So now all we have to do is to describe how dos it work.
Dissection of the evil opcodes
I break down the codes into its calls & processes, took a while of work and reading many syscall references, but it was all worth and the result is as per pictured below:
What it says from line number 3 to 25 (xref: 0x08048054 to 0x0804807a) in plain English is:
Firstly this ELF/shellcode part called the socket, set it with as internet connection used socket (PF_INET) to a certain IP address and port number (both are hard coded in hex, see the picture above), assuming the back connection is going to being made to the remote machine. I see the same procedure is used in same reverse-shell malware or some malicious shellcode itself. This part is happened more or less similar as previous case I reported and dissected in September 2014 (linked above).
However, the rest of the lines is the interesting point of this threat.
in 0x0804807c it strictly set the memory space (in the stack) to the value of 7, and this can be only mean that the stack setting(PROT_READ, PROT_WRITE, PROT_EXEC) flag is set to readable, writeable and executable ( xref: codes from 0x0804807e to 0x0804808d is all about this setting..called syscall sys_mmap2 w/def size 4096 and called syscall sys_mprotect..in C is similar to make a malloc() part).
Up to this point the badness is smelled stronger. The next codes will explain its bad activity very well. In 0x0804808f it restores the socket and then reads the data from the socket (ref 0x08048095 in executed syscall0x03 sys_read) and it's saved the data to the stack (which is read/write/exec-able now).
The described current process is up to 0x08048097 now (we are here). So, an explanation in better English up to this process is: this malware connects to the defined IP address and port and listened to what will be sent and save the sent data in the memory.
The next, the last code is in address 0x08048099 is a jump command to ecx register which contains the pointer to the saved data in she stacks, Yes, which can also mean the execution of the whatever data saved in the allocated stack (memory). In overall, in short; this backdoor is back-connecting to a hardcoded remote host, it listens to the connected socket and retrieving the data sent through it, and saved the data in the stack (memory), and to then it can execute whatever form of executable data sent to the infected host.
And all of these can be performed in a tiny-savvy-little 155 bytes ELF file we have, nasty is it? To be clear, it doesn't fetch any binary, it doesn't contain any shell. as engineer one should be precise in defining this malicious definition.
The implementation for this backdoor can be widely applied as component to many further form of badness if it s installed/sent to any successful compromised host. We'd be better to take more attention awareness of these type of small and unusual ELF files inside of our system.
The most commonly imaginable follow-up scheme for this ELF infection is the injection of the shell binary (mostly an "sh" or "bash" file, etc) ELF binary via this backdoor. But that is not necessarily to be the shell binary. IT can be rootkit installer or further malicious shellcode.
The threat is already in the wild folks, before you yell me of the OPSEC I'd say awareness is a must too!!, there is no need to be hush hush about this matter which making our fellow sysadmins clueless (like a friend who got this in his server) and doesn't know much info about this threat. They are the ones who can lose their jobs for not knowing these details, They need to know the correct definition.
Behavior analysis
During the "run" process, sysadmins in any infected machine will see some operations triggered by the malware in the kernel space as per processed called below:
And of course, in this particular file, due to the stupidity of the lamer who copy-pasta and wrongly compiled its codes, the segmentation fault will occur for the obvious silly reason, which I will not explain in here for the security reason.
Naming of the malware
I must protest to antiviruses that was saying this is as a "downloader", since clearly there is no direct/undirect downloading codes in its binary. The correct fact is, a backdoor, with the malicious verdict of: a remote attacker is pushing via TCP the binary to be executed in the compromised machine via this backdoor .
Other antivirus products named this malware with "GetShell", ...umm..well... it is about okay, since "mostly" what will be pushed via this backdoor are shell binaries, but noted: this malware is NOT making any GET action to receive that binary, it is just sitting there connecting to an IP and waiting for the push. Moreover.. the payload itself doesn't have to be a shell binary either, could be a rootkit for example, or etc badness installer, and so on..
For those antivirus products that named this malware as "ShellLoader"..sorry, it is just too different in meaning, firstly, the binary is NOT loading anything except itself, and there is no single shell is loaded too, furthermore, there is a shellloader ELF malware which is operated differently to this one, let's not mixing them, and please, do not suggest a wrong assumption to your market or customers, educate them with real technical fact instead! Come on, you can do better than this!
Congratulations to ONE product who named this correctly, you did a good work! A hat tips!
Sometimes it takes efforts to explain what actual names for this malware :-)
FYI, this is only 155 bytes of codes, lesser of that size is in shellcode bytes, mustn't be that hard to be read, specially with a good resource, manpower and budget.
I am a field fellow, I work from IDC to IDC, servers to servers, even now, my mates are all sysadmins and I am one of them, a NIX admin for 20+ years experience now, and I know them very well. And UNIX sysadmins CAN NOT AFFORD TO MAKE ANY MISTAKE, and yes, we don't. Services and daemons work are depending on us. For us, everything related to an incident like this, is technical, and we depend on and trust the technical outcome, like the names of the malware, is the first result we will see, and sysadmin's actions will be based on those names after AntiVirus scanned it (if they installed it), this is why some of us paying license fee to AntiVirus yearly, and they (AV) should not making wrong judgement nor just do a pattern matching checks only for naming a ELF malware, especially for this tiny small dangerous stuff!!
When I speak the truth advising right information and name of this malware & showing some bad namings as the output of virus cannning, what I got is a "WHAT?" from a "younger" friend in an "industry" :-(
Obviously there is no respect of the efforts of what has been done here.. :-|
READ THE CODES, Bro, your SERVER SIDE customers in the field are REALLY counting on your skill in naming of ELF malware, UNIX servers are not a PC in its management. And again, people like us are losing jobs for the hacking incident like this, while AV may "only" lose some numbers of income from a list of customer. So, sorry for I can not be NICE for this silly mistakes.
You all can judge whether I was speaking TRUTH or not when advising friend about my analysis https://t.co/84yxdogio6 pic.twitter.com/KkDUUDEyz7 — ☩MalwareMustDie (@MalwareMustDie) February 4, 2016
May☩Lord always gives strength to those who can read codes, and reveal the truth as per it is.
The sample, epilogue & follow up
The sample is in Virus Total that can be accessed in here-->[link]
I am also added the Shellshock Shellcode compiles malware to its thread in kernelmode [link]
The radare.org [link] dev team is proven rock, by only reading this post they added feature to check the ip address [link] & also adding the syscall table information [link] for FreeBSD x86-32 on Linux ELF analysis purpose.
For your information I use radare since "radare", was 1st version (used it since /usr/ports), and our team is the "official" (smile) user for so long[link] w/thank you, and keep on using it happily in all my beloved Demon clusters[link]. Please support them with improvement reports!
Thank you for your participating to the vote[link] & feedback about to this post:
NOTE: The follow up of this case will be posted in here. To be noted, there are few opcodes that might have slight different translation, please bear to some small miss (if any), and kindly inform about it, but I am sure the overall analysis is correct.
#MalwareMustDie! | analysis by @unixfreaxjp
"Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.”
☩John 8:32
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Heading for Europe is described as a "grave sin" by Islamic State
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has released a series of video productions urging Muslims not to migrate to European countries, telling them to come to IS' self-declared caliphate instead.
The clips were released through IS-linked Twitter accounts in the last few days, and are part of a co-ordinated social media campaign to convey a stark message to Muslims in the region.
The videos, which say that leaving what they call Muslim territory is a "grave sin", take advantage of the current European refugee crisis to tell prospective migrants that they can expect nothing but humiliation and exposure to immoral lifestyles should they decide to leave.
It is not the first comment from the extremist group on the refugee issue, but it is the clearest indication that IS is concerned by the numbers fleeing their rule.
'Hell-fire'
The Arabic-language videos were produced by IS "provinces" in Syria, Iraq and Yemen and released by Twitter accounts linked to the group on 16 and 17 September.
According to the propaganda videos, life is calm under the governance and "complete security" of Islamic law under IS rule - glossing over entirely the daily fighting, air strikes and zero tolerance of dissent in the group's areas in Syria and Iraq.
Image copyright IS Propaganda Image caption An armed militant explains why migrants should come to Homs in Syria
The warm welcome to newcomers is a recurring theme in propaganda videos from IS, which desperately needs to sustain a viable population in order to bolster its claim to administer an Islamic "caliphate".
On the other side of the coin, they highlight what they say is the humiliation, deprivation and discrimination experienced by refugees and migrants under the canvas tents of refugee camps in freezing conditions and warn that they would be exposed to an immoral lifestyle in Europe.
Taking advantage of the European crisis, viewers are told that thousands are making a perilous journey to Europe to no good end, and face being met with heavy-handed treatment from security forces.
The stark choice presented by the clips is made clear: Heading for Europe is described as a "grave sin", with one commentary promising "hell-fire" for deserters.
'Where are you seeking refuge?'
IS had at first remained officially silent on the refugee crisis, but recently passed comment in its English magazine, Dabiq, released on 9 September.
IS' message on refugees has been amplified through a Twitter campaign that has attracted over 31,000 posts under a hashtag that translates as "where are you seeking refuge?"
As with any Islamic State propaganda campaign, powerful imagery is used to promote the videos. Viewers are drawn to one of the clips on Twitter with images of Alan Kurdi's body, juxtaposed with those of children injured in what IS claims are allied bombing raids.
But while the videos and social media campaign promote IS with a positive image, there is no mention of the brutal penalties meted out to those who dare question IS rule.
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
This is the first study specifically estimating the proportion of new cancer cases that could be attributable to alcohol consumption in the year 2012 in Brazil. The proportion of exposed cases and the association between alcohol and lip and oral cavity, nasopharynx, other pharynx, larynx, esophagus, colorectum, female breast, liver, and intrahepatic bile ducts cancers was based on data made available by the Integrator System of Hospital Cancer Registries. The cancer incidence was obtained from the estimates produced by GLOBOCAN. In 2012 there were 437,592 new cancer cases in Brazil, excluding non-melanoma skin cancers. Of these, alcohol consumption was responsible for 4.8% of all new cases. The alcohol-attributable fraction was higher for men (7.0%) than for women (2.6%). A total of 21,000 new cancer cases, 15,554 in men and 5,646 in women, could be attributable to alcohol consumption. In Brazil, a significant fraction of cancer cases can be attributed to alcohol consumption, and public health measures to prevent heavy alcohol use should be implemented.
In the aftermath of the recent Android stagefright vulnerabilities, efficient fuzz testing techniques and tools for the Android ecosystem are again in the spotlight. In this post we would like to share some of the fuzz testing experience we have gained through our projects and show how it can be applied in the Android world. Additionally, we'll enlist some of the public contributions we've made to open source tools aiming to help the community focus more on the target and less on the tooling.
The race for unique crashes
When fuzzing campaigns are completed researchers expect to proceed with the investigation of craches & bug-triaging rather than separating duplicates and going through “garbage” information. As such every “decent” fuzzing tool or framework offers either a post-run or runtime unique crash detection logic.
While many prefer to filter unique crashes at the post-run stage, we strongly believe that it is more efficient to implement this at runtime. Especially for target environments with limited native debugging capabilities (e.g. Android OS) that require time-consuming remote analysis sessions. For example, in our initial fuzzing work against the new Android ART runtime [1], each post-run GDB-scripted analysis was costing ~6-10 seconds per crash. This is a big cost, especially when one considers the case where the same “low-hanging fruit” bug is triggered over and over again.
The most common unique crash filtering technique is to unwind the stack of the thread that triggered the abnormal behavior and use frame information to construct a signature of the crash. Depending on the fuzzing environment characteristics (OS, security controls, etc.) and target application, the available frame information might greatly vary affecting the fingerprinting logic. Hence, the decision algorithm that identifies a unique bug must cater for the above target characteristics (ASLR, sanitizer enabled builds, symbols, etc.) without requiring a manual tune or code refactoring effort per target.
Moving to the implementation details, post-run analysis tools prefer to utilize debuggers with scripting capabilities (GDB, LLDB, WinDBG, etc.) to unwind and collect frame information. Runtime analysis tools require either a built-in unwinder (e.g. libunwind) or a target-aware dynamically linked backtrace library (e.g. libbacktrace for Android OS > 5.0).
For our Android fuzzing projects, we preferred the option of a built-in unwinder in order to avoid the dependency and versioning nightmare. Balancing our limited options, we chose libunwind [2] and patched this to support Android NDK cross-compilation for arm, arm64, x86 and x86_64 CPUs. A fully Android compatible libunwind is also maintained by Google in the AOSP tree (used internally by libbacktrace) [3]. We prefer to use a vanilla upstream fork of libunwind, because this AOSP mirror contains significant changes in order to support the Android debuggerd business requirements.
Having the unwinder available at runtime, the next step was to write a frame fingerprinting algorithm that could (also) be applied to the Android OS. After a series of discussions with @_argp, @fel1x and others, the following algorithm was selected for the signature hash:
If ProcFS maps read is available
Parse target ProcFS maps
Calculate frame's relative PC
Use relative PC & file name (if region was mapped from a file) of each frame
file name (if region was mapped from a file) of each frame
Hash the first N (most important) frames to create the crash signature
If ProcFS maps read is not available
Use the last 3 nibbles of frame's PC as frame fingerprint
Hash the first N (most important) frames to create the crash signature
Relative PC and 3 least significant address nibbles ensure that in cases where disabling ASLR is not an option, hash signatures will maintain their values across runs. Additionally, it ensures that if the same binaries are loaded on different systems (e.g. different Nexus devices), the unique signatures will be valid across all devices. The number of frames that construct the signature is a trade-off that highly depends on the code structure of the target. Usually we default it to 7 frames and this appears to be a good tradeoff for most targets.
Our built-in libunwind support and parts of the signature algorithm have been contributed to the honggfuzz open source project [4] as part of the Linux Android PTRACE backend.
Blacklisting triaged crashes
The initial fuzzing campaigns usually produce crashes that to a large extent (50% — 70%) are caused by non exploitable bugs. To avoid carrying that “noise” in future campaign rounds, a blacklist file is maintained for each fuzzing target setup. We reuse the previous stack hash algorithm to assemble a list of hashes that represent non-interesting crashes. This list is then fed to the fuzzing engine which skips them if found again during the campaign.
A honggfuzz stack hash blacklisting feature has been committed here [5] and will be pushed upstream soon.
Automatic runtime reports
In highly successful fuzzing campaigns (i.e. campaigns that have identified a large number of unique crashes) there's always the dilemma of where to start the analysis from. Some have the charisma and (randomly?) pick the most promising crashes. For the rest of us, investigating additional contextual data helps a lot in the prioritization process.
Inspired by the initial honggfuzz report created by @robertswiecki we save the following information at runtime for each identified unique (and non-blacklisted) crash:
Fuzzer configuration
Fuzzing target configuration and invoking arguments
Original seed file name used to generate the test case (for mutation based cases only)
PID of crashed target process
Signal type & code
code Fault address if available (depends on the crash signal type)
Crash instruction assembly (via statically compiled libcapstone)
Stack hash signature
Full unwinded backtrace (doesn't stop on major N frames of the signature)
ProcFS maps copy if available
Register values at crashing frame
We've contributed most of our Android-specific crash reporting features to upstream honggfuzz [4].
The road towards a native fuzzing framework
In order to efficiently perform fuzz testing against Android OS systems, we developed fully native C/C++ engines (fuzzing core, data generation, etc.) that could run on target devices without requiring remote host support. Although dealing with the Android internals (debuggerd ptrace, signal masking, bionic restrictions, compatibilities, etc.) was seen as a significant cost during initial development, it was a cost that we decided to pay aiming at better results. Of course a maintenance cost will always remain, caused mainly by the Android OS evolution and vendor fragmentation. And that is one more reason towards our decision to publicly contribute part of our work, so that community feedback can (hopefully) balance it up.
Once we had a stable and robust fuzzer core to work with, we were left to develop a data generation engine that would stress test each target application. Until recently our approach was to add the target-specific data generation logic to the fuzzer core, as we didnt want to pay the cost of an additional execve() per iteration to invoke external tools.
This approach resulted into big fragmentation and significant backport cost while we were adding features to the fuzzing engine. As such we took a step back and decided to upgrade the fuzzing engine into something more modular that can easily interface with 3rd party code through extensions.
File format fuzzing (parsers, decoders, etc.) is a nice example of how researchers can benefit from the proposed extensions approach. In order to efficiently fuzz such targets, a common strategy under the mutation-based philosophy, is to apply smart mutations against the original corpus, while at the same time respecting parts of the target format structure (header metadata, CRCs, etc.). Open source libraries and public tools can be easily chained together to accomplish this task.
On the same note, native extensions are implemented by exporting a set of callbacks that will be triggered by the fuzzing engine. Callbacks are exported for the 5 main steps of a fuzzing campaign:
Initialization phase corpus pre-parsing Per fuzzing iteration data preparation
Decision on mangling algorithm
Prepare / resize data buffers
Per fuzzing iteration data mangling
Per fuzzing iteration post mangle fix-ups
Repair checksums, metadata, headers, etc.
Discard iteration if some requirements haven't been met
Crash detection post event
In case additional triaging automation is desired
Native extensions are activated at compile time. They can make use of existing codebases (libraries, parsers, header definitions, etc.) and can be maintained as standalone entities. This cuts down on the tooling cost significantly, as math libs, file parsers and other libraries available in native code can be reused.
In order to get further feedback from the community we decided to port part of this approach to the honggfuzz engine. On the master-dev branch [6] one can find a prototype implementation of the extension callbacks feature. As a proof of concept, sample PNG and DEX file format fuzzing extensions have been pushed under the extensions directory. You can follow commit logs or the “new feature” issue discussion page [7] for more details about the current state of the prototype.
Concluding remarks
At the end of the day the adoption of a fuzzing tool or fuzzing technique is really a matter of personal preference. There's a wide variety of fuzzing engines to choose from, and they still remain successful across many different targets. Having said that, we believe that for limited resource environments, such as embedded devices, researchers should not spend their time in reinventing the wheel, especially for core fuzzing functionality. Smart people should be motivated to write test case generation algorithms and targeted fuzzing templates, instead of debugging ptrace() et al. wrappers.
Through evaluation of the publicly available tools and through discussions with infosec researchers, we realized that the Android security community was lacking a generic but efficient fuzzing tool. The majority of publicly available fuzzing and triaging projects were relying on some very inefficient, fragile and hack-ish mechanisms that performed remote target execution (adb), monitoring (debuggerd over logcat) and crash data collection (tombstones). Such techniques practically void all previously discussed strategies that can be used to optimize fuzzing campaigns.
For this reason, we decided to publicly contribute to a generic fuzzing tool — honggfuzz, by way of implementing native Android OS support for the PTRACE and POSIX API architecture backends. Hopefully, Android researchers will benefit from our work, re-use the engine as a drive-in for more native tools and contribute back with ideas or identified inefficiencies / bugs.
Additionally, we're very happy to see that the Android team has started integrating the in-process LLVM libFuzzer fuzzing library in AOSP. When combined with LLVM sanitizers in the build tree, it definitely aids researchers that are focusing on the Android ecosystem.
If you would like to share your thoughts or comments with us, feel free to drop an email to the team.
References
Deadly shooting outside bank in N. Houston
Police said guards with a Dunbar armored truck were servicing two ATMs outside the bank when the armed suspect confronted them, yelling for them to give him money. One of the guards opened fire, fatally wounding the suspect. fewer Police said guards with a Dunbar armored truck were servicing two ATMs outside the bank when the armed suspect confronted them, yelling for them to give him money. One of the guards opened fire, fatally ... more Photo: Cody Duty / Houston Chronicle Photo: Cody Duty / Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 10 Captions Close Deadly shooting outside bank in N. Houston 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
A guard shot and killed a would-be robber Friday morning during an armored-truck heist outside a Bank of America in north Houston.
The shooting happened about 7:45 a.m. at 7620 N. Shepherd near Victory, according to the Houston Police Department.
Police said the suspect, whose name has not been released, died at the scene. No other injuries were reported.
Police said guards with a Dunbar armored truck were servicing two ATMs outside the bank when the armed suspect confronted them, yelling for them to give him money. One of the guards opened fire, fatally wounding the suspect.
Over the past decade, The Thermals have become the most consistent band in indie rock. Their upcoming seventh record, We Disappear, will be released on March 25 via Saddle Creek Records, and it's another fiery entry in the band's catalog. The A.V. Club is premiering “My Heart Went Cold,” appropriately timed for all of those dreading Valentine's Day, below. It's a track that makes closing off sound mighty appealing, as vocalist-guitarist Hutch Harris sings the song's title along with some infectious, “Whoa-oh_oh”s, making the song a celebration for spurned lovers everywhere. In conjunction with the new track, The Thermals have launched a contest on their Facebook page where fans can tell their worst Valentine's Day story in three sentences or fewer, entering them into a contest to win a copy of We Disappear, a T-shirt, and assorted pins and stickers.
Advertisement
It's not every day that you get to (or necessarily want to) play with a pack of wolves like cuddly puppies, but thanks to a new resort in Norway, you can.
Nå er det en fantastisk tid på å komme å besøke våre ulvevalper. Kom å få en opplevelse med den myteomspunnende ulven!... Posted by POLAR PARK Arctic Wildlife Center on Thursday, November 6, 2014
Wolf Lodge, a luxurious resort that's a part of Norway's Polar Park in Narvik, allows guests to mix and mingle with gray wolves that roam freely on their large enclosure.
SEE ALSO: Curious bears baffled by pink balloon in viral video
While this may sound a bit terrifying, the lodge's wolves are highly accustomed to being around humans and can be quite playful, according to The Telegraph.
Se her!!! Konkurranse!! Bli med å vinn et besøk hos ulvevalpene våre til en verdi på 500 kr (For å besøke våre... Posted by POLAR PARK Arctic Wildlife Center on Monday, November 10, 2014
Gray wolves in Norway are almost extinct and seven out of approximately 30 gray wolves in the entire country live on the lodge's enclosure.
See inside Wolf Lodge:
And the resort sanctuary's animal manager Stig Sletten hopes the lodge will help change the negative perception the animals have with the public.
"After people meet our wolves, they leave with a different view," Stig told The Telegraph.
This one-of-a-kind experience doesn't come cheap though, it costs about about $1,180 a night for 2 guests.
But being able to brag to your friends about kissing a wolf will be absolutely priceless!
More from AOL.com:
Adorable penguin swims 5,000 miles to visit his rescuer
Scientists discover ghostlike new octopus
Rapper takes his love for cats to the extreme
Spoiler alert: Portlandia will officially end its run after next year.
The IFC sketch series starring Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein was renewed for an eighth and final season, IFC president Jennifer Caserta announced on Saturday at the Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, California.
Created by Armisen, Brownstein, and Jonathan Krisel, Portlandia was celebrated for its send-up of eco-lefty, hipster culture in Portland, Oregon (and beyond), where it was set and filmed. Helping to put IFC on the TV comedy map, the show won a Peabody Award in 2012. It was nominated for 17 primetime Emmys, winning one for costumes in 2011. The guest roster included celebrities such as Louis C.K., Kirsten Dunst, Roseanne Barr, Aubrey Plaza, Jason Sudeikis, and Eddie Vedder, as well as recurring guests Kyle MacLachlan, Chloe Sevigny, Jeff Goldblum, Kumail Nanjiani, and Steve Buscemi.
The news is now official, but not surprising: Armisen had said this past fall that season 8 would be the last “in this iteration.”
“There are very few shows that can be credited with both establishing and helping to define a television network, and that's exactly what Portlandia has done for IFC,” said IFC's Caserta in a statement. “It has been at the heart of our ‘slightly-off' comedy programming strategy since its inception. It is a joy and a privilege to work with Fred, Carrie, Jon, [executive producer] Lorne Michaels, and everyone at Broadway Video to create a show that was prescient in its satirization of modern culture while having a sensibility and state of mind that has only become more prevalent across its run. Only table dining, binge-watching, a TSA red carpet or the pitiful plight of men would have on society. But all good things must come to an end, and we very much look forward to season 8 or as Bryce Shivers and Lisa Eversman might say… put a bird on it!”
The show's seventh season is currently airing.
For fans saddened by the news, just remember: The best part is going home.
In the last 13 seasons, the Cubs, Red Sox, White Sox, and Giants have won the World Series. Those four teams combined for 334 collective years of championship drought, and all four title-less stretches were among the 10 longest in baseball history. It's been a good millennium for traditionally cursed teams.
Now you feel bad for the Indians again. That's OK. Run with that feeling. We already knew that Game 7 was going to be one of the cruelest Game 7s in sports history. And, well, shoot, look at that. It sure was. The Indians are clearly alone at the top of the list of tortured fan bases.
Or are they? The Indians have gone 68 years without a championship ... but they have a championship. Right now, there's a person who remembers going to a Indians World Series game in 1948. There's also a person who remembers going to the Astros' home opener in 1962. Both people are probably thinking the same thing right now.
Dang, my back hurts.
Because they're old, see? The difference between 1948 and 1962 is significant, sure, but it was still a long, long, long time ago. There are more than a few Astros fans who've been waiting 55 years for a championship. Or a single World Series win, for that matter. They don't want to listen to Indians fans complain right now.
Now that the Cubs are gone, then, it's time to figure out which teams have the most championship-drought street cred. We'll need to sort these teams in tiers, because not all championship droughts are created equal.
Tier 1: The Indians
Still the champs at not being the champs. They have the longest drought still, technically, at 68 years and counting. That they won a World Series nearly seven decades ago doesn't allow other teams to zoom past them. I root for a terrible sports team that's won a championship since I could drive (49ers, 1994), and it feels like it was seven decades ago. Another 50 years of disappointment would make me dizzy.
It's the Indians. Accept no substitutes and argue about the teams below them.
Tier 2: The single-city team that has never won a pennant
The Astros were around for 15 seasons before the Mariners showed up. Their championship drought was a surly teenager by the time the Mariners had their very first moment of existential dread. Thus, it could be said that the Astros should have the bigger gripe against the universe.
Except this happened:
The Astros didn't win another game that season, but that's not the point. For a night, for a couple nights, there was the kind of hope that a baseball town can't buy. After watching a team more than 100-plus games, all they needed was for them to win four more, and it felt so very possible. There's nothing like the way a city buzzes right before the World Series.
The Mariners have won three postseason series in their existence, and they've won a total of five American League Championship Series games in three tries. It would have been cooler to win four of those games in the same season.
Tier 3: The single-city team that has never won a World Series
We're talking microscopic differences in overall pain, though. Serious nitpicking. The Astros have still dealt with a lot of disappointment, and they get to complain about it. Winning a single pennant in 2005 doesn't change that.
The Padres have been around since 1969, playing in the same city, continually sinking into the same soggy marsh of sadness and nihilism. Consider their all-time team of greats compared to their all-time team of wish-we-kept-'em players:
Roberto Alomar still leads the Padres in WAR for second basemen. He was traded when he was 22.
While the Padres have two pennants, the Cubs' win puts the Padres in the conversation of the hardest of the hard-luck baseball teams. Do they care that the Padres have been around for seven more years? Do they care that the Mariners haven't even won a pennant at all? They do not. They're not even going to feel sorry for the Indians.
Tier 3 ... and-a-half: The teams with multiple cities, zero championships ... but they've been in the same city for a long time
Just because the Rangers moved from Washington in 1972, they're somehow less frustrated than the Padres? And the Brewers played only one season in Seattle. They should be in the tier just above this. Those first-city histories are like a first marriage when you're 18. They totally don't count. This logic makes no sense.
Except these teams are docked some pain points because they made another city horrifically sad. Seattle didn't know if they would ever have a baseball team again. Washington waited 33 years to get another one. These teams have championship droughts, but their cities should be somewhat grateful they've had a team for the last few decades.
Don't mean to franchise-shame, here. It just feels a little odd to put the Rangers on the same tier as the Astros and Padres, counting their time in Washington. It's odd, but it's a virtual tie. And it certainly isn't as odd as ...
Tier 4: The Nationals, who are almost an expansion team, but not quite
Point: Are the Nationals going to have a ceremony to honor Tim Raines when he's inducted into the Hall of Fame? Do they give out a bobblehead for him? Considering he probably never swung a bat in Washington in his life, isn't that rather odd? The Nationals honored Andre Dawson, so I suppose that's just what they're expected to do. Still, the Expos are the Expos, and it's far easier to imagine that they were contracted and replaced with an expansion team in the same year.
Counterpoint: Washington has a long, long history of baseball, and most of it is sad. If they can't claim the Expos, they can claim the proto-Rangers and proto-Twins, and the last time a Washington baseball team won a postseason series, Walter Johnson got the win. There were 47 seasons between the last postseason victory and baseball leaving Washington. That's a drought, alright.
Point: Listen, that's great, but the Nationals don't get to claim a sad legacy. The city, sure, but if they really wanted to fold the Expos into their history, they wouldn't have put statues of Walter Johnson and Frank Howard (technically Twins and Rangers greats, respectively) outside of their ballpark.
Counterpoint: oh god what is that
Point: It's from 1924, when Walter Johnson won the World Series by transforming into a giant truck and defeating Megatron on the dark side of the moon. Anyway, the point is that the Nationals don't get to claim the Expos' legacy of expansion- and strike-related misery, but the city still has a championship drought going, and that counts for something.
I'll put them just below the Astros, Padres, Rangers, and Brewers, but maybe I'm undercounting the fans who lived and died with the Senators and are now doing the same with the Nationals.
Tier 5: The expansion teams
In retrospect, it's still awfully unfair of the Marlins and Diamondbacks to win World Series before any of the expansion teams up there did. The Rockies and Rays were much more patient, and they've been karmically rewarded for that patience. Or, at least, they will be. Any day now. Yep. Any day now, they'll be rewarded for their patience.
Still, they've each won a pennant, which means their fans can't be as surly or dead inside as Mariners fans. They haven't won a World Series, either, but other teams have a couple decades or more of not-winning-the-World-Series experience.
So here the Rockies and Rays are, in limbo, with a championship drought that's both substantial and insubstantial at the same time. They deserve your support as underdogs, if you're into that sort of thing. Just not as much as six or seven other teams.
Tier 6: The old teams in a championship-free funk
Here be Pirates. And Dodgers. And Orioles. And Tigers. Heck, throw the A's on there. These are all original teams that haven't won a championship in decades. There are adults with children and mortgages who haven't been alive for a World Series win from any of those teams. That qualifies as a drought.
Video games looked like this when the Dodgers last won the World Series, for example.
So, yes, the Dodgers and their fans get to complain a bit.
Tier 7: The teams that won in the ‘90s, but haven't won since
This would be the Twins, Braves, Reds, and Blue Jays. It's been a while. You can cram a lot of disappointment into 20 or 25 years. But they can't compete with the teams that have never won. They can't even compete with the newfangled expansion teams. They have their Joe Carter and Kirby Puckett bobbleheads watching over them as they sleep. They're doing OK.
Kind of. This is roughly where the Indians were around the time of 10 Cent Beer Night, and things got much worse for them before they got better. The rule of thumb is that if the last World Series win came before Turner Field was built, it counts as a drought.
Tier 8: The rest of them
This isn't to suggest that the White Sox are on even footing with the Yankees when it comes to grousing about championship droughts. The Yankees and their fans don't get to complain about anything for at least 30 years, if not much longer.
Still, the majority of baseball fans don't want to hear about the White Sox and their 11-season championship drought. That isn't that long ago. Baseball, basketball, football, college wrestling ... nope. Doesn't matter. If it happened in the 21st century, it's not a drought.
With that, it's time to update the Tortured Fan Base Index. Remember that this is an official, inarguable ranking. It goes something like this:
Indians Mariners Padres Astros Rangers Brewers Nationals Rockies Rays Pirates Orioles Tigers Mets Dodgers A's Reds Twins Blue Jays Braves White Sox Angels Royals Phillies Cubs Diamondbacks Marlins Red Sox Giants Cardinals Yankees
If you want to put the Cubs at No. 30, that's fine. I'll allow it. Just don't expect sympathy for any of the teams currently below them any time soon. We have at least two more championships worth of getting tired of the Cubs until they turn into the Red Sox or Giants.
This is the new baseball landscape. It's the Indians at the top, a bunch of sad expansion teams from the ‘60s and ‘70s, a couple of oddballs, some old teams on hard times, and everyone else. Just remember the Indians at the top, and you'll do fine.
A poster on new campaign by the California Department of Public Health through its social media sites and its new website “Still Blowing Smoke” (http://stillblowingsmoke.org/) apparently has fallen flat on its face as hundreds of comments poured in to support E-cigarettes and “vaping”, which refers to the act of inhaling E-cigarette vapor.
The particular poster and graphic , which features a nicotine delivery device, is shown with vapor coming out of its battery end instead of the mouthpiece, and erroneously mixing up “vapor” and “aerosol” as one and the same. Vapor is produced by applying heat to liquid (“vaporization”), aerosol is achieved using a propellant such as compressed air, examples of which are deodorant sprays and air fresheners). Vaporization is the method used in E-cigarettes. This is evidence that the people behind the campaign, or at least the person(s) in charge of creating and marketing these posters may be lacking education of what they are campaigning against.
Hundreds of comments on the poster range from outrage to just plain silliness. However, people who claim to be ex-smokers and have successfully quit traditional smoking, giving credit to E-cigarettes are hard to ignore.
Facebook user Darla M. says: “Im 57 years old, smoked for 40 years, 2 years 3 months smoke free because of e-cigarettes, #IAMPROOF #Vapingsavedmylife. NO more out of breath, NO more COPD symptoms, NO more coughing all day. Getting your information from junk science is your fault. Look at the real truthful science and studies.”
While Facebook user Luci K. says, “I switched from smoking to vaping 2 years ago. Since then I breathe much easier, my sense of smell is now wonderful, my sense of taste has returned. My blood pressure has gone down, I've lost 30 pounds, I can take my dogs for a walk without getting short of breath, I can now also climb stairs without having to stop and catch my breath. My heart rate has gone from rapid and erratic to a slower and more regular rate. This was after being a 4 pack a day smoker for 50 years. Smoking was killing me, but when I switched, there is such a huge improvement in my health and life. Vaping is 1500 times safer than the 3000+ toxins in cigarettes. I'm living proof that vaping works. I have come from having to use a nebulizer 3 times a day along with 3 inhalers and a pill to help my lungs function to one inhaler a day, no nebulizer and no pill.”
The people behind the website and Facebook page were apparently overwhelmed by the negative response, prompting them to post the following:
Dear Facebook community, We have received quite the response to the launch of our new public health campaign! We know our campaign is effective in reaching people when we receive this kind of engagement. We have seen some common questions come up and are going to be providing answers to those questions soon. Stay tuned over the next few days, and join the conversation!
Opponents of E-cigarettes and vaping themselves say that there have been little studies made on the dangers of E-cigarettes and vaping. But on the same token, studies on the benefits are also lacking.
The opening salvo has been fired and it may take many years to find out what real deal is. However, it is apparent that it is helping smokers quit the traditional cigarette, and maybe worth looking from that angle instead.
A copy of the poster is below:
If you are trying to quit smoking, here are a few resources:
Happy 10th Birthday Django!
10 years ago, just before lunch on July 13, 2005, Jacob Kaplan-Moss made the first commit to the public repository that would become Django. This was followed by a series of commits by Adrian Holovaty importing from the private repository where Django had lived up to that point.
I don't think anyone could have predicted what would happen in the 10 years that followed that commit. The project has grown from a handful of developers working in Lawrence, Kansas, to an international team of contributors. The leadership team has moved from 2 BDFLs to a large group, with elected leaders. We've established the not-for-profit Django Software Foundation to steward the future of the framework, and to raise funds. Those funds have been used to help the community grow, and to pay the salary of a Django Fellow to keep on top of contributions.
There are three dedicated DjangoCon conferences (in the US, Europe and Australia) held around the world every year, and countless Django-focussed user groups and smaller events all over the world. These events attract hundreds of attendees. There is also strong Django presence at PyCons and other Python meetups.
The community has also become a leader in social change. We've adopted a Code of Conduct and a Diversity policy to address issues of harassment and diversity in our community. These policies are now being adopted by many other projects, often using Django's policies as a template. These policies are also backed up by actions - events like DjangoGirls directly address issues of diversity in our community.
And, of course, Django continues to be the very best web framework choice for Perfectionists with Deadlines.
Only a fool would try to predict what the next 10 years will hold. The web of 2005 is very different to the web of 2015; we can only imagine what the web of 2025 will look like. But I have no doubt that whatever the outcome, Django will still be there, helping developers turn their dreams into a digital reality.
Happy 10th birthday, Django!
How many shell companies exist in Canada? How many legal trusts? Who are the beneficial owners protected by such unnecessary veils of secrecy? No one knows, because in most cases there is no legal requirement to disclose actual ownership even to regulators. In fact, more information is required to get a library card than to set up a company in most jurisdictions in Canada.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
What we do know is that Canada ranks near the bottom among our OECD partners in terms of corporate disclosure requirements to fight money laundering and tax evasion. A recent report from Transparency International detailed the dismal situation and why our country has become a haven for dubious offshore property speculation.
“The Canadian government must take immediate steps to require all companies and trusts in the country to identify their beneficial owners to ensure Canada does not become a haven for corrupt capital,” warns Transparency International Canada executive director Alesia Nahirny.
Canada is one of the few developed countries that does not require the identities of company directors to be verified, or any information on shareholders. In most provinces it is legal to use “nominee” directors or shareholders without disclosing that they are acting on someone else's behalf.
A nominee is essentially a sock puppet — the proverbial student or homemaker often listed as the title owner of some of Canada's most expensive homes. Why would someone list a multi-million dollar property in someone else's name? Some plausible reasons include to avoid taxes or to launder money. This practice remains completely and inexplicably legal in most parts of our painfully polite country.
Lawyers can also act as nominee directors, offering their clients an additional level of secrecy under solicitor client privilege unavailable in most other countries. A ruling from the Supreme Court of Canada in 2015 exempted lawyers and their firms from important parts of the Proceeds of Crime and Terrorist Financing Act, further widening the yawning loopholes in our laws meant to fight money laundering. According to an international oversight body, the Financial Action Task Force of which Canada is a member, “the legal profession in Canada is especially vulnerable to misuse.”
Toronto lawyer Simon Rosenfeld was secretly taped in 2002 during a meeting in a Miami bar with an undercover RCMP officer, who was posing as a member of a Columbian drug cartel needing money-laundering services. According to the officer's testimony, after exchanging a token dollar to cement solicitor-client secrecy, Rosenfeld bragged that moving illegal funds through Canada was “20 times” easier than the U.S., where arrest and convictions are much more likely. He described the Canadian enforcement regime as “la la land” and said that five other lawyers in Vancouver laundered $200,000 per month through trust accounts for a seven per cent commission.
The transcript of this conversation did not endear Rosenfeld to the jury during his prosecution and he was sentenced to three years in jail. He appealed the conviction and the higher court judge increased his sentence to five years. This rare successful enforcement provides some fleeting schadenfreude, but Rosenfeld's seasoned and sad assessment of “la la land” continues to ring true.
Legal black boxes
Millions of legal trusts are estimated to exist in Canada, but there is no way of knowing since there is no requirement for them to be registered or file any record of their existence — again an outlier among other countries. They are supposed to file information on assets and trustees with the Canada Revenue Agency but only a small fraction actually do.
A trust is the consummate legal black box. Considered a mere private contract under Canadian law, trusts do not need to keep records on beneficial owners, let alone file such documents with the federal government. Trustees can conduct transactions without disclosing their role as go-betweens, making it difficult or impossible for financial institutions to comply with money laundering regulations. To our international embarrassment, the Financial Action Task Force found in 2016 that Canada was less than fully compliant in 29 out of 40 anti-money laundering measures and “non-compliant” regarding transparency and beneficial ownership of such legal arrangements.
Vancouver, Let's Stand Up to Moneyed Interests of Real Estate read more
Real estate in Vancouver and Toronto is where the rubber really hits the road on these national regulatory failings. Transparency International looked at the title documents for the 100 most expensive homes in the Lower Mainland and unsurprisingly found a sampling of all these methods to conceal the beneficial owners. Twenty-nine properties were held by Canadian or offshore shell companies, 11 were owned by nominees with no obvious source of income, six more were held by trusts. In total, 49 of these luxury estates collectively worth more than $1 billion had opaque ownership.
Canada's lax legal oversight coupled with a decades-long public policy effort to incentivize wealthy citizenship has turned Vancouver into a global hedge city. Like London, New York and San Francisco, Vancouver's luxury properties have become a favoured place to stash cash for the world's wealthiest.
According to professor David Ley at the University of British Columbia, Canada effectively sold Canadian citizenships to rich offshore investors through the now-cancelled Business Immigration Program. Ley described the scheme during a lecture last September, detailing how up to 200,000 of the world's wealthiest may have arrived in the Lower Mainland as a result of these public policy efforts, inflating property values and contributing to our current housing woes.
According to Ley, Canada's BIP was heavily oversubscribed because Canada was selling citizenships for far below the international market rate compared to other countries with similar citizenship-for sale incentive programs. In the U.S., candidates had to invest $1,000,000 and employ up to 10 Americans before being granted citizenship. In Canada, investors only had to loan provincial governments $800,000 to be paid back in full after five years. This come-and-get-it attitude towards passports and global capital seems sadly similar to other national assets such as natural resources, but I digress.
Besides ballooning our housing prices, was there a net economic benefit to this citizenship fire sale? According to Ley, the federal immigration database showed that “of all immigration streams to Canada, the Business Immigration Program led to the lowest declared incomes, lower even than refugees.” This was in part because wealthy offshore investors are so skillful at avoiding taxation coupled with a shocking lack of enforcement from the CRA.
Defending against dubious lucre
What can Canada do to clean up this mess and avoid becoming an even more desirable destination for dubious global lucre? A low-cost first step would be to require all Canadian companies and trusts to declare beneficial owners and publish this information on a public searchable registry. The United Kingdom brought in such a system in 2016 to improve in law enforcement and tax collection, which will more than cover the cost of implementation.
Transparency International has several other practical suggestions that are also supported by the banking sector and law enforcement:
Beneficial ownership should be listed on all land title documents, ideally retroactively.
Corporate registries should have the resources and requirement to accurately identify directors and shareholders
The federal government should require all sectors — including real estate agents — to identify beneficial owners before transactions are conducted.
Besides money launderers, tax evaders and criminals, who could possibly oppose these sensible and long overdue reforms? Is the Trudeau government going to act quickly to plug these gapping holes and bring our country in line with the global fight against illicit capital? The recent cash-for-access events with wealthy offshore investors provide a telling opportunity to see on whose behalf Trudeau is acting. The whole country is watching.
Actors Jin Goo and Kim Ji Won are looking lovely in a teaser photo for their guest appearance on SBS' variety show “Running Man.”
On April 27, SBS teased fans about this week's episode via the official Instagram of “Running Man” by revealing a photo taken of the “Descendants of the Sun” stars during the recently held filming.
Wearing cute spring-ready pieces, Jin Goo and Kim Ji Won give off a couple vibe in their almost matching outfits. Smiling and radiating positive energy, they appear excited about their first variety show appearance together.
This episode of “Running Man” featuring guests Jin Goo, Kim Ji Won, David McInnis, and Cosmic Girls' Eunseo will air on May 1 at 6:25 p.m. KST.
Will you be tuning in for this week's episode of “Running Man”?
Source (1)
Every NFL offseason there comes a period of time where the NBA is rolling through free agency, handing out massive contracts to some questionable players. Things like "Brook Lopez is making the same amount as Drew Brees" happen and NFL players get all kinds of miffed about it.
It's hard to blame the players, because NBA contracts, like those in baseball, are fully guaranteed. NFL contracts? Not so much.
Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman, who is unafraid to speak up on social issues, believes players need to "be willing to strike" if they want to get the kind of contracts that NBA players get in free agency.
"Oh, 100 percent," Sherman said on ESPN before the ESPY's. "If we want as the NFL, as a union, to get anything done, players have to be willing to strike. That's the thing that guys need to 100 percent realize.
"You're going to have to miss games, you're going to have to lose some money if you're willing to make the point, because that's how MLB and NBA got it done. They missed games, they struck, they flexed every bit of power they had, and it was awesome. It worked out for them."
Sherman isn't necessarily wrong. It will very likely require a strike for NFL players to get bigger contracts. But there are some built-in problems here that can't necessarily just be addressed at an interview on the ESPYs red carpet.
For starters, it is substantially harder for the entire NFL players union to organize a strike than it is for other sports. There are 53-man rosters to start the season and there is a middle class of veteran players who might be less than enthused about missing a bunch of paychecks in order to help out the greater good. Put another way: it is much easier for a guy who has a huge contract to suggest missing paychecks. Everyone has to be willing to miss out on that money and convincing everyone to do that would be difficult.
Secondly, there is the matter of how contracts would be adjusted if they were fully guaranteed. NFL players assume they would immediately receive the same contracts they have now, albeit with fully guaranteed money across the board. That's not the case at all. NFL teams will not give players five-year contracts that are fully guaranteed. The injury risk is too great and the slope is too slippery in terms of skill level dropping off in the NFL.
NBA teams are constantly fighting the issues that come with massive contracts that turned out to be a disaster. Look at the Hornets this offseason, being willing to take on Dwight Howard in exchange for Miles Plumlee, who inexplicably was given a four-year, $50 million contract by Charlotte previously. The Howard trade was good for the Hornets but only because they dumped that disaster of a Plumlee deal.
As it is in the NFL right now, teams can get out of these deals and move on from players who drop off in terms of skill level. The teams in the league aren't simply going to keep handing out the same contracts just because they're fully guaranteed, not with a hard salary cap. There is a larger point here about the NFL liking parity and the problems that massive contracts could cause as well.
In short, yes, NFL players probably need to be willing to miss games if they want to get better contracts. But it is going to be really difficult for that to happen in the first place, and the result might not be quite as exciting as the players hope it would be.
By Andrew L. Seidel
Staff Attorney
Freedom From Religion Foundation
Thrilling Christian conservative audience, Trump vows to lift ban on politicking, appoint antiabortion judges
That recent Washington Post headline is raising an issue that FFRF confronts regularly, one we've even sued the IRS over: church politicking. Given the news coverage, it's worth revisiting some of the reasons why this “ban” exists.
The law is simple: Tax-exempt organizations, including churches, cannot engage in politicking and retain their tax-exemption.
Tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organizations may either maintain neutrality and stay tax-exempt or endorse candidates and pay taxes. The choice is theirs. As the law stands, religious leaders are free to endorse whomever they choose, so long as they do so on their own time in their capacity as citizens, not from the pulpit and not as church officials using church resources. This rule is known as the Johnson Amendment, after Lyndon B. Johnson, the Texas senator and later president who helped pass the law in 1954.
FFRF is incorporated as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. As such, it cannot endorse or oppose any particular candidate for any office. At FFRF, we work to ensure churches comply with this law, reporting churches that violate this rule to the IRS. FFRF attorneys just sent the IRS letters about Hillary Clinton campaigning at churches that endorsed her during services.
Read more: Our IRS letters about St. Stephen and Canaan Christian Churches.
This rule is not a burden on free speech or religious free exercise. Tax exemption is not a right, but a privilege—a privilege that comes with strings attached. The government is not required to extend tax exemptions. Churches and nonprofits give up certain rights in return for the substantial benefit of tax exemption. The point of nonprofits is to provide educational and charitable services. Their resources are supposed to be directed toward the betterment of society as a whole, not partisan politics. That's why they are exempt in the first place.
Religion and politics are a dangerous mix. James Madison wrote, “to employ religion as an engine of civil policy” was “an unhallowed perversion of the means of salvation.” He also said, “Religion and government will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.”
Without the Johnson Amendment, official church doctrine could include which candidate congregants must vote for. The most pernicious aspect of church-politicking is the power which religious leaders hold over the mind of the individual. Willing churchgoers could be excommunicated for failing to adhere to church voting doctrine or, far worse, a congregant might believe they will suffer eternal torture if they vote for the “wrong” candidate.
The pressure churches would be able to exert — spiritual blackmail would not be an inappropriate term here — would forever alter our political system. Elections would cease to be about ideas and become pandering to churches for souls/votes.
Not only would the law legalize electoral coercion, it would subsidize it. Tax-exempt entities are in essence taxpayer-subsidized. Citizens pay more taxes because tax-exempt organizations pay none. They have a free ride on the taxpayer's back. Without the Johnson Amendment, 501(c)(3)s would quickly become unaccountable, unregulated PACs.
Additionally, if this amendment were not in place, serious financial issues for churches and the government would erupt. Churches are exempted from reporting any financial information to the IRS, unlike all other tax-exempt charities. Churches are a financial black hole. Money goes in and nobody knows what happens to it. Church donations could and would be siphoned into political campaigns with absolutely no accountability to anyone.
We do not want office seekers beholden to churches. Our godless Constitution establishes a secular government, and if officials in that government are required to pander to churches, the wall of separation will be quickly dismantled.
There is nothing else preventing churches from getting involved in politics. But they shouldn't expect us to pay for it. The choice is theirs: tax exemption or political power. Given the greed of American churches, I can understand why they want both. But our secular republic relies on keeping this amendment intact.
FFRF is a 501(c)(3) non profit organization and is prohibited by federal tax law from being seen as endorsing or opposing any particular candidate for office. Nothing in this post is endorsing any candidate. FFRF is dedicated to keeping state and church separate and educating about nontheism. We depend on member support, please join today.
More than a century from now, on current trends, today's concentration of CO2 in the air will have doubled. How much warming will that cause? The official prediction, 1.5-4.5 Celsius degrees per CO2 doubling, is proving a substantial exaggeration.
Professor William Happer of Princeton, one of the world's foremost physicists, says computer models of climate rely on the assumption of the CO2's direct warming effect that is about a factor two higher, owing to incorrect representation of the microphysical interactions of CO2 molecules with other infrared photons.
As if that were not bad enough, the official story is that feedbacks triggered by direct warming roughly triple it, causing not 1 but 3 degrees' warming per CO2 doubling. Here, too, the official story is a significant exaggeration, as Professor Richard Lindzen of MIT, the world's most knowledgeable climatologist, has demonstrated.
The wild exaggerations of both the direct CO2 warming and the supposedly more serious knock-on warming are rooted in an untruth: the falsehood that scientists know enough about how clouds form, how thunderstorms work, how air and ocean currents flow, how ice sheets behave, how soot in the air behaves.
In truth, we do not understand climate enough to make even an uneducated guess about how much global warming our adding CO2 to the air will cause. Other things being equal, we will cause some warming, but – on measurements to date – not much.
The national science academies and the UN's climate panel have profitably contrived what the late Stephen Schneider called “scary scenarios” on the basis of inadequate knowledge. Etatiste politicians and bureaucrats have gone along with them.
A quarter of a century has passed since the panel first predicted how fast the world would warm. Measurements since then show the predictions were much overblown. But don't take it from us. Ask any climatologist the following ten killer questions.
1: Where has the warming that the surface thermometer datasets now say has occurred in the past 18 years come from?
The official theory is that photons interacting with CO2 molecules in the upper air give off heat that warms that air, which warms the lower air, which warms the surface.
Yet the two satellite datasets show no global warming of the lower air for almost 19 of the 21 years of annual UN global-warming conferences. Even if CO2 had warmed the upper air as predicted (and the satellites show it has not), that warming could not have reached the surface through lower air that has not warmed. If the surface has warmed in the past couple of decades, as the surface datasets now pretend, CO2 cannot have been the cause.
In 2006 the late Professor Robert Carter, a down-to-earth geologist who considered global warming a non-problem, wrote in the Daily Telegraph that in eight full years (1998-2005), the Hadley Centre's global temperature dataset showed no global warming at all.
Yet that dataset, which, like all the surface datasets, was recently adjusted to deliver the global warming that measurements did not show, now indicates a warming trend over those same eight years at a rate equivalent to more than 1.5 degrees/century.
2: Why, two years ago, did every surface temperature dataset agree with the satellites that there had been no global warming this millennium, and why, though the two satellites continue to show little or no warming, was every surface dataset altered in the two years preceding the Paris climate conference in a manner calculated to show significant warming?
3: Why do all the datasets, surface as well as satellite, show a lot less warming than predicted?
Why, even after the numerous questionable adjustments to the surface temperature datasets, has the rate of warming over the past quarter of a century been only one-third to one-half of the central prediction made by the UN's climate panel in its 1990 First Assessment Report?
The startling temperature clock shows the UN panel's 1990 predictions as orange and red zones meeting at the red needle representing its then central prediction that by now there should have been global warming equivalent to 2.8 degrees/century.
But the blue needles, representing the warming reported by the three much-altered surface tamperature datasets, show little more than half that warming. The green needles, representing the satellite datasets, show only a third of what the UN had predicted with “substantial confidence” in 1990.
4: Why is the gap between official over-prediction and observed reality getting wider?
An updated temperature clock shows the warming the UN's panel predicted in its 2001 Third Assessment Report, compared with measured warming from then till 2015. The measured warming rate, represented by the green zone, is manifestly less than the warming rate since 1990, even though CO2 concentration has risen throughout.
5: Why is the gap between warming rates measured by satellite and surface datasets widening?
It is legitimate to infer that the surface datasets have been altered to try to bring the reported warming closer to the failed but (for now) still profitable predictions.
6: Why should anyone invest trillions on the basis of official predictions in 1990 and in 2001 that differ so greatly?
Plainly, this is not the “settled science” we were told it was.
7: Why has the observed rate of warming, on all datasets, been tumbling for decades notwithstanding predictions that it would at least remain stable?
One-third of all Man's supposed warming influence on climate since 1750 has occurred since the late 1990s, yet satellites show scarce a flicker of global warming in close to 19 years. And the rate of warming from 1950 to the present is lower than the rate from 1950 to any previous year in the past half-century.
Not only the amount but also the pattern of warming fails to match predictions. To the nearest tenth of one per cent, there is no CO2 in the air. Yet the UN's panel said in 2007 that CO2 would warm the upper air 6 miles above the tropical surface at twice or thrice the surface rate. That tropical mid-troposphere “hot-spot” (one of us gave it its name) was, we were told, the undeniable fingerprint of manmade global warming. The existence of the hot-spot would prove manmade warming.
8: So, where is the missing tropical upper-air hot-spot?
Satellites do not show it. Millions of measurements taken by balloon-borne radiosondes do not show it. Why, if warming is manmade, has there been very little difference between measured surface and upper-air warming rates for decades?
Just as it is officially predicted that CO2-driven warming will be greatest in the upper air, which will in turn warm the surface, so it is predicted that the near-surface air will warm the ocean surface, which will warm the deeps.
Yet measurements from more than 3600 automated buoys throughout the ocean that dive down a mile and a quarter and take detailed temperature and salinity profiles every ten days show that the deeper strata are warming faster than the near-surface strata.
9: Why, if CO2-driven warming ought to warm the surface ocean first, is the ocean warming from below? And why has the ocean been warming throughout the 11 full years of the ARGO dataset at a rate equivalent to only 1 degree every 430 years?
As Hal Doiron, a NASA thermal engineer, bluntly puts it: “When I look at the ocean I see one of the largest heat-sinks in the solar system. While the ocean endures there can't be much manmade global warming.” And he had to get his heat calculations right or astronauts died.
Believers have silenced serious and legitimate scientific questions such as these by an organized, well-funded and remarkably vicious campaign of personal vilification against anyone who dares to ask any question, however polite or justifiable, about the Party Line. Most scientists, politicians and journalists have learned that they will have a quieter life if they just drift along with what most scientists privately concede is sheer exaggeration.
Believers also insist there is a “consensus” that manmade global warming is likely to prove dangerous.
10: Given that the authors of the largest ever survey of peer-reviewed opinion in learned papers marked only 64 of 11,944 papers, or 0.5%, as stating they agreed with the official “consensus” proposition that recent warming was mostly manmade, on what rational, evidence-based, scientific ground is it daily asserted that “97% of scientists” believe recent global warming is not only manmade but dangerous?
Millions die worldwide every year because they do not have cheap, clean, continuous, low-tech, coal-fired power. Given the growing and now flagrant discrepancies between prediction and observation that we have revealed here for the first time, the moral case for defunding the profiteers of climate doom and redeploying the money to give coal-fired light and heat to the world's poorest people is overwhelming.
We are killing millions today with the scientifically baseless aim of saving thousands who are not at risk the day after tomorrow.
[oldembed width="425" height="300" src="https://cloudfront.mediamatters.org/static/flash/pl55.swf" flashvars="config=http://mediamatters.org/embed/cfg3?f=/static/clips/2011/10/24/20863/fnc-ontherecord-20090624-sanford.flv" resize="1" fid="10"]
Happy Appalachian Trails to you!
On Friday, Fox News confirmed that they had hired former Gov. Mark Sanford (R-SC) as a paid contributor. The move that could make things slightly awkward at the network. During their coverage of the affair that tarnished Sanford's political future, Fox News hosts and contributors labeled their new coworker (among other things) a "serial liar," a "laughingstock," and an "early brain donor."
During the June 24, 2009, broadcast of On the Record with Greta Van Susteren, Van Susteren bristled at her guest referring to Sanford as having "misled" people, clarifying that "it's lying. I mean, misled is a nice word, but the guy lied. He lied to his constituents. He lied to his staff. He lied to his wife, not on just one occasion. It's multiple - I mean, he's a serial liar." (And now he can lie to Fox viewers.)
Superannuation: Using your retirement pool for housing? Don't even think about it
Updated
Let's get straight to the point: superannuation is for your retirement income, nothing else.
The Federal Government finally recognised that last year with its commendable changes to super to stop the wealthy using it as an estate planning tool to leave millions of dollars to their children.
Lose your super, lose your retirement dreams
In reality, the wealthy don't need super.
You and I do, though.
From July 1, $1.6 million will be the maximum amount allowed in the retirement phase of super, which will provide an income of around $80,000 a year, assuming your fund earns 5 per cent a year.
So, as the debate about using superannuation to help fund the purchase of increasingly out-of-reach houses in Sydney and Melbourne continues, let's have a look at the facts.
Lose your super and you lose your retirement dreams of living near the sea, joining the grey army and travelling the outback, cruising down the Seine, or whatever else you couldn't do while working.
You'll be living on the aged pension, which is about $23,000 a year for a single person and $34,000 for a couple.
Enough to buy food, pay the basic bills and maybe run a dilapidated car, if you own your own house, but not much more.
According to the Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia, for what they call a "comfortable" retirement, a single person will need $39,000 a year and a couple $54,000.
That will allow luxuries like holidays, eating out, better clothes, a better car and so on.
Even on $54,000 for a couple though, that sort of lifestyle will be tight.
To fulfil your retirement ambitions you may need more.
The nuts and bolts of super are that there are two things that drive it - tax breaks and compounding - and it's the compounding where your retirement income can be turbocharged.
Compounding is interest on interest.
To give a simple example, if you have $100 and earn 10 per cent interest you'll have $110 at the end of the year.
The following year you'll earn 10 per cent of $110 ($100 + the $10 interest from last year) which is $11, and so it goes on, with the interest on the interest, or the compounding, meaning you earn more every year and your balance grows faster.
Of course, with super, you're increasing the capital by at least 9.5 per cent of your salary every year, which helps that compounding process.
$54,000 a year retirement means saving $1m over working life
Now let's really crunch the numbers.
Using the peak superannuation body, ASFA's, figures, to achieve an income of $54,000 a year in the current investment environment where a return of around 5 per cent a year is all you can realistically hope for, you will need to save $1,080,000 over the course of your working life.
The lower the rate of return, the tougher that goal becomes and, yes, there will be years when your fund will earn a lot more than 5 per cent, but there'll be years when it will earn a lot less.
With interest rates still exceptionally low (although rising) and inflation almost non-existent; with financial markets and the property market looking increasingly like they're poised for a major correction; and with so much uncertainty around the global economy, it would be a brave person to predict regular high returns in their super fund on a regular basis any time soon.
So if you use your superannuation to pay for a house and the bottom falls out of the housing market, your retirement is going to be behind the eight ball.
Even if house prices continue their upward momentum you may have to downsize on retirement because you will have robbed yourself of the benefits of that compounding I spoke about earlier.
There's no denying that if you live in Sydney and Melbourne in particular, getting into the housing market is very, very hard unless you have help.
But you don't want to throw out the baby with the bathwater.
What's important for your long term financial wellbeing (as opposed to what we want now) is to be living in a home without a mortgage when you retire.
A better strategy may be to save as much money as you can both inside and outside super over the long term, and that may mean winding back your current lifestyle, but there are no easy fixes here.
Let the compounding work for you and only when you know you have enough in your super fund to pay for your retirement should you consider using part of it to help fund a house.
And one final point.
The intergenerational wealth transfer to baby boomers that Michael Janda identifies in his article won't last forever because our parents won't last forever.
If your parents own their house (or houses) the chances are you'll be getting some of that intergenerational transfer back, in time.
Focus on the long term.
Topics: housing-industry, business-economics-and-finance, consumer-finance, consumer-protection, economic-trends, industry, money-and-monetary-policy, regulation, australia
First posted
Philosophical MUSINGS ON PWYW
There used to be a hep cafe near where I lived. Although, in all honesty, it was less of a cafe and more of a place where people came to hang out, meet new people and discuss ideas. Among its regulars, it was the hub of cultural activities - poetry jam sessions, movie nights, book readings, gay pride events. It didn't serve much food - Tea and maybe some Momos.
There was no specified price to the items you bought. You could pay whatever you wanted. The cafe was surviving solely on the generosity of its patrons. Sadly, it shut down. It needed to raise a certain amount of money to pay the annual rent, but it could not.
The point of this story is that PWYW is a romantic idea which should work perfectly in an ideal world where we pay for a certain experience in proportion to the amount of value we stand to gain from it.
An Ideal Transaction: Amount we are ready to pay for an experience/commodity ∝ Value we gain from it
Unfortunately, that is not always the case. We often pay more for a disproportionately low value experience and become miserly for high value products. But, why do we do this when clearly it's a suboptimal strategy to live a high quality life?
The answer I believe is our unconscious biases:
1. Overvaluing a tangible commodity for its superficial nature - Think expensive clothing, eating out at that new fancy restaurant, or the shiny new gadget. I do not mean to discount the immediate value of any of those things. Nor do I mean to suggest that we buy only cheap stuff. Heck, I love a nice fancy meal once in a while myself. But, like on a hedonic treadmill, the more we engage in them, the lesser pleasure we derive each time. So having coffee in a good cafe once a fortnight gives more value than a daily visit.
Furthermore, the value given by products of this nature is often fleeting. Often, our perceived expected value of the experience is less than the actual value. (Example: The movie 'Deadpool'. I am going to go out on a limb and say that I derived more pleasure from the expectation of the awesomeness of the movie than the final product itself).
Expected Value (EV) > Actual Value (AV)
This is in part due to the subtle FOMO (fear of missing out) induced by peer pressure we face when everyone around is talking about it. The perceived value automatically becomes much higher than the AV.
2. Undervaluing an intangible benefit/experience - Think a good book, a music album which you'd play over and over again, software, a functional yet expensive piece of household accessory that is going to make your life exponentially better (an ergonomic chair, a standing desk, etc.) We forget that, in the long run, the value we get from these things is so much more than the cost we put into it. The over and over usage of their functionalities pays itself off and then some. In these cases:
EV < AV
I speculate that the reason we harbor biases against paying for such cases could be due to our latent (or in some cases, pronounced) desire to feel validated for our choices. We don't get that validation from buying an original copy of a software or a better chair for our back or buying an album. No one commends an item for its functional superiority, it is quite often the decorative qualities that attract attention. In fact, you could even be ridiculed for overspending or paying for something that could be pirated for free. But, if we recognize that this particular item is going to inspire us to be a better version of ourselves, the issue of cost would become much smaller.
Secondly, maybe the constant desire of novelty via external stimuli causes us to spend our budgets on EV>AV cases. So, we still torrent stuff which we could have acquired in an overarching package (e.g. at Netflix, Apple Music, Kindle Unlimited), costing less than one decent meal in a restaurant. But, we fail to understand that this is an insatiable desire - there will always be a new pub to try.
Coming back to PWYW, there are some positives of the concept. The freedom to choose how much you think something is worth makes your product accessible to so many more people. Think all those bands whose music we pirated and would now happily pay for one of their concerts. The question then becomes, how to make a living out of it.
With PWYW, there are always 3 categories of people:
Free loaders / hoarders - It is a gross generalization on my part, but most of these folks who don't pay are much less likely to actually consume your art. At my last company, Musicfellas, there were customers who downloaded only the albums which were PWYW for 0 bucks. I seriously doubt if any of them ever got played.
- It is a gross generalization on my part, but most of these folks who don't pay are much less likely to actually consume your art. At my last company, Musicfellas, there were customers who downloaded only the albums which were PWYW for 0 bucks. I seriously doubt if any of them ever got played. The Nice Guys - They are driven by a righteous sense of how an interaction with an artist in the modern world should look like. They pay an average amount and feel content with supporting the artists. You could expect them to listen/read/watch your work with a decent level of interest.
- They are driven by a righteous sense of how an interaction with an artist in the modern world should look like. They pay an average amount and feel content with supporting the artists. You could expect them to listen/read/watch your work with a decent level of interest. The 1000 True Fans - Below is a quote straight from the article linked here. These are the people who will be the highest payers and your most generous patrons. They will write back to you giving detailed, insightful feedback on your work.
A True Fan is defined as someone who will purchase anything and everything you produce. They will drive 200 miles to see you sing. They will buy the super deluxe re-issued hi-res box set of your stuff even though they have the low-res version. They have a Google Alert set for your name. They bookmark the eBay page where your out-of-print editions show up. They come to your openings. They have you sign their copies. They buy the t-shirt, and the mug, and the hat. They can't wait till you issue your next work. They are true fans.
So, the answer to making a living out of PWYW format could be to build and engage with this community of 1000 true fans. I would love to hear success stories around you which hold true to this rule.
More sophisticated presentation is cause for celebration, not concern
Are our unions becoming a bit like football teams? We've come a long way from the lively, ornate, melodramatic fabric banners that used to typify any labour movement march of significance.
Now it is very much a ‘team colours' approach: Gold-and blue for PCS, red-and-white for Unite, blue-and-white for one teaching union, white-and-blue for another. Turquoise-and-orange for a third. Purple-white-and-green (Unison), black-white-and-orange (GMB), Burgundy and gold (CWU), green-and-white (RMT).
It's not a question of size either everyone is at it: NAPO (two shades of blue and a dash of green), Equity (purple-on-white) and BECTU (blue-and-gold) — soon to merge with Prospect (two shades of blue).
Allied to colours is often an image — or more usually a shape. The CWU's double wave, or the TUC's 3-by-3 shaded grid.
But whether letters or shapes or both, these are clearly very different from traditional union imagery. And so union demonstrations have arguably become homogenised and therefore somewhat sterilised, superficial, more concerned with image than substance. At least that's what critics — conservatives with little and large Cs — might say.
I'm going to disagree here and strongly. Far from giving-in to commercialised and bland marketing values, we have just become a lot more aware of the concept and practice of branding.
Look at the benefits it can bring — from an organisational and media perspective, you can readily identify ‘your' people. And they can identify each other too. You're wearing the same colours as me — you're one of us. It facilitates a sense of community for members.
It is also a short-cut to recognition for the outside world, literally in the case of QR codes. People who want to find us will know what to look for. But common branding is also a short cut to a set of values.
We want both our members and the rest of the world to know what we are about and that our work is important. That collectivism and community spirit is more important than undiluted and uncaring individualism. That workers are entitled to health, safety, fair pay and job security. That we get things done and give people a voice.
But we want people to ‘get' this as easily as possible. We don't have the time or resources to engage every individual in debate about what we do and how and why we do it. Branding for the trade union movement can provide that quick link and give us greater reach.
Of course it's not a magic bullet, things rarely are. Branding is a double-edged sword, especially if one acquires unfortunate associations. And such an approach will only work if there is suite of supporting measures — an integrated media strategy with clear and common strap lines, hashtags and so on.
And a level of consciousness among activists that ensures they actively disseminate key messages by understanding that they have a union identity, and give life to it online.
For the labour movement to survive and indeed flourish we need to be smart and sassy. We need to be easily identifiable and easy to connect with. In a global, digital and robustly free-market economy, we need to use what generally works, tempered with an understanding of how to make it effective for our key issues.
Simon Sapper is a trade unionist and member of Unions21
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
It really bothers me when people say that the doctrine of “you send yourself to hell” makes any sense, as if actions that go against a moral code have automatic consequences.
I mean, in the real, everyday world, actions don't have automatic consequences. People don't automatically get punished for stealing, killing, and lying. Sometimes people steal, kill, lie…and that's it. That's all that happens. There's no automatic natural horrific consequences for it. Which is precisely why WE have to intervene to make the consequences for various reasons — to deter behavior, to satisfy a need for revenge, to reform the offender.
Again, in the real world, the discipline we engage in to punish crimes are our doing, not the natural product of some “just so” natural reaction of what they did that we have nothing to do with. We can't just do cruel things like electrocute someone nearly to death and say, “well, that was the natural consequence of them stealing my pencil.” No. You're responsible for the punishment you choose to fit the crime. They didn't do it themselves; you chose to electrocute them. How the hell does God get off the hook?
I mean…breaking it down a bit more…suppose someone steals five sticks of gum from a vending machine. Under the Christian concept of sin, they've sinned. The natural consequence for sin — any sin — is eternity in hell, right (which, regardless of what the Ray Comforts of the world say, is outrageous)? And you're saying they are doing it to themselves? So what is, say, six months in jail and a $250 fine? It's still less than they actually deserved. And besides, it's not your fault you sentenced them to six months in jail. They brought it on themselves. It's a good thing you stepped in and gave them less than they deserved.
You see? There's really no punishment that would be too extreme, because the punisher never comes under any scrutiny; they just get admired for the fact that they didn't do worse. Even life imprisonment for the slightest offenses would be mercy. It would have to be. When you do something wrong in the Christian scheme of things, you automatically deserve the worst possible punishment (times infinity, as hell would be forever) onto yourself according to the “you send yourself to hell” mindset. So the punisher is always able to say that the natural consequence you brought on yourself for the bad thing is far worse than anything they could ever do, and then they can call the gap between that unimaginable torture and what they actually decide to do, “grace.”
And through it all, the punisher is never responsible for the punishing they do — they are only glorified because of how much they stop short of doing infinitely worse. The punishment isn't their fault, only the “grace.” The punished are the ones bringing the punishment on themselves.
This thinking can lead to worse and worse punishments for even the smallest infraction. And the greater the punishment, the more the wrongdoer feels guilty…because they did it to themselves.
As a result, there's a high incarceration rates in the United States, child abuse based on verses saying to “punish the child with the rod and save his soul from death,” horrific punishments for infidels and heretics (past and present), persecution of the lgbtq company in many countries, and dangerous attitudes towards “evil” foreign powers. If you think someone deserves eternity in torment for something they have done, you can do anything to them and think it's grace because you're giving them less than the even worse fate they actually deserve. And you never have to think about whether the punishment actually makes sense, because you're not responsible enough for the punishment to answer for it; the person brought it on themselves.
Here's the logic that needs to happen to break it up in this imaginary theology: People don't send themselves to hell. God sends people to hell because he doesn't like some of the things they do.
You don't like it? Yeah, I didn't either. That's one of a zillion reasons I think the whole thing is a load of bull.
Now, the punisher (be it God or another human being) is responsible for the punishment. Which actually makes a lot more sense. The punishment doesn't just “happen” on its own — it is a subjectively conceived consequence.
In other words, now the punished person does not automatically deserve any “natural moral consequences,” and we can think about why the punisher is punishing and whether we approve of that reason. We can demand to know what the punisher (be it God or a human being) hopes to accomplish by punishing someone. Do they want revenge? Do they want to reform the person? Do they want the person to become a contributing member of society? See — now instead of blindly handing out what's “naturally” deserved, we can start thinking about why we're actually doing the punishing in the first place.
When we open up a space to ask these questions, we are able to demand to know (or otherwise investigate) what others hope to accomplish with a punishment, and then gauge their answers. So when someone sentences a person for life in prison for marijuana possession, for example, they now have to answer to onlookers; “they put themselves in prison” isn't good enough — no, the punisher decided to put them in prison, so his judgment is under scrutiny, too.
Evaluating sentencing based on what it's supposedly trying to accomplish can uncover unsavory motives, like funding for-profit prisons, that would otherwise be camouflaged or invisible altogether due to, “they did this to themselves” logic. We can analyze the people who have an interest in having someone behind bars, you can see if putting someone behind bars accomplishes worthwhile goals (yes, in some cases it may be worthwhile for the family to have a sense of vengeance in the case of murder, for example), and you can make punishment actually…well, make logical, rational sense.
Again, please notice: what I'm talking about here is the fundamental, exact opposite of “you send yourself to hell” thinking. Here, the punisher — be it God or another human being — is seen as having a rationale for the punishment they give to an offender, and we onlookers can have a vested interest in looking for and evaluating that rationale instead of stopping at “the offender did it to themselves” thinking.
And you may find that the more you look for justification from punishers (both in the theological world and…the real one), the more you begin to see that “God”…really…doesn't…have a good one.
I mean, what is the justification for sending someone to hell for eternity? There's no opportunity there for reform. As far as revenge — Is God really that revengeful? If so, do you really want to serve such a vengeful God? And if it's for the safety of his own holiness and perfection…how well does it sit with you that he so “perfect” that he can't stand to have these people in His presence? What is so unbearable about these people for him? Do you really want to follow a God who is so stuck up? And as these questions start swirling in your mind, God may often make less and less sense (and the American legal system too, for that matter).
The thing about this is that as God makes less sense, people start coming to life. They develop more complexity and depth, because they don't just naturally deserve eternity in hell. I mean, there's something really positive and beautiful that happens here when we look for the justification in a punisher's actions. And then, if we don't like that justification or the justification is based on a cause-effect principle that simply does not work, we can actually create more effective punishments (relative to our goals) and thereby improve our sense of justice, based on reason and evidence and empathy (for both offender and victim) instead of “just so” thinking.
If we go based off, “You brought it on yourself” thinking there is really nowhere to go in improving things — because you can't improve a punishment that you are not responsible for; it simply is there, as a natural consequence. To improve punishment, you would have break down what improvement would look like by introducing goals for justice reform that focus on what a punishment is meant to do or accomplish — which means you and your intentions would be an admitted part of the punishment. You can't do this if ignore the fact you're punishing an offender and instead claim that you're giving grace for anything short of sentencing the offender to the “natural consequence” of eternity in hellfire.
To put it another way: if it is possible to improve — if it is possible to use the justice system to accomplish goals we hold in common as a society — then the just-so “you brought it on yourself” thinking, by insulating the punisher from criticism, actually makes it much harder to accomplish these goals. In order to accomplish our goals as a society we need to take responsibility for those goals and for the punishments and steps we implement in order to approach the goals, and we can't do it if we hide those in charge of punishing offenders from criticism and say that punishments are solely the offender's fault.
I realize this stance may be controversial from several sides of the debate. But my sincere interest here is to ensure, as much as possible, that as many people as possible get to live fulfilled lives. What I see is that millions of people live behind bars (especially here in the US, which has the highest incarceration rate in the world) in a wasteful system due to punishments for crimes (like the aforementioned life sentence for marijuana possession) that drain society of resources (as the average inmate costs $30,000 a year) and ruin the only lives that individuals have gotten. When I ask people to justify this wasteful system, the rationales seem directly connected to what the prisoners actually “deserve” — a clear consequence of “they brought it on themselves” thinking — instead of what is actually rational and what meets our goals as a society. Those latter questions seem completely obscured, and that is the direct result of the “you send yourself to torment” reasoning.
Meanwhile, the for-profit prisons, as well as homophobia, racism, and other factors influence our decisionmaking regarding crime. We might see this — and we do see this — when we are focusing on how to accomplish certain goals. For example — if your goal is for everyone to go the speed limit on a highway, you have a vested interest in making sure you pull over people who speed. Racism can get in the way of this — pull over people according to race instead of driving habits, and you have more people speeding faster. So the goal — ending speeding — can give people a vested interest in making sure racism isn't getting in the way. But if the focus is on what speeders deserve, or if you think that speeders “bring tickets on themselves,” the person handing out tickets doesn't have to answer near as much for the “punishment” of the ticket, which allows him to be racist in ways that may actually make speeding worse and then say that the driver “brought it on themselves.”
This reasoning, I think, starts with God. When people say “people send themselves to hell” they initiate a way of thinking that impacts their view of justice in general by hiding the punisher from criticism. No, God is the one who, in this fictional theology, is sending people to hell, and this fictional being needs to be scrutinized, just as the authorities in our everyday lives do. We need to focus on the goals that a punishment is seeking to accomplish, and then ask ourselves whether those goals are worthwhile, and whether the punishment is accomplishing them. If the answer to either of those questions is “no,” there's a problem with the punishment (and perhaps the punisher — like its nonexistence) that needs to be remedied.
Hopefully that makes sense.
Thanks for reading.
[Image via PSParrot under CCL 2.0]
Johnny Manziel finally mixed in with the first-team offense on Monday. That's exactly where the Cleveland Browns' Week 1 opponent expects the rookie to stay.
"I'm expecting Manziel to be the starter," Steelers defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau told Cleveland.com on Monday. "That's what I'm expecting. What he did in college is not an accident. He did it often enough against good teams.
"I think he is going to be a handful for all of us. You watch all his games and he created plays, he made plays, he kept plays alive. He has the ability to see people and the touch with the football to get it in there late in the down. I think he will be successful at this level."
LeBeau isn't alone. Alan Robinson of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review tweeted Monday that he has yet to speak with a Steelers player who believes Manziel will not be under center in the season opener.
That sentiment is picking up steam in Cleveland as well.
Stationed at Browns camp, NFL Media analyst Deion Sanders gave Manziel the edge in the competition due to his ability to make plays outside of the pocket, which becomes a necessity if Josh Gordon misses a significant portion of the season under suspension.
"Johnny's gonna earn it," Sanders said of the starting quarterback job.
This battle is just heating up. As general manager Ray Farmer said last week, it will be decided in preseason games.
The "Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
With an iPhone as a travel companion, navigating strange places can be a breeze. Just open up the maps application of your choice and, through the magic of GPS and GLONASS, you instantly know where you are. Detailed directions to your destination are only a few taps away—if you have a data plan, that is. But sometimes there's just no coverage. And when traveling abroad, cellular data can be really expensive.
Fortunately, by installing the right apps and preparing ahead of time, the iPhone can still be very functional on the road, even without a data connection.
(But first, a tip: if you are traveling abroad and you have an unlocked GSM-compatible iPhone, you can often get a temporary SIM card with a local phone number and a data plan that doesn't break the bank. Try searching the Web for "tourist SIM" along with the country or city name.)
“No data” doesn't mean “no Wi-Fi”
Losing your always-on cellular data connection is one thing, but being completely disconnected from the world Internet for days at a time is much worse. As such, you'll probably want to be able to find Wi-Fi hotspots. Free Wi-Fi is widely available these days, but you'd be surprised how hard it can be to find it when you really need it. I wish I could recommend a good Wi-Fi finder app, but unfortunately, I haven't found any that both have a large enough database of hotspots and a usable offline mode. Wi-Fi Finder and WiFi-Map come the closest. The former has a good database but won't show it to you on the map in offline mode, and the latter shows you cached Wi-Fi networks around you but without a map underneath. There are also numerous city, country, or paid hotspot network-specific Wi-Fi finder apps that can be useful.
In airports and some hotels, you may be limited to paid hotspots only. In hotels you sometimes get 24 hours when you buy a day pass. What I tend to do in those cases—mostly out of spite—is wait an hour before I activate it. That way, when I get back to the hotel at the same time the next day, I still have an hour of Wi-Fi use without buying another pass. In general, paid hotspot networks have unattractive fee structures if you only use them a few times a year. A good solution to this can be Skype Wi-Fi, which lets you use your Skype credit to access Wi-Fi networks. The rates can be a bit steep at $0.05-0.25 a minute, but if you only need a few minutes, it's a good deal. On iOS, Skype Wi-Fi has its own app, separate from the regular Skype app.
Maps at your service
The most critical smartphone application when traveling is the maps app. Fortunately, iPhone users have many to choose from these days. They all cache map data to some degree, and the vector-based maps degrade more gracefully than bitmap-based map tiles. For casual use, you can simply have a look at your destination in Apple's or Google's maps application, and you'll probably be fine. You can even load directions ahead of time—but you can't get them back once they're gone. Don't forget to add important places as bookmarks in Maps or add them to your contacts.
If you're going to cover more ground and/or getting lost is not an option, it's a good idea to use an app that has offline mapping capabilities. For example, the NAVIGON and TomTom apps provide turn-by-turn directions without an active data connection. There are many more choices if you just want offline maps and don't need turn-by-turn driving directions. Search the app store for "offline map" or a city guide for your destination city.
I'm a long-time user of MotionX GPS. It can show "MotionX Road" (OpenStreetMap), "MotionX Terrain" (OpenCycleMap), NOAA marine maps, and different types of Bing and Apple Maps, but it can only download for offline use the OpenStreetMap, OpenCycleMap, and NOAA data. You can select the zoom level when downloading maps to get the right trade-off between download size and map detail.
The iPhone normally uses assisted GPS, which means that it loads some data over the Internet to make location fixes happen faster. But the GPS also works unassisted—you don't need a data connection as long as the iPhone isn't in airplane mode. That said, after a long flight, it can take a long time (minutes) for the first GPS fix to happen. Connecting to a Wi-Fi network and then opening an app that uses location services solves this, making subsequent location fixes much faster. If that's not an option, just leave an app that uses GPS open and eventually you'll get a lock. Although the iPhone can sometimes get GPS locks inside, you really want to be outside, preferably with a clear view of the sky, to obtain that first lock.
Navigating your surroundings
Apart from downloading maps for offline use, I also use MotionX GPS to find my way in strange cities. I do this by creating "waypoints" for important locations, such as the place where I'm staying and the sights I want to see. The waypoints are of course overlaid on the downloaded map, but MotionX GPS also lets you navigate toward waypoints by showing an arrow pointing in the right direction using a compass view, along with the distance and expected travel time at the current speed. This is much cruder than turn-by-turn directions, but it still reduces aimless wandering around a strange city. You can also quickly add a waypoint for your current location so you can find your way back later.
I once went on a trip with a few others, and we created a Google Map with all the places we wanted to see on it. You can export the list of marked locations in KML format and then convert them to GPX and import as waypoints in MotionX GPS—which is much easier than adding a long list of waypoints directly on the iPhone.
I always scour the Web for public transit maps before I visit a city. I prefer a PDF version, which you can sync to the iBooks app through iTunes or transfer to iBooks from Safari—the button for this shows up after tapping the displayed PDF. Sometimes the transit authority has an app in the app store, which typically has maps that are better optimized for the iPhone's screen size. There are also many city guides with good transit maps.
An invaluable resource for planning a trip is WikiTravel, available in app form as iTravelFree, which lets you download city guides for offline reference.
Content is king
The boring parts of traveling are a great time to catch up on TED talks, which are conveniently available in a variety of lengths. Although the the TED app can download talks for offline viewing (with subtitles in 90 languages!), I download and sync the talks through the iTunes feed. When on cycling trips I listen to more podcasts than ever, which creates a strange relationship in my brain between the podcast's subject matter and the place where I listened to it—from then on, one will always remind me of the other. I always save up a few episodes of Betty in the Sky with a Suitcase! to get in the mood before I fly.
Under iOS 6 you can save webpages for later reading in Safari so you never have to be without something to read. Or load up on books that are out of copyright through Project Gutenberg. Download the ePub version for reading in the iBooks app. I also like to catch up on my Google Reader RSS feeds with Byline.
A year ago, my passport was stolen when driving from Madrid to Barcelona over Christmas. It turns out that it's really helpful to be able to show a copy of that stolen passport to get all the paperwork in order. Who knew? So I now carry scans of every document and card that I may conceivably need to consult during my travels. I store those—as well as a list of passwords to my frequent flier accounts, Skype, and so on—in the Air Sharing app. It's a bit more expensive than I'd like, but crucially, Air Sharing can be locked with a password. Speaking of scanning: rather than bringing that flat-bed scanner, you may want to get Genius Scan in case you need to scan on the go. Genius Scan creates pretty decent scans using the iPhone's built-in camera.
If you want to test your iPhone in "no data plan" mode, you can turn off cellular data in Settings, General, Cellular.
What else?
These are just our basic (but useful) tips for getting around the globe without having to rely on cellular data, but we're sure you have extra tips to add. Let us know how you manage your travels on your iPhone in the comments.
For a fantasy-loving nerd who first entered high school in 1990, Piers Anthony was inevitable. He doesn't get as much recognition now as Robert Jordan or Raymond Feist, but for a large portion of the late 20th century he was churning out a stunning variety of YA-targeted scifi and fantasy novels, including the pun-heavy Xanth books, the Incarnations of Immortality series, Apprentice Adept, and more. Basically, if you were any kind of book-loving nerd in the ‘80s and ‘90s, you couldn't avoid Piers Anthony.
Back then, I really didn't discriminate in my genre reading, and having enjoyed pretty much everything else Anthony had written that I'd gotten my hands on, I assumed the Tarot trilogy would be much the same. From the covers, they looked like any other fantasy novels; there were scantily clad women, monsters, a rocket ship, and even some sort of chariot-dragon (that's actually it above, by fantasy artist Rowena). About the only thing I found unusual was the cross-wearing hero saving the damsel in distress, as (Earth) religions virtually never entered into the genre novels I consumed so voraciously. But again, back then I would read pretty much anything that had a spaceship or a dragon on the cover, and these three novels—Vision of Tarot, Faith of Tarot, and God of Tarot—had both.
I was expecting just another fun scifi/fantasy series. What I got blew my middle-school mind, because the Tarot trilogy is nothing less than Anthony's complete and total exploration of religion, morality, sexuality, politics, education, and goodness knows what else. As recently as 2006, Anthony called Tarot “one of the most significant of my career” but then immediately added “therefore largely ignored by the critical and reviewing establishment, which is not equipped to comprehend it.” (In fact, it was supposed to be one massive, terrifying tome but publishers completely refused to deal with it until it was broken into three more palatable, and yet even less comprehensible, books.)
It begins innocently enough. In the near future, mankind has spread through the galaxy, standard procedure, until a group of colonists on a far-off, isolated planet named Tarot discovers it is home to a bizarre phenomenon called Animations. In essence, these Animations move like storms, but when people get caught up in them they all experience totally different realities—realities in which they can experience just about anything, both grand and horrible, but they can also die. Also, I should point out that Bigfoot apparently lives on the planet. (Not the alien equivalent of Bigfoot; regular Earth Bigfoot. Just wanted to make that clear.)
Besides the aforementioned Sasquatch, the planet is inhabited by dozens of different religions sects, from Methodists to Mormons to Muslims to Scientologists to Satanists to Communists (don't ask) and they all hate other. They are convinced the Animations are the work of God, but they don't know which one, and they certainly don't trust each other to figure it out. So they ask Earth to send an unbiased representative to investigate, and that person is Brother Paul of the Holy Order of Vision, which is a small, monkish, extremely tolerant Christian sect that respects all religions and faiths equally.
Advertisement
In Animation, Paul goes through a series of trials that make Dante's journey through hell look like a picnic. Paul relives the darkest moments of his pre-religious life, he is dumped in a giant chalice full of excrement, he meets the Buddha and then visits a strange planet where the humans are forced to worship the religion of the local aliens, as an illusion to voodoo. He hangs out with Jesus and Mohammed in hell (don't ask), attending a Satanic orgy/ritual sacrifice, and while visiting hell has his balls bitten off by a snake. He also, and I swear this is true, is at one point ejaculated through Satan's penis when Satan masturbates. (These books were available in my middle-school library, for the record.)
I was not prepared mentally for any of this. I was raised Catholic, and while I had begun to suspect the veracity of some of what I was being told in Sunday School every week, my doubt was always positioned as being a bad Christian. Suddenly, I was thrust into a world where the histories and mythologies of all these religions were compared side-by-side, where the faiths of Lutherans, Mormons and Satanists were treated with equal weight. And that's Anthony's hypothesizes through the Tarot series, albeit in a very strange way—that all religions are essentially a worship of an unknown divine, and thus are all equally valid. By the end I actually agreed with Anthony—but not necessarily in the way the author intended. Because while I did determine that these religions did seem equally valid, it was because all the religions featured seemed equally esoteric, tenuous, and imperfect.
Look, even as a young teen I understood Piers Anthony should not be the final authority on any world religion. But what I did take to heart is how the characters of Tarot all believed their disparate religions with equal fervor, regardless of their tenets or their creation. And what these religions most had in common was the absolute conviction that their religion was right and everyone was wrong. They may have differed in how well or poorly they treated others, they may have varied in compassion for others, but they were completely secure in the correctness of their faiths—and, by extrapolation, that everyone else in their lives was excluded from the paradise that awaited them.
Advertisement
And why was everybody so certain they were right? It seemed only because of in which religion they were raised, They each had holy figures said to be divine. They all had holy books said to be perfect, yet written by imperfect human hands. They all had some sort of promises of life after death, although they varied in what happened to the non-believers. Again, I knew that I was getting a superficial view of these religions—but I also knew that if the basics were essentially the same, then what really would the finer details matter? Obviously, to believe in any religion you have to have faith—but for the first time, it dawned on me that all these believers believed in their religion absolutely. They all had faith that they were correct, and the “proof” they based their faiths on—holy books, prophets, etc.—were essentially the same things, differing mainly in content. How could I possibly be certain my religion had chosen correctly?
I do not mean to proselytize here, and I absolutely don't want this to be a personal sermon on my disbelief. All I want to say that as a young 13-year-old, reading a very strange scifi/fantasy novel when he should have been paying attention in geometry class, this realization—and these weird, lurid, absolutely bonkers books—made me realize something fundamental. I was forced to examine my own faith, my own beliefs, and compare them with others—and then suddenly I couldn't find them anymore.
I am grateful for the realization, even though I cannot recommend anyone read these books—they have absolutely not aged well. Rereading them these past weeks I am shocked I got anything other than a headache and a lingering sense of filth and guilt out of them, as the books are frequently a bit racist, tremendously sexist, and, if you hold any sort of religious beliefs, possibly profane. For example, Paul goes back in time to hang with Jesus for a bit, and the revelation that Jesus had a botched castration—meaning he had no human sexual needs—is one of the series' least bonkers religious hypotheses. Additionally, the main female character exists almost solely to seduce men or be raped, and an adult man marries a 12-year-old girl. Also, the entire planet of Tarot ends up worshipping Satan. It's absolutely bonkers, if not outright disturbing.
Advertisement
I was too young and too naïve to note Anthony's purple, lurid prose, his less-than-complimentary portrayals of women, or his incredibly skeezy habit of sexualizing underage characters, and for that I'm extremely grateful. Instead I got one of the most profound reading experiences of my young life, a story that forever altered my personal trajectory and, for all its faults and insanity, had a profound effect on me and who I am today.
Not bad for a book series where the hero has to fight Bigfoot.
Tarot 9 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Advertisement
The choices are limitless in terms of Bulbrite's Nostalgic Collection. These handcrafted, classic bulbs are the right complement to any vintage or modern decor. Inspired by Thomas Edison's unique creation, the Nostalgic Collection provides unparalleled aesthetic attraction with an vintage end, outlined steeple and complex filament design.
This 40-watt Edison Squirrel Cage-style mild bulb is nice for chandeliers, sconces, and outside lighting. It matches into medium (E26) bases, lights as much as a brightness of 135 lumens, and has a typical bulb life of three,000 hours. This model comes as a single bulb, nevertheless it's additionally out there in a package deal of six.
Intricate Filament Design
The Thread collection duplicates one of the crucial widespread filament fashions from the early days of electrical lighting, the “Squirrel Cage.” The wreath of filament vertically wrapped across the mild provides a classy contact to your property decor.
Blown-Glass Steeple
Depicting flip of the century manufacturing processes, the outlined steeple on the Nostalgic Collection mirrors the tip produced when blowing the glass into a light-weight bulb envelope.
Antique Finish
Leaving no element untouched, the Nostalgic Collection is crafted with an vintage hued glass harking back to early glass manufacturing offering an genuine classic really feel.
About Bulbrite
Bulbrite is a number one producer and provider of revolutionary mild supply options. Founded over 40 years in the past, Bulbrite is a household owned enterprise famend for its dedication to innovation, schooling and repair.
If you live in China, you will be happy to know that Halo 5: Guardians will be localized fully for you.
Chinese website WPDang reports that Microsoft will be planning to release a localized version of Halo 5: Guardians for Chinese gamers. This means they will be dubbing the game in Chinese as well as adding in Chinese subtitles. It's unknown if both Cantonese and/or Mandarin will be added to the game, but this move has been done to attract Chinese buyers.
China banned video game consoles several years ago, but has now decided to lift the ban. Microsoft will be launching Xbox One later this month in China in hopes to attract more buyers. Microsoft usually cannot catch the Japanese market, but they hope Chinese buyers will be more warm to the Xbox One.
Localizing a huge game like Halo 5: Guardians in Chinese is a big step to attract buyers. Microsoft could have easily shipped the game in English with Chinese subtitles only, but dubbing it in Chinese as well is great. It would be interesting to hear what Master Chief and the other characters sound like speaking in Chinese.
Halo 5: Guardians releases in late 2015 exclusively for the Xbox One console.
Update: The dub of the game will be in Mandarin.
We've already heard most of the details on Samsung's smartwatch, the Galaxy Gear, but there's still room (and time) for some more information. The latest leaks from AmongTech confirm what our sources have told us but with the addition of a few more tidibts. According to the site's sources at a Samsung warehouse facility, the Galaxy Gear will have 10 hours of battery life.
The smartwatch's expected 2.5-inch, 320 x 320 OLED display is the likely battery hog here. However, I wouldn't be surprised if the quoted 10 hours is for total on-screen time. I'd expect the watch to have an option that turns the screen off when not needed. Yes, it's nice to see the time all day long, but it's not necessary.
Advertisement
AmongTech also reports the watch will have 1 GB of memory and choice of storage in either 6 GB or 8 GB capacity. That seems odd to me as 4 GB and 8 GB would be considered more standard from a pricing perspective. Our sources say the Galaxy Gear will have an integrated camera and AmongTech says it will be a 4 megpixel sensor with 720p video recording capability.
I'll be on hand next week at the September 4 event where Samsung is expected to debut the Galaxy Gear. At that point, we'll see if all the leaks pan out.
Even if they do, I'll be a little disappointed. Word on the street is that the device's companion software will come not from Google(s goog) but from Samsung, meaning the Galaxy Gear may only work with Samsung phones. But if that were wrong, I'm still not yet sold on the reported concept.
The more I think about it the less I want my smartwatch to be a second screen for my smartphone or bite-sized apps. There are enough of those on the market today. Instead, I want a contextual watch that's built around something like Google Now.
This odd-looking creature is known as “the dreamer”, “Spanish dancer”, or “headless chicken monster”. Courtesy of the NOAA Office of Ocean Exploration and Research, Gulf of Mexico 2017.
Most scientists call this strange life form “Enypniastes eximia”, while others call it “the dreamer” or “Spanish dancer”. However, it's best known to remotely-operated vehicle (ROV) pilots as the “headless chicken monster”.
The alien-like sea cucumber was spotted during a recent exploration of the Gulf of Mexico (video below). Just like other species of sea cucumber across the globe, it spends most of its time on the seafloor. Occasionally, however, they do swim around, particularly if there's a potential predator lurking nearby. In these instances, they usually let out a quick poop in order to reduce their body weight as much as possible.
The team working on this dive aren't quite sure where the name “headless chicken monster” came from; however, it likely has something to do with its poultry-like appearance and seemingly aimless wandering. You can hardly blame these creatures for that though, as most sea cucumbers don't have a true brain nor any distinct sensory organs. However, they do have nerve endings on the skin that respond to touch and light.
Since little is known about the deep-sea ecosystem along the US portion of the Gulf of Mexico, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) carried out a federally funded study of the area earlier this month. From November 30 until December 20, they performed daytime ROV dives and overnight mapping operations. Throughout their exploration, they came across a bunch of incredible creatures, including dumbo octopuses, iridescent squids, strange sea spiders, and much more.
The recent exploration will play a paramount role in our understanding of this marine habitat. The Gulf of Mexico is home to many vulnerable marine species, including deep-sea coral and sponge communities, as well as fascinating geological features like mud volcanoes. It was also a hub of maritime activity, so their research could dig up some insights into US history. The research will also be used to guide government policy, especially as the area has faced some substantial changes due to industrial activity.
The fieldwork of the mission is now over, but the team have two additional cruises scheduled for Spring 2018 (which will hopefully be live-streamed too). You can see more findings from their latest study in NOAA's extensive video and photo log from the mission.
(written from a Production point of view Real World article
Dwayne Johnson Birth name: Dwayne Douglas Johnson Gender: Male Date of birth: 2 May 1972 Place of birth: Hayward, California, USA Character(s): Pendari Champion Posing with Rick Berman
Dwayne Douglas Johnson (born 2 May 1972; age 46), also known by his ring name The Rock, portrayed the Pendari Champion in the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Tsunkatse". He acquired fame for his accolades as a professional wrestler with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), but he has since retired from wrestling to focus on a full-time acting career. He is the first WWE superstar to make a guest appearance on Star Trek; he was followed by Tommy "Tiny" Lister, Jr. and The Big Show, both of whom guest-starred on Star Trek: Enterprise.
Born in Hayward, California, USA (although he was billed as being from Miami, Florida due to his having attended college at and played football for the University of Miami), Johnson is a third-generation professional wrestler who made his debut with WWE (then known as the World Wrestling Federation, or WWF) in 1996 as "Rocky Maivia", a combination of his father Rocky Johnson's first name and his grandfather "High Chief" Peter Maivia's last name (both former WWF wrestlers). With a later "attitude adjustment" to his character, he changed his ring name to "The Rock". He subsequently became famous not only for his wrestling but also for such trademark gestures as "The People's Eyebrow" (in which he raises his right eyebrow to the crowd or to his opponent - he can be seen doing this during his Voyager appearance) and his signature line "Do you smell what the Rock is cooking?" (with the word "smell" generally drawn out). He retired in 2004.
Johnson's appearance in Voyager predated the true launch of his acting career. He made his breakthrough film appearance in the 2001 sequel The Mummy Returns, portraying Mathayus the Scorpion King. He later reprised the role as the star of The Scorpion King (with Branscombe Richmond and Joseph Ruskin) in 2002. Since then, he has starred in such films as The Rundown (with Jeff Chase, William Lucking, and Todd Stashwick). He went on to star in the remake of Walking Tall (opposite Neal McDonough and Barbara Tarbuck), Doom (opposite Karl Urban and also featuring creature work from Doug Jones), Southland Tales (with John Larroquette, Holmes Osborne, and Wallace Shawn), Gridiron Gang (with Leon Rippy and Brett Cullen), and The Game Plan (with Gordon Clapp). He also made a cameo appearance as an inept (and ill-fated) S.W.A.T. officer in Reno 911!: Miami.
With the release of the 2008 film adaptation of the TV series Get Smart, in which he played Agent 23, Johnson dropped the use of the nickname "The Rock" from his acting credits, presumably to further disassociate his acting career from his former wrestling persona and to avoid any copyright claims the WWE may have on the moniker. He then starred in Disney's 2009 science fiction-adventure film Race to Witch Mountain, which also featured Bob Clendenin, Ike Eisenmann, John Kassir, and Tom Woodruff, Jr. He also voiced the lead role in the 2009 CGI-animated science fiction comedy Planet 51.
More recently, he co-starred with Ashley Judd in the 2010 fantasy comedy Tooth Fairy. He also made an appearance in the 2010 comedy Why Did I Get Married Too?, which was written, produced, and directed by Tyler Perry. Perry also starred in the film, while K Callan had a supporting role. Johnson also appeared in the action comedy The Other Guys, the revenge thriller Faster as well as 2011's Fast Five.
Much hype was made of Johnson's announced voicing of the Autobot Cliffjumper in the Roberto Orci/Alex Kurtzman-produced Transformers: Prime cartoon series, though Cliffjumper was killed in the very first episode. Frank Welker, who voices Megatron, also provided the "voice" of a zombified Cliffjumper in the second episode. Jeffrey Combs, Clancy Brown, and Tony Todd are among the voice actors for that series.
In 2011, The Rock made a surprise return to WWE, acting as the host of WrestleMania XXVII. In 2012, Johnson returned to the ring to compete in his first match in 8 years at WrestleMania XXVIII, held in his adopted hometown of Miami, which he won against John Cena. He then went on to compete at the 2013 Royal Rumble where he won the WWE Championship from defending champion CM Punk. He then lost the WWE Championship at Wrestlemania XXIX, in New York, to John Cena. He later made an appearance at the opening ceremony of Wrestlemania XXX in 2014.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The US Chamber of Commerce's US-Israel Business Initiative led its inaugural trade mission to Israel this week, bringing executives from top American life-sciences companies to explore potential partnerships.
This visit comes two months after the government requested responses from international corporations on a new program to encourage research and development in Israel's life-sciences industry. The program aims to attract foreign companies to establish R&D centers here and to invest in long-term projects.
“Our companies need to be in Israel,” Myron Brilliant, the US Chamber of Commerce's senior vice president for international affairs and delegation leader, told The Jerusalem Post during a break from the program in Tel Aviv on Monday.“Life sciences is not well represented here in comparison to traditional technologies such as what Intel or Microsoft represent,” he said. “[However], in recent years there has been an increased effort to develop the industry in Israel, which we have learned about over the past two days of meetings with government and private-sector officials.”Multinationals Boston Scientific, General Electric, Medimmune, Merck, Oracle and Takeda Pharmaceuticals USA were all represented in the delegation.Although it was only a three-day visit, it included meetings with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, Industry, Trade and Labor Ministry Chief Scientist Avi Hasson and private-sector representatives.Netanyahu and other officials demonstrated to delegates how seriously they take the life-sciences industry, Brilliant said. But the 1985 Free Trade Agreement must be updated, he said, and Israel must institute regulatory reforms in the areas of intellectual property and taxation to encourage more American companies to establish centers here.The US Chamber of Commerce is the world's largest business federation, representing the interests of more than 3 million businesses of all sizes, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations.It launched its USIBI program in 2010, making Israel one about 20 countries of focus.Most American multinationals are aware that Israel has an entrepreneurial culture and a highly educated workforce, Brilliant said, “but they don't necessarily understand how to do business here, where the specific opportunities are and what kinds of incentives the Israeli government will provide them.”“What we want companies to recognize – even beyond the multinationals that are part of our program – is that through partnering with start-ups in Israel, even those in the early stages of development, you can produce great products that will be sold around the world,” he said.“America brings scale, America brings marketing expertise, know-how and avenues for distribution,” Brilliant said.“By working together with Israeli companies, we can create the new Googles, the new Facebooks and the new Intels.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Baltimore detectives and police academy cadets interviewed residents and looked for physical evidence Monday in the Roland Park neighborhood where 59-year-old Molly K. Macauley was stabbed to death.
Officers picked through a poison ivy-covered hill and searched a yard nearby.
A homicide detective stood in front of a Tudor home shaded by mature trees, near the spot where Macauley was attacked while walking her dogs Friday night. He told a group of cadets wearing blue latex gloves what to look for.
"She had two big dogs with her," the detective told them. "I'm working on the theory of what I think happened," he said, though he didn't elaborate.
Police spokesman Detective Jeremy Silbert said investigators still don't have suspect or know of a motive for the stabbing that rocked the generally safe, quiet neighborhood.
Macauley was found about 11 p.m. in the 600 block of W. University Parkway, around the corner from her home. She was taken to an area hospital, where she died.
Baltimore police detective and trainees from the academy canvass the Roland Park neighborhood to search for witnesses and additional information following the fatal stabbing of Molly Macauley. (Amy Davis/ Baltimore Sun video) Baltimore police detective and trainees from the academy canvass the Roland Park neighborhood to search for witnesses and additional information following the fatal stabbing of Molly Macauley. (Amy Davis/ Baltimore Sun video) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Macauley was the vice president for research and a senior fellow with Resources for the Future, a Washington think tank that focuses on the environment and natural resources. Those who knew her professionally said she was well known in the field of space policy. An economist, she advised politicians and others about the economic and environmental implications of space exploration.
Hal Ley Hayek, a neighbor and friend, called the attack "extremely painful." He said neighbors have been comforting each other.
"It's shocking," said Hayek, 54. "We're trying to be with each other in the neighborhood. The police seem to be on top of it, so that's good."
On Monday morning, blood still stained the sidewalk where police say Macauley was stabbed in the neck.
The cadets combed the hill, searching for clues with their eyes and with metal detectors. They peered under bushes and, with flashlights, looked inside metal poles that line the street. A few officers walked into the yard of the home next to where Macauley was stabbed.
Police also interviewed neighbors during the weekend. Neighbors said police have asked those who have video cameras that face out to the street to inspect footage from 9:45 p.m. to 11:45 p.m. Friday for pedestrians, bicyclists or out-of-place vehicles.
On Monday, cadets walked around the block handing out fliers asking anyone with information to contact police. Police are offering a $2,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and indictment of a suspect.
Tom Geyer, a cousin of Macauley's from Baltimore, said the family was in shock and trying to understand how it could have happened.
"She would always talk about [how] she felt that Baltimore was such a special place," Geyer said. "She was somebody who was a very honest and caring individual. She was a brilliant woman and was dedicating her entire life to doing good, not just for Baltimore and the United States, but for the entire world."
Silbert, the police spokesman, said a neighbor found Macauley not long after she was stabbed and called police. Her dogs were found unharmed at the scene.
"We're looking for anything, anything that may have been dropped, anything that may have been left. We're not sure what we're going to find," Silbert said. "One thing that investigators will do, as they do in all homicide cases, is they'll check to see if there are any similarities between this case and any recent crime, not just in this area but across the city."
The last homicide in Roland Park that police could find a record of was in 1998, Silbert said. He said police have conducted similar canvasses in other neighborhoods; he said the attack wasn't being treated differently because it occurred in a wealthy neighborhood.
"This isn't something you see just because of the area it happens," Silbert said. "This is something that, when our investigators feel the need to this type of area canvass, regardless of where that crime occurred, we're going to put the resources in that area because we owe it to the victims, and we owe it to the victim's family to find the person responsible for killing their loved one."
Police recorded 148 homicides in Baltimore through Sunday. Macauley's killing was one of five over the weekend.
The number of homicides is down 6 percent compared to the same time last year. Last July saw a record number of killings — 45. The year ended with the most killings per capita since the city has kept records.
Dorothea Wilson, who works at the Roland Park Place retirement community, said she would continue to walk in the area because she doesn't think there will be more attacks. But she said the community was reeling.
"The community is shocked," she said. "They're not used to living with this, and they don't think this can touch them.
"I think the community right now is hurting because they usually feel safe."
Colleagues said Macauley's death was a tremendous loss for the field of space policy.
"My email over the weekend has been just flooded with people from the space community horrified about what happened," said Michael Moloney, the director for space and aeronautics at the U.S. National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine.
Macauley "had quiet wisdom about her that you knew at a meeting when she said something and expressed a view that it was really worth paying attention to," Moloney said. "We all benefited from that tremendously in the work that we do.
"I can't understate how devastated the community is. I'm not the only one who lost sleep over the weekend because of it."
Colleagues said Macauley loved her dogs.
"Every time we talked we always talked about her dogs," said Linda Billings, a consultant to NASA's science programs.
Billings said Macauley was a widow.
Macauley studied the economics and ethics of space exploration. For one project, Billings said, she studied how the microbes humans carry with them might affect the environment on other planets.
She was interested in helping women succeed in the field, and chaired a scholarship committee for the Women in Aerospace organization.
"She was dedicated to her profession and took her work very seriously, and took her work seriously in a positive way," Billings said. "It was never about her belief or ideology. She did her analysis in as objective a way as I could think of."
Marcia S. Smith, the editor of the trade publication spacepolicyonline.com, called Macauley "internationally renowned" and "one of the most prominent space economists" in the world.
“Hollywood Is Lacking Original Ideas.” Interview With Jalmari Helander On ‘Big Game' And ‘Rare Exports'
Brock Swinson Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 13, 2017
[This Interview originally published in Creative Screenwriting Magazine.]
In his first film, Finnish screenwriter and director Jalmari Helander delivered a fearsome, avant-garde story that uncovered the guarded secret of Christmas: in the horror-fantasy-thriller Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale, audiences were invited to scale the Korvatunturi Mountain to uncover a sacred grave, which resulted in the disappearance of the town's supplies and children.
Four years later, the 38-year-old director premiered his second film, Big Game, at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, which received recognition for it's 80s throwback of grand adventure and tall-tale violence.
The most expensive film ever shot in Finland, Big Game follows a young teenager (Omni Tommila) on a traditional quest of manhood, as he discovers a haggard, U.S. President (Samuel L. Jackson), locked inside an escape pod near the scorching wreckage of a terrorist-attacked Air Force One.
Samuel L. Jackson as US President William Alan Moore and Onni Tommila as Oskari in Big Game
What were some of your influences for making this film?
My main influences come from 80s cinema. E.T., First Blood, films like that. My original idea for making this film came after one of my conversations with Petri (Jokiranta), the film's producer. Suddenly, we had an idea: What would happen if Air Force One crash-landed in Northern Finland? Who would be the ideal person to meet with the President of the United States?
After that, the next idea came about when we realized the same problems occur, whether you are the President of the United States or a 15-year-old boy from Finland.
Either way, you have to act tough every day of your life so people do not think that you are weak. This seems like a manly problem to have, but it's really the same problem for everyone. Everyday, people try to make the President look weak and these circumstances bring a unique aspect to the film.
How much time did you invest writing and directing?
I'm a really slow writer. Every day, I almost hate doing it because it feels like 90 percent will not be used and only about 10 percent will reach the final. I'm terribly slow because as I write, I'm trying to direct the scenes and I'm always picturing myself on the day that I will actually have to shoot so it has to be as good as possible. Overall, it took about three years from the original idea and then about 45 days to film — something like four years for the entire process.
Samuel L. Jackson as US President William Alan Moore and Ray Stevenson as Morris in Big Game
There are very vivid scenes in this film, almost like panels in a graphic novel. Do you picture these elaborate shots while writing or do they come about on location?
For the most part, it's just the way I imagined it. I always need to have some type of picture in my head in order to write it. I need to picture something — a key frame — in order to deliver a great scene.
What are some of your writing rituals?
I don't know (he laughs). I smoke a lot of cigarettes.
But it seems that the best ideas come when I'm not writing. Whether I'm walking in a forest or doing something else all together. With my next film, I will try to remember that you don't need to bang your head in an office, but you can actually do something else, which will be more useful for your day and your writing. Sometimes you need to do something else to figure out your writing problem.
Do you consider yourself more of a writer or director?
I'm definitely a director. I don't even consider myself a writer; it's just something I have to do. With Rare Exports, I tried working with a writer and it just didn't work out. With an outside writer, working on the scenes feels unfamiliar. I need to go through the writing process to make the film.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale
How else does direct change the writing experience? Does it limit or expand certain scenes while you're visualizing the shots?
It's hard to say, but it usually goes how I imagined it. I do usually know which resources I will have available when making the film so that can be limiting. If I'm writing a million action scenes with exploding cities then I do need to understand the limits of what we are capable of doing.
In your opinion, what makes a good story?
For a movie, it's important to have something that you couldn't see in your normal life, such as a fantastic journey. If you're going into a movie, you should see a miracle happening on the screen. I want to tell stories that are new to the viewer — something else entirely.
I also love underdog stories where we follow a main character that no one believes in. It's a classic story, but I love it. Everyone believes that this protagonist is unable to perform a task and then he does something truly amazing. That is important to me.
Is there any truth to Finland boys hunting big game on the cusp of manhood?
Probably a hundred years ago (he laughs). Too bad we don't have that anymore. Maybe I will do it for my own kids.
Actor Mehmet Kurtulus and Jalmari Helander on set of Rare Game
When evolving the story, were there any parts that were particularly difficult to develop?
When writing Big Game, I had some key points written out, but the most difficult time was writing the second act. I pretty much knew what would happen in the third act so I knew how it would end and how it would begin, but the middle point was very difficult to create. It took a long time and it felt like I had millions of versions before the final, but the beginning and end remained basically the same throughout.
I loved the scene that reveals the father's lack of confidence in the son. Could you elaborate a little on that as a story arc?
In the beginning, the story took place in the winter. It was easier to think that you could find an animal [trophy] from his father because it would not have rotted during that time period. When we changed the story to summer, we began to wonder how the hell his father could have left him something.
We first considered the freeze box, which felt like a really fucking stupid idea but then I realized that it was a good thing and it helped several of the following scenes. So, what began as a problem actually solved several problems in the end.
The Freeze Box: Onni Tommila as Oskari and Samuel L. Jackson as US President William Alan Moore in Big Game
Can you share any details about what you would like to do next?
Well, I've had a lot of offers from Hollywood but at the moment, I'm not interested in doing a Marvel sequel or anything like that. I've got an idea I'm developing with my producer for a third film. I've written a treatment and I'll probably begin the screenplay after the summer and hopefully finish a first version during the year. It will be a bigger film than Big Game with a little more action.
Obviously, I can't reveal too much but I'm sure Omni (Young Teenager, Oskari) will have some type of role in the third film and I'm hoping to work with Ted Levine (General Underwood) again. We were on the same page from the very beginning and I would like to have a bigger role for Ted next time. He's great to work with.
Do you have any advice for young writers and filmmakers?
Try to think of something different than all of the others are doing. That's what I'm trying to do and it can be really difficult but necessary. It seems like Hollywood is lacking original, good ideas. It's time for original ideas to bring something new to the screen. The business seems somewhat desperate. Let's hope they come along soon.
Call To Action
If you enjoyed this article, please sign up for the monthly newsletter to get updates and receive your copy of HOW HOLLYWOOD WRITERS ANNIHILATE WRITER'S BLOCK, which includes advice from writers like Aaron Sorkin, William Monahan, and Sam Shaw.
Your knitting gauge is not the same when knitting flat compared to knitting in the round. That's because a knitter's tension is often quite different when purling than when knitting, and it takes a different amount of yarn to make a knit stitch versus a purl.
Since knitting in the round most often involves Stockinette Stitch, which is made entirely with knit stitches in the round, that changes the way your yarn measures up.
And if you're knitting a garment that needs to fit -- or you don't want to run out of yarn because your project is coming out much bigger than the pattern suggested -- you need to know your gauge on the yarn you are using knit in the round rather than flat.
One Way to Work a Circular Swatch
Of course the most direct way to knit a circular gauge swatch is to cast on a bunch of stitches (for ease of working you will probably want more than you typically would cast on for a swatch), join for working in the round and work a sample using double-pointed needles, two circulars or the magic loop method.
While this is direct, it isn't always easy, and the best way to measure such a swatch is to cut it open, lay it flat and measure the gauge that way (unless you make a swatch that's twice as big as you need) and cutting into knitting gives a lot of knitters pause.
How to Fake a Circular Gauge Swatch
Alternatively, you can knit up a fake circular gauge swatch with two double-pointed needles (or a circular needle). Here's how it's done.
Cast on enough stitches to give you a piece of knitting that is about 5 inches/13 cm wide. Knit the first row. Slide the stitches to the opposite end of the needle, without turning the work. Knit the next row, making sure you keep the strand of yarn loose across the back of the work. Continue in this manner until the swatch is about 5 inches/13 cm long. Bind off, or slide the stitches onto a stitch holder to make measuring easier. Then you can rip out the swatch later if you need the yarn.
You wouldn't be able to reuse the yarn in the more traditional method of knitting a circular gauge swatch because you will have cut the strands. So this method is a better choice if you're worried that you're going to need that yarn later, or if you just hate having swatches lying around and want to reuse the yarn.
When working a swatch in this fashion, you need to make sure you leave the strands very loose in the back so that the edges don't curl in too much and distort your measurement.
You might have noticed this method is the procedure you would use to make an I-cord, except you don't pull the stitches tight when working a swatch like this. Instead, you want it as loose as possible.
Avery's work is inspired by comic book artists like Joe Mad (creator of Battle Chasers and artist for various Marvel comics), which we think will give Blubber Busters a style and unique look all its own!
All of our characters and enemies are 2D renders of animated 3D models. This gives us the freedom and speed of 3D animation while still harmonizing with stylish 2D effects!
We're extremely excited to announce that Chris Christodoulou - of Deadbolt and Risk of Rain fame - will be joining us to compose the soundtrack for Blubber Busters! He's coming at you with a pumping retro electronic sound that jives with our art style perfectly!
Chris has already been helping us set the tone for Blubber Busters, and we have three audio tracks that we can share!
What are Add Ons?
Add Ons are additional goods that you can include with your pledge (plus shipping if needed) If you pledge a minimum of $15 - you can add any of the following to your pledge amount.
For t-shirt sizes & any additional info needed - expect a backer survey from us! Thank you!
The Game
Get a digital PC copy (PC/Steam) of Blubber Busters! All backers at the $15 Resident Rank or above will be able to choose on which platform (out of the unlocked release platforms) they'll receive their codes.
Digital Wallpaper Set
A collection of desktop wallpapers featuring Blubber Busters' colorful cast of mis-adventurers and medical malpractitioners.
Early Beta Access
Play the game before anyone else! Help give our team feedback and make the game the best it can be.
Digital Soundtrack
Get your ears ready for a digital collection of Christodoulou's amazing, completely original work for Blubber Busters! Delivered in .mp3 and .wav formats.
Digital Art Book
Art-lovers unite! Feast your eyeballs on this curated collection of art for Blubber Busters. Character art, enemy iterations, space whale designs, full page spreads of colorful rivers of bodily fluids - this book has it all!
Digital Sketchbook
Get a glimpse into the artistic process and the manic mind that drive Avery's sweaty, shaking hands to push pen and ink across the page. A special selection of Avery's sketches and warm ups - Blubber Busters' style.
Secret Game Area
Get integrated into one of the more untraveled sections of your space clinic! Everyone gets access, but you get to be a part of it.
Physical Softcover Art Book
It's the art book... but you can hold it on your HANDS. In meat-space! Digital-world cyber-beings need not apply; this is only for us creatures of flesh and bone.
Physical Hardcover Art Book - Signed -
Like the softcover art book...but harder. It also comes with some signatures from the team! Limited availability in the Surgeon tier or higher.
-Limited Edition- T-shirt
If the horrors of middle school taught us anything, it's that being cool is being EXCLUSIVE, and what better way to exclude others than by all of you guys wearing this limited-edition Blubber Busters tee! Available only through the Kickstarter!
Physical Box Copy of the Game (+ manual & OST)
The ultra-definitive version of the game. A handsome box containing a physical copy of the in-game manual and the OST CD! Feel its weight in your hands and make space on that shelf!
Alternative Outfit
While the other janitors are in their orange suits, you can stand out from the crowd! Choose the tier with the alternative outfit and show off your unique look - the staff will be so jealous.
-Limited Edition- Figurine
The ultimate collector's piece! A resin cast of one of the characters of the game that stands 8cm tall. Extremely limited quantity.
One-of-a-kind Art hand drawn by Avery Coleman
The only thing better than prints is original artwork! Own one of the original sketches by Avery drawn during the development of the game. (Pencil not included)
Name & Portrait in the game
There are tons of dead surgeons in space whales these days, but oddly enough not many with names... until now. You can be one of these dead surgeons with a unique story of how you died!
Name a Disease
The first disease ever named after a still living person! If that's what you want to name it... Work with our team to create a gross, silly and unique name for your disease to go down in history! *cough*
Art Direct an Enemy Design
Join forces with the BB team as an Art Director for a day & help design a flesh devouring enemy for the game!
Become an NPC in the game
What's more exciting than talking to an NPC? Talking to one that IS YOU! Become one with the lore or just mop up the floor. Work with us to figure out your place at the Orbital SVP!
Breakdown
As a funding solution, Kickstarter affords us the most independence, control, and artistic freedom. Most of our team is remote, but our core members will be moving closer to work under the same roof. We'll all be basically living in a small, hobbit-like commune scrabbling with one another for an extra flavor-packet for our ramen noodles. But we'll be making a game - a game that we really believe in!
This game is our passion project, and what you see already is the culmination of months of work through late nights, weekends, and some missed engagements. Most of us were wholly unpaid thus far - the others, paid out-of-pocket for their services by the core team. These out-of-pocket funds are starting to run dry, and so it's come to the point that if Blubber Busters is to become a reality, we need to focus on it - full time.
We strongly value being transparent and listening to our community - a great trait that we've learned from working at Riot. We want to make sure that our game is just as fun for us as it is for you, and we hope for your feedback throughout development to make that happen!
Budget
Please feel free to reach out to us through any of the above channels, and if all else fails, you can shoot us an email at info@tharbemonsters.net
Special Thanks!
Shout out to all those that have helped us through our earlier stages of development - Alex Redfish, Kevin Culler, Priscilla Tsang, Khai Tran, Skylar Surra, Mike Ton, Terry Nguyen & Ai Tran.
& thank you to Koujaku for the Ferr2D tool!
teamgravity Profile Joined July 2013 United States 354 Posts #1
Poll: Who will win?
[Grav]Blast (8)
57%
[Grav]SpaceMarine (6)
43%
14 total votes (8)57%(6)43%14 total votes Your vote: Who will win? (Vote): [Grav]Blast
(Vote): [Grav]SpaceMarine
+ Show Spoiler +
[Grav]SpaceMarine
“Suaybe “SpaceMarine” Köse is a talented 20 year old Protoss player from Denmark. He is finishing college soon, and plans to play Starcraft 2 full time in order to go pro. SpaceMarine likes to take advantage of his high APM by using a play a style where he can attack in multiple locations, and harass his opponents to death. He often plays very safe and doesn't usually take a risk unless it's a calculated one. He prefers to take the game into the later stages where he feels his macro and micro are very strong.
SpaceMarine was also voted onto Team Denmark to represent his country in Nation Wars 2 alongside Bunny and BabyKnight!"
[Grav]Blast
"Min Kyu “Blast" Lee is a 26 year old GM Zerg player from Korea. When he was a child, he always liked Brood War and dreamed of one day becoming a professional gamer. Unfortunately he was unable to achieve this goal, and ended up attending college. After finishing college one year ago, he decided it was time to try becoming a professional StarCraft player again. He practiced 14 hours a day for 5 months straight, and managed to achieve GM on the Korean server! Blast says he's still not satisfied and wants to become the best.”
“Suaybe “SpaceMarine” Köse is a talented 20 year old Protoss player from Denmark. He is finishing college soon, and plans to play Starcraft 2 full time in order to go pro. SpaceMarine likes to take advantage of his high APM by using a play a style where he can attack in multiple locations, and harass his opponents to death. He often plays very safe and doesn't usually take a risk unless it's a calculated one. He prefers to take the game into the later stages where he feels his macro and micro are very strong.SpaceMarine was also voted onto Team Denmark to represent his country in Nation Wars 2 alongside Bunny and BabyKnight!""Min Kyu “Blast" Lee is a 26 year old GM Zerg player from Korea. When he was a child, he always liked Brood War and dreamed of one day becoming a professional gamer. Unfortunately he was unable to achieve this goal, and ended up attending college. After finishing college one year ago, he decided it was time to try becoming a professional StarCraft player again. He practiced 14 hours a day for 5 months straight, and managed to achieve GM on the Korean server! Blast says he's still not satisfied and wants to become the best.”
+ Show Spoiler +
Ravi "feardragon" Pareek
“Ravi "feardragon" Pareek has been commentating Starcraft 2 for nearly 3 years. Getting his initial start in commentating with Collegiate Starleague games played by his university, Purdue, he continued on to commentate other team leagues like the URTL, UASL, AHGL, amongst other events. Recently, he's become the host of a new show, "Breaking Out", which focuses on highlighting up and coming players in the North American Scene.
As a diamond Protoss, he enjoys cannon rushing Zergs, 1 base chargelot carrier rushing Protoss, and 1 base High Templar rushing Terrans. In his spare time he enjoys practicing martial arts and stealing ladder points with Dark Templars."
Rob "Shadow" DeLuca
"Rob "Shadow" DeLuca is an astrophysicist, currently studying distant radio galaxies using interferometry at USF. The goal of the research is to determine if there is a pattern to the orientation of radio galaxies throughout the universe or if it is simply random. This will give us further insight into the origin of the universe.
He is also a self-employed software and hardware engineer. Shadow was a Masters Terran near the end of WoL but has since switched primarily to coaching his five-man team. He says he is particularly drawn to Starcraft 2 by its extraordinarily high skill ceiling. It gives him many opportunities to develop optimum learning, coaching and training strategies, as the functioning of the brain is another area he's particularly interested in.
Shadow is also an important part of Team Gravity's "Fight Night" show matches, where he helps to sponsor and cast the events!"
“Ravi "feardragon" Pareek has been commentating Starcraft 2 for nearly 3 years. Getting his initial start in commentating with Collegiate Starleague games played by his university, Purdue, he continued on to commentate other team leagues like the URTL, UASL, AHGL, amongst other events. Recently, he's become the host of a new show, "Breaking Out", which focuses on highlighting up and coming players in the North American Scene.As a diamond Protoss, he enjoys cannon rushing Zergs, 1 base chargelot carrier rushing Protoss, and 1 base High Templar rushing Terrans. In his spare time he enjoys practicing martial arts and stealing ladder points with Dark Templars.""Rob "Shadow" DeLuca is an astrophysicist, currently studying distant radio galaxies using interferometry at USF. The goal of the research is to determine if there is a pattern to the orientation of radio galaxies throughout the universe or if it is simply random. This will give us further insight into the origin of the universe.He is also a self-employed software and hardware engineer. Shadow was a Masters Terran near the end of WoL but has since switched primarily to coaching his five-man team. He says he is particularly drawn to Starcraft 2 by its extraordinarily high skill ceiling. It gives him many opportunities to develop optimum learning, coaching and training strategies, as the functioning of the brain is another area he's particularly interested in.Shadow is also an important part of Team Gravity's "Fight Night" show matches, where he helps to sponsor and cast the events!"
+ Show Spoiler +
Event : [Grav]SpaceMarine vs [Grav]Blast
Time : Saturday - July 26th - 10 AM EST.
Style : Best Of 9.
Prize Pool : 1st Place = $85 / 2nd Place = $40
Map Pool
Each player will take turns vetoing down to one starting map. After the first game it's loser's pick.
King Sejong Station LE
Overgrowth LE
Catallena LE
Merry Go Round LE
Deadwing LE
Foxtrot Labs LE
Nimbus LE
Fruitland
Outboxer
: [Grav]SpaceMarine vs [Grav]Blast: Saturday - July 26th - 10 AM EST.: Best Of 9.: 1st Place = $85 / 2nd Place = $40
+ Show Spoiler +
Team Gravity
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/TeamGravityOfficial
Twitter : https://twitter.com/TeamGrav
Twitch : http://www.twitch.tv/TeamGravityOfficial
[Grav]SpaceMarine
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/SpaceMarineSC2
Twitter : https://twitter.com/SpaceMarineSC2
Twitch : http://www.twitch.tv/CoreSpaceMarine
[Grav]Blast
Twitter : https://twitter.com/GravBlast4
Twitch : http://www.twitch.tv/Blast4
feardragon
YouTube : https://youtube.com/feardragon64
Twitter : https://twitter.com/feardragon64
Twitch : http://www.twitch.tv/feardragon64
Shadow
Twitter : https://twitter.com/rmdeluca
It was the moment that conservative Christian groups' growing stridency in the British political arena went too far, at least for Boris Johnson. On Thursday evening the London mayor gave the clearest sign yet that radical religion and politics still do not mix in the UK when he slapped an almost instant ban on a planned bus advertising campaign that promoted Christian groups' belief in a cure for homosexuality. Whether it was the electoral sensitivities of May's mayoral poll or the feeling that the adverts, due to run on around two dozen red London buses, were underpinned by homophobic sentiments, Johnson acted within an hour of news of the campaign leaking out to draw a line in the sand. His move will startle conservative Christians who have been agitating to replicate in British politics the American example where religious values take centre stage in campaigning.
Neither Chris Bryant, the prominent gay Labour MP, nor Ben Summerskill, the director of the gay rights group Stonewall, wanted the advert to be pulled, both citing freedom of speech.
The ad campaign was meant to show Christian groups taking on their opponents in the most public arena possible. Anyone standing by St Paul's Cathedral would have been able to see the clash of ideas rolls past in what would have been a battle of the buses. Stonewall was already running ads on 1,000 buses in the capital, including the number 76, which runs past Sir Christopher Wren's masterpiece. Their ads say: "Some people are gay. Get over it!" The Christian groups Anglican Mainstream and the Core Issues Trust, which encourage gay people to consider changing their sexuality through therapy, wanted to challenge that directly with ads on different buses on the same route. Their banner was to be in the same format but saying: "Not gay! Ex-gay, post-gay and proud. Get over it!" It was, anyway, never the clearest piece of public communication. "Post-gay" and "ex-gay" are terms used in some Christian circles that refer to homosexual people who have undergone pastoral and spiritual therapy to change their sexual preferences.
The political context for the tit-for-tat ad booking is the ongoing and highly charged Home Office consultation on whether to extend marriage rights to gay people, and the Christian groups' ad sparked outrage among supporters of gay rights who believed it was implicitly homophobic. In a heavy blow to conservative Christians' increasing desire to mix with other campaign groups in the political arena, the mayor's office said the ads were inconsistent "with Transport for London's commitment to a tolerant and inclusive London".
The attempt by Christian groups to take their beliefs into the hurly burly of the public and political arena was no aberration. On the highly charged issues of abortion, sexuality or even the fundamental question of whether there is a God at all, some Christian factions have decided the time has come to project their beliefs beyond their private prayers. Catholic groups have started protesting outside abortion clinics and Christian politicians have become increasingly confident in voicing their views. Observers of Christian politics have noticed that tactics previously seen only in the high-octane arena of American religious affairs are beginning to take hold in the UK.
Last year the Christian party took on atheists who sponsored ads that read: "There is probably no god. So stop worrying and enjoy your life". The Christian riposte read: "There definitely is a God. So join the Christian party and enjoy your life."
"There has been a trend among conservative evangelical groups to take a more political stance," said Simon Barrow, co-director of Ekklesia, a social affair thinktank that has charted the rise of what it calls "aggressive Christian conservatism". "In the past, piety and politics were seen as distinct and even in tension with one another. But the scale of their political power has been in long-term decline and some groups of Christians have reacted with fear and anger. They fear they will become irrelevant and they are angry because they feel they hold the truth and have a right to be at the centre of the arena."
In the arena of gay rights, Summerskill, chief executive of Stonewall, has seen the trend develop as the coalition government consults on whether marriage should be extended to gay people. The Home Office consultation was launched in March and runs until 14 June and the debate has riven the Church of England, with 100 priests signing a letter demanding the right to conduct gay marriages in their churches. That, says Summerskill, is the highly charged political context which explains why the orthodox Christian groups have decided to run their ad campaign now.
"There is an aspiration among some of the Christian organisations in Britain to raise the temperature in the way it is raised in America," he said. "That is why we have worked so hard with the Conservative party to try to reduce the effect of that. When you talk to the Christian groups privately they look at America and they are slightly envious of what they see as very high-octane public arguments over the issues they feel strongly about. If there is a debate to be had about extending marriage to gay people it should be around the public policy benefits. It shouldn't be around a first- or second-century interpretation of the Bible."
Members of Anglican Mainstream hold strong views about homosexuality that are not made clear by the bus ad. Asked to explain how a gay Christian would be treated within a church attended by supporters of Anglican Mainstream, the movement's UK spokeswoman, the Rev Lynda Rose, drew an analogy with people with drinking problems.
"If someone is an alcoholic and comes to church and says they are happy with the way they are, others will say that's not the way to go," she said. "They are still free to say: 'No thank you,' but would that be right?"
In 2009 Anglican Mainstream ran a conference called Sex in the City, which was billed as "ideal for clergy, rabbis, psychologists, therapists, educators and others concerned about the plethora of sexual issues confronting us in today's society, including mentoring the sexually broken, the sexualisation of culture, pornography, the Bible and sex, and marriage, the family and sex". It promised "a special focus on how religious professionals and friends/relatives can respond biblically and pastorally to those struggling with unwanted same-sex attraction". An American speaker, Joseph Nicolosi, ran a session on "shame, homosexuality and the practical work of reparative therapy."
Christian anti-abortion campaigners are also taking their fight into the public arena in the UK, buying in American expertise.
Catholic activists from a British branch of a US group called 40 Days for Life have been holding daily prayer vigils outside abortion clinics. They marked a change of tactics and were part of the reason that earlier this year the British Pregnancy Advisory Service warned that people would be put off from becoming involved in abortion services.
Robert Colquhoun, 40 Days for Life's campaign director in the UK, set up the British operation in 2010 after seeing the tactics in action in Ottowa in Canada. He said he was impressed by the way vigils brought the ethical and spiritual issues out of the abstract and into the communities where abortion clinics operate, and how the campaign had claimed responsibility for the closure of 22 abortion clinics in the US so far. Affiliated campaigns in 13 countries pay a $199 fee to join up, he said, while campaign training is carried out centrally from an office just outside Washington DC, with sessions carried out via broadcasts over the internet.
"In the UK, campaigns on ethical issues have been too focused on politics and have been missing the mark," he said. "Whether euthanasia, gay marriage or abortion, it used to be a question in the UK of encouraging people to write to your MP and that used to be it. But there is so much more to these issues and we focus on bringing it to life in the community. Many people are pro-life but it has been an abstract idea for them, but by having a campaign you can get people involved through personal participation. If you don't have something going on at the grassroots, what chance do you have in parliament and the courts?"
Conservationists are celebrating after the Ontario Environmental Review Tribunal dismissed a motion to approve a proposed deal between Nestlé and the province that would have exempted the Swiss food giant from water restrictions during droughts at a well it owns in Wellington County.
The tribunal, which termed the deal "not consistent" with both Ontario law and the public interest, ordered the case be given a full environmental hearing.
It's a victory for the groups that brought the challenge: the Council of Canadians and local non-profit Wellington Water Watchers.
Story continues below advertisement
"I'm not saying I'm optimistic, we don't know what to expect, but we're very pleased there will be a hearing," said Mike Nagy, chair of Wellington Water Watchers.
The saga started last year when the Ontario government attached new conditions to Nestlé's water source, a well about 80 kilometres north of Toronto. The conditions would have forced Nestlé to cut back on the volume of water it pumped during times of droughts, making it the only permit holder in the watershed to face mandatory reductions.
The company appealed the permit to the Ontario Environmental Review Tribunal. But, while the tribunal was deliberating, Nestlé and the ministry made a deal to remove the conditions. The company subsequently tried to withdraw its appeal which would have ended the public hearing process.
In an effort to scuttle the deal and force a hearing to take place, the Council of Canadians and Wellington Water Watchers launched their own appeal.
"Nestlé argued that it shouldn't be treated different but we say absolutely you should be," Mr. Nagy said. "The overall concern with these types of permits is they're 100-per-cent consumptive. Every drop of water removed from that watershed, that well, and trucked away, nothing is replenished."
The permit for the Nestlé well allows the company to pump 1.13 million litres of water per day. Under Ontario regulations, the company pays only $3.71 for every million litres of water it draws.
While Nestlé maintained that the restrictions were unfair since there is no evidence that the surface watersheds are connected to the underground aquifer, the non-profits argued the hydrology isn't understood well enough to say for sure.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Bruce Pardy, who presided over the tribunal, sided with the conservationists.
"The water in the aquifer comes from somewhere and goes somewhere," wrote Mr. Pardy in his decision. "Even if taking from the aquifer does not directly affect surface waters in the immediate area, that does not mean that surface waters elsewhere would not be affected by taking from the aquifer during drought conditions."
No date has been set for the new hearing. "We're still reviewing the decision to understand what additional clarification the officer requires in a hearing," Nestlé spokesman John Challinor said.
Will Amos, director of the Ecojustice Environmental Law Clinic at the University of Ottawa who represented the non-profits in the hearing, said this ruling might make regional governments in Canada take a more holistic look at the way they issue permits in the future.
"This is a shot across the bow at provincial governments who are not issuing permits for water with precaution front and centre in their thinking," Mr. Amos said.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story said the Ontario Environmental Review Tribunal "struck down" a deal between Nestlé and the province regarding water restrictions. The Tribunal dismissed a motion to approve the proposed deal and ordered that a public hearing be held on the matter.
President Trump unexpectedly fired FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday after a finding by the Justice Department that he mishandled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails last year.
Trump said he acted based on the recommendations of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who found that Comey improperly moved to "usurp" the attorney general's authority and decided not to prosecute Clinton.
"I have received the attached letters from the attorney general and deputy attorney general of the United States recommending your dismissal as the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation," Trump said in a letter to Comey. "I have accepted their recommendation and you are hereby terminated and removed from office, effective immediately."
"While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the bureau," Trump said. "It is essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors."
The Trump administration will immediately begin a search for Comey's successor. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe has been floated as a possible replacement, according to Fox News.
"The FBI is one of our nation's most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement," Trump said in a White House statement.
In a memo explaining to Trump why he thought Comey should be fired, Rosenstein, who was sworn into office in late April, pointed to the FBI director's July press conference explaining why Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted over her use of a private email server while secretary of state.
"The director was wrong to usurp the attorney general's authority on July 5, 2016, and announce his conclusion that the case should be closed without prosecution. It is not the function of the director to make such an announcement. At most, the director should have said the FBI had completed its investigation and presented its findings to federal prosecutors," Rosenstein wrote.
Comey's involvement in the 2016 general election didn't end there. On Oct. 28, just days before voters went to the polls, Comey sent a letter to Congress saying new emails had surfaced related to the investigation into whether Clinton had mishandled classified information.
Just over a week later, Comey said they had found no new wrongdoing by Clinton, but the candidate's staff has argued the Oct. 28 letter significantly hurt her campaign.
Days after Trump's inauguration in January, Trump memorably shook Comey's hand while meeting at the White House.
Comey's firing comes the same day the FBI had to correct testimony before a Senate panel that former Clinton aide Huma Abedin "forwarded hundreds and thousands" of possibly sensitive emails to her husband, former Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner.
The FBI on Tuesday said the majority of the data that was transferred "occurred as a result of backup of personal data electronic devices, with a small number of result of manual forwarding by Ms. Abedin to Mr. Weiner."
Those emails, the subject of the Oct. 28 letter, were found during an unrelated investigation into Weiner.
Sessions recused himself from a Justice Department investigation into allegations that Russia colluded with the Trump administration during the election. Rosenstein is overseeing that probe. Comey was overseeing the FBI's probe into any Trump connections with Russia.
Democrats reacted with alarm to the announcement.
"Congress needs to have immediate emergency hearings to obtain testimony directly from Attorney General Sessions, the deputy attorney general, and FBI Director Comey," Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings, the ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, said in a statement.
"The White House was already covering up for Michael Flynn by refusing to provide a single document to Congress, and now the president fired the one independent person who was doing the most to investigate President Trump and his campaign over allegations of coordination with Russia," Cummings wrote. "It is mindboggling that the attorney general — who claimed to have recused himself — was directly involved in the decision to fire Director Comey according to the White House itself."
OK, so you're one of America's (and by definition the World's) most successful basketball stars, you're acknowledged by colleagues and journalists alike as one of the most dominant players in NBA history (so much so that the NBA introduced rule changes to reduce your impact on the game), you stand 7'1″ tall and you're the only player to have scored 100 points in a single NBA game. You've had a stellar career and retirement is beckoning. You want to build your own house that reflects who you are as a person and a sportsman plus you'd like somewhere to impress the ladies. Welcome to the house that Wilt built.
We don't know much about basketball here at VoEA but when we stumbled across these photos of Wilt Chamberlain's house we couldn't help but be fairly impressed. When we then read up on his sporting career we were really impressed and felt we had to share it with our good readers.
Wilt Chamberlain was a sporting prodigy from a young age and took to basketball during high school. Such was his impressive record there that over 200 universities in the US wanted to recruit him. He finally settled on Kansas University, following on from his studies at KU he joined the Harlem Globetrotters in 1958 for a 12 month stint, moved to the Philadelphia Warriors for six years from 1959-65 and was then sold to the Philadelphia 76ers when the Warriors fell on hard times. After three years with the 76ers he moved to the Los Angeles Lakers in 1968 where he stayed until 1973 before a move to the San Diego Conquistadors for his final season. His individual achievements were particularly impressive most notably as mentioned above his scoring of 100 points in a single game, a record still unbeaten and the closest anyone has come to that is 81 points by Kobe Bryant in 2006. Chamberlain also held records as a scoring champion, all-time top rebounder and accurate field goal shooter.
Alongside his sporting legacy Chamberlain left a house that is impressive for its design and location as well as its rather ostentatious features such as a gold-lined hot tub, mirrored ceiling above the master bed, glass walls, 40 foot ceilings and a swimming pool that flows into the living room. It was built on the site of an anti-aircraft gun placement overlooking Los Angeles, cost over $1 million (which was a serious amount of money back in the early seventies), has a 14 foot high front door and contains enough redwood to build 17 conventional houses. It seems that Wilt the Stilt did quite a lot of entertaining at home; he never married and claimed (somewhat controversially) to have slept with over 20,000 women. His autobiography was called ‘Wilt: Just Like Any Other 7-Foot Black Millionaire Who Lives Next Door', he had a brief acting career starring alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in ‘Conan the Destroyer' and was also a successful businessman and philanthropist once his playing career was over. However we digress, here the focus is on Wilt's impressive pad so take a look at the kind of house a 7-foot black millionaire builds for himself.
45 Tumblr 0 Pinterest 13 Google+ 0 Reddit 3 StumbleUpon 0 email
Comments
comments
Related Posts
« Out of The Past Records – A Vinyl Destination Swinging Siam – Thai Fashion Magazine 1968 »
126 SHARES
STEM workers are in fierce demand, and not just in the global epicenter of high tech known as Silicon Valley. According to the latest U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics analysis, STEM — science, technology, engineering and math — professions grew at over twice the rate that non-STEM jobs did between 2009 and 2015. Most types of STEM jobs will also expand faster than all other occupations until 2024.
Given their growing demand, STEM careers today provide some of the most lucrative employment opportunities. They pay higher salaries and boast far fewer threats of unemployment compared with other types of jobs. According to the latest BLS statistics, medical scientists can expect the most graduate-level job openings at around 12,100 per year. Biochemists and biophysicists enjoy the highest median wage, at $91,190.
To determine the best markets for STEM professionals, WalletHub compared the 100 largest metro areas across 20 key metrics. Our data set ranges from per-capita job openings for STEM graduates to annual median wage growth for STEM jobs to projected demand for STEM workers by 2020. Read on for our findings, additional insight from our panel of experts and a full description of our methodology.
Main Findings
Best Cities for STEM Jobs
Overall Rank
(1 = Best) Metro Area* Total Score 'Professional Opportunities' Rank ‘STEM-Friendliness' Rank ‘Quality of Life' Rank 1 Seattle, WA 74.59 1 3 20 2 Boston, MA 68.18 5 1 74 3 Pittsburgh, PA 67.84 10 15 5 4 Austin, TX 64.60 8 14 25 5 San Francisco, CA 64.49 3 5 60 6 Madison, WI 63.59 16 23 15 7 Atlanta, GA 63.50 7 27 24 8 Salt Lake City, UT 63.23 6 26 23 9 Minneapolis, MN 63.07 26 12 17 10 Cincinnati, OH 61.81 22 34 13 11 San Diego, CA 61.43 45 18 12 12 Columbus, OH 61.08 36 22 16 13 Hartford, CT 60.44 14 17 10 14 Springfield, MA 59.75 85 2 11 15 Worcester, MA 59.46 28 6 63 16 Orlando, FL 59.09 9 38 27 17 Chicago, IL 58.87 57 16 21 18 Sacramento, CA 58.68 52 9 32 19 San Jose, CA 57.27 25 7 61 20 Raleigh, NC 56.00 4 58 43 21 Denver, CO 55.54 13 30 55 22 Dayton, OH 55.39 17 40 1 23 Tucson, AZ 54.94 34 49 26 24 St. Louis, MO 54.91 11 52 37 25 Portland, OR 54.86 30 39 31 26 Provo, UT 54.21 24 31 34 27 Phoenix, AZ 53.84 56 32 33 28 Colorado Springs, CO 53.71 33 64 22 29 Richmond, VA 53.71 15 37 59 30 Spokane, WA 53.61 38 35 41 31 Los Angeles, CA 53.55 78 4 69 32 Washington, DC 53.48 2 80 42 33 Houston, TX 53.43 47 20 54 34 Tampa, FL 52.72 39 43 35 35 Albany, NY 52.71 18 41 19 36 Omaha, NE 52.41 37 83 14 37 Philadelphia, PA 51.96 46 19 66 38 Dallas, TX 51.94 41 24 68 39 Allentown, PA 51.44 67 13 39 40 Boise, ID 51.40 65 79 7 41 Ogden, UT 51.31 29 44 8 42 Charlotte, NC 49.84 23 59 56 43 Cleveland, OH 49.79 61 25 65 44 Des Moines, IA 49.19 21 87 30 45 Syracuse, NY 49.08 40 56 3 46 Greenville, SC 48.97 12 78 6 47 Nashville, TN 48.74 50 44 53 48 Rochester, NY 48.66 53 42 47 49 Detroit, MI 48.54 31 33 81 50 Harrisburg, PA 48.43 19 67 18 51 Grand Rapids, MI 48.18 54 53 36 52 San Antonio, TX 48.09 60 50 48 53 Baltimore, MD 48.04 20 11 99 54 Buffalo, NY 47.89 59 51 49 55 New Haven, CT 47.73 86 8 78 56 Kansas City, MO 47.34 42 66 52 57 Indianapolis, IN 47.33 48 36 79 58 Louisville, KY 47.31 43 75 45 59 Albuquerque, NM 47.26 73 60 40 60 New York, NY 47.06 82 10 82 61 Knoxville, TN 47.00 32 73 46 62 Milwaukee, WI 45.97 71 46 58 63 Charleston, SC 45.58 27 96 28 64 Oklahoma City, OK 45.33 58 81 38 65 Providence, RI 45.32 68 29 83 66 Youngstown, OH 45.23 64 65 2 67 Columbia, SC 44.37 35 86 51 68 Greensboro, NC 42.13 55 62 80 69 Jacksonville, FL 41.64 72 74 67 70 Oxnard, CA 41.31 81 28 91 71 Las Vegas, NV 41.20 63 95 44 72 Akron, OH 41.03 75 63 71 73 Bakersfield, CA 41.02 87 57 73 74 Palm Bay, FL 40.78 44 91 9 75 Virginia Beach, VA 40.52 70 61 84 76 Miami, FL 39.83 66 54 88 77 Birmingham, AL 39.55 62 82 76 78 Riverside, CA 39.02 94 21 96 79 Tulsa, OK 38.69 77 93 62 80 Bridgeport, CT 38.69 49 48 100 81 New Orleans, LA 38.44 90 85 57 82 Chattanooga, TN 37.53 51 94 70 83 El Paso, TX 37.38 96 71 64 84 Scranton, PA 37.16 93 72 4 85 Winston, NC 36.59 69 76 90 86 Honolulu, HI 36.08 88 98 50 87 Wichita, KS 35.88 80 77 87 88 Baton Rouge, LA 35.03 79 97 77 89 Lakeland, FL 34.65 76 88 72 90 Fresno, CA 34.53 98 55 86 91 Toledo, OH 34.40 91 68 89 92 McAllen, TX 33.46 97 70 29 93 Augusta, GA 33.12 84 90 85 94 Stockton, CA 32.36 99 46 94 95 Deltona, FL 32.03 92 69 93 96 Little Rock, AR 31.14 83 99 75 97 Memphis, TN 30.52 89 84 95 98 Jackson, MS 27.29 74 100 92 99 North Port, FL 26.40 95 89 97 100 Cape Coral, FL 25.12 100 92 98
*“Metro Area” is a simplified label for Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), which was used for our sample.
Ask the Experts
Like all professions, STEM occupations pose challenges to graduates who wish to pursue such careers. For guidance, we asked a panel of experts to share their advice for both job seekers and local governments that stand to benefit from growth in the field. Click on the experts' profiles to read their bios and responses to the following key questions:
How do STEM graduates perform in the labor market relative to graduates from other fields? According to recent census figures, the majority of STEM graduates do not ultimately work in a STEM occupation. Why is that the case? How can the U.S. stay ahead of other countries in attracting and training the best STEM professionals? How can local authorities make their cities more appealing to STEM graduates and technology companies? How can government, employers and educators increase the number of women and minorities in STEM fields?
Methodology
In order to determine the best job markets for STEM professionals, WalletHub compared the 100 most populated U.S. metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) — metro area, for short — across three key dimensions, “Professional Opportunities”, “STEM-Friendliness” and “Quality of Life.”
We evaluated those dimensions using 17 relevant metrics, which are listed below with their corresponding weights. Each metric was graded on a 100-point scale, with a score of 100 representing the most favorable conditions for STEM professionals. Data for metrics marked with an asterisk (*) were available only at the state level.
Finally, we determined each metro area's weighted average across all metrics to calculate its overall score and used the resulting scores to rank-order our sample.
Professional Opportunities – Total Points: 33.33
Job Openings for STEM Graduates per Capita: Double Weight (~6.67 Points)
Share of Workforce in STEM: Double Weight (~6.67 Points)
Projected Demand for STEM Jobs by Year 2020*: Half Weight (~1.67 Points)
STEM Employment Growth (2017 vs. 2015): Double Weight (~6.67 Points)
Unemployment Rate for Adults with at Least a Bachelor's Degree: Full Weight (~3.33 Points)
Note: “Adults” include the population aged 25 and older.
Annual Median Wage for STEM Workers: Full Weight (~3.33 Points)
Note: This metric was adjusted by the cost of living.
Average Monthly Earnings for New Employees in STEM Industries: Full Weight (~3.33 Points)
Annual Median Wage Growth for STEM Workers (2017 vs. 2015): Half Weight (~1.67 Points)
STEM-Friendliness – Total Points: 33.33
Mathematics Performance*: Full Weight (~5.13 Points)
Note: This metric considers standardized math test scores of fourth and eighth graders.
Share of Best Engineering Schools: Full Weight (~5.13 Points)
Note: This metric measures the number of engineering universities in the top 105 of U.S. News & World Report's “Best Engineering Schools” ranking.
Quality of Engineering Universities: Full Weight (~5.13 Points)
Note: This metric is based on U.S. News & World Report's “Best Engineering Schools” score.
Disparity of Women vs. Men in STEM Occupations*: Full Weight (~5.13 Points)
Research & Development (R&D) Spending & Intensity*: Full Weight (~5.13 Points)
Utility Patents*: Half Weight (~2.56 Points)
Note: “Utility Patents” refers to state-granted invention patents as a percentage of the U.S. total.
Number of Tech Meetups per Capita: Half Weight (~2.56 Points)
Presence of Tech Summer Programs: Half Weight (~2.56 Points)
Note: This binary metric considers the presence or absence of Tech Summer Programs in the cities.
Quality of Life – Total Points: 33.33
Videos for News Use:
Sources: Data used to create this ranking were collected from the U.S. Census Bureau, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Center on Education and the Workforce, United States Patent and Trademark Office, National Center for Education Statistics, National Science Foundation, Council for Community and Economic Research, Indeed, U.S. News & World Report, Salary.com, Institute for Women's Policy Research, Meetup, iD Tech and WalletHub research.
Image: Syda Productions / Shutterstock.com
Was this article helpful? Yes No Awesome! Thanks for your feedback. Thank you for your feedback. Sorry! Failed to send the feedback. Please try again later. Submit
Disclaimer: Editorial and user-generated content is not provided or commissioned by financial institutions. Opinions expressed here are the author's alone and have not been approved or otherwise endorsed by any financial institution, including those that are WalletHub advertising partners. Our content is intended for informational purposes only, and we encourage everyone to respect our content guidelines. Please keep in mind that it is not a financial institution's responsibility to ensure all posts and questions are answered. Ad Disclosure: Certain offers that appear on this site originate from paying advertisers, and this will be noted on an offer's details page using the designation "Sponsored", where applicable. Advertising may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). At WalletHub we try to present a wide array of offers, but our offers do not represent all financial services companies or products.
Ireland faces at least 10 years more of austerity unless there is a change in economic policy, the Anti-Austerity Alliance has warned.
The group marked the ending of the EU/IMF bailout with a demonstration at O'Connell bridge in Dublin, hoisting a banner declaring “Troika Departed, Austerity Grounded”.
Alliance member and Socialist Party Cllr Ruth Coppinger said there would be a decade or more of the “same economic misery for the majority of people” if the Government continued on the same course.
The troika will continue to monitor developments and the EU “will effectively have control of the purse strings”, she said.
Ms Coppinger also accused the Government of “complete double speak”. At one level “they are talking about tax cuts while this year they've doubled the property tax and they're going to introduce water charges”.
The Anti-Austerity Alliance has applied to register as a new political party for the purposes of standing in the local elections and has selected 40 candidates to date, about half of them from the Socialist Party.
It was formed originally to campaign against the household charge and property tax.
Ms Coppinger, a Mulhuddart, west Dublin-based councillor, said “we've had a lot of guff about how heroic people have been and at the same time they're snatching money out of their pockets, taking medical cards away and threatening teachers if they veto a further reduction in their pay and conditions”.
Brian Leech, who will stand as a candidate in Tallaght,said Ireland had the highest emigration in the EU, one-third of under 25s were unemployed and the level mortgage arrears were increasing.
Beaumont-Donaghmede candidate for the alliance Michael O'Brien said the EU had introduced numerous powers to veto any change in economic policy.
“Investment in Ireland is at an all-time low; domestic demand has collapsed because of austerity; and debt at 125 per cent is still unsustainable,” he said.
“None of the growth forecasts made in the last few years have ever been achieved, so this debt will remain and Ireland will come under pressure to reduce it through more savage cuts and austerity.”
Bernadette Rynne, a nurse and one of four Alliance candidates in Dublin West said Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Brendan Howlin had described the 2011 general election as a “democratic revolution but we had nothing of the sort”.
She said “Labour totally betrayed us after that election by doing exactly what Fianna Fáil did before them, making us pay for a crisis we didn't create”.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Fife preacher has claimed the Scottish Government's legalisation of equal marriage will have “Biblical consequences”.
Pastor Joe Nwokoye, of Kirkcaldy, previously attracted controversy when he blamed same-sex marriage for the country's floods and economic problems.
He also claimed it was to blame for fires and people going missing. And he called for gay men and lesbians to be thrown in prison for same-sex sexual acts.
In a letter to The Courier, Pastor Nwokoye, said: “Scotland, the land of the book, has made an irreparable mistake by making a gay marriage legal in Scotland.
“I must communicate the Bible opinion to the public whether it is accepted or not. Please remember that every action of a man on this earth attracts a consequence.
“If this goes ahead on December 31 as announced, there will be Biblical consequences.”
The first same-sex marriages in Scotland took place at midnight on 31 December.
Guest post by Christian Wighus, a blue belt under Eduardo ”Teta” Rios at Frontline Academy in Oslo, Norway.
You can read a training report done about Frontline Academy here, and please come check us out if you're ever in Oslo.
I'm going a little back and forth on the timeline as this training report is actually from before I went to Phuket Top Team. I landed in Bangkok for a few days before flying south. Luckily, a friend of mine, Kjetil, whom I've trained with back at Frontline Academy in Oslo is living in Bangkok for the time being. We had set plans to go to Arete Brazilian Jiu-jitsu while I was there.
We got off the incredibly crowded BTS/Metro and jump on some motorbike taxies, which in and of itself is quite the experience. We got to what seemed like an office building. Walk up the stairs and there the gym reveals itself. I immediately notice the chill vibe. Most people are already in their Gis and doing some techniques/light rolling. I introduce myself to Andrew, the head instructor, and ask if it is OK for me to join. I jump into my Gi and tie my belt; Game time!
The class starts off easy with some warm ups. The usual format with running and shrimping. Then we move into some positional drilling to loosen up. I pair up with a white belt and we're set to practice some spider guard, which is really not my forte at all. I feel out of my comfort zone and a little pressured since I'm a blue belt and should probably know better, but decide to give it a wholehearted try. Atleast I'm used to being on the receiving end of an offensive spider guard as there are some assassins back home that utilizes it quite a lot. The first drill is pretty straight forward as it's just the switching sides with the spider guard. I get more comfortable and loose after a few tries and the switch becomes pretty easy. The white belt I'm drilling with is quite new and I try to help him out with the positioning and pressure according to what basics I know. We then move to getting the omoplata from spider guard. As we break down the position I realize the immense benefits of helping a lower belt out with the basic movements. I really forced me to open up and try to creatively problem-solve, which is the essence of jiu jitsu. Without getting too philosophical here, I do get why instructors usually find teaching bjj so rewarding.
After some experimentation on the omoplata and some adjustments from Andrew we move on to taking the armbar. The transition from omoplata to this particular armbar was pretty damn slick. The way to do it is to butt scoot away from the guy, pull the leg that's pinning the arm towards you and turn it out towards the floor with your shin resting on the back of the shoulder. The other leg swings over the head and you can pull back for the armbar. The way to prevent your opponent from rolling forward for escaping is to hold on the belt. I practically liked this setup to the armbar as I use some omoplata attacks.
But much to my surprise the chain was not done. We finished up with a back take where you insert the upper leg in between your opponents thigh and stomach. Then you just switch the hips again and use the same grip in the belt to pull the guy back into the back mount. What I really liked about this chain was that it forces you to utilize switching from one side to the other, which was especially good for me as I have a bad habit of laying too flat on my back.
As Andrew got satisfied with the technical drilling we moved into the king of the hill, where a few people start in spider guard. Bottom guy has to sweep and/or submit, top guy has to pass or submit. As I've progressed in jiu jitsu I found I quite like these types of drills as they let you focus on one particular area of your game. I start top spider guard against a purple belt. I twist my arms in and down so I get a grip on the pants, taking his feet of my biceps, pull the feet up and pass to side control. He recovers to turtle as I get the one hook in. I try to set up a good control on the collar, but his defense was just better than my grip fighting. As he goes for the escape, I catch him and go for the twister. I suddenly realize my mistake. This isn't nogi. I get embarrassed and apologize. Luckily, they are cool about it, but not a great start. As for the rest of the sessions I did manage to get some really tough rounds, hit a couple of techniques aswell as get tapped a little bit.
I guess my body was just in shock due to the climate change, since I didn't notice anything unnatural until the very end of the class. But then the dizziness really got me. I started getting tunnel vision, tickling sensation in my fingers and dry mouth. I sat down and was a little out of it. Luckily Andrew was quickly on the ball and poured me some electrolytes and water, which fixed me up. I guess that's a good testament of the kind of coach he is, he really does pay attention and care for his students, be it regulars or visitors.
After a much-needed shower, we headed down to the restaurant him and his wife is running, which is pretty close to the academy. After a good meal, a bunch of laughs and good stories I finally retired for the evening.
The Metropolitan Sewer District announced today it has come to an agreement to purchase Jim Porter's Good Time Emporium for $5 million. The agency says the property will be used for the construction of a new storage basin along Grinstead Drive and Interstate 64, part of the company's $850 million federal consent decree.
In a news release, MSD said it had been in discussions for several years with the owners of Jim Porter's, the cavernous bar and nightclub that has been in business for 25 years. According to the release, the purchase of the property “provides MSD flexibility and long-term cost savings for the construction of the basin project while providing the Jim Porter's owner an acceptable alternative to the business disruptions that would have occurred during the basin construction. MSD and the owner will work to finalize details and timelines for the eventual closing of the business.”
Ben Rogers, the owner of Jim Porter's, posted the following message on the nightclub's Facebook page today. He said he expects to stay open until MSD breaks ground on the project in 2017.
The past several months there have been many rumors about the future of Jim Porters. As Porter's celebrates 25 years of continuous, successful operations in 2015, I am happy to now set those rumors to rest. It's true. Jim Porters is currently under contract with MSD. Now that the sale has been approved by The MSD board, it is imminent that Jim Porters will close at some point in the future (to be determined) to make way for the huge MSD WIN Project. Jim Porters is “ground zero” for this public works project. It would be impossible for us to operate during the construction period. This project will take approximately 3 years to complete. Negotiations with MSD were only very recently finalized. Many details still have to be worked out. The MSD officials have been very respectful, courteous and professional to me and my family throughout this difficult process. I think they treated us fair. Jim Porters will remain open for the foreseeable future. MSD breaks ground in 2017. We will stay open as long as possible. It will simply be business as usual until further notice. We are looking very seriously at using the proceeds from the sale to re-open a bigger, better, upgraded Jim Porter's Good Time Emporium at a new location.
The Jim Porter's property was last assessed in 2009 at $860,140, according to the Jefferson County Property Valuation Administrator. MSD spokesman Steve Tedder has not yet responded to Insider Louisville's question about the discrepancy in purchase price and that assessment.
The 8.5 million gallon I-64/Grinstead CSO Basin project is estimated to cost $45 million to construct and is expected to be completed in 2020. MSD plans to locate an underground covered storage basin behind the nightclub, which is intended to protect the surrounding area from combined sewer overflows. MSD said the current property would be used as a staging area for the construction phase of the basin project, and they expect all or most of the property will be sold following completion.
***** UPDATE 3:25 p.m. *****
Responding to our question about the discrepancy between the PVA assessment of the property and the $5 million purchase price, MSD's chief engineer Steve Emly told Insider Louisville that the agency doesn't put much stock in PVA figures.
“We don't use PVA for fair market value,” said Emly. “I don't think anybody does when you're purchasing property. So I wouldn't put much amount into that PVA evaluation.”
Instead, Emly said MSD used appraisals and other purchase offers for the property shared by the Jim Porter's owner, as well as its own appraisers. MSD's appraisers valued the land at a range of $3.2-$3.8 million.
Emly said the extra amount that bumped the purchase price to $5 million was the agency's consideration of the savings for MSD that would come with purchasing the entire property instead of buying temporary easements during the construction. He said using the Jim Porter's property as a staging area allows MSD construction crews easy access to Lexington Road, and negotiations with its owner for temporary easements would have been costly when factoring in the loss of business for Jim Porter's.
Emly also confirmed MSD has the power of eminent domain but chose not to use it.
***** UPDATE #2 4:33 p.m. *****
MSD spokesman Steve Tedder tells IL that they will not be able to work around the Jim Porter's building once construction begins, and it will have to be demolished. The building was constructed in 1961.
As for the Beargrass Creek greenway and trail behind Jim Porter's, Tedder also says that “during construction there may be disruption to the trail itself but we don't know that yet. The basin site is above the trail. The leave behind, we believe, will be an enhancement and that has been the subject of 2 public meetings so far and will be the subject of future public meetings as we gather input on what residents want.”
The Queensland Reds will be waiting on scans to determine the severity of Samu Kerevi's hand injury.
Kerevi cut a forlorn figure on the Reds sideline after coming off with the injury midway through the second half of the Reds' 30-17 win over the Cheetahs.
Reds co-coach Nick Stiles said the outside centre would have scans on Sunday to diagnose the injury, which could be a broken hand.
If that is the case, Kerevi could miss a month of Super Rugby, a timeline that would keep him in the running for Test duties in June.
"With Samu, it's a suspected broken hand," Stiles said.
"That'll be scanned tomorrow and potentially if it's broken it could be three to four weeks, depending on the severity."
Captain James Slipper said the setback was a blow for Kerevi but shouldn't count out his chances of a Wallabies spot, in June or later on.
"It'd be extremely disappointing for him to miss any games," he said.
"He's been a crucial part of our team not just this year but last year as well.
"He's grown not just as a player on the field but a bloke off the field. He's one of our young leaders.
"He's got a level head on himself. I don't think he needs to be about future aspirations with the Wallabies, he just needs to be concentrating on staying fit and sorting through his injuries and playing good rugby, which he's consistently been doing.
"We all know he's a future Wallaby so he just needs to keep being consistent, stay humble and keep working hard.
"He's a great bloke and would serve this country very well."
Kerevi's injury was a sour point in an otherwise positive night for the Reds, in which a second-half effort helped them break away from the Cheetahs, in stark contrast to recent efforts.
Slipper said that was one big benefit to take out of the 30-17 win.
"We've been guilty in recent weeks of resting on our laurels a bit (but tonight) we wanted the scoreboard to keep ticking over, keep the pressure on them and execute, which I thought we did.
The Reds travel to New Zealand next weekend to face the Crusaders in what will be a major challenge for Queensland.
2008 was the year that Web 2.0 became more mainstream. More ad agencies, businesses, and non-profits used Web 2.0 tools as a way to build community and relationships, cross promote products and issues, and integrate their online and offline marketing strategies. Some like Zappos were extremely successful and nailed their Web 2.0 strategy while others like the makers of Motrin were burned by mommy bloggers for not doing proper research on their target audience.
advertisement
advertisement
With the economy in a slump and budgets being cut in traditional print and TV advertising campaigns many will be looking to the Web 2.0 world to reach their constituents. So what should be on your Web 2.0 radar for 2009? Web 2.0 gurus give you the low down. Chris Brogan: New Marketing Labs
“2009 sees a few things: site mergers/acquisitions for some of the weaker social network platforms, and a stronger push towards identity portability and friend (social graph) portability. We love our social networks, but why should I suddenly develop amnesia when you and I join a new one? It should know we're friends and treat us accordingly.” Chris Brogan's Website and Blog Mary Hodder, Founder of Dabble.com and VP of Product Development, Apisphere “The future of social media is user's owning their data, deciding who to send it to. Look for more companies that currently host the user's identity to have less control over that, as things like Open ID take over and more companies try to compete by giving users more control over themselves. Look for ways users can own their own data, and companies that might offer that, sort of like a personal information bank. The changes may seem subtle but I think we'll see companies now, like Facebook, who try to be everything to you: your bank account for info, your identity, your tools for publishing, and your bar/restaurant for socializing, having to give up some of those roles or hold them less powerfully. And I don't think it's natural for one company to hold all that power. It leaves you with very little control over your online self. Of course, Facebook will fight this to the last, so they won't be the first to give up some of this control. Others will and eventually to compete Facebook will follow. But they are the great example of the problem.
advertisement
The other big change will be in companies finally building for revenue in the social and any other space online, as they build for growth in their free or social products.” Mary Hodder's Blog Tara Hunt, Co-Founder Citizen Agency and Citizen Space
“Social Media will cease to be such an ‘experimental' field in marketing and will start to become part of the main core of good campaigns. Web 2.0 is the participatory web – which means that the power of this time is that we are all producers. In former days of marketing, companies delivered messages and goods and customers were meant to consume them. Not so much any longer. Customers are major players in the arena of marketing – I would argue more so than the marketing professionals themselves now – so it is important to realize that and shift the marketing program to be more about how you interact and empower those customers rather than how you control and spread the message.” Tara Hunt's Website
Tara Hunt's Blog
Charlene Li, Consultant and Blogger
“The biggest innovation will be the opening of social networks so that they can exchange profiles, social relationships, and applications. As such, companies need to think about how they will “open” up their businesses. For example, rather than create your own community, could you leverage a community that already exists on MySpace, Facebook, or LinkedIn?” Charlene Li's Website and Blog
advertisement
Susan Mernit, Co-Founder, People Software
“I see social media in 2009 becoming more and more accessible to mainstream audiences. Twitter, seesmic, YouTube and other tools we saw as playgrounds for the young have moved into the digerati toolbox and are migrating to the mainstream. This means that everyone will experience what bloggers and gamers learned at least 5 years ago–following people online is a great way to virtually know and screen potential contacts and friends, as well as a tool to maintain connections. As for tech, I'm excited about personal devices–smart phones, integrated devices–I want to see them come down in price and go into wider distribution so people don't need to rely so much on computers.” Susan Mernit's Website
Susan Mernit's Blog Rebecca Moore, Director of Outreach, Google Earth
“From a mapping perspective, you can expect to see much richer integration of “location-aware” services with a variety of devices. For example, mobile devices (such as those powered by Android) now commonly include GPS. Of course this can be used for applications like “find pizza places near me”, but also can be used, for example, when a natural disaster hits. Imagine that local people on the ground will be able to easily map and share where bridges are out, roads are closed, or where emergency shelters and medical care are available. Keep in mind that in the developing world, people have far more phones than laptops. In terms of social media, I think we are just at the beginning of “collaborative mapping” – people working together with friends and colleagues to build shared maps of places they care about. Also, the grassroots environmental organization Appalachian Voices has combined social networking and mapping in an interesting way on their advocacy site to end mountaintop-removal coal mining: here's a map of all the people referred to the site by actor/activist Woody Harrelson, including their “degree of separation” from Woody. We might be seeing more “social maps” like this in 2009.” Rebecca Moore's Website Nate Ritter: Entrepreneur and Web Developer
“The biggest changes have already started, but we'll see the tech take shape and make more money in 2009. They'll make money because they'll be forced to with the drying up of available VC and angel capital.
advertisement
(1) Location based services will proliferate and become more useful to the end user. (2) Aggregation services will change from just “drinking from the fire hose” to become very specific aggregation tools, perhaps with very specific use cases. The amount of data we can consume as humans stays limited, but filtering that data to become useful for specific reasons is not only something that's doable, it has an incentive… targeted customers. Those customers might be businesses or consumers, but the days of shooting from the hip with a shotgun approach are quickly ending. Shooting from the hip will stay, because it's fast, easy and cheap (and will get faster, easier, and cheaper) to build web applications. But being fast doesn't mean you're being smart. I truly believe that 2009 is a huge opportunity. The bigger the threat, the bigger the opportunity.” Nate Ritter's Website and Blog: Richard Yoo, Founder of Hush Labs and former CEO of Rackspace Hosting
“I'm not sure that things will evolve the way people have seen in the
past. I predict that it'll mostly be about trying to figure out what users
really want and what they find most important then fine-tuning things based
on that feedback. The pace of evolution may really slow down by
comparison, but the user experience will be far better. We'll also see a shakedown of Web 2.0 companies – some will survive,
but many will just shut down. The ones that survive will have figured
out a revenue model, or are simply critical to their user base's
day-to-day lives.”
advertisement
FILE PHOTO - Shoppers enjoy last-minute Christmas shopping in the week before Christmas on Oxford Street in London, Britain December 19, 2017. REUTERS/Simon Dawson
London (Reuters) - British retail sales enjoyed solid growth in the run-up to Christmas though underlying trading conditions remained tough, a survey by the Confederation of British Industry showed on Wednesday.
The CBI distributive trades survey's retail sales balance fell to +20 in December from +26 in November, in line with the forecast in a Reuters poll and the survey's long-run average.
Britain's economy has slowed this year, in part because a pick-up in inflation driven by last year's vote to leave the European Union has eaten into consumers' disposable income.
“Retailers have seen decent growth heading into the vital Christmas trading period, although it was weaker than expected,” CBI economist Alpesh Paleja said.
“Notwithstanding the sales growth seen in the last couple of months, underlying trading conditions are tough for retailers. We expect the squeeze on real pay for households to last a while longer, so retailers will still face challenging conditions ahead,” he added.
The CBI said sales growth was boosted by supermarket spending.
Last week official figures showed that British shoppers pounced on electrical goods and other Black Friday bargains last month, giving an unexpectedly big boost to retail sales.
This contrasted with earlier signs of a subdued start to festive spending from November's CBI and British Retail Consortium surveys.
December's CBI survey covered the period Nov. 23 to Dec. 14.
There's a hero in all of us, but only a chosen few let them out to fight their fullest! This September, join World of Tanks in remembering heroes past and present while building up your own with a two-week Free XP to Crew XP conversion event from Sept. 1 to 14! There's lots more this month, so check out the schedule below.
Mariya Oktyabrskaya Crew and T-34 “Fighting Girlfriend” Hero Tank
• Fighting Girlfriend + Crew Bundles: Sept. 1 - 21
• Crimson Knights Return: Sept. 1 - 21
• Tankman's Day Op: Sept. 10
We kick off September by remembering Mariya Oktyabrskaya , the first female tanker to receive the Hero of the Soviet Union award; the highest honor for bravery in combat. Her signature tank “Fighting Girlfriend” joins the returning Crimson Knights in the Premium Shop. Scoop up any “Fighting Girlfriend” bundle to recruit Mariya in your Crew!
Celebrate these heroes Soviet-style with a one-day "Tankman's Day" Op and win a x3 XP Booster!
Earn Your Honor!
• Honor T-28e Earn Op: Sept. 1 - 14
Whether it's the concept or a tank with its namesake, honor is earned, not given! Take to the fields and earn enough XP in honorable battle to add this tank to your garage.
War Stories
• Operation Sealion: Begins Sept. 19
The next War Stories chapter features new challenges, and a new turning point in history!
In "Operation Sealion," wage a desperate resistance alongside British forces against invading German Forces in the Battle of Britain. Can the tide be turned against the Panzer waves, or will Britain fall to German might? Your skills will decide!
Tokyo Game Show Spectacular
• Tokyo Game Show Op: Sept. 21 - 24
• Valkyria Chronicles Tanks Return: Sept. 21 - 24
• Fight for Your Academy: Sept. 21 - 24
• New Japanese Tanks: Sept. 15 - Oct. 5
Get ready for a weekend Japanese invasion! Join the Tokyo Game Show fun with special event Ops, anime tanks, and a clash between martial arts academies in the Fight for Your Academy Op.
Plus, check out two new Japanese tanks: the Senshi STA-2 and the Heavy Tank No. VI!
Senshi STA-2
Heavy Tank No. VI
Ranked Battles
Sept. 29 - Oct. 1
Heroes clash in competitive events all across World of Tanks! Do you have what it takes to stand with legends?
Project VALOR: Remembrance
• Project VALOR-Remembrance Emblem: Sept. 1 - 30
• Project VALOR-Remembrance Op: Sept. 1 - 8
Some heroes give it all.
In support of our Project VALOR (Veterans and Loved Ones Responsibility), Wargaming America has partnered up with the National Desert Storm War Memorial, a national monument to be built in 2021 that honors the 650,000 service members who served and the 383 military members who died during Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm in 1990.
New Map
• New Map - Raseiniai: Sept. 1
A new console-exclusive map premieres! Based on a real-world location fought in Operation Barbarossa, Raseiniai centers on a pivotal bridge where securing control is key.
The Tower Stone Map Constellation Hold Winterhold Hold Location Halfway between Winterhold and Dawnstar , at the top of the cliff. Type Standing Stone Description Those under the sign of The Tower have the option to automatically open Expert or lower locks. Effect Unlock any Expert or lower level lock once per day. Location ID DoomstoneSnowy01
For other uses, see The Tower Stone.
The Tower Stone is a standing stone in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
Contents show]
Effect Edit
The Tower Stone enables the Dragonborn the ability to automatically open expert or lower level locks once a day.
Location Edit
The Stone can be found between Winterhold and Dawnstar, on a mountain, directly west of the College of Winterhold. If the Dragonborn has already been to Hob's Fall Cave, the stone can be seen from the entrance. It lies north by northwest of the cave's entrance on top of a cliff.
Immediately surrounding the Tower stone are several birds nests on small stunted trees, which may each contain a random bird egg. There are two quicksilver ore veins upon approaching the Stone.
Trivia Edit
This stone's blessing comes in handy for escaping from prison, as both chests have Expert locks. Simply get the Dragonborn's equipment (including all their lockpicks) from one chest and unlock the other.
Vice Media co-founder Gavin McInnes tweeted the identities of two brothers allegedly beaten up by “skinheads” in a Manhattan bar, because he believes the pair embellished their tale — but police sources say they have a mountain of evidence that knocks down his theory.
“I found the brothers who made up that story about being attacked by skinheads,” McInnes tweeted, along with the pair's names. “They said the skinheads had brass knuckles and were waving a knife around. All lies.”
But police recovered a bloody pair of brass knuckles at the scene and arrested one of the half-dozen alleged attackers, according to a criminal complaint filed with the Manhattan district attorney.
The victims told cops six or seven “skinheads” wearing patches from nationalist group the “211 Bootboys” beat them up as they were leaving bar Clockwork on Essex Street on the Lower East Side at 12:30 a.m. Feb. 12, because one of them had a “New York City Anti-fascists” sticker on his phone.
The brothers tried to run away, but their attackers chased them down Essex Street and then onto Hester Street, where the group caught the brothers and continued the beating, sources said. Officers in an undercover police car driving by saw the two bloodied victims on the sidewalk trying to call 911, and eventually brought them back to the bar to identify one of their attackers.
But McInnes, who left Vice in 2008, claims he spoke with several witnesses who told him the brothers were the aggressors and said he is justified in revealing the Columbia grad students' identities.
“If these guys didn't lie about neo-Nazis attacking them for nothing, then I would never consider doing that,” McInnes told The Post on Monday. “I'm sick of these left-wing psychopaths ruining people's lives.”
He outed the pair on Twitter — posting their full names, handles, and photos apparently taken from Facebook. And followers soon pounced on the two.
“@Gavin_McInnes damnit, was hoping that story was real lmao..sh–…lets beat their asses anyway,” replied user @theeantiliberal.
Online trolls began threatening the brothers — who eventually took down their social media accounts — and pestering their colleagues, one victim told The Post.
“We were getting doxxed pretty hard when he released our info,” one brother said, referring to the practice of publicizing people's personal information online. “People found every part of our social media — we had to close our Twitter accounts. A lot of people we work with — particularly in academic side — ended up getting messages. We were getting questions from people we hadn't worked with in five years.”
Not to be confused with agricultural economics (also known as agronomics).
For a broader coverage of this topic, see Agricultural science
Agronomist An agronomist measures and records corn growth and other processes. Occupation Names agronomist
agricultural scientist
crop scientist Occupation type profession Activity sectors agriculture, agronomy Description Competencies technical knowledge, sense of analysis Fields of
employment food industry, science, research and development Related jobs see related disciplines
Agronomy (from Ancient Greek ἀγρός agrós "field" and νόμος nómos "law") is the science and technology of producing and using plants for food, fuel, fiber, and land reclamation. Agronomy has come to encompass work in the areas of plant genetics, plant physiology, meteorology, and soil science. It is the application of a combination of sciences like biology, chemistry, economics, ecology, earth science, and genetics. Agronomists of today are involved with many issues, including producing food, creating healthier food, managing the environmental impact of agriculture, and extracting energy from plants.[1] Agronomists often specialise in areas such as crop rotation, irrigation and drainage, plant breeding, plant physiology, soil classification, soil fertility, weed control, and insect and pest control.
Definition [ edit ]
The best definition for agronomy is that it is the branch of agriculture that deals with the principles and practices of soil management and crop production.
Plant breeding [ edit ]
An agronomist field sampling a trial plot of flax.
This area of agronomy involves selective breeding of plants to produce the best crops under various conditions. Plant breeding has increased crop yields and has improved the nutritional value of numerous crops, including corn, soybeans, and wheat. It has also led to the development of new types of plants. For example, a hybrid grain called triticale was produced by crossbreeding rye and wheat. Triticale contains more usable protein than does either rye or wheat. Agronomy has also been instrumental in fruit and vegetable production research.
Biotechnology [ edit ]
An agronomist mapping a plant genome
Agronomists use biotechnology to extend and expedite the development of desired characteristic.[2] Biotechnology is often a lab activity requiring field testing of the new crop varieties that are developed.
In addition to increasing crop yields agronomic biotechnology is increasingly being applied for novel uses other than food. For example, oilseed is at present used mainly for margarine and other food oils, but it can be modified to produce fatty acids for detergents, substitute fuels and petrochemicals.
Soil science [ edit ]
Agronomists study sustainable ways to make soils more productive and profitable throughout the world. They classify soils and analyze them to determine whether they contain nutrients vital to plant growth. Common macronutrients analyzed include compounds of nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, calcium, magnesium, and sulfur. Soil is also assessed for several micronutrients, like zinc and boron. The percentage of organic matter, soil pH, and nutrient holding capacity (cation exchange capacity) are tested in a regional laboratory. Agronomists will interpret these lab reports and make recommendations to balance soil nutrients for optimal plant growth.[3]
Soil conservation [ edit ]
In addition, agronomists develop methods to preserve the soil and to decrease the effects of erosion by wind and water. For example, a technique called contour plowing may be used to prevent soil erosion and conserve rainfall. Researchers in agronomy also seek ways to use the soil more effectively in solving other problems. Such problems include the disposal of human and animal manure, water pollution, and pesticide build-up in the soil. As well as looking after the soil for future generations to come, such as the burning of paddocks after crop production. As well as pasture [management] Techniques include no-tilling crops, planting of soil-binding grasses along contours on steep slopes, and contour drains of depths up to 1 metre.[citation needed]
Agroecology [ edit ]
Agroecology is the management of agricultural systems with an emphasis on ecological and environmental perspectives.[4] This area is closely associated with work in the areas of sustainable agriculture, organic farming, and alternative food systems and the development of alternative cropping systems.
Theoretical modeling [ edit ]
Theoretical production ecology tries to quantitatively study the growth of crops. The plant is treated as a kind of biological factory, which processes light, carbon dioxide, water, and nutrients into harvestable products. The main parameters considered are temperature, sunlight, standing crop biomass, plant production distribution, and nutrient and water supply.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
In the latest in a series of announcements related to pro-nuclear advocacy campaigns, the Third Way, a DC think tank, has announced the creation of 21st Century Nuclear, a campaign made up of leading experts and innovators who are committed to the development of advanced nuclear technologies.
Third Way's Vice President Josh Freed will lead the effort with a board of advisors who will provide research and analysis on nuclear innovation in the United States. They will advocate for federal policies that support the commercialization of advanced nuclear reactors.
“The maintenance of our existing nuclear fleet and the development of advanced nuclear reactors are both essential to addressing climate change and meeting growing global energy demand,” said Freed.
“Our hope is that this campaign and the important figures leading it will help drive these efforts forward.”
Currently, 48 companies in North America backed by more than $1.6 billion in private capital are working to develop advanced nuclear reactors to provide clean, affordable and safe energy. The 21st Century Nuclear campaign will support commercialization efforts by advancing policy solutions and bringing together experts to coordinate efforts for optimal impact.
“I am excited to support Third Way's efforts to advanced nuclear technologies,” said Ray Rothrock, partner emeritus of Venrock and new board member of 21st Century Nuclear.
“Washington must become a partner with the private sector, so that advanced nuclear companies put as many ‘shots on goal' as possible to develop a new generation of reactors that provide cost-competitive, reliable, dispatchable, safe, and clean electricity. This is exactly the kind of innovation the United States does best. 21st Century Nuclear is focused on modernizing our federal R&D and regulatory structures to help make sure it happens now. Time is of the essence.”
Other founding advisory board members for the campaign include Rachel Pritzker, president of the Pritzker Innovation Fund; William Budinger, founder and former CEO of Rodel, Inc.; and Ross Koningstein, director emeritus of Google Inc.
“A new generation of young engineers, entrepreneurs, and private investors is spurring a boom in nuclear innovation to create different types of reactors that are safer, more efficient, and scalable to meet a variety of energy needs,” said Koningstein.
“I am optimistic that advanced nuclear technology can be transformative — bringing more clean cheap reliable energy to people who don't have it today, and offering new applications that today's fuel sources can't economically provide,” he said.
Legislative initiative passes in US Senate
The Third Way effort follows several previous announcements by advocates of the existing nuclear fleet, for new small modular reactors, and for advanced nuclear reactors. Some of these efforts appear to be paying off. Recent legislative initiatives on energy policy, related to nuclear energy passed, in the US Senate by overwhelming majorities.
The legislation, S2012 sponsored by Senators Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) and Mike Crapo (R-ID), directs the U.S. Department of Energy to partner with private innovators on new reactor technologies and the testing and demonstration of new reactor designs.
There are unusually high levels of bipartisan support for this measure on nuclear energy. Jim Conca, a nuclear analyst for Forbes, says, “it signals a shift in views on nuclear in light of climate change and grid reliability.”
# # #
“Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” is already a hot ticket. The space opera spinoff recorded the second-highest first day of pre-sales in domestic box office history, Imax Entertainment CEO Greg Foster said at an investor conference on Tuesday.
The record-holder for first day pre-sales is “Star Wars: The Force Awakens,” which debuted last year to nearly $248 million. “Rogue One” is on track to open to north of $130 million when it debuts on Dec. 16. Foster didn't give specifics about how many tickets had been sold.
Fandango and MovieTickets.com, the country's two leading digital ticketing services, both report that “Rogue One” was the biggest first day of pre-sales for the year.
Foster said that the Imax portion of those sales is “on the high end of the range of what the blockbuster the biggest titles have done.”
“There's a strong sense of optimism about the movie,” he said, adding, “There's a sense that the consumer marketplace has embraced the film in its first 36 hours.”
“Rogue One” caps a record-breaking year for Disney, the company that shelled out $4 billion in 2012 to buy Lucasfilm. The film unit has established a new high-water mark at the box office thanks to hits such as “Moana,” “Doctor Strange,” “Finding Dory,” “Zootopia,” and “The Jungle Book.”
“Rogue One” is the first standalone “Star Wars” film to exist apart from the Skywalker family saga. Lucasfilm is also planning to do an origin story about Han Solo's early days, and has cast Alden Ehrenreich in the lead role. There are two other “Star Wars” sequels on deck in the coming years, which will continue the stories of Luke, Leia, and the next generation of Jedi knights.
“Rogue One” is directed by Gareth Edwards (“Godzilla”) and stars Felicity Jones as a rebel fighter tasked with stealing plans for the Death Star.
This article is over 4 years old
Captain had to apply significant back pressure to lift off after 87 primary school children were assigned adult weight
Qantas flight struggles to take off as child passengers tip balance
A Qantas Boeing 737 flight from Canberra to Perth had a “nose-heavy” take-off after more than half of the passengers were assigned the incorrect weight.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) said in a report released on Wednesday that 87 primary school children on the flight on 9 May had been assigned the standard adult weight of 87kg during check-in.
The flight was also carrying 63 adult passengers and crew.
With the children seated together at the rear of the cabin, the aircraft appeared nose-heavy during take-off, forcing the captain to apply significant back pressure to achieve lift-off from the runway.
Too much back pressure could have caused the aircraft tail to strike the runway, but the captain managed to ease the aircraft into the air.
It was subsequently determined that the final load sheet overstated the aircraft take-off weight by 3.5 to five tonnes.
The ATSB said Qantas had issued a new procedure notification to check-in staff, reminding them to ensure that when a group movement advice referred to children, they must also be accepted as children in the customer management system.
Qantas said the problem was due to an administrative error. “The weight of some passengers was incorrectly recorded as adults rather than children. This mean that the aircraft didn't have the optimum configuration for takeoff, but at no stage was this a material risk to passenger safety,” a spokesperson said.
“Qantas has since reinforced the requirements for accurately recording adult and child weights to make sure this does not occur again.”
Freeway users across Perth could be nabbed with more speeding fines than ever, as the state government plans to install a raft of fixed cameras.
In response to an increase in deaths in the 2014 road toll, on the previous year, Road Safety Minister Liza Harvey has announced a number of measures in an attempt to reduce the carnage.
After a reduction of road deaths in 2013, when 161 road deaths were recorded in WA, fatal incidents were on the rise again in 2014, with 181 fatalities on the roads.
In a bid to target three major components of the road toll: speed, motorcycle fatalities and country road crashes, new plans will see the installation of fixed speed cameras in four existing locations on the freeway and one on Roe Highway
To the right, Eghisapet Sultanian, great grandmother of musician Derek Sherinian during the 1895 Hamidian massacres
“My grandmother's mother, Yeghisapet, lost her husband to the massacres. The [Ottoman] Turks killed all the men in the Armenian villages, and thus, the women—their wives—were forced to take up arms and fight back. I have a photograph of my great grandmother, some time after March, with gun in hand. But my grandma was only two or three years old at the time. A family friend had promised to take my grandma out of Turkey and bring her safely to Boston[, Massachusetts], where his acquaintances would care for her. Turns out, that family friend, once in Boston, gave my grandma away to a very wealthy Armenian family. Yeghisapet miraculously survived the Genocide, and after many years of searching for her child, finally found her. “
(Source: vartanm)
A Dallas police officer has been charged with allegedly forcing a woman to perform multiple sex acts while he was on duty.
According to the Dallas Morning News, police arrested Officer David Kattner on Sunday at around 1:20 a.m.
An arrest warrant obtained by the paper said that Kattner had sexually assaulted the woman three times. The woman said that Kattner had shown her warrants for her arrest, and told her that he knew where her daughter lived.
The warrant stated that Kattner was wearing his Dallas Police Department uniform, and driving a marked patrol car when the assault occurred. It also stated that the officer kept his hand on his service weapon while he forced the victim to perform the sex act on him.
The woman felt that she had to comply because Kattner had threatened her safety and the safety of her daughter, the warrant said.
Officials with the Dallas Police Department said that Kattner was accused of making prostitutes perform sex acts. It was not immediately clear, however, that the victim was a prostitute.
Kattner was placed on administrative leave and booked into the Dallas County Jail. His bond was set at $50,000.
Investigators were seeking other potential victims in the case.
Not yet, anyway, but it's clear that the $1.3 million plan that saved the Barons from bankruptcy is only a stopgap to the problems NHL owners refuse to face
The Cleveland Barons finished what they thought would be their last practice one morning last week, then gathered at Little Joe's Pub to wait for their team to expire. For more than a month the Barons had lived on skid row, the victims of meager home crowds, a last-place record in their division and a financially strapped owner—San Francisco hotel-man Mel Swig—who had poured $2.4 million into the ailing franchise over the last six months and now saw no reason to prolong his misery.
The Barons had received their Feb. 1 paychecks two weeks late, and they were still owed their Feb. 15 checks. On one road trip, a bus driver refused to transport the Barons from their hotel to the arena until he was paid in cash, and a Pittsburgh hotel refused to house the team until Coach Jack Evans agreed to put the entire bill on his American Express card. Back home, the Barons' credit rating was no better; one day a company reclaimed a videotape machine from Evans' office while the coach was at lunch. "Someday it'll all seem funny," said Forward Gary Sabourin. "But now I just want to be a long way from Cleveland and the Barons."
As Sabourin spoke, the odds were that he and all the other Barons would be a long way from Cleveland before their scheduled home game the next night against the Buffalo Sabres. In fact, the Barons had told Swig they all would retire immediately unless he produced their late paychecks and showed financial proof that the club would be able to complete the schedule. For his part, Swig said he had already lost enough money on the Barons, while the other NHL owners, who had lost more than $11 million trying to keep the Barons afloat when they were located in Oakland, insisted they would not bail out the franchise again.
The Oakland-Cleveland mess has always been an eyesore for the NHL, which has repeatedly boasted that, unlike the rival WHA, it has never folded a sick club in the middle of a season. Three years ago the league bought back the Oakland team from Charles O. Finley for some $7 million, then sold it to Swig a year later for $3.5 million. Before purchasing the Seals, Swig had received assurances from the city of San Francisco that it planned to construct a 17,000-seat arena in the Yerba Buena redevelopment complex there, and it was his plan to move the Seals across the Bay from Oakland to San Francisco. But the Yerba Buena deal collapsed, so last summer Swig transferred his team from Oakland to Cleveland, recently vacated by the WHA's Crusaders, who tried to move to Florida but landed in Minnesota instead—and promptly went bankrupt.
The Barons arrived in Cleveland just six weeks before the start of the season, but for some reason Swig declined to budget funds for promotion. Complicating matters, suburban Richfield—the site of the Coliseum—is somewhere between Akron and Nome, and inaccessible by public transportation. The Barons drew poorly from the start, averaging only 5,300 spectators per game. With his seasonal losses approaching $2.4 million, Swig searched for local investors, and for a time he thought that George Gund III, who owns about 30% of the franchise, would purchase another piece. But when it came time for Gund to put up his money, he was fishing in Chile.
As a result, the office staff was not paid for two months, and when an office boy was sent out to get paper cups for the coffee machine, the paper company refused to give him the cups. Swig suggested that the players take a 27½% pay cut, but they balked. Then Swig was unable to meet the Feb. 1 payroll. The NHL finally stepped in and paid the players on Feb. 15, but there was no guarantee of future checks. "Considering what they've been through, the players have been remarkable," said Acting General Manager Harry Howell. "In fact, they've had better than a .500 record since the day they missed their first paycheck."
Nevertheless, the financial crisis had clearly affected the Barons. "We got to the point where we felt like no one cared—not the Players' Association, not the fans, not the club, not even the league," said Defenseman Bob Stewart, the Barons' player representative. "We'd even like to be booed, anything that shows someone's interested." The Barons voted to strike and not play a game against Colorado, but Alan Eagleson, the executive director of the NHL Players' Association and the agent for several team members, convinced them to suit up for two more games. If there was no guarantee of salaries at that time, Eagleson said, they could retire, let the team fold and have the league dispose of them.
"That's what we want," said Forward Bob Murdoch. "A lot of guys have heard from other clubs, and they want to go."
Many of the Barons at Little Joe's talked about where they might end up when the club expired. The hottest rumor was that the rich New York Rangers had already offered Swig more than $1 million for three of his best players—Goaltender Gilles Meloche and Forwards Dennis Maruk and Murdoch, the older brother of Ranger rookie Don Murdoch. Buffalo, too, reportedly wanted Meloche, while Toronto desired Forward Rick Hampton and Defenseman Stewart, the Bruins sought Boston native Mike Fidler and Philadelphia was anxious to reclaim Left Wing Al MacAdam.
Then the Barons received the news they least expected: the Cleveland franchise was still alive, if not completely healthy, and would complete the season. With the zero hour approaching, Eagleson had proposed a novel survival plan. The Players' Association, Eagleson said, would take out a $600,000 loan to help finance Cleveland's operations if Swig and the other NHL owners contributed a similar amount.
Eagleson's proposal was overwhelmingly approved. Swig contributed $350,000 of his money, the 17 other NHL owners tossed in $20,000 apiece—and the Barons had the $1.3 million they needed to pay expenses this year. "What we've done." said NHL President Clarence Campbell, "is give Cleveland one last chance to prove it wants this team. But there is no guarantee there will be a Cleveland hockey team next season."
The Barons reacted to the infusion of fresh capital by losing three games in four nights, and attracting a total of only 9,634 for their two home games. "A lot of guys are a little upset about still being in Cleveland," Maruk said. "You figure, what the hell, we're not going to be here next year. Why not let us go someplace else now and let us establish ourselves. Everybody knows we have to play, but nobody wants to get hurt or spoil things for a deal for next year. There are a lot of mixed feelings about things."
The interesting aspect of Eagleson's artificial respiration is that it was the Players' Association that saved the team. But this was not entirely surprising, for hockey players always have genuinely cared about the survival of their sport, and the NHL's Players' Association has more power in the conduct of its game than any of the other players' unions.
"The first purpose of a union is not to keep salaries high for a few players but to maintain as many jobs as possible," says Philadelphia's Bobby Clarke, the president of the NHLPA. "Beyond that, the sport is as much our business as it is the owners'." In fact, Clarke and the other NHL players have shown little interest in the so-called freedom issues that have plagued the other major sports; the NHL players were the first to agree to compensation arrangements for players who exercised their options, to an amateur draft and to a moratorium on legal actions. "We don't want to be like baseball," says Clarke.
Throughout the Cleveland crisis the players showed more interest in the "integrity of the game" than did the owners. While some teams—most notably the Rangers—wanted an auction of the Barons personnel, Clarke insisted that such a lottery "would be all wrong. What about the fans of a team that can't afford to buy players? Even free agency would be wrong, because teams like the Rangers and Flyers would sign the best players. The rich get richer, the poor get poorer. If the players are to be dispersed, there should be a straight dispersal draft." But wouldn't Clarke prefer to see the Flyers buy the players who might help them win the Stanley Cup? "The game and its integrity are more important than what one person wants," he says. "All our salaries must come down. It's crazy. Do you realize there are guys in the minor leagues making $150,000 a year? That's got to change."
Eagleson agrees with Clarke. "This Cleveland situation is just the tip of the iceberg," he says. "Look, if we filed protests all over the place and forced the owners to live by every word in the collective-bargaining agreement, we could have bankrupted half a dozen teams this season. But we don't want to bankrupt anyone. The players don't mind inconveniences in certain instances. However, it's about time the league realizes it has to strengthen itself and get rid of these constant crises. They've got to stop bailing out one another. NHL teams will lose $15 to $18 million overall this year. The only answer is a restructuring of the NHL back to 14 or 15 teams.
"What the players have said is that they appreciate the problems and care about them. But this Cleveland thing is a one-shot deal. The players aren't going to bail out the owners again. This game is in big trouble, and the players can't be the only ones doing anything about it."
Said one NHL general manager, "The players have leadership in Eagleson and Clarke, but the owners are 18 men with 18 selfish interests."
So the Barons live for now, but their future—like that of the entire NHL—is uncertain. "The gold rush is over," one player admitted. "Most of us now realize that $40,000 or $50,000 a year is a damn good living wage."
PHOTO Trying to keep their dampened spirits wet, the Barons awaited word of their fate in Little Joe's Pub.
PHOTO Sabourin planned to beat unemployment lines.
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sometimes, an image says it all. Occasionally, a picture really doesn't need any words from clever types like us.
Take the Jack Wilshere photo up there at the top of the page, snapped during England's latest Euro 2016 training session.
On so many levels, it is - quite simply - perfection.
That's why we decided to say nothing… and instead asked our Twitter followers to come up with the ideal caption for this masterpiece.
Unsurprisingly, there were a whole load of responses we can't publish for moral/legal/disgust reasons.
But even when you remove all of them, there were a whole load of replies that were borderline genius…
WELL DONE, EVERYONE!
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Blood is obviously important for the body well being. Blood flow through the brain is essential for the delivery of nutrients such as glucose and oxygen that are needed for nerve cells to function. During the early stages of Alzheimer's disease patients can suffer from high blood pressure and blood flow through the brain is reduced: the greater the reduction, the worse patients' dementia may become.
Dementia is a non-specific illness in which affected areas of cognition may be memory, attention, language, and problem-solving. It is normally required to be present for at least 6 months to be diagnosed. In all types of general cognitive dysfunction, higher mental functions are affected first in the process.
A new study will look at the relationship between dementia and high blood pressure, and how blood flow is regulated in the brain. The findings may help researchers identify if some drugs already used for other human conditions may be useful for the treatment of diseases such as stroke and Alzheimer's disease.
Academics at Bristol University's Dementia Research Group, based at Frenchay Hospital, have been awarded a grant from the British Heart Foundation to assess whether drugs that block a small naturally produced molecule called endothelin-1 can improve blood flow through the brain.
Back in 2007 having hypertension, or high blood pressure, was proposed as reducing blood flow in the brains of adults with Alzheimer's disease. this was presented in a study presented the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
Again in 2007 other doctors spent 2 years examining over one thousand drugs to see whether they might have any benefits for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and dementia. Out of 55 candidate drugs which are prescribed for hypertension, the team detected 7 promising ones. They found that these drugs are able to prevent the production of beta-amyloid, which is a potential cause of Alzheimer's disease.
In animal models of dementia a reduction in blood flow occurs well before the onset of Alzheimer-like damaging changes to brain tissue. The most potent cause of the narrowing of blood vessels seems to be a small molecule called endothelin-1 (ET-1). This molecule is produced by the action of endothelin-converting enzymes (ECEs).
The Bristol-based academics recently found that ECE in the brain of Alzheimer patients was abnormally high. One of the hallmarks of Alzheimer disease is the large amount of amyloid Î², a toxic molecule which accumulates in the brain of patients. The Bristol-based researchers have shown that ECE production increased when nerve cells were exposed to amyloid Î², long before people start to display the Alzheimer memory problems.
The further results of the new study will be useful in helping to treat Alzheimer patients in early stages of the disease.
For further information: http://www.bristol.ac.uk/news/2010/7234.html
Three Front National MEPs, including the former leader of the party, Jean-Marie Le Pen, have been ordered by a European court to pay more than €600,000 (£510,000) in total to the European parliament over alleged misuse of funds.
The MEPs had asked the general court of the EU to stop the European parliament docking their pay and expenses, after officials claimed last year that they had inappropriately been claiming salaries for assistants in Brussels.
Le Pen, whose estranged daughter Marine is the current leader of the Front National and a frontrunner in France's presidential election, is facing the prospect of having €320,026 taken back by the European parliament.
Bruno Gollnisch MEP, a former academic who was convicted in 2007 of Holocaust denial, is set to pay €275,984 for inappropriately claiming a salary for an assistant between 2011 and 2015. Mylène Troszczynski, a Front National MEP for the north-west of France since 2014, is due to pay €56,554.
All three continue to deny any wrongdoing but also claimed to the court that having their allowances and expenses docked would leave them unable to carry out their duties as MEPs.
In a ruling published on Thursday morning, the court said that all three members had not proven that the recovery of the money by the parliament would affect their ability to carry out their duties. It said: “The president of the general court concludes that, in the absence of urgency, it is not necessary to suspend the operation of the contested decisions.”
Jean-Marie Le Pen has recently been charged with inciting religious hatred for alleged antisemitic remarks. The charge concerns a video posted on the party's website in June 2014 where he attacked his critics, including the French singer and former tennis player Yannick Noah, Patrick Bruel, a French singer and actor of Jewish descent, and Madonna.
Marine Le Pen refuses to repay €300k of 'misspent' EU funds Read more
When asked about Bruel, Le Pen said he would be part of “a batch we will get next time”, using the word “fournée” for “batch”. Authorities interpreted the comment as a pun on the word “four”, meaning “oven”. Le Pen denies any wrongdoing.
Marine Le Pen has also recently been ordered to pay back almost €298,000 to the European parliament due to claims similar to those levelled at her father and others, that she had been paying the salaries of officials working in France through EU funds. If she refuses to comply and repay the money, her allowances and expenses will also be docked.
She formally launched her presidential campaign on Sunday, pledging to put France first by freeing it is from the “tyrannies” of globalisation, Islamic fundamentalism and the European Union.
While she is comfortably ahead in the polls for the first round of voting in the coming election, the latest surveys suggest that Emmanuel Macron would beat her 62% to 38% in a runoff.
by
I was in Jacksonville last Friday for an event called “Ron Paul on the River.” The Republican presidential candidate was supposed to speak there, but had to cancel at the last minute due to a Libya vote in the House scheduled on short notice. While it was disappointing that the congressman would not appear, the keynote speaker that appeared in his place was well worth the trip.
Doug Wead is a self-confessed former member of the Establishment. In addition to being a best-selling author and world-renowned speaker, Wead has worked as a special advisor to President George H.W. Bush and on the campaign of George W. Bush. According to Wikipedia, Time magazine called Wead “an insider in the Bush family orbit.”
A good portion of Wead's speech in Jacksonville focused on issues on which he had formerly disagreed with Paul. At one point, he made the startling statement, “but now I agree with him on everything.” He encouraged Paul supporters to persevere through the difficulties of supporting an anti-Establishment candidate and to remember that “logic and the truth are on your side.”
It is not fashionable to admit that you agree with someone “on everything.” To say that you do is to invite the accusation of belonging to a personality cult whose members blindly follow their leader no matter what position he takes. Indeed, this criticism is leveled at Paul's grassroots supporters, who are called “Paulites” by detractors, implying that they have a pseudo-religious devotion to Paul rather than informed positions on the issues.
In modern American political thought, where only the results of political action are considered rather than the rights of the parties involved, it is not considered reasonable to agree with anyone 100% of the time. For someone like Wead, whose living depends upon his credibility as an expert on those things he writes and speaks about, there is a certain amount of risk in making this statement. Yet he did it in Jacksonville without hesitation, emphasizing the words “on everything” to ensure that no one missed the point.
This immediately struck me, because it was the second time in as many weeks that I had heard a statement like this from someone who had something to lose by saying it. Appearing on The O'Reilly Factor, John Stossel answered O'Reilly's assertion that Ron Paul hadn't won the New Hampshire debate by saying, “But he's right about everything and you're wrong.” O'Reilly retorted, “Everything?” Stossel repeated, “Everything.” When O'Reilly pressed yet again with the same question, Stossel finally backed up to “Just about everything.”
Stossel is a television journalist, so credibility is arguably even more important to his living than it is to Wead's. That is not all the two have in common. Stossel also admits that he regrets much of the first 20 years of his career when he attacked the free enterprise system and championed increased government regulation over business. Like Wead, Stossel was a member of the Establishment, albeit from the other side of its aisle. Now, despite the risk to his credibility, he says that Ron Paul is right about everything.
So is this some sort of quasi-religious devotion? Is Paul's followers simply caught up in a mass hysteria over someone who is likeable and has demonstrated his integrity for so long that they abandon their reason to avoid critical examination of his positions? Isn't it impossible for an intelligent person to agree with someone on everything?
The answer to all three of these questions is “no.” In fact, contrary to what conventional wisdom tells us, it is actually illogical to agree with Paul on some things and not others.[1] As I've said before, Paul is simply applying the central libertarian axiom to each issue. As long as he applies the axiom properly and does not make an error of logic, he is going to come out with a position that is consistent with libertarianism 100% of the time.
For those in the grip of this “conventional wisdom” that has led us to the brink of societal collapse, Paul's answers are anything but consistent. On economic policy, he seems like a hardcore conservative, surpassing all other Republicans in his zeal to eliminate regulation and taxes. On foreign policy and social issues, he seems to be some sort of lefty hippie, arguing to legalize all drugs, allow homosexuals to marry if they wish to (he wants government out of marriage even at the state level), and to immediately order home every soldier stationed on a foreign base.
Those just learning about libertarianism might conclude that it is some sort of “compromise” between conservatism and progressivism/liberalism. This is untrue. Libertarianism evaluates political issues from a completely different perspective than either mainstream political philosophy. Sometimes, conservatives happen to agree with libertarians, but for different reasons. Sometimes, the same is true for progressives/liberals. Libertarians care not for who agrees/disagrees. They follow one simple principle and let the chips fall where they may.
Walter Block sums this up best in terms of understanding how libertarians like Paul formulate their positions.
“This is because libertarianism is solely a political philosophy. It asks one and only one question: Under what conditions are the use of violence justified? And it gives one and only one answer: violence can be used only in response, or reaction to, a prior violation of private property rights.”
In order to understand Ron Paul's platform, there are two conclusions one must reach. The first is that libertarians are correct that violence is only justified in response or reaction to a prior violation of private property rights. Block does not limit the definition of “private property” to land ownership or even physical property in general. Instead, property includes all of one's life, liberty, and justly acquired possessions. So, any murder, assault, theft, fraud, or coercion would be violation of a private property right. Based upon that understanding, ask anyone if they agree that violence should never be initiated, but instead only used in defense, and you will almost always get agreement. So far, so good.
The second thing that one must conclude in order to understand Ron Paul is that all government action is violent action. This is where it gets difficult for conservatives and liberals alike. While it is easy to see the government's use of its military as an act of violence, it is harder for people to see that other government activities represent violence. How could providing healthcare, ensuring workplace safety, or licensing barbers be violent acts?
This is the great truth that hides in plain site under every human being's nose. In order to recognize it, one must disengage the deep, emotional attachments that almost everyone has developed to some or all government activity. Once you get someone to that point and they are truly ready to reason, they will come to the libertarian conclusion every time. To the genuinely interested and rational person, only one question is necessary:
“What if you do not cooperate?”
I cannot count how many times I have asked this question and received in response a stare – not a blank stare, but a thoughtful one. You can see the wheels turning. Sometimes they will begin to speak, then stop themselves while they think some more. They are looking for a hole in the theory. They are unable to find one. They are genuinely interested in either proving or disproving your argument. By that time, you have won.
For those who do not immediately “see the light,” you can pick any government action and walk them through that reasoning process:
You: Suppose that I do not wish to participate in Medicare and withhold only that percentage of my payroll taxes that would otherwise go to fund it. In return, I agree not to make use of any of the Medicare benefits. What will happen to me?
Him/Her: You will be charged with income tax evasion.
You: What if I don't answer the charge?
Him/Her: You will be arrested.
You: What if I do not agree to submit to the arrest?
Him/Her: You will be physically forced to submit.
You: And if I resist further?
Him/Her: (reluctantly) You will be killed.
You: So, you now agree that we are forced to participate in Medicare under the threat of violence, correct?
Him/Her: (Even more reluctantly) Yes.
You: Is there any government tax, law, or regulation that we are not similarly forced to participate in under the threat of violence? Are not all of these answers the same in relation to even the least significant government regulation, like a parking ticket?
Recall the final scenes in the 1999 movie, The Matrix. After Neo's “resurrection,” he stands up to once again face the agents that had apparently killed him a moment before. However, when we see the matrix through Neo's eyes, as he sees it now, the whole world is made up of lines of green code. Neo had been told early in the movie that the matrix is a computer-generated illusion. He heard it, but did not know it. He is now seeing that world as it really is for the first time. His mind has reasoned through and understood all of the implications of what Morpheus has told him. Once he truly understands, he is invincible.
This is a wonderful metaphor for the libertarian “conversion.” Once one has had the epiphany that all government action is violent action, there are only three choices. 1) You come to the same conclusions that Ron Paul does on every issue, 2) You disagree with Walter Block and conclude that it is morally justifiable to initiate violence against other people, or 3) You abandon logic and stop acknowledging reality. This is why Paul told the Today Show's Matt Lauer that “economic liberty and personal liberty are one and the same and foreign policy that defends America and not police the world [sic] – that's part of the package as well.”
Doug Wead, John Stossel, and millions of Paul's supporters have had this revelation. This is why they agree with Paul without exception. They refuse to accept the other two choices available to them: to support the initiation of violence or to abandon logic and refuse to acknowledge reality. This is not fanaticism. It is the inevitable conclusion that one must come to if one employs logic and faces reality. That is why Doug Wead said, “logic and the truth are on your side.”
During his 2008 presidential campaign, Ron Paul lost the Washington state primaries by a considerable margin. However, he won big in Spokane. Why? Because that was the one part of Washington in which Paul's campaign was able to schedule an appearance. During that campaign, Howard Stern remarked about his exposure to Paul's message just as Wead, Stossel and millions of Paul supporters have: “I think I agreed with everything that dude just said.” Stern went on to say that he had never heard of Paul before and that it was a shame that the Republican Party was not taking him seriously.
Once a reasonable person hears the libertarian message, it is inevitable that they will not only agree, but agree completely and without exception. This is the antithesis of fanaticism. It is reason. It is recognizing the real world for what it truly is and applying logic to those observations. It is the consistent application to separate political issues of one undeniable principle, which can only lead to libertarian conclusions. It is actually illogical and fanatical to come to any others.
During the 2008 presidential campaign, the Establishment media had a strategy to combat this very troublesome dynamic: Don't let the message be heard. That is no longer a viable strategy. Paul's grassroots supporters have forced his platform into the mainstream. The media is simply unable to ignore Paul's campaign this time around. The libertarian message will be heard. Whether or not Paul wins the presidency is secondary. Every day, more Americans are hearing the truth for the first time and its power is irresistible. The revolution is underway. Whether it takes a year, a decade, or longer, liberty is going to prevail.
Check out Tom Mullen's book, A Return to Common Sense: Reawakening Liberty in the Inhabitants of America. Right Here!
© Thomas Mullen 2011
GETTY Hans-Olaf Henkel said Germany will fight for Britain to have the best possible deal
Hans-Olaf Henkel said firms wanted a satisfactory resolution in Brexit negotiations to protect their own markets. The former IBM Europe president and head of Germany's chamber of commerce, predicted Angela Merkel would push for a compromise, faced with the prospect of being forced to pick the tab after Britain leaves. The powerful German chancellor also faces fighting for re-election next year.
It follows a week of pressure for the EU Commission, with Poland, Hungary and even Germany calling for reform. Henkel, a member of the European Conservatives and Reformists group and acquaintance of Mrs Merkel, also criticised German industry for not believing Brexit would happen. He said business should have exerted more pressure on Mrs Merkel during pre-Brexit negotiations with British Prime Minister David Cameron.
GETTY Germany will push for a compromise to give Britain access to the European market
He said: “German industry needs the British consumer. It should have pressured Merkel when Cameron was wanting a better deal but that's in the past. “The reality now is that it wants access to the UK market and it will fight for unlimited access of British companies to the European market. “Had David Cameron come back from negotiations with another victory, the right to cap immigration, Britain would still be in the EU today. These thoughts will motivate Germany's policy towards British negotiations.”
He blamed the EU's determination to have a single currency as the root of Britain's unhappiness. He said: “The Euro is too strong for Greece, Spain and France and that's why those nations are experiencing an economic crise and massively high youth unemployment. “By the same token, it is too weak for Germany and we are swamping the world with our exports.”
GETTY The euro is too strong for countries such as Greece, Spain and France
GETTY The powerful German chancellor faces fighting for re-election next year
German industry needs the British consumer Hans-Olaf Henkel
He added that the prospect of an isolated Germany representing the “haves”, and the rest of Europe the “have nots” would be key. The “new battle in Europe” would be between nations like France and Italy which saw Britain's exit as a chance to “spend, spend, spend” their way out of economic strife, leaving Germany to pick up the tab. Some of the biggest criticisms this week have been from newer Eastern European members. Ryszard Czarnecki MEP, a former Polish Minster for European integration, said: “From our point of view it was massive mistake not to offer more to David Cameron in February.”
Brexit: What happens next Fri, June 24, 2016 After yesterday's referendum, here is a look at what will happen immediately following the historic vote for Britain to leave the EU. Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 14 Brexit: What to expect next
He said Poland would support massive compromise to get Britain to play a role in the EU once more, including more opt outs and more power to the City of London. However, he drew the line at freedom of movement. “Freedom of movement is one for the most important issues and we must defend the rights of our citizens in your country. I can't see us supporting moves to worsen the situation for our citizens who, after all, are taxpayers.” But Dan Hannan MEP, of the Leave campaign, said: “Our opening bid is we want access to the single market without freedom of movement.
GETTY Poland could support a EU-Britain deal as long as borders remain open
“The EU's opening bid will be we can't have both. The eventual result will be somewhere between the two. “The Leave campaign promised to take back control. That means having Parliament decide who comes in. “It may be that we have the right of free movement with a cap. Or it may mean we tell migrants we're not giving them an automatic right to reside here, but we are giving them the right to take a job here if they have a firm offer.
Brexit: EU Summit Wed, June 29, 2016 David Cameron will today plead for 'constructive' talks with EU leaders in preparing for Britain's exit from the EU. Play slideshow 1 of 41
The release of Thor: Ragnarok is rapidly approaching (November 3), but we still have a little bit of a wait. How shall we pass the time? Oh, by joining director Taika Waititi (Flight of the Conchords) and some of the cast members, including Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston and Mark Ruffalo on-set while, we suppose, they pass the time in between scenes.
Filmmaking isn't all glam, but they do make it look fun.
Thor: Ragnarok is the third installment in the Marvel superhero franchise. In the first film, Thor (Hemsworth) landed on Earth, after being banned from his home planet Asgar by his father King Odin (Anthony Hopkins). The sequel reunited Thor with his jelly belly adopted brother Loki (Hiddleston) to save the world from the primeval villain Malekith (Christopher Eccleston). And, now, in Thor: Ragnarok, we meet up with Thor, who was about to take the throne, accepting his role as king. But, there has been a detour…
He and the Hulk are being held captive on a foreign planet. The two friends are matched up gladiator-style to fight in an arena, with the victor winning freedom. But, before we get to all that drama, let's indulge in some of the actors' antics and just released footage:
In the above clip, Hemsworth talks about the next phase of Thor, saying, “In this film we wanted to kind of strip it back and wanted to have more fun with it. Taika had the exact same idea… we were both saying, ‘In Thor: Ragnarok let's try and have more attitude.'”
We can also look for familiar faces like Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Strange, Idris Elba as Heimdall and Cate Blanchett as Hela, but they weren't partaking in the tomfoolery seen above… maybe they were off battling or saving the world.
Thor: Ragnarok hits theaters on November 3.
Who brought the most fun to the set? We're leaning toward Hemsworth… not to sway your “vote.”
Frankly, if Dave Grohl was any nicer he'd be a Disney princess. A very hairy Disney princess.
Already known for being an almost unreasonably good guy in an industry which generally rewards bastardry instead, the Foo Fighters' main man has added to his list of good works by helping make a dying Australian's wish come true.
Dave Grohl is helping Australian Foo Fighters fan Ken Powell realise his wish. Credit:Getty Images
The NSW south coast man, Ken Powell, is known to some as Ken The Foo Fighter for his devotion to the band. How devoted? After a 14-year fight with melanoma, Powell still set himself to see the Foo Fighters at every show of their recent Australian tour.
Powell, who needs a wheelchair much of the time, also had a further, final goal: to meet Grohl, Pat Smear, Taylor Hawkins, Chris Shiflett and Nate Mendel.
SOME of Sydney's swankiest suburbs are harbouring huge arsenals - with new figures showing the number of registered guns in dress-circle neighbourhoods dwarfs the weapon-count in less salubrious streets.
The so-called insular peninsula of Sydney's Northern Beaches is literally bristling with guns - with a whopping 14,253 firearms registered there.
The semi-rural Terrey Hills, home to sprawling mansions of the rich and famous - from Kyle Sandilands to former Westpac chief Gail Kelly - has 2412 registered guns, or an astonishing 20 guns per registered gun owner.
Contrast this with Birrong, in Sydney's west, where there are just 159 registered guns, or Lakemba, where there are 359. Greater Campbelltown has 5361 registered guns.
media_camera Greens MP David Shoebridge has spoken out against guns.
The figures have been obtained by NSW Greens MP David Shoebridge, and are published on a website called toomanyguns.org.
Mr Shoebridge said while the local figures include collectors and dealers, they were still frightening.
“You have to ask yourself what on earth is going on with our firearm laws that is allowing this number of guns to be collected in what should be one of the most peaceful parts of Sydney,” he said.
media_camera Manly - sun kissed and heavily armed. Picture Hirsty Photography
media_camera Vaucluse has harboured views and 478 registered guns.
Northern Beaches Local Area Command licensing supervisor Sergeant Robert Beazley said the large number of firearms on the beaches could be due to the amount of recreational shooters living in the area.
“It is high for a metropolitan area, I guess, but we do have three large gun ranges in the area,” he said.
“There's one at St Ives, Terrey Hills and Manly Vale which have high memberships for all of them.”
According to Mr Shoebridge, there is a loophole in the laws which allows gun owners to give the same “good reason” to obtain multiple firearms.
Mr Shoebridge said the registered guns are categorised as category A, B and C firearms – which can be anything from a .22 to serious hunting weapons and hand guns.
“It's across the board,” he said.
A second set of data shows the top 100 postcodes with the largest number of guns owned by an individual.
The largest single arsenal in Sydney is in Mosman, where one person owns 278 guns - not far behind is Manly, where one resident has 207 guns.
Mr Shoebridge said these figures are of concern as they do not include collectors or dealers.
Sgt Beazley said the police are always working in conjunction with the NSW firearm registry and they often carry out risk based compliance checks.
In terms of compliance, Sgt Beazley said some of the checks include the position, quality and construction of the safe which houses the guns and also how it's fixed to the premises.
Sgt Beazley said the statistics were perhaps a reminder­ for gun owners to be vigilant in their safe storage because if they are broken­ into and they lose their firearm there were heavy consequences.
Sydney's Gun Caches
Suburb Gun Count Hornsby 1374 Mosman 1127 Rockdale 939 Pymble 840 Epping 654 St Ives 634 Vaucluse 478 Lakemba 354 Parramatta 298 Birrong 159
media_camera An old-style revolver.
Northern Beaches Breakdown
On the northern beaches, there are a total of 14,253 registered firearms and 3128 gun owners.
Postcode 2084 which covers Terrey Hills, Akuna Bay, Cottage Point and Duffy­s Forest, is home to the largest number of guns on the beaches, with 2412 registered.
This is closely followed by the 2100 postcode, with 2112 guns across Allambie Heights, Beacon Hill, Brookvale, North Manly and Oxford Falls.
Postcode 2101 has 1421 registered firearms covering the area of Elanora Heights, Ingleside, Narrabeen and North Narrabeen.
Suburbs including Cromer, Dee Why, Narraweena, North Curl Curl have the fourth largest amount with 1277 firearms collectively.
The fifth largest amount is in postcode 2097 – covering Collaroy, Long Reef and Wheeler Heights – with 799.
Top five gun areas in the beaches
POSTCODE 2084 - Terrey Hills
2412 guns, 121 gun owners
POSTCODE 2100 - Brookvale
2112 guns, 287 gun owners
POSTCODE 2101 - Ingleside and Narrabeen
1421 guns, 302 gun owners
POSTCODE 2099 - Dee Why
1,277 guns, 413 gun owners
POSTCODE 2097 - Collaroy
799 guns, 215 gun owners
Not many says 'Murica like Donald Trump with a bald eagle. Nothing says 'Murica right now like that bald eagle nearly attacking the fluffy-haired candidate.
The Donald met Uncle Sam, the meaningfully named 27-year-old bird, during a photo shoot for Time magazine's upcoming "Person of the Year" issue. Trump made the shortlist for the magazine's distinction, with Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel taking the top honor and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick as runner-up.
See also: Hundreds of thousands are signing up to ban Donald Trump from the UK
The bird appeared to take an instant dislike to the leading candidate for the Republican presidential nomination.
During the shoot, Trump reached suddenly for a bottle of aspirin. Sam wasn't having it, and snapped and flapped his enormous wings at Trump, who recoiled. It's not clear if Uncle Sam mistook Trump's hair, in motion, for a living creature.
Trump took it in stride, later saying, "This bird is seriously dangerous but beautiful."
You can watch more of his deeply fraught time with Uncle Sam in the video below.
Guest MINDSETTERS™ Sen. Miller & Rep. Slater: RI Should Regulate Marijuana
The dominos of marijuana prohibition are falling in New England, and the time is ripe for us to act in Rhode Island. We should enact legislation to regulate and tax marijuana for adult use in the upcoming legislative session, not simply because Massachusetts and Maine voters approved similar laws, but because it will make Rhode Island a healthier, safer and more vibrant place to live.
We must recognize that Rhode Island's current policy — which keeps non-medical marijuana sales in the illicit market — is costly, ineffective, and harmful. Over the past several decades, we have wasted precious law enforcement resources and have punished thousands of Rhode Islanders — disproportionately people of color — for using marijuana. And yet, the illicit marijuana market remains rooted in place. We need a smarter approach.
Proposed Legislation
We recognize that there are many important questions and concerns about creating a legal market for adult marijuana use. That is why we have thoroughly studied this issue over the past several years and sought to integrate the lessons learned from other states into our legislation. Additionally, with input from medical professionals, local law enforcement officials and community leaders, we have crafted a proposal tailored to the unique needs of Rhode Island. Our primary goal has been to find common ground for stakeholders on all sides of this issue.
For example, under our proposed legislation edible marijuana products will only be permitted for sale after they have been reviewed and approved by a marijuana product review board comprised of public health experts.
Driving under the influence of marijuana will remain illegal, and a portion of tax revenue raised from marijuana will be made available to train more of our police officers to recognize impaired drivers. Packaging, labeling and advertising of marijuana products will be tightly restricted to minimize access and exposure to young people.
Local municipalities will be given significant control over where and how marijuana establishments operate in their city or town. Our legislation will allow local citizens, by a simple majority vote, to ban marijuana establishments from their municipality altogether.
Next Year is the Time
Next year is the ideal time for Rhode Island to move forward. As our state continues to see a slower economic recovery than our neighbors, we cannot ignore the job-creating benefits of gaining a foothold in an emerging market. Moreover, adopting legislation to tax and regulate marijuana in 2017 will allow us to put additional tax revenue to good use sooner. Delaying passage will only make budget decisions more difficult in coming years and give us less flexibility to pursue important initiatives like rebuilding our schools, rolling back taxes that harm working families, and providing more substance abuse treatment services.
To be clear, new jobs and tax revenue are not our primary motivations. Improving public health and safety by replacing an illicit market with a responsibly regulated legal market is our goal. In a regulated market, consumers know what they are getting and do not have to worry about dangerous pesticide levels or laced products. Workers in a regulated marijuana economy are not vulnerable to exploitation and have protections like social security and unemployment insurance. Communities also benefit from sales being moved from the streets into a regulated market made up of legitimate tax-paying businesses — not gangs and cartels.
There is broad consensus that Rhode Island should take this step forward. Polls show that a majority of Rhode Islanders supports regulating marijuana for adult use. We can and should act in 2017 to realize these health and safety benefits and to ensure we do not lose millions of dollars in annual tax revenue and hundreds of jobs to our neighboring states.
Although we believe we have drafted a thoughtful proposal, the process of discussion and debate in the upcoming legislative session will be crucial to refining and strengthening the bill. We wholeheartedly agree with Governor Raimondo that it is important to get this right, and we are confident we can do so in 2017. We look forward to discussing this important issue with constituents, the governor's office and our colleagues in the General Assembly in the coming months.
State Senator Josh Miller, District 28 (Cranston, Providence)
State Representative Scott Slater, District 10 (Providence)
See the Slideshow Below for Who Supports and Opposes Marijuana
Related Slideshow: Who Supports, Opposes Marijuana Legalization in RI in 2016
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
HILLSBOROUGH -- The female body recovered from the Hudson River near the George Washington Bridge on Wednesday was College of New Jersey senior and tennis captain Paige Aiello, Hillsborough police confirmed today.
Aiello, 22, had been missing since April 9 when she left her family's Hillsborough home. Her purse was found that night on the upper level of the George Washington Bridge and a month-long search ensued.
Her body was discovered Wednesday afternoon near the 158th Street shoreline of Manhattan, about one mile south of the bridge. The body was confirmed to be Aiello's this morning by New York City's Medical Examiner, Hillsborough police reported.
Paige Aiello's sister Erin said Hillsborough police notified the family at their home today, leaving around 1 p.m.
Aiello would have graduated from TCNJ in Ewing next week.
"This is devastating news for our campus community, its magnitude compounded as we reach the end of the academic year," TCNJ president R. Barbara Gitenstein said in a statement.
"She was a really sharp, bright young lady," Vice President for College Advancement John Donohue said today.
College officials are planning to honor Aiello during graduation ceremonies. Aiello completed all her required coursework and will be considered as a TCNJ graduate, Donohue said.
"She earned her degree," he said.
A statement was being sent out to the campus community informing them of the news.
"It's been a rough couple of weeks, needless to say, here," Donohue said.
Aiello had been under severe stress leading up to her disappearance, her family has said. Concerns about her well-being led her to resume living at home in Somerset County rather than at an on-campus apartment as she entered the final weeks of the semester.
Erin Aiello had said her sister was a "driven kid" who had been accepted into Rutgers law school and was planning on attending this fall.
Searches by both the Aiello family and Hillsborough police at the home did not turn up any note or communication from Paige Aiello, Erin Aiello said. Authorities have said they found no immediate signs of foul play in her disappearance.
Aiello was last seen by her family after her father drove her home from classes on the afternoon of April 9. She then took her mother's car without permission and parked it at a New Brunswick garage, where it was later found.
Based on video surveillance, investigators determined Aiello took at train to New York's Penn Station and was last seen walking in the direction of the George Washington Bridge, where he purses, wallet and mobile phone were found.
A "Find Paige Aiello" Facebook page dedicated to the search generated thousands of followers. Today, the family posted a message confirming the news.
"It is with a heavy heart that we report to you that the body recovered yesterday is that of Paige. We want to thank each and every one of you for never giving up hope and continuing to help try and find Paige. At this time, we ask for your continued prayers and support for Paige's family, friends and community during this most difficult time.
Thank you."
The circumstances that led to her being found in the Hudson River a month later remain under investigation.
On mobile or desktop:
• Like Times of Trenton on Facebook
• Follow @TimesofTrenton on Twitter
Indonesian police have arrested seven suspects linked to a foiled bomb plot in Jakarta, it was announced on Monday (Dec 12), including a second bomb assembler and a second woman suspected of preparing to carry out a suicide bombing mission.
JAKARTA: Indonesian police have arrested seven suspects linked to a foiled bomb plot in Jakarta, it was announced on Monday (Dec 12), including a second bomb assembler and a woman suspected of preparing to carry out a suicide bombing mission.
"As of today, seven people have been named suspects, including the alleged bomb assembler who was arrested in Ngawi, East Java," Indonesian police spokesperson Inspector General Boy Rafli Amar told The Jakarta Post on Monday.
Advertisement
Boy added that the suspects were part of a terrorist network led by Indonesian militant Bahrun Naim, believed to be behind a terror attack on Jakarta in January this year. The attack was the first claimed by Islamic State in Southeast Asia, and saw four civilians killed.
“They prepared bombs that they learned to assemble on the Internet," Indonesian national police chief General Tito Karnavian told The Jakarta Post. He added that Bahrun had provided funds "for the mission", and that the security post at Jakarta's state palace was the main target. He also said that one of the women arrested was prepared as "the bride", using terminology referencing a suicide bombing perpetrator.
Police safely detonated a bomb on the outskirts of Jakarta on Saturday, after they raided a dormitory in Bekasi, about an hour outside Jakarta, and found an unexploded bomb. "The plan was to use the bomb at the presidential palace during the change of guard," Jakarta police spokesperson Argo Yuwono said in a statement.
Four suspected militants were arrested on Saturday, including a woman in the dormitory where the three-kilogramme bomb encased in a pressure cooker was discovered. Police said they had intercepted a letter the woman had intended to send to her parents stating her intention to carry out jihad.
Advertisement
PRETORIA (Reuters) - South Africa's ANC was on track for its worst electoral performance since the end of apartheid on Friday as voters vented anger about high unemployment and corruption in municipal elections that herald a sea change in politics and society.
The African National Congress has ruled virtually unopposed since it ended white-minority rule in 1994 with Nelson Mandela at its helm, but has lost support - particularly in cities - among voters who feel their lives have not improved and accuse President Jacob Zuma of mismanaging the economy.
The ANC was still leading in the overall count in the nationwide municipal vote, with 95 percent of ballots counted. But it lost to the main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) in the municipality of Nelson Mandela Bay, which includes the city of Port Elizabeth.
The DA was also narrowly ahead in the economic hub of Johannesburg, and the two parties were on par in Tshwane, home to the capital Pretoria.
Since the end of apartheid, the ANC had enjoyed an iron electoral grip on these areas.
Now, no party looks likely to win a majority in these three urban centers, ushering in a new era of coalition politics as South Africa shifts from what has effectively been a one-party system in the period immediately post-apartheid.
This shift reshapes the political landscape in South Africa ahead of the 2019 national election, and may also embolden Zuma's rivals within the ANC to challenge him.
The DA has retained control of Cape Town, which it has held since 2006.
Related Coverage South Africa's main opposition party wins Nelson Mandela metro
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said the party would do some soul searching, acknowledging that some critics had called the ANC “arrogant, self-centred, self-serving”, but saying those descriptions were unfair.
“We've lost Nelson Mandela Bay, we've conceded that we've lost it, and we are going to do an introspective look at ourselves... we are a party that is not going away,” he said.
The election also represents a political renaissance for the DA, which last year elected its first black leader, Mmusi Maimane, as part of its efforts to shake off its image as a party that mainly serves white interests. The party has its roots in the Progressive Party led by liberal whites who campaigned against apartheid during the era of white rule.
“I'm quite glad to announce the fact that, here in the city of Tshwane, by all of our current projections, certainly we will be the largest party,” Maimane said, although the two parties were by that point neck and neck there, at just over 42 percent each, with 82 percent of the votes counted.
Final results are due on Saturday.
ZUMA SCANDALS
The ANC has lost its grip on the major cities where millions of black people are now looking beyond its liberation struggle credentials and focusing on weak growth prospects for an economy teetering on the edge of a recession.
Voters, facing a lack of jobs and poor basic services, have been incensed by a string of corruption scandals that have engulfed Zuma.
Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane gestures as he speaks to members of the media at the result center in Pretoria, South Africa August 4,2016. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
“In many respects the elections were exactly about national issues, national policy failures and poor national leadership as much as they were about local issues and local problems,” said Gary van Staden, political analyst with NKC African Economics.
The radical leftist Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) party, which is led by Julius Malema, Zuma's one-time protege, is participating in only its second election and was running a distant third in the votes counted.
It has, however, won some support from voters frustrated about inequality in a country where black people make up about 80 percent of the 54 million population, yet most land and companies remain in the hands of whites, who account for about 8 percent of the population.
Malema plans to nationalize banks and land, and redistribute among poor black people wealth still mostly in white hands -policies that both the DA and the ANC have not found palatable.
But neck-and-neck races between the ANC and DA in Johannesburg and Tshwane mean the EFF's 10 percent share of the vote could be needed for coalitions there.
“We will wait for those who are interested to approach us and then we will take the discussion from there,” Malema told reporters.
Voters are losing patience with Zuma, who rattled investors in December by changing finance ministers twice in a week, sending the rand currency plummeting.
The president survived an impeachment vote in April after the Constitutional Court said he breached the law by ignoring an order to repay some of $16 million in state funds spent on renovating his private home. Zuma has since said he will repay some of the money.
Ratings agency Fitch said in a statement that although the results may weaken Zuma, the president has built a strong network of support in the ANC's upper echelons “and there have been no clear signs that a majority of leaders could withdraw their support before the ANC conference in December 2017.”
Slideshow (10 Images)
The party is due to meet then to pick Zuma's successor as party leader, who would become South Africa's president should the ANC continue its unbroken string of victories in the 2019 election.
The rand held its ground close to a nine-month high against the dollar early on Friday, partly boosted by the smooth running of the elections.
“Foreign investors will probably welcome the fact that reduced support for the ruling ANC has helped the centrist DA rather than the leftist EFF,” said John Ashbourne, Africa analyst at Capital Economics, in a note.
BTOB's Yook Seungjae has thoughtfully tried to ease the worries of his fans about his bloodshot left eye.
On July 10, the singer wrote on Instagram, “I was told I ruptured a blood vessel in my eye because of the pressure when I bungee jumped. It will be fine after a few days, so don't worry,” reassuring his fans not to be too concerned.
번지점프할때의 압력때문에 눈에 잠깐 실핏줄이 터진거래요 몇일 두면 괜찮아진다니까 걱정마세용ㅎ A photo posted by Born to Beat (@6_zalddow) on Jul 9, 2016 at 7:41pm PDT
Yook Sungjae had previously gone bungee jumping and also uploaded a shot of himself from during the jump.
A photo posted by Born to Beat (@6_zalddow) on Jul 4, 2016 at 10:54pm PDT
Meanwhile, BTOB dropped their fifth single “LUV” in Japan last month, where they sold 77,000 copies within a week of its release, and reached number one on the weekly singles chart of Oricon.
Source (1)
Former President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton retain Gallup poll's most admired man and woman. Photo by Pete Marovich/UPI | License Photo
Dec. 27 (UPI) -- For the 10th consecutive year, former President Barack Obama was named as America's "most admired man," according a new Gallup survey.
President Donald Trump followed close behind Obama's 17 percent of the responses with 14 percent according the the survey, which has been taken nearly every year since 1946.
Former Secretary of State and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was named the most admired woman for the 16th year in a row. She has held the title more than any other man or woman in the poll's history.
Former first lady Michelle Obama, in a close second to Clinton's 9 percent, came in with 7 percent of the polling for most admired woman. Oprah Winfrey, named a top female finisher for the 30th time, received 4 percent, Sen. Elizabeth Warren received 3 percent and First lady Melania Trump held 1 percent of this year's polling.
Other women named a top finisher this year includes German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Queen Elizabeth II, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, Duchess Kate Middleton and Beyonce.
After Trump and Obama, other men who top the list include Pope Francis, with 3 percent of the polling; Rev. Billy Graham, Sen. John McCain and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, all carrying 2 percent, and Bernie Sanders, Bill Gates, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and The Dalai Lama, all carrying 1 percent of the polling.
According to the poll, a quarter of Americans cannot name a man or a woman they admire most, 13 percent of the people polled named their most admired woman as a friend or relative and 9 percent did so for the most admired man.
Results from the poll are based on phone interviews of 1,049 adults conducted Dec. 4 -11 with a sampling error of 4 percent.
At approximately 11:09 a.m. eastern standard time, on June 12th, within the confines of a Mimi's Café dining room located in one of the Southern states of the U.S., four young men were seized and arrested by government officials for what law officials are stating as “threats against the nation.”
“The four young men were very nice,” says innocent bystander Gretchen, who for her personal safety will not be fully named. “They all said excuse me when they walked by and kept the swearing down. My old ears don't work well, but they do hear dirty words.”
Gretchen wasn't the only hag in the restaurant when police officials entered through the rear of the famous French-style café. Many law enforcement officers were wearing full riot gear and were armed to the T with tear gas and full body shields. A few officers even sported French paper-thin mustaches to blend into the scenery while standing in black body armor along the pewter shade walls and empty wine bottles.
The four young men are currently being held at a high-security prison with no bail and are under arrest for using the word terrorist in a text message.
With the current whistleblower situation over the NSA, and the highly anticipated release of the Xbox One, many people in the general public speculate that programs like PRISM, along with the government's ability to access personal internet data freely, and the use of the Kinect motion sensor as a stealth camera to spy on anyone stupid enough to sit in front of their television, allowed for the successful arrest and apprehension of the four suspects.
The Setup
According to an anonymous law official who headed up the investigation, multiple agencies were involved with the arrests of the four young men. The FBI, CIA, and select NSA agents helped coordinate the highly complex and successful investigation that lead to the arrests. The program known as PRISM was also used in pinpointing the four men in making the arrest as well as finding an extensive porn browsing history to allow for blackmail in court.
“It took multiple agencies to set this up properly and I would like to thank all agencies that were involved. Including, but not excluding all internet data companies that allowed us to infiltrate the young men's internet history. Thank you Google, thank you Facebook, and thank you Verizon. We're all bros here.”
Inquiry first started when NSA officials first intercepted a text message through an automated filtering program operated under a joint CIA coalition of monitoring incoming cell phone data.
The intercepted conversation follows below:
“The key word was Terrorist here,” said a random FBI official. “This is what we looked for in our searching of CIA computers to make sure there were no internal threats. Upon finding this text message in the CIA internal databases, we then initiated a joint task venture with the NSA to infiltrate CIA headquarters and find the source of the message.”
However when FBI officials showed up, NSA officials had then learned that the text message had been filtered through and found in FBI servers upon hearing CIA officials had first intercepted the message.
“We just got tired of pointing fingers and decided to act together, finally,” spoke an individual with common sense who is a receptionist at the NSA. “I was asked to get coffee and denied access to the investigation when I told everyone they could work together.”
Once the three agencies finally agreed to apprehend the suspects together, they informed local law enforcement official who then supplied them the man power over the coordinated arrests.
The Investigation
Initially all three agencies had no idea what to do. A joint task coalition was then formed to allow for the three agencies to successfully communicate with one another to plan.
“We knew the suspects were going to eat brunch, but we weren't sure where. After hours of investigation and paper trail following, we gained access to the two young men's Facebook accounts to find out what they liked,” said the head of the NSCFBIA (the National Security Central Federal Intelligence Agency) coalition team who will remain anonymous to ensure public safety.
“We noticed they like the Miami Heat, Call of Duty, Vince Vaughn and Will Ferrell Movies. The two actors have been taken into questioning as well while we plan the investigation for trial. However after gaining access, we still were unable to determine where the young men would be ‘meeting' for brunch or what ‘brunch' would exactly entail. Based off of Foursquare, Twitter, and Instagram accounts, we assumed they would meet at World of Beer and that Mimi's was just another terrible incident of what is known as damn you autocorrect.”
With dozens of World of Beer's spanning across the country, no one was still sure where the two men would be meeting.
The Breakthrough
Thanks in great part to the success of PRISM, federal agents were finally able to pinpoint where the young men were finally going to meet for brunch.
Lead CIA investigator to the Coalition of Investigating on behalf of the NSA had this to say at the press conference that followed:
“Because of programs like PRISM, we were able to access the suspect's phone and internet data without a warrant or any form of due process. What we found was the suspect had a complicated search history of wonderful POV pornography, ‘rape-sloth' meme's, PS4 release prices, and a Google search of directions to Mimi's Café. This fast break allowed us to quickly infiltrate the correct restaurant, and refrain from making a grave investigation error.”
As soon as the young men parked, law enforcement official began surrounding the building in anticipation of a firefight.
“They used a dangerous word that threatens the safety of the nation in a standard text message. We took all necessary steps in aims to prevent any kind of extreme catastrophe,” said the Police Chief who recently tore off the letter A from his America patch located on his uniform.
Shortly after ordering coffee, it's understood that one of the suspects confirmed the text message to a fellow assailant who was already waiting with another friend for the two investigated suspects to show up. How this slipped past Federal agents is mind boggling and begs to ask if security laws are strong enough and should be less transparent.
“When the suspect stated “brah, the terrorist joke,” all agents and officials were given the green light to intercept and make the arrest. Four officers, who will be anonymously distinguished, each individually drop kicked the suspects, then apprehended them for the arrest,” said NSA guy number 137.
***UPDATE***
During the press conference, when Federal Lead Agent of the NSCFBIA spoke the word terrorist to reporters, he was then drop kicked and arrested by local law officials who arrested him on charges of “threats against the nation.”
“After gaining access of his blackberry and email accounts, we were able to intercept a press conference speech his assistant typed up. We are now searching for the assistant to bring him into custody for questioning,” stated local Police Chief, ‘Merica as he liked to be called.
Advertisements
In what seems to be an attempt to gain fame amongst certain anti-LEO groups, a man (with very dark circles around his eyes) intentionally staged a confrontation with Border Patrol agents at a checkpoint inside the US. It appears his goal was to antagonize the officers and capture their responses on video. Well, he got the video, but the tape only shows the man, whose Youtube account is under the name Rick Herbert, putting his family through a lot of grief for no reason.
The baiting and antagonizing of officers on video is something that is tragically becoming more and more popular among certain groups. Any American should completely stand behind transparency and accountability for those in positions of authority, but this type of thing is quickly becoming just another headache officers have to deal with on a daily basis. It's one thing to stand back and record an incident. It's a whole different ball game when you're intentionally irritating, agitating, and insulting police just to try and capture a response unbecoming of an officer on film. A quick look at the verbal abuse police have had to endure during the recent protests around the country is all any logical, thinking person would need to see to know things have gone too far.
"He really seems to be a f***ing moron," Linux creator Linus Torvalds wrote of Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney late last night on Google+, using two fewer asterisks than you see here.
The assessment was in response to Romney's much-ridiculed suggestion - some say it was a joke -- that air passengers should be able to open aircraft windows in an emergency such as the one recently experienced by his wife. It also comes about three weeks after Torvalds used his Google+ soapbox to call Romney's religion, Mormonism, "bats**t crazy."
The overwhelming majority of 400 mostly white-hot comments on last night's post are supportive of both Torvalds' right to speak his political mind and his criticism of Romney, however crude the latter may have been. (Example: "Romney really seems to be a f***ing moron. Hey, we can't all be wrong, can we?")
However, there are also a number of individuals who appreciate neither. (Example: "Tell you what. I won't ask Mitt how to recompile my kernel if Linus doesn't tell me how to vote.")
(2012's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries)
Personally, I don't have any problem with Torvalds expressing political and religious views in a public forum. However, the vitriol and obscenities are unprofessional at best. And the open question is whether having Torvalds toss these haymakers and stoke flame wars reflects poorly on the Linux community that he leads.
In the comments on that Google+ post, David Stilson, an IT professional from San Diego writes: "I am surprised to see all of these visceral attacks on Romney and each other. When did all the Linux nerds lose their logical approach to problem-solving? People install Linux in part due to the fact that they are joining a community of supportive users. If you were new to Linux would you install it after reading these posts?﻿"
As he did in his anti-Mormonism screed, Torvalds has dismissed criticism of such outspokenness as being grounded in "idiotic politically correct fears."
But he seems to have changed his tenor on the matter over the years. Four years ago, when Torvalds started a personal blog smack-dab in the middle of our last presidential election run-up, the native of Finland authored a post headlined "Stranger in a strange land." In that essay he compared Finland's political system and dialogue with that of the United States, where he and his family had already lived for more than a decade. Here's an excerpt:
But then voting season comes and reminds you that all those Americans that are individually sane and normal tend to be collectively crazy and very odd. And that's when you really notice that you're not in Finland any more. That's when you also notice that the whole US voting system is apparently expressly designed to be polarizing (winner-take-all electoral system etc). To somebody from Finland, that looks like a rather obvious and fundamental design flaw. In Finland, government is quite commonly a quilt-work of different parties, and the "rainbow coalition" of many many parties working together was the norm for a long time. And it seems to result in much more civilized political behaviour. ... So you couple a polarizing voting system with a campaign that has to make simplified black-and-white statements, and what do you get? Ugly, is what you get. Most of the time I really like living in the US. But voting season sometimes makes you wonder.
Yes it certainly does.
(Update, Sept. 26: After apparently being convinced by those who said Romney was joking, Torvalds reached a different conclusion of sorts later yesterday, adding this post to his Google+ page: "Ok, since I publicly called the guy a f*cking moron, I guess I should also publicly follow up: it does seem Romney was joking." And he later added in comments: "I think it's a version of Poe's law. It's hard to tell when Republicans are joking or serious about being scientifically illiterate.")
Welcome regulars and passersby. Here are a few more recent buzzblog items. And, if you'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter, here's where to sign up. You can follow me on Twitter here and on Google+ here.
Meehan's in Atlantic Station is your Midtown destination for food, drink, and fun! Enjoy live music every Friday night from 10 PM until 1 AM and an open mic jazz night every other Sunday. Comedy nights take place the first and third Tuesday of every month starting at 8 PM. With plenty of TVs and an extensive drink list, plan to catch any big game here! We're an official Tottenham Hotspur F.C. bar and big fans of Atlanta United, so come decked out in your team colors and watch with us.
Meehan's is thrilled to be part of the Atlantic Station neighborhood; a live-work-play community. Atlantic Station in Atlanta is a 24-hour community with plenty to offer visitors in search of new shopping and entertainment experiences. Atlantic Station's retail/entertainment district opened in October 2005. It counts a number of well-known names among its tenants, including Dillard's, Banana Republic, IKEA, Ann Taylor, Victoria's Secret and DSW Shoe Warehouse. Atlantic Station is also home to Atlanta paper, Creative Loafing. In February 2006, Atlantic Station celebrated the opening of its first hotel: the TWELVE Hotel and Residences, a high-tech boutique hotel offering one- and two-bedroom suites. Entertainment options at Atlantic Station include Regal Cinema 16 and LA Fitness.
Learn more and visit some of our neighbors' and our charities:
Periphery has just announced details of their new album, Periphery II, which features lots of face-melting playing, as well as guest spots from Guthrie Govan, Wes Hauch and John Petrucci. I've had the pleasure of listening to the new album and interviewing Misha and Jake about it (to be published closer to the release date) and it's utterly killer. All the shreddage and great tones we all love but even more melody, more colour, more variety, more depth, more epic modes and scales… just more!
Here's the press release:
PERIPHERY Announce New Album & Official Track Listing
Combing the complex atypical rhythms and technical precision of math rock with the sensational brutality of progressive metal, PERIPHERY have redefined the boundaries of progressive music.
PERIPHERY's much anticipated new album, Periphery II, is set for release on June 29 through Roadrunner Records Australia..
Periphery II features guest solos from Guthrie Govan (The Aristocrats), Wes Hauch (The Faceless) & John Petrucci (Dream Theater).
Misha Mansoor (guitars) states: We are very happy to announce the full track listing (see below) and show you guys the artwork for our sophomore release. We put so much hard work and time into this album and we thank all of you for your continued support and patience. The album clocks in at sixty-nine minutes exactly and has tons of brand-new material, so I assure you it is well worth the wait. Make sure to keep on the lookout for the first track which we will be releasing in the coming weeks.
Periphery II – Official Track Listing
1) Muramasa
2) Have a Blast – Guthrie Govan guest solo
3) Facepalm Mute
4) Ji
5) Scarlet
6) Luck as a Constant
7) Ragnarok
8) The Gods Must Be Crazy!
9) MAKE TOTAL DESTROY
10) Erised – John Petrucci guest solo
11) Epoch
12) Froggin' Bullfish
13) Mile Zero – Wes Hauch guest solo
14) Masamune
Listening to: RED - Perfect Life
So a change in plans here heh i know there are not many out there but i had a re think on my jeep and plan to make it a performance recovery jeep bassicly it will still be able to 4x4 just not as serious 4x4 as before. Im still going with the Luna theme for my Liberty but what im changing is no lift kit and instead perfomance parts which suprisingly exist for the liberty.
but for those who want to know what parts im getting for my jeep ill post them and the prices
Front Bumper: Trail Ready Pre Runner bumper ($700 or so i do not know for sure)
Light Rack: Mopar Light bar [From the renegade] ($800)
Brakes: Power slot front and rear disc brakes ($400)
Exhaust: Mopar Performance duel exhaust system by Borla ($760)
Performance Chip: Jet performance chip ($260)
Air intake: K&N 57-Series FIPK Air Intake System ($300)
Spark Plugs: E3 Spark plugs ($9 AKA the first thing im going to get XD)
Throttle body spacers: AirAid PowerAid Throttle Body Spacer ($140)
Total: $3370 (before decals and tax)
Still more to come possibly i heard there is a supercharger available for the Liberty it will need new pistons to handle it but who knows i may get it
SAN FRANCISCO — A Northern California woman has been accused of knowingly killing her infant son by breast-feeding him shortly after ingesting large amounts of methamphetamine, which rendered her milk toxic.
The woman, Maggie Jean Wortmon, 26, was arraigned on Wednesday in Humboldt County Superior Court on charges of second-degree murder — punishable by 15 years to life — along with child abuse and involuntary manslaughter. The arraignment stems from the death of her 6-week-old son, Michael, who was found unresponsive one November morning last year in the town of Loleta, Calif., north of San Francisco.
The baby was pronounced dead at a local hospital, and was later discovered to have methamphetamine in his system. This year, Ms. Wortmon was charged with child endangerment and involuntary manslaughter.
But on Wednesday, a charge of murder was added after prosecutors said that they had determined that Ms. Wortmon had shown “conscious disregard” for her child by using drugs and then nursing.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think that her conduct is, or was, so intentionally reckless that it rises to the level of implied malice,” said Ben McLaughlin, a deputy district attorney in Humboldt County. “And I think that a mother who is breast-feeding using the quantity of methamphetamine she did, I think that rises to a second-degree murder charge.”
Carlos Entrena, one of the bright young minds in aerospace, asked a fair question last week in the wake of the Juno mission's successful insertion into orbit around Jupiter: "So why is a spacecraft doing a pre-planned burn a big deal again?" He was right, it did seem a relatively straightforward maneuver.
Another young scientist, Christopher Stelter, offered a series of answers that put the Juno spacecraft's 35-minute engine burn into perspective. Among the reasons, he said, was that, "Most burns a spacecraft does are not critical. If there's a glitch, you can try again later. Not this time. And it's a very long burn."
This exchange captured my attention because NASA in recent years has made the extremely difficult—flying robotic probes throughout the Solar System—look easy. The agency's record of achievement appears more impressive still when compared to other space agencies. In reality, no other country or space agency can really be considered NASA's peer, especially when it comes to Mars and beyond. (Admittedly, the Soviet Union does have a better record with Venus).
Consider Mars: in the 1960s the Soviet Union sent eight probes to Mars. All failed, and most were lost even before reaching Earth orbit. By contrast, three of NASA's first four missions to Mars were successful, including Mariner 4, which returned the first close-up images of the Red Planet in 1965.
Then there are the Martian landers. Eight of NASA's nine missions to the surface of Mars have been successful, with only its Mars Polar Lander failing to safely reach the surface. By contrast, four of five Soviet landers failed to reach Mars safely, and the one that did, Mars 3 in 1971, survived for only about 15 seconds. No other nation or agency has landed on Mars. Since NASA's last high-profile failure in Solar System exploration, the polar lander in 1999, Japan, China, Russia, and the United Kingdom have all lost various orbiters and landers sent to the Martian system. (In the meantime NASA put Spirit, Opportunity, Phoenix, and Curiosity on the Martian surface).
The record is more stark for Jupiter and beyond. The Soviet Union and Russia have never flown beyond Mars. The European Space Agency has participated in two NASA missions that have gone beyond the asteroid belt. The first, Ulysses, made two distant flybys of Jupiter during a mission that focused primarily on observing the Sun. NASA managed development of the second mission, Cassini, which has had a spectacular run of observing the Saturn system over the last decade. As part of that mission, the European Space Agency's Titan lander was partially successful.
And that's it for the rest of the world. Meanwhile NASA has explored the outer Solar System with Pioneer 10 and 11, Voyager 1 and 2, the Galileo and now Juno missions to the Jupiter system, and New Horizons to Pluto and beyond. It is amazing to contemplate the fact that every single probe NASA has sent into the outer Solar System has been a success. In this, NASA has a perfect record with missions no other space agency has even sought to attempt.
This is testament to NASA and its planetary science division, led by Jim Green since 2006, and a host of other visionaries before him. It is due to the fantastic work by engineers and scientists at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California and NASA centers elsewhere across the country. And finally, it is due to Washington DC, which has recognized the value of exploring our Solar System and invested long-term in these missions.
And about those routine burns, like the one made by Juno? Back in 2010 Japan's Akatsuki spacecraft was due to make a 12-minute burn to nudge itself into orbit around Venus. Instead, the engine fired for less than three minutes, likely due to salt deposits jamming a valve between the helium pressurization tank and the fuel tank. Five years later, after spiraling around the inner Solar System, the spacecraft came close enough to Venus to try again. Using the vehicle's less powerful attitude control thrusters, Akatsuki reached a much higher orbit around Venus than originally planned. Some science has since been done.
Akatsuki, once again, demonstrated that there is nothing routine with deep space missions. Therefore when following the progress of missions such as Juno, we should not take NASA's successful track record for granted. Rather, we should celebrate it.
As the federal government's shutdown nears its second week, a pair of new polls released Monday suggests the fiscal standoff has begun to weigh on the Republican Party.
No one – not Republicans in Congress, President Barack Obama or his Democratic allies on Capitol Hill – comes away looking particularly great as a result of the shutdown, according to separate polls released Monday from the Pew Research Center and Washington Post/ABC News. But the negative fallout from the shutdown is more sharply pronounced in public opinion toward the GOP.
President Barack Obama calls on Republican House Speaker John Boehner to bring a clean continuing resolution to the floor for a vote. Obama made the remarks Monday in Washington, D.C., while visiting FEMA headquarters.
Thirty-eight percent of Americans said Republicans were to blame for the shutdown, versus 30 percent who blame the Obama administration and 19 percent who blame both, according to the Pew poll, which was conducted in the days since the shutdown came to pass. (For context, a Pew poll before the shutdown found that 39 percent would blame the GOP, 36 percent would blame Obama and 17 percent would blame both if the shutdown were to occur.)
The ABC News/Washington Post poll, meanwhile, found that 70 percent of Americans disapprove of the way congressional Republicans are handling negotiations over the federal budget, while just 24 percent approve. (Last week, 26 percent approved of the GOP's handling, and 63 percent disapproved.)
Congressional Democrats also suffered: 61 percent of Americans disapprove of the way they're handling the budget (up from 56 percent last week), while 35 percent approve (up one point from last week).
Republican House Speaker John Boehner addresses the chamber Monday, calling on President Barack Obama to negotiate on the debt ceiling.
But Obama actually improved slightly in the ABC/Washington Post poll. Forty-five percent of U.S. adults said they approve of his handling of negotiations over the budget, up from 41 percent before the shutdown. Fifty-one percent disapprove of the president's handling of the situation, up one point from last week.
The two polls offer the best snapshot so far of how the American public has metabolized the shutdown, which entered its seventh day on Monday and could stretch all the way until Oct. 17, the deadline by which Congress must raise the debt limit.
Increasingly, ending the shutdown and resolving the issue of the debt ceiling have become intertwined as both Obama and his Republican adversaries in Congress figure out the endgame to their spending fight.
But the new polls offered little in the way of consensus as to how lawmakers or the administration should proceed. The Pew poll found that a slight plurality – 44 percent – of respondents want Republicans to agree to a deal without any changes to the Affordable Care Act. Democrats in Washington have been pummeling the GOP for days, demanding that they pass a simple extension of government spending and reopen the government. Before the shutdown, Republicans had appended changes to “Obamacare” to these simple stopgap spending bills.
Leading lawmakers outside of Capitol Hill are voicing their unhappiness over a government shutdown that likely won't end with big bipartisan solutions. Former Sen. Olympia Snowe discusses.
But 42 percent of Americans said in the Pew poll that Obama should agree to a deal to reopen the government that includes changes to his signature health care reform law – as Republicans have been demanding for weeks now.
Heading into the debt ceiling deadline, too, more Americans (47 percent) say that raising the debt ceiling is essential to avoiding an economic crisis, though 39 percent of Americans said they think the U.S. could reach the debt ceiling without inviting major problems. Among Republicans, a majority – 54 percent – said the U.S. could breach the debt ceiling without inviting calamity.
The Pew Research Center poll was conducted Oct. 2-6 and has a 3.7 percent margin of error. The Washington Post/ABC News poll was conducted Oct. 2-6 and has a 3.5 percent margin of error.
This story was originally published on
Neighbours in the Collingwood street where squatters were forcibly removed say while they were initially supportive of the vulnerable being housed, they now feel unsafe.
The empty homes in Bendigo Street were compulsorily acquired by the then-State Government for the proposed East West Link project, which was later scrapped by Labor.
The homes were then handed over by the Labor government to the Salvation Army to house victims fleeing family violence, but several of the homes were instead taken over by around 50 homeless people.
The group agreed to move out of the homes in August.
“Originally when these houses were occupied, we were supportive of the movement. We know there's a shortage of public housing in Victoria,” resident Annabel Darbyshire said.
Ms Darbyshire said after several weeks, some of the people occupying the homes became violent.
Annabel Darbyshire says residents are now in fear after violent behaviour by squatters. (9NEWS) ()
“We've been subject to witnessing domestic violence, we've had threats of sexual assault, we've had property stolen from our cars and been exposed to a lot,” she said.
“We care about these people, and we want an answer for them, but this has just descended into chaos.”
Meg Taylor said she too feels unsafe, and that “no one has been advocating for our side of the story”.
“We have a very close network of neighbours and especially for our elderly neighbours, and we feel strongly to advocate for them,” she said.
The homes were initially purchased for the proposed East West Link. (9NEWS) ()
Yesterday, about 50 Victoria Police officers swarmed to the street about 4pm after being ordered by the government to take control of the homes.
Several squatters broke into 13 Bendigo Street on Tuesday night, and more followed yesterday morning, with minister for housing Martin Foley labelling them as “thugs”.
“They are intimidating neighbours, acting in sexually predatory ways to some of the neighbours, annoying and making life intolerable through noise, theft and sewerage problems – it's time they left,” Mr Foley said.
Yesterday, about 50 police officers moved in to evict people from the homes. (9NEWS) ()
A 25-year-old man was arrested for hindering and resisting police, but has since been released on summons.
Dozens were evicted last week from the houses, and police arrested two women for stealing property and a man was taken into custody on an outstanding warrant.
Several squatters remain in one of the properties today, and have vowed to either stay on and fight, or leave peacefully if police return.
“We're thinking [we will be evicted] today, and we will leave peacefully… We're here because we're homeless,” Tanya Day said.
Salvation Army commanding officer Brendan Nottle welcomed the police action, and said something has to be done to solve the situation.
“It's incredibly hard to find homes for the homeless. When the state government made this accommodation available, we were keen to get people off the streets,” Mr Nottle said.
“The squatters were originally making a valuable political point – that there's 32,000 people on the public housing waiting list – but the problem is they have moved from that to violent behaviour.
“We put a mother and her four children in one of those homes… she had people banging on her front and back door at night, and she was terrified, and so were the children,” he said.
“Enough is enough.”
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Slaven Bilic left Turkish side Besiktas at the end of the 2014-15 season
West Ham have named former defender Slaven Bilic as their new manager.
The 46-year-old replaces Sam Allardyce, who left by mutual consent last month after the Hammers finished 12th in the Premier League.
Bilic, who has signed a three-year deal, said: "It is a great place to play and I felt like I was at home."
He played 54 times for the Upton Park side between 1996 and 1997 and managed Croatia for six years, beating England twice in the Euro 2008 qualifiers.
He was also manager at Lokomotiv Moscow and Besiktas, whom he left in May.
"It is a big privilege and a big responsibility to now be manager and I hope that I will prove it to the board, players and fans," he added.
"When I spoke to the chairmen and Karren Brady, they made clear that it is not only the fantastic new [Olympic] Stadium we are moving into, but they showed their determination and ambition to make what is a big club even bigger.
"I could feel that they really wanted me so it was an easy choice. I would say to the West Ham fans that I will give my best and together we will achieve great things.
"I remember West Ham as a special club. My last club, Besiktas, was that kind of club. It's not about the size - there is something special about them - they are a cult club."
In May he announced his intention to leave Turkish side Besiktas, after failing to win the league title in his two years at the Istanbul club and missing out on Champions League qualification for next season.
Bilic spent 2012-13 in charge of Lokomotiv, but was sacked after leading them to a ninth-place finish, their worst season since the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Center hasn't exactly been a position of strength for the Los Angeles Rams in recent history. The Rams released Demetrius Rhaney on June 20th and Tim Barnes is history. With John Sullivan likely entrenched as the starter, the teams needs to find a capable backup.
That's where Austin Blythe hopes to factor in.
Roster Battle
It's not the sexiest battle by any means, but Blythe and UDFA Jake Eldrenkamp are likely looking at a single spot. It's rare when a team holds on to three centers unless they can pull double duty as a guard.
Blythe may have the slight edge as he has game experience with the Indianapolis Colts (8 games, 1 start), but both seem to be impressing so far:
Team source confirms. Rams are pleased with progress of Austin Blythe and Jake Eldrenkamp. https://t.co/a6Dhy33qNi — Rich Hammond (@Rich_Hammond) June 20, 2017
Expectations
Coming out of Iowa, Blythe was considered a solid and dependable four-year starter who lacked physicality but made up with it using solid technique and gamesmanship.
Blythe was the odd man out last year after the Colts changed their GM. Regime changes, as we all know, typically make short work of the bottom half of the roster. He has experience at both center and right guard, which could factor in with the new regime's carousel of offensive line changes.
Blythe has some in-game experience, so it seems logical that he would have the edge against Eldrenkamp, the rookie.
Chances of Making Final Roster (6/10)
Blythe has some game experience and versatility giving him the edge over Eldrenkamp, at least initially. With that said, McVay and his staff picked the UDFA for a reason, and he's impressed, according to reports.
It's not a sure bet, but it's not exactly a bad one either.
Image caption Jersey's environment minister said the island could achieve the 80% reduction
The low cost of energy in Jersey leads to it being wasted, the island's environment minister has said.
Deputy Rob Duhamel said: "A lot of people squander electricity and other fuel sources - energy is probably too cheap for people who waste a lot."
His comments came as Jersey's government unveiled plans that by 2050 would cut greenhouse gas emissions by 80% compared to 1990 levels.
He said it was achievable if the whole island and politicians worked together.
Deputy Duhamel said the commitment to cutting emissions was in line with the island's commitment to abide by the Kyoto protocols.
Senator Sarah Ferguson said it was a waste of time, adding the targets were unrealistic. She added: "Frankly, carbon dioxide is good."
If you want to cut carbon dioxide the first thing you have to do is shoot everybody in the island Senator Sarah Ferguson
Deputy Duhamel said they would introduce a number of energy saving measures over the next 30 years, including changing the way homes are built.
"Most of the changes will come through in how we build our houses, how we heat them, things like that."
The minister said a key area they would be working on to reduce emissions was transport.
He said a third of greenhouse gases in Jersey came from cars and other transport and by working to bring in more electric vehicles they could reduce that considerably.
The Renewable Energy Commission has also been looking at the potential for offshore tidal and wind power, which Deputy Duhamel said could play a significant role in improving the island's energy security in the future.
They are now working on a Channel Island basis with Guernsey.
But Senator Ferguson said trying to cut carbon dioxide levels was a waste of time.
She said: "Carbon emissions, we are talking mainly about carbon dioxide.
"If you want to cut carbon dioxide the first thing you have to do is shoot everybody in the island as one of the big sources of carbon dioxide is every time we breathe out."
Glenn Lazarus reckons the food he was served at a dinner with the prime minister was lovely, but not enough to fill him up.
So on the way home he made a pit stop at Maccas for a Big Mac, fries and a Diet Coke.
The independent senator and some of his crossbench colleagues were Malcolm Turnbull's guests at The Lodge on Thursday night for what has been dubbed the "Last Supper", in light of planned changes to the way Australians vote for the Senate.
Senator Lazarus and six other crossbenchers are facing a premature end to their parliamentary careers, if the new rules are in place for a double-dissolution election.
The former star footballer - nicknamed the Brick with Eyes - said dinner guests were served blue-eyed cod, that was "gone in two mouthfuls".
"The food was lovely, don't get me wrong, but the portion size was a little on the small size so a diversion to McDonald's on the way home was needed," Senator Lazarus told ABC radio the morning after.
On the more serious side, he dismissed the night as a "waste of time" because Mr Turnbull was unable to satisfactorily answer his questions about issues such as the Queensland drought, coal seam gas and multinational tax.
"All he did was waffle," Senator Lazarus told 3AW.
Independent senator Jacqui Lambie used the dinner to make the case to Mr Turnbull for Tasmania to be given the Defence contract to build new combat vehicles for the Army.
"North Tasmania has the capability, know-how and skilled workers," she said in a statement.
The intersection of McGuinness Boulevard and Green Street. | bitchcakesny via Flickr A skeptic calls for speed-camera experimentation on McGuinness Boulevard
Thanks to "all of the accidents and deaths," Assemblyman Joseph Lentol, a one-time speed camera skeptic, on Wednesday renewed his call for Albany to approve the traffic-calming devices along four-lane McGuinness Boulevard in Greenpoint.
"I think that it's about time we tried it," he said.
Story Continued Below
Earlier this year, Lentol introduced a bill in the Assembly authorizing, "the City of New York to install and operate photo radar devices on McGuinness Boulevard."
Nothing much came of it, but Lentol says he's intent on rallying support for the bill before the next session begins.
"Maybe we ought to start early... just to try and get some interest," he says.
Lentol is not an obvious sponsor of this sort of legislation, as he himself admits.
He didn't sign on to his colleague Deborah Glick's attempt, backed by the Bloomberg administration, to get Albany to authorize up to 40 speed cameras on city streets, an effort that has failed to gain enough traction in the legislature.
His initial dubiousness, he said, was based on his concern that such devices would be used as "revenue-raising measures," rather than reduce speeding.
“I haven't really been a great fan of having speed cameras," he said. "I really was not a big fan in the beginning for red light cameras. But I think we really have to take measures to save lives.”
And he thinks McGuinness Boulevard would serve as a good location for a pilot program measuring speed cameras' efficacy in New York City.
At the present, New York City has red-light cameras and bus-lane enforcement cameras, but no cameras designed to catch drivers speeding.
In March, Transportation Alternatives released a study finding that 66 percent of McGuinness Boulevard drivers broke the 30 miles per hour speed limit.
Also, as per the report:
According to data from the New York State Department of Transportation, from 2005-2009 there were 57 crashes involving motorists crashing into pedestrians or bicyclists, an average of nearly one crash per month. Of the 57 crashes, 44 involved pedestrians—resulting in one pedestrian death. The remaining 13 crashes involved bicyclists and resulted in three bicyclist deaths.
At the same time, citywide, the number of traffic fatalities has risen, and the NYPD has come under fire for failing to properly investigate accidents in which the victims don't die, or are not considered likely to.
Lentol argues that, what with the increased number of people in his district (10,000, more, he says, in the past ten years), and the increased use of city roads for cycling, more needs to be done to slow down drivers.
Asked what prompted him to change his mind on speed cameras, Lentol cited, "all of the accidents and deaths that are occurring."
Of course, absent speed cameras, there are other traffic calming tools available.
"Specific improvements along McGuinness Boulevard have included the installation of pedestrian countdown signals throughout the corridor as well as the addition of channelization and a parking lane stripe to narrow the moving lanes and calm traffic," said D.O.T. spokesman Nicholas Mosquera, in an emailed statement. "This Spring, D.O.T. also placed a speed board between Nassau Avenue and Heron Street to remind drivers of the citywide 30mph speed limit and we look forward to working with the community on further safety improvements."
Sometimes it's amusing to hear the Word of CH tumbling from the lips of women with a shred of self-awareness, as they recount their conflicted feelings for the beta males and alpha males of their lives. Here, an old woman phantom menstruates over the tiniest memory of a cad with whom she had a brief fling fifty years ago at her peak nubility age of eighteen. In her yearning recollection, you will recognize the wisdom of the Chateau.
Dark, brooding and with a hint of world-weary danger, he was a cross between a 19th-century decadent poet and a Hollywood heartthrob.
Chicks dig the dark triad, or a reasonable simulation thereof.
I was just a few weeks into my first term at Newcastle University, and determined to lose my virginity at the first opportunity. I resolved that he would be the one to do the deed.
Betas strugglewoo for years to get that pussy; alphas have it FedExed to their laps.
I discovered his name: John Nicholas Harley Pellowe — even that sounded impossibly romantic — and that he lived in Henderson Hall, the most glamorous Hall of Residence…
An important concept of game is the cultivation of mystery. A man of intrigue has hardly much self-promoting to do; the woman will promote him in her mind, filling in the missing details or embroidering the neutral facts in such a way that his allure is only strengthened.
I made it my life's work to find out where he might be and to be there, too. Alone, I tramped round the seedy jazz clubs of Newcastle whenever I was tipped off about a possible sighting.
Betas spend thousands on elaborate proposals and weddings to capstone the last hours of their girlfriends' normal weight lives; alphas get drunk, have fun, and break a small sweat trying to avoid stalkers who chase them down at clubs.
Eventually, my efforts were rewarded. I was sitting in the library one day when he walked in. I felt white-hot desire and, propelled by almost insane love and longing, walked over to him. From then on, we started a sort of relationship.
“sort of relationship”
We would meet at parties and other functions
Aka booty calls. How did men booty call before the invention of cell phones? Must have been the old-fashioned way: face-to-face. Much respect.
— at which, I have to admit, he paid me scant attention.
😆 You'd think that would have slowed her down. But no.
But I would interpret any little crumb of affection or interest as undying love on his part.
People value that which is scarce and priced accordingly. A man who gives his affection and interest away for free is advertising to women that he believes he is worth exactly that price. If he's got at least a little going on, he'll be used like the free samples at your local farm-fresh SWPLmarket. In contrast, a man who makes a woman work for his affection will be perceived as possessing very high market value, and she will swoon uncontrollably whenever he deigns to gift her with one of these minor victories over his studied aloofness.
I soon lost my virginity to him, in his room at Henderson Hall, and thought my happiness was complete.
What he was thinking: “Ok, how do I get out of here without her causing a scene?”
I was so besotted that I never even noticed another young man lurking along the corridor, named Bryan Ferry.
A beta makes his move!
The Christmas holidays came and I wondered how I could get through them without [Alpha John].
Patience, readers. The beta will require years and countless demonstrations of abject appeasement to complete his move.
When I came back, I thought we were an item.
Hamster gif [REDACTED]. Premature hamster death. Cause: Centrifugal dismemberment.
But he was still being a very reluctant swain, and although keen enough to have sex,
🙄 It's as much the fate of women to misconstrue sex as evidence that a man wants a loving relationship as it is the fate of beta males to misconstrue emotional sharing as evidence that a woman wants sex.
he never once asked me out, or even seemed to want to be seen with me.
Maybe it's because you weren't pretty enough for him? Nah, couldn't be!
I sort of knew it would never come right, yet, wilfully, I ignored all the warning signs.
But all warning signs are not the same. For example, women have no trouble heeding the warning signs that a man showing interest in them is a beta male. In those cases, nothing is ignored; the beta is jettisoned without a moment's reflection. If anything, women over-correct for beta male warning signs (gotta protect those eggs from even catching a whiff of limply motile beta male sperm).
After one of our many nights of passion, more in love with him than ever, if that was possible,
Sunk cock theory. She had worked hard for his wang and invested her heart and soul only to be rewarded with his cruelly delicious indifference. Her investment is not going to pan out but she'll see it through to the last shilling of her sanity. This is Chick Crack 101.
I saw him at the top of the steps of the Union Building and ran up to him.
I wonder if she recalls this level of detail about fleeting moments she had over the decades with her beta hubby?
Now, surely, he would return my love. But instead of flinging his arms around me, remembering the wonderful thrill of the night before, he turned away. He never spoke to me again.
According to feminist orthodoxy, this proves he was actually a niceguy.
I went into shock, succumbing to a range of illnesses from glandular fever to migraines and strange fainting fits. I would frequently pass out in the street — but at least I hadn't become pregnant, a girl's worst fear in those days.
There's a reason the maestros at CH declared the Pill to be one of the Six Sirens of the Sexual Apocalypse.
My love for John turned to hate. My demon lover had shown his demonic side, and I tried to move on, as we'd say now.
Indifference, not hate, is the opposite of love.
John ignored me totally, never even acknowledging my presence. Not only did he not love me, he didn't even like me very much.
Fifty years on, you can still hear the hurt in her words. Remember this, when further along in her confessional she engages the usual last-second empowered woman protestation to the contrary.
To add to the agony, he soon had another girlfriend, a proper one this time, and he even seemed keen on her, paying her the sort of attention he'd never bestowed upon me.
If her beta ex-husband, Neville, were reading her diary of tears dedicated to a long-ago flame, do you think he'd feel strong pride that GSS data trawlers have anointed him an alpha male because he had two (paternity assumed) kids with her?
But I could never forget John Pellowe and the memory of my unrequited love for him put a pall on the marriage, with Neville always feeling he was somehow second best. He used to refer to ‘that chap in your past' — neither of us could even bring ourselves to mention his name, though we both remembered it only too well.
Answer: 😆
[Neville and I] went out, off and on, for nearly three years before marrying at the age of 21, while we were still students.
It took the beta three years to legally lock down what it took the alpha exactly one nanosecond to sexually lock up.
Which locking system do you think is the more impenetrable? And how many other dudes was she boffing while dating Neville?
In the late Eighties after 20 years of marriage, when our children were 17 and 18, Neville and I divorced.
Ross “Power Brow” Douthat talks a lot about social forces gutting marriage, but is even he, courageous saboteur of the Cathedral, brave enough to grapple with the CH maxim that five minutes of alpha male sexual attention can ruin a woman for the beta males who would be her realistic marital options? Just how many divorces are caused, ultimately, by vivid cock carousel memories?
This time, I sought the help of a trauma psychotherapist to try to get [Alpha John] finally out of my system. He told me that my story was surprisingly common. [ed: :shock:] He asked if I could see John again to help me heal, so that I could finally reach some kind of closure. Apparently this is often very helpful in puncturing the fantasy.
The only fantasy here is the idea that “closure” is anything but brand repackaging for bruised, lovelorn egos.
She goes on a bit describing how she went out of her way to track down her ex-flame and meet with him to experience the aforementioned closure. Despite her dutiful description of his aged appearance (holy crap, people get old-looking!), it's clear she still tingles for his totem:
Even so, the love and desire, the old passion, rose up in me as we sat and talked over a cup of tea in the café. ‘Is it really you?' I said in wonder, conjuring up the image of him in his glorious youth.
Men are optic; women are holistic.
I asked him why he'd so cruelly turned away from me and he blamed his ‘ineptness'.
What'd she expect him to say? That she was barely attractive enough for a few rolls in the hay?
As I walked back to the Underground, it was as if with every step I took, a heavy coat was lifted from me. It was the most extraordinary feeling of lightness, and I realised the therapy had worked. I was free of him.
Cue the “last-second empowered woman protestation to the contrary.”
I wrote a book about my adoration of him,
She sounds completely free of him.
I'd forgotten all about the book until recently when an e-book publisher saw it on my website and contacted me about updating it and re-publishing it. I said yes. In the book, I tried to get to the bottom of this agonising phenomenon that has claimed so many tragic victims…
Heavy coat status: Lifted.
Every now and again, these cruel, uncaring lovers give you a scant bit of attention, and each slight glance pulls you in ever more powerfully.
Uncaring asshole game. Or, if you prefer a more sophisticated nomenclature, “learned charisma.”
When in the grip of such a passion, it's as if you are taken over by a mind-altering drug and are no longer responsible for your actions.
The tingle trumps the cortex.
It doesn't really matter whether the object of your affections is married, unavailable, uninterested; nothing will stop the mad passion from taking root and growing, even with little or nothing to feed on.
It's the lack of nourishment that in fact helps the female passion grow. Kind of like a hydroponic plant.
But what was it about [Alpha John] that made so many otherwise rational, intelligent women fall helplessly at his feet? I think now that he exuded an aura, a kind of force field, that susceptible or vulnerable women picked up.
“Susceptible or vulnerable women” = most women.
One fellow lecturer told me that John didn't even have to try; that women just flocked to him. He had the ability, when he was with you, to make you feel as if you were the only woman in the world, even if he ignored you next day.
Aloofness works in conjunction with seductive intensity. Total pick-up aloofness is only possible if you possess extreme fame, or you're dead.
Even his head of department at Newcastle University, Barbara Strang, one of the few female professors at the time, fell for him. She would have been in her 40s to his 25 or so. So it wasn't just me, being a daft, lovesick maiden.
It's funny how women are shocked to discover their alpha lovers only have eyes for them and two dozen other women.
After the shock of John Pellowe's treatment of me, it never felt safe to fall in love with anybody again — at least not in that cataclysmic way.
Concern for “safeness” is not why she couldn't fall in love with anybody again. “Comparative dreariness” is why.
It wasn't Neville's fault that I came to him as damaged goods, as it were, and he made up for it by being very much in love with me.
Neville, like most beta males, thought if he could just swaddle her in sufficient plumes of love, she'd return the favor. But he had no understanding; you can't love-trip a woman into reciprocal love.
I must say I always felt much more at ease with Neville than I ever had with John, but I had lost the ability to love in that passionate, all-consuming way.
“At ease.” That's a telling admission. Yes, women feel at ease with beta males. And maybe that's the problem.
CH Maxim #44: Women can't feel impassioned without also feeling a little unease.
However, Neville and I got on famously from the start. Indeed, we are still good friends today — and often meet for a good natter. Neville became a monk several years ago but, to me, he's still the same man I married.
Picture now fully clear.
Act 1: Exhilarating but excruciatingly short-lived sexual fling with aloof alpha proto-emo.
Act 2: Heart broken in part by adherence to unrealistic expectations formed in the crucible of womb-wracking orgasms with said alpha male.
Act 3: Temporary soothing ego relief obtained on the tear-stained shoulder of a quasi-homosexual beta male with advanced sympathizing and listening abilities.
Act 4: Half-hearted marriage to said beta, made palatable by subconscious realization of fading looks and enticement of low risk domestic settling serenity strategy compared to high risk staying single and seeking reenactment of passionate love plus long-shot alpha male commitment strategy.
Act 5: Spend several decades secretly reminiscing about the five minutes spent with a brooding alpha ex-lover while beta hubby putters around the house, none the wiser.
Act 6: Divorce. Ex-husband becomes a monk after realizing his marriage was a sham and real passionate love will never be his.
Act 7: Write a book about the alpha male ex, claiming to be over him and empowering other women to do the same.
He did not shake the world in general, but he certainly shook mine — and sad to say, he still does, 15 years after his death.
Act 8: Diddle the dusty bean to harder orgasms over the distant memory of a dead alpha male ex-fling than those ever experienced in thirty years with a beta male husband.
After reading a story like this, delivered from a woman's point of view, you've really got to smirk at those guys who diligently peruse social survey data and subsequently conclude that number of children is the sine qua non of alpha maleness. Using that metric, the beta hubby in this woman's life was the alpha male. But does it seem to you she thought the same about him, the living ex-husband who got half as many mentions as the dead 50-years-past fleeting lover in her article? Or does it strike you as more accurate to conclude that the man she had no kids with, but with whose ancient memory she nevertheless nurtured the progeny of a million wistful regrets and the self-release of a million limbic caresses, was the real alpha male in her life?
The above question should suffice as rhetorical, but, comically, there are those who need the lesson scrawled in neon marker on their eyeballs.
The list of the finalists of a new architectural competition for the design of a new Ethnographic Museum in Budapest, Hungary, has been announced today.
The competition, organized by Városliget Zrt., is aimed to create a new home for the Hungarian Museum of Ethnography, the most important institutions of this kind in Hungary, established in 1872.
The organizer has selected 15 architectural offices, after a pre-qualification stage.
The new museum will be located in the Ötvenhatosok Square and is scheduled for opening in 2019. The design competition winner will be announced in May 2016.
The 15 architectural offices selected are:
Zaha Hadid Architects (London)
Gmp Architekten (Hamburg)
Architecture Studio (Paris)
MVRDV (Rotterdam)
BIG – Bjarke Ingels Group (Copenhagen/New York)
Bernard Tschumi Architects (Paris/New York)
Dominique Perrault Architecture (Paris)
Sauerbruch Hutton (Berlin)
Coop Himmelb(l)au Architects (Vienna)
Emre Arolat Architects (London)
OMA – Rem Koolhaas (Rotterdam)
Közti Zrt (Budapest)
Balázs Mihály and the BUTE Faculty of Architecture (Budapest)
Napur Architect (Budapest)
Bánáti + Hartvig Architects (Budapest)
The Museum of Confluences in Lyon by CoopHimmelb(l)au, photo Quentin Lafont
The MMM Corones museum by Zaha Hadid Architects, photo Inexhibit
The Danish Maritime Museum by BIG – Bjarke Ingels Group, Image by Rasmus Hjortshoj
The Acropolis Museum in Athens by Bernard Tschumi, Photo Nikos Daniilidis
Gawker Media may become a union shop. The company's editorial staff will hold an election on Wednesday to determine if its reporters will join a union, including all staff writers of its popular sites like Jezebel, Gizmodo, and Deadspin. It's a watershed moment not just for Gawker, but for the media industry as a whole—the first time such a vote has taken place in a digital-first newsroom.
But it's not exactly a revolution. Collective bargaining may be a new idea for young publishers like Gawker, but journalists have a long history of organizing—staffers at the New York Times, the Associated Press, and countless regional newspapers are, in fact, already organized. If anything, the union campaign at Gawker is a sign that everything new is old again.
Digital news upstarts, and tech companies in general, have largely tamped down the will to organize by offering employees competitive salaries and benefits, flexible workplaces, and corporate cultures that preach employee empowerment. But the members of Gawker's staff who are campaigning very publicly to organize its writers say that's not enough. They want the kind of power that comes from having the terms of their employment spelled out in black-and-white, a contract as a shield against the pervasive uncertainty about how the business of media works today.
The question is whether the freedom needed to navigate that uncertainty can survive the rigidity that can accompany solidarity. The campaign at Gawker has already stirred internal strife, as some writers have complained that the vote has been rushed and that the move to come together has created toxic acrimony that instead is pushing employees apart.
If Gawker nevertheless decides to unionize, the impact of the result and how it plays out could radiate beyond the world of digital media. It could spur tech workers in general to think harder about what seems like a very old fashioned idea: seeking stability through collective protections in a business world defined by upheaval.
'A Standard Level'
Founded in 2002, Gawker is among the old guard of new media—and its move to organize seems to stem from some uncertainty about its future. “People are happy working here,” Gawker senior writer Hamilton Nolan, who has largely spearheaded the movement, tells WIRED. “People just want to keep the good things we have and bring the things that are flawed up to a standard level. If we get the union, we'll have it if things turn bad one day.”
If the majority of Gawker's staff votes “yes” in the secret-ballot election Wednesday, it can then elect a bargaining committee to negotiate a contract with Gawker's management. Once the contract is fully negotiated, staffers will vote on whether to approve it. Union contracts can govern employees' salaries, raises, time spent at work, vacation, and firing practices, among other employment issues. They are typically renegotiated every few years.
Until now, Gawker staffers haven't had much say in the company's decisions. In meetings about what the union could accomplish, Gawker writers have talked about how to make working at the company more equitable and transparent, including wage floors, an established system for raises, a legally binding severance policy, and more clarity in company decision-making. (Gawker says it already offers severance.) “But there's one thing everyone agreed on,” Nolan adds. “We don't want to fuck with the freedom we have. No one wants to change that.”
Old Is New, New Is Old
Organizing may seem like an odd fit for Gawker, which is known for its unbounded editorial freedom, anything-goes attitude, and unapologetically capitalist founder Nick Denton (who says he's “intensely relaxed” about the current vote). But unions are not anything new in publishing.
Journalists first started unionizing nationally in the 1930s. “At the time, there was a lot of consolidation, mergers, buyouts, and issues in journalism,” says Bonnie Brennen, professor of journalism at Marquette University, who studies the labor movement and the press. “Daily newspaper sales were dwindling. And, of course, we had the first major challenge to print journalism with the rise of radio.”
The American Newspaper Guild was established to push back against these challenges—and to give journalists a voice against money-hungry publishers during the Great Depression. “Eighty or so years later, we have similar problems in journalism. It's not the new thing in town. There are journalists who work for free, who take unpaid internships, who work long days,” Brennen says.
A union gives workers the collective bargaining power to help determine how they want their workplace to operate, typically ensuring equitable pay, job security, and fair working conditions. But so far digital-only publishers haven't really had to reckon with what those principles look like when spelled out in the crystal-clear terms of a binding contract. “This is an industry built up from scratch, thrown together,” Nolan says. “But it's grown into a real industry with real money. You can't just run on people hiring their buddies and slapping each other's backs.”
'Unions suck'
And yet, as in the 1930s, when journalists debated whether it would diminish their prestige to be a part of a labor group, Gawker staffers don't all agree on what it would mean to organize. Ahead of the vote, the company opened a public forum on their publishing platform Kinja where writers and editors could explain how they plan to vote during the election. “I'm voting no, unions suck,” wrote Gawker features editor Leah Finnegan.
"People say they don't want to have anything in the contract that limits our workplace flexibility, or that makes it harder for management to operate nimbly. But when the impulse of self-preservation kicks in, I wonder what choices will be made," pondered Gizmodo senior photo and video editor Michael Hession.
Other writers have complained that the shift to unionize is happening too fast, that the extremely public process has created a toxic environment for writers, that communication has kept remote workers in the dark, and that contract workers will not be included in the decision.
“I am so disillusioned by the process we have undertaken so far that I have little faith in our ability to band together and negotiate a contract that improves our collective standing,” argued Deadspin staff writer Kevin Draper.
Unionizing does change how any company interacts with its workers. That's the whole point. But a contract doesn't just delineate what a company has to provide for its employees. Brennen explains that it can affect workers' individual freedoms, too, making it difficult (or impossible), for example, to negotiate independent raises.
But Gawker Media's executive editor Tommy Craggs expects a union will only make the company stronger by codifying ad hoc practices to make sure writers wants and needs are evenly met. “I am politically, tempermentally, and, almost, sentimentally supportive of the union drive,” Craggs tells WIRED, although as a manager he won't be voting or able to join it.
Even Gawker owner Denton seems open to the idea. When Craggs approached Denton with the news, “he gazed off into the distance, gave me a half smile, and shrugged,” Craggs says. “There's an element here where he likes being a media troublemaker and zizgging when everyone's zagging. We'd be the first to do this.”
Denton didn't respond to WIRED's request for comment on the union vote.
Medical, Dental, and Free Snacks
If Gawker writers do end up choosing to unionize, other digital-first publishers such as BuzzFeed, Vice, and Vox may need to prepare for similar efforts in their own newsrooms. “When workers organize and it leads to contractual gains in an industry, it can gain momentum,” says Christian Sweeney, the deputy organizing director of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations. “We've seen that in lots of different industries.”
Then again, this is a world in which Gawker offers “a gorgeous office with weekly breakfast and lunch” (plus health benefits and a 401k). BuzzFeed provides a competitive salary (plus stocks!), and Vice touts “paid time off, free snacks, coffee, and soda” in a “cutting-edge” workplace. What more could employees really want?
This is the question Gawker writers will have to answer on Wednesday, and unions will have to answer if they hope to organize other digital-first newsrooms. Media startups today like to align themselves with the culture of Silicon Valley, where companies like Google and Facebook have made it their mission to out-compete each other by offering competitive salaries, stock options, and perks like free transit and dining. The employee-centric workplaces of today's new media shops are a world apart from the dangerous manufacturing and textile jobs of the past. Workers today have it pretty good, journalists at Gawker included.
And yet the culture of Silion Valley also demands a kind of absolute devotion to a company's mission that can lead to a deep ambiguity about where workers stand, even when they think they have everything they could possibly want.
"Sometimes those jobs are very demanding,” says Lowell Peterson, executive director of the WGA East. “Having a collective voice to say to management, ‘Wait a minute, you're working us too hard,' or ‘How about this career development path instead of that one?' is still crucial.” No matter how many free snacks you get.
This story appears in ESPN The Magazine's April 13 Point Guard Issue. Subscribe today!
We gave the visionary point guard a pen and a mission: Illustrate the theories that drove his game-changing MVP career. Here's the result, straight from the mind of Steve Nash ...
Sketch by Steve Nash
Click here to see the full image.
1. Nash ran the offense that changed the NBA -- and the point guard position -- forever. And when we asked how he saw the game, he began with this sketch. The pre-Nash NBA, you see, was all about overwhelming opponents with mismatches. But Nash's game wasn't about finding spots where great players were guarded by inferior ones; it was about finding spots where good players were guarded by nobody at all. His brain was the supercomputer behind it all, seeking in real time the highest-quality shots, namely: those at the rim and in the corner, where the closer 3-pointers are more likely to go in.
Editor's Picks Doolittle: Evolution of the point guard Bradford Doolittle looks closer at the evolution of the point guard position in the NBA since the 1979-80 season.
2. Nash calls this one his go-to play. But what's with the funny name? Nash would signal it to teammates by raising a fist and tugging on his shorts. Why? "I don't know. Maybe it's 'cause there's a shortcut?"
3. The basis of the scheme: the high screen. Nash unveils its options. "You get a free run at the big; you look to see if you can get him on his heels. If you can score on him, score. If you're open to shoot, shoot. If you drive, the deeper you take that big into the paint, the more you force the weakside D to overrotate to help. Then you have an open shooter on the weak side." See? Easy game.
4. Who's that guy? That's Mike D'Antoni, Nash's Suns coach, who famously failed to win the title that might have validated the principles on these pages. That validation came, ironically, from Nash's nemesis, San Antonio, which crushed the Heat in the 2014 Finals with a system that looked a hell of a lot like the Suns' -- and now informs the very best offenses in the NBA.
5. Where did all his game grow? Nash says his hardwood ways first took root on the pitch. "Soccer is about leading teammates to where they have space, time -- and an advantage."
6. What's the life of a PG like? A bit smashy, actually. As Nash sketches on the dining room table, his girlfriend suggests he draw one of his many broken noses. How many? he's asked. "More than I can count." And no use scouring injury reports for the number; many of them were never reported. Sooooo Canadian.
While tracing the trajectory of secularism as practiced in India, ever since Jawaharlal Nehru made it the State religion, one encounters three distinct phases.
First, secularism was thrust upon the masses who had no clue what it meant, either definitionally or in practice – large sections are still clueless. It was thrust upon them ostensibly to prevent the “tyranny” of the Hindu majority, which historically had no record of imposing said tyranny against any minority.
Second, from this speculative prevention of threats to the minorities, secularism came to mean pandering to the minorities with respect to separate personal laws and non-interference in their institutions, to name just two aspects.
Third, branding anybody who protested this discrimination as communal.
The third phase arguably has been the most effective in practice.
Among its other meanings, the word “branding” also includes a long-abandoned, cruel, medieval practice of literally burning into the human skin a mark to signify a person's crime or stigma or his or her status as a slave or witch. Nathaniel Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter is in a way a treatise on branding a young woman for the crime of having premarital sex.
But as history shows, psychological branding has been used to devastating success in public discourse, unleashed most effectively by Lenin when he urged his comrades to “give a dog a bad name and hang him.” In the post-Independence Indian context, this branding employed strategically and repeatedly has psychologically defanged not just Hindus but anybody who dared to oppose this minority-mollycoddling even when said minorities have demonstrably misbehaved, including but not limited to inflicting unprovoked violence against Hindus.
The gruesome broad-daylight-murder of RSS member Rudresh in Bangalore a few days back is only the latest in an escalation of an apparent splurge of the slaughter of Hindus in various parts of the country. Even as I write this, I haven't come across a single editorial or op-ed from any reputed media outlet — or from intellectuals — condemning this in the furious manner we're used to in cases involving injury to the minorities.
News reports emanating from West Bengal-based Hindu Samhati with a sickening regularity show how Hindus in West Bengal are facing an existential threat. Even as recently as 17 October, a large number of Hindus fled from their homes in the Hazinagar and Halisahar towns in North 24 Parganas district. And the less is said about Kerala, the better: it appears that the state has become India's most active Jihadi laboratory.
Equally worrying is the similar situation that has emerged in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, states which, till a few years ago had little or no record of Islamist violence against Hindus and Hindu groups. Indeed, ever since Siddaramaiah took over as chief minister, Karnataka has increasingly begun to resemble Kerala in this respect: from the murder of (Kodagu VHP member) Kuttappa, to that of cow protection activist Prashant Poojary, to the fatal stabbing of BJP worker Raju, and now of Rudresh, the murders simply don't seem to stop. And neither government seems serious about keeping a close watch on Jihadi outfits like Popular Front of India, much less about punishing the murderers.
The other side of this branding is the dominant discourse, which blames Hindus for inviting such violence upon themselves. A highly representative sample of this sort of mindset is this editorial in The Hindu, written in the wake of the torching alive of 57 innocent Hindus at Godhra. According to this editorial, those Hindus invited their own roasting because of the “build up across the country” to construct the Ram temple at Ayodhya, and therefore, their deaths were “predictable.”
Setting aside politics and ideology, the fact that Hindus and members of Hindu organisations are being killed with wanton frequency is real. And to state the obvious because it has to be stated, no amount of ostriching around this reality, no amount of editorialising and/or under-reporting will make it go away. This sort of unbridled murder of Hindus is not a subject for a TV debate, where people can take sides.
More bluntly, this relates to the value of Hindu lives. Noted journalist and Firstpost columnist Rajeev Srinivasan in a 2005 article weighs in on this fact after citing the cases of four different people:
"So what is the difference between Cases 1, 2, 3, and 4, other than the fact that the person in Case 1 died a gruesome death, but the others are safe?
Just this:
Case 1 was a Hindu man, Maniappan Raman Kutty.
Case 2 is a Christian man, Sijo Jose.
Case 3 is a Muslim man, Naushad.
Case 4 is a Christian man, Samkutty."
There could not be a clearer indication of the value of a Hindu man's life. To spell out the obvious – a Hindu's life is without value as far as politicians and the government are concerned.
Add to “politicians and the Government”, the class of intellectuals and media which enable and further this heartless attitude either covertly or overtly or both.
This then, is what is at the core of the issue. The aforementioned branding has ensured that even those who speak up for the murdered victims are perpetually put on the back foot, and once again the perpetrators get away free or are not sentenced. It will be an interesting subject for research to study how many killers, over the last seventy years, have been punished for the countless Hindus murdered for no fault of their own.
Equally, one wonders about the amount of tears the academia-intellectual-media complex has shed over the 254 Hindus killed in the Gujarat riots. Somehow, in the vast corpus of the literature over the Gujarat riots, we scarcely – if ever – find mention of these unfortunate victims.
It has been said that this secularist discourse has run its course and is on its last legs. That might well be true but it's equally true that it continues to occupy national mind space primarily in the intellectual and media arenas best exemplified by last year's phony national outrage over intolerance, award-wapsi (returns), and more recently by the behaviour of a section of Bollywood degenerates.
Equally, when JNU students burnt the effigy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi with impunity after branding him as a “Ravana”, it showed the true colours of India's state religion of secularism: it respects nothing that's Indian, respects no democratic institution, and its opposition to differing ideologies and perspectives is but a cloak of underlying hatred towards the nation best told in its own words: Bharat tere tukde tukde honge, Inshallah Inshallah!
Indeed, it appears that the cost of India's tryst with destiny has come at the enormous – and continuing – loss of Hindu lives and perpetual, internal threats to its unity and integrity.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
An ad for San Andreas, an especially scientifically-sound film. (Photo: Warner Bros.)
It's a stale joke at this point: "The wife and I bought some oceanfront property in Nevada," says the grizzled old man. "There ain't no ocean in Nevada," says his buddy. The first guy chuckles, takes a long swig of Bud Lite, and responds: "Will be once that earthquake hits."
The implication here is that when The Big One comes for California—which, according to every seismologist, has been "any day now" for a while—it's going to take the Golden State into the ocean with it.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
But this idea goes beyond jokes.
A query for the phrase "Will California fall into the ocean?" brings back over 73 million results. There are no shortage of stories dealing with the fallout of a giant quake thrusting the state into the ocean, from John Carpenter's Escape From L.A. island-creating scenario, to the 2004 movie 10.5. People believe that one day the Golden State is going to fall into the ocean. Where does this belief come from, and, more importantly, is it plausible?
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Let's start with the second question first.
"It's not going to happen," answers Egill Hauksson, a seismologist at the California Institute of Technology. "There's no big hole out there in the ocean for California to fall into." Great. Simple enough. Thanks for reading, everyone!
As far as why California won't fall into the ocean, it's worth brushing up on a little Seismic Activity 101. Very briefly: The Earth's shell is not solid. Rather, it's composed of interlocking plates. Every now and then, the plates shift slightly, sometimes side-to-side, sometimes up-and-down. These movements are the reason for every significant land formation, from volcanos to mountain ranges, to deep underwater trenches, to the current locations of our continents. When plates shift, they cause earthquakes. Where and how these earthquakes affect the land is dictated by where the plates are located, and how they're shifting.
In the case of California, the plate in question is the mighty San Andreas Fault, the one Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson battles in the aptly-titled summer blockbuster. However, the fault doesn't move east-west in a way where a split might be possible. Instead, it shifts north-south. "If you were on a beach west of San Francisco, you would see Oakland move to your right," Hauksson says. "And if you were standing in Oakland, you would see San Francisco move to your right." As far as the plates moving further apart—and, thus, breaking off into the sea—that simply isn't going to occur.
"There's no big hole out there in the ocean for California to fall into."
The north-south movement does, however, hint at our planet's mind-boggling future: "The Pacific Plate is moving to the northwest with respect to the North American Plate at approximately 46 millimeters (two inches) per year," writes Justin Pressfield, a United States Geological Survey spokesperson, in an email. You can see what this movement looks like at the Paleomap Project, an attempt to show the Earth's geography over the past billion, and future 250 million, years. In 85 million years, then, Los Angeles will be located near Alaska. But before that happens, an even more drastic culture clash will occur: As Planet Earth brilliantly put it, in 15 million years, the Dodgers and Giants will once again be crosstown rivals.
There's another reason to quit buying inland property for eventual untarnished views of the Pacific: The power of the San Andreas fault isn't going to reach the highest levels of earthquake damage. "The current estimates for the largest earthquakes expected in California on the San Andreas are in the low M8s," says Dr. Jen Andrews, a seismologist at the California Institute of Technology. "It is thought that the fault is not long enough or wide enough to support a larger magnitude rupture, such as are experienced on subduction zone faults [in Chile and Japan]." Essentially, take the Little Boy atomic bomb that detonated on Hiroshima, Japan, and multiply it by 100.
And don't expect any tsunamis plowing through the Golden Gate Bridge and into the Bay, as occurs in any number of apocalypse porn flicks. "The reason you have tsunamis is that in the open ocean, waves build up quite high, and when you get to landfall there's no place for the energy to go but on land," says James A. Jacobs, a hydrogeologist for the Clearwater Group. "So, while you might have a tsunami coming across the Pacific and going through the Bay, you're not going to have both an earthquake and tsunami."
This isn't meant to be taken as soft lullabies to allow you to tuck yourselves in to a peaceful slumber. Because the Big One is coming, one day or another. While California won't break off, there will be plenty of damage and casualties if the land moves as much as it did during the great earthquake of 1906, when plates shifted north-south by nearly 20 feet in less than a minute. That will cause buildings to topple and bridges to collapse. While a 2013 retrofitting supposedly protects the BART Transbay Tube from a sideways movement of that magnitude, it's certainly not the best place to be during the Big One. So consider this a reminder for California residents to get themselves an earthquake preparation kit.
But let's return to the initial conceit: People think that California is going to fall into the ocean, despite every kind of seismologist saying otherwise. In 1964, Alaska suffered the second-highest earthquake ever recorded, yet no one mentions the Last Frontier falling into the sea. So, where did this false idea come from? One possibility: the fascinating alternative history/critique/cultural analysis of California's impact/apocalyptic fiction—Curt Gentry's 1968 book, The Last Days of the Late, Great State of California. The book's central thrust is that a massive 9.0 Richter earthquake ruptured the San Andreas fault in 1969 and cast the coastal sections of the state into the sea.
The book's prologue, in fact, mentions a series of predictions from California's long line of doomsday preachers, who claimed the state would end in the sea. "With only slight exaggeration, it would appear that prior to [Gentry's fictional earthquake] event, every astrologer, soothsayer, and self-proclaimed mystic in America foresaw the destruction of the Golden State," Gentry writes. The most direct came from psychic Edgar Cayce, who in 1941 envisioned the loss of California into the sea would be accompanied by the return of the lost city of Atlantis from the depths. (In fact, much of Gentry's novel cribs from Cayce's scenario.)
But even Cayce was late to the party. Before him, there was Aimee Semple McPherson, the L.A. evangelist whose doomsday predictions wisely lacked specificity, and Missionary Mary McDermitt of the Flying Rollers, whose accurate prediction of San Francisco's toppling—punishment for its sin and depravity—was celebrated in 1906 with a band-led party after news reached Michigan. However, there is one possible originator that predates even the Great Quake.
In 1902, the California Historical Society of Southern California published a piece entitled "Some Eccentric Characters of Early Los Angeles," written by J.M. Guinn. In one section, Guinn mentions the Reverend William Money, a Scottish man whose vision of Jesus told him to travel West. After he published the 1854 book Reform of the New Testament Church, Money became the state's first cult leader. Guinn's article mentions the publication of a "globe or map" entitled "Wm. Money's Discovery of the Ocean," published in 1880, which showed the city of San Francisco missing, toppled into the ocean. Why create a map like this? Simply put, it was artistic license. Money really, really didn't like San Francisco. Too many brothels and bars for his teetotaler ilk.
Which is to say that maybe—just maybe—the whole reason people have this false belief that California's eventually going to end up in the ocean is because a dude named Money didn't like the Bay.
The Sociological Imagination is a regular Pacific Standard column exploring the bizarre side of the everyday encounters and behaviors that society rarely questions.
“Act as if you belong here.”
Prison deprives you of a “normal” life, and while sometimes, you may deserve the punishment, for innocent people who've lost years for something they didn't do, it's especially devastating to look back and realize that they were failed by the law, that there were things they didn't get to do because of a flawed system. Daniel isn't someone who holds any deep-seated grudges, but there's been a gradual build of frustration within him, an, as I put it last week, accumulation of weights piled onto his shoulders.
So, he lives in excess for a bit. He's walking a tightrope here because he's engaging in actions that could easily land him back in jail, and it's easy to look at him as someone just waiting to explode, to get caught, to get hurt. Yet, for every dark side, there's also a light, and Rectify is actually one of the more optimistic shows on television. Here's Daniel Holden, living a college-esque party life that he never had, alleviating some of the pain ever present in his psyche. Is it a dangerous way to go about his business? Yes. Is he doing it with the wrong kind of people? Yes. Is there something off about Lezlie? Yes. However, in idea, it's something that Daniel deserves, just like he deserved last week's trip to Atlanta and the resulting intellectual discussions.
This week, when Daniel enters the thrift shop at the beginning of the episode, Lezlie recognizes his loneliness and figures that while he may not be able to help with that, he may be able to help Daniel not be alone. So, he literally tethers himself to Daniel, wading into the crowd and surrounding himself with people as he blasts records into smithereens outside. He then hands the gun over to the new center of attention, who does the same. We've already seen Daniel throw away his things as an act of purging, of release, and here, it's just one step further. There's a sense of artificiality to the proceedings–“Act as if you belong here,” Lezlie says–but it's all rooted in genuine desires and feelings, and anyway, is he honestly the only one acting here? I wouldn't believe so.
Of course, Daniel heading over to that party is what we see at the end of the episode, an episode structured around a lovely monologue by Janet about a bike she rode to help attempt to take her mind off Daniel's execution; she reveals that when she found out about the execution being stayed, she never rode it again. It's wonderful how the episode leads into that monologue: we see Daniel, Jared, and Janet kidding around in the kitchen, but when Amantha enters, the scene immediately becomes tense and heavy; that tells you a lot about the situation she's in right now, and to make matters worse, she drops the news of Rutherford Gaines's death. Daniel's obviously saddened by the news, and he retreats to the garage and asks Janet to tell the story of the bike; it's a sad story, but life's transience makes it all the more necessary to tell it. Here, J. Smith Cameron–who's been consistently killing it in the show–beautifully handles Janet opening up, the history clearly weighing on her mind and hanging on every word, the fear of death leading into the hope for life. That has a deep impact on Daniel, and fittingly, Lezlie's party is a way for him to live the life–however risky it is–the stay of execution gave him, and in doing so, he can attempt to make up for the life the prison sentence took away.
“Act As If” is about recapturing what you've lost. Aside from Daniel, we also see Tawney and Ted Jr. trying to reconcile with each other. The final shot of their first scene together–Tawney with her back to the wall and Ted Jr. stopped in the doorway, looking back–encapsulates the essence of the scene: they may not be in the same room just yet, but Ted isn't storming out and slamming the door without looking back. An effort's now being made, and that's clear because Tawney now feels comfortable enough to share her college dreams (a spark ignited within her by none other than Daniel Holden last season) and her missed period. It's a fascinating story we get to see unfold here, and although this episode doesn't indicate perpetually clear skies ahead for anyone, it's a good step.
The beauty of this show, though, is that it allows for clear skies. We can see dark and dreary and storms all day, but Rectify understands that sometimes, the clouds need to clear and the sun needs to shine through.
GRADE: A-
OTHER THOUGHTS:
-Leon Rippy, Tom Nuttall from Deadwood, plays Lezlie, and he does a great job.
–Edit: Apparently, it's spelled Lezley, so assume I spelled it right the first time.
-I love how the episode delves into Ted Sr.'s side of things. The cold open is very well handled–“Filters.”–and it's interesting how Janet later takes his very reasonable approach to the kitchen situation as an attack on Daniel. You can see a bit of Amantha in her.
-The aforementioned Teddy-Tawney shot reminds me of one of the promotional posters they use:
-Speaking of Amantha, man, that blank stare. I understand. You're still very pretty.
-Also speaking of Amantha, it's sad, but understandable, that she wouldn't be jumping up and down to move to Boston. Simply put, she's a Paulie girl, and she just can't let go; she doesn't like it here, but she has to stay.
-Also also speaking of Amantha: Jon, you lucky bastard.
Photo credit: Rectify, Sundance TV
By FRANCO PANIZO
Aron Johannsson's red-hot start to the season with AZ Alkmaar has not gone unnoticed, especially not by Celtic.
According to a report out of the United Kingdom, Celtic are eyeing Johannsson with the hopes of signing him in the near future. The Scottish powerhouse currently employs forwards like Georgios Samaras and Anthony Stokes, but that is not stopping them from being interested in the 22-year-old U.S. Men's National Team forward with nine goals to his name in the current European season.
Celtic, who are regulars in the UEFA Champions League, are no strangers to American players. They formerly had goalkeeper Dom Cervi on their books and expressed an interest in signing midfielder Sacha Kljestan back in 2009.
Johannsson has been a scoring sensation at the club level in recent years. He lit up the scoreboards in the Danish Superliga with AGF Aarhus before transferring to AZ this past January and doing well in the Eredivisie.
What do you think of Celtic having reported interest in Johannsson? Would you be in favor of him making the move to the Scottish club/league? Prefer to see him stick with AZ?
Share your thoughts below.
Canada is considering legislation allowing the country's police and national security agency to readily access the online communications and the personal information of ISP subscribers.
"We must ensure that law enforcement has the necessary tools to catch up to the bad guys and ultimately bring them to justice. Twenty-first century technology calls for 21st-century tools," Justice Minister Rob Nicholson said in announcing two new bills at a press conference in Ottawa, the CBC has reported.
The Technical Assistance for Law Enforcement in the 21st Century Act would require ISPs to install "intercept-capable" equipment on their networks and provide police with "timely access" to subscribers' personal information, including names, street addresses, and IP addresses.
According to the Government of Canada, the new law would not provide police or the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) with additional intercept powers. Police forces and the CSIS will still require warrants for communication interception, the government says.
But they will not need a warrant when requesting a subscriber's personal information. At the news conference, Public Safety Peter Van Loan said that currently some ISPs are unwilling to provide personal info without a warrant and that this slows down investigations into crimes like child sexual exploitation or online theft.
We're not surprised he played the child sexual exploitation card.
Van Loan also said that ISPs will have to pay for the new intercept equipment but that the Canadian government may provide "reasonable compensation" if a service provider is forced to retrofit existing hardware.
ISPs would have 18 months to make the changes, but the law would provide a three-year exemption for companies with less than 100,000 subscribers.
The government is also proposing amendments to the Criminal Code, the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Act (MLACMA), and the Competition Act. These amendments would allow police to obtain both telephone and internet transmissions with a warrant (for live data) or a production order (for historical data), force telcos to retain data related to particular investigations, and allow law enforcement to remotely activate existing tracking devices in cell phones and other devices.
Oh, and it would make it a criminal offense for two or more people to agree to or arrange child sexual exploitation via telecommunications. ®
Colette Fu constructs intricate pop-up books out of her photographs. Image: Colette Fu Her most recent series, "We Are Tiger Dragon People," looks at the minorities in China's Yunnan Province. Image: Colette Fu Each single-page pop-up book tells a narrative. This particular book is about the food of the Dai people. Image: Colette Fu When shooting for her books, Fu avoids shadows, and likes to shoot straight-on full-body shots for maximum flexibility. Image: Colette Fu Up to 20 different photos can be used in a single book. Image: Colette Fu To give you a sense of scale, her "We Are Tiger Dragon People" pop-up books are 36x53 inches when fully opened. Image: Colette Fu “I always like to do things with my hands and make things, and I was always good at math,” says Fu. Image: Colette Fu This helped her with the more technical aspects of crafting the pop-ups. Image: Colette Fu Fu says her pop-ups get people to look at subject matter that they typically wouldn't look at otherwise. Image: Colette Fu
The first pop-up books were decidedly not for children. Created by physicists, philosophers and astronomers to demonstrate their theories and concepts, the books were more scientific tool than bedtime story. But what works for illustrating cosmic theories can certainly work for illustrating The Wizard of Oz, so along the way, the mechanics of the first pop-up books were re-appropriated as entertainment.
Colette Fu has been making pop-up books for the better part of five years. The Philadelphia-based artist brings her photography to life by adding traditional moveable book mechanisms like pull tabs, rotating disks and complicated folds. She's made pop-ups about her travels, done work for commercial clients like Sephora and documented oddball places like the National Museum of Roller Skating in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Her most recent series, “We Are the Tiger Dragon People,” is a deep dive into the world of China's Yunnan Province, an area of China where 25 of the country's total 55 minority tribes reside. Since 2008 Fu, who has roots in Yunnan, has documented the minority tribes in the region, and returned home to translate those photographs into intricate, 3-D books that tell the story of her subjects.
>Fu says she uses up to 20 photos to create the scenes.
When shooting for her books, Fu avoids shadows and likes to shoot straight-on full-body shots for maximum flexibility: "Just in case I need an arm later,” she explains. She then lays out all of the photos in Photoshop, tweaking and arranging their position to get the desired effect. The backgrounds of her single-page books are often a collage of photos taken on a particular day, while the actual pop-up mechanisms are printed, cut and folded into the 3-D features you see.
Fu says she uses up to 20 photos to create the scenes in her 36x53 inch books, adding that making pop-up books is a lot like putting together a a puzzle. Sometimes you have to shift the angles of the photos or add another layer to get the visuals just right. “Once I have it in pop-up form, I'll see what's missing,” she says.
Back when Fu was just starting out as a photographer, she recalls going to bookstores for inspiration. “Originally, I wanted to make something like the game of Life but with photos,” she says. Next to the shelf of games at her local Borders, she noticed a collection of pop-up books, that included Robert Sabuda's detailed masterpieces.
"I didn't know there were these complicated pop-up books,” she says. “It was amazing.” Fu began ordering books on eBay, deconstructing them to learn about their mechanisms. The paper engineering came naturally. “I always like to do things with my hands and make things, and I was always good at math,” she says. She began toying around with her own photographs and quickly realized pop-up books were an excellent way to really tell a story. "It gets people to look at things they wouldn't normally be interested in looking at,” she says.
[Hat tip: Visual News]
As your article reported, there was "'systematic' torture, starvation and even the burning alive of detainees" in the Mau Mau detention camps of Kenya (Papers reveal brutal treatment of Mau Mau prisoners as victims bring fight to Britain, 8 April). And four elderly Kenyans "who claim they were variously whipped, beaten, sexually abused and castrated while detained under colonial rule in the 1950s" are looking for the UK to take responsibility for the structure of systematic torture created by its colonial administration and military forces, and authorised at the highest levels of the British government.
In 2005, I provided a detailed account of this system in Britain's Gulag: The Brutal End of Empire in Kenya. I discovered that British forces wielded their authority with a perverse colonial logic: only by physically and psychologically atomising almost the entire Kikuyu population of 1.5 million could colonial authority be restored and the civilising mission reinstated.
I used archival evidence collected in Kenya and Britain, along with witness testimony that I collected from hundreds of detention survivors. A number of former detainees told me that electric shock was widely used, as well as cigarettes and fire. As I wrote: "Bottles (often broken), gun barrels, knives, snakes, vermin, and hot eggs were thrust up men's rectums and women's vaginas. The screening teams whipped, shot, burned, and mutilated Mau Mau suspects, ostensibly to gather intelligence for military operations, and as court evidence." At the time, the British government sought to circumvent international accords. Forced labour was constantly imposed in the camps. Kenya's defence minister had said of the use of detainee labour: "We are slave traders and the employment of our slaves are, in this instance, by the Public Works Department."
Recently, as your article stated, the Foreign Office has produced 300 boxes of files, totalling some 17,000 pages of documents, related to the detention camps. These boxes have been under lock and key since Kenya's decolonisation in 1963. They were only produced because of document disclosure rules governing the current Mau Mau case.
As you report: "The extraordinary quantity of Kenyan colonial service documents … will lead to a re-examination of the period." Undoubtedly we will learn a great deal from these files. As an expert witness for the current Mau Mau case, I have read some of them with great interest. But will these new documents alter dramatically what we already know about the detention camps of Kenya? Probably not. But these files do provide significant elaboration on the previously detailed brutality, as well as more extensive documentation on who precisely was perpetrating, ordering and condoning the offences.
My book was resoundingly criticised at the time of its publication. Historian Andrew Roberts wrote that I had committed "blood libels against Britain". Africans make up stories, one eminent historian publicly told me. Many critics chose to ignore the significant documentary evidence. Instead, they zeroed in on the survivor testimony, and declared it unusable. Defenders of empire – and even those less imperial-minded – declared there was no systematic abuse.
These sentiments should give us pause as they are informing today's media coverage. The current Mau Mau claimants had significant evidence, including their own testimonies, to substantiate their case long before the recent FCO disclosures. The problem was that some chose not to believe it.
It was supposed to be a "killer app," but a system deployed to volunteers by Mitt Romney's presidential campaign may have done more harm to Romney's chances on Election Day—largely because of a failure to follow basic best practices for IT projects.
Called "Orca," the effort was supposed to give the Romney campaign its own analytics on what was happening at polling places and to help the campaign direct get-out-the-vote efforts in the key battleground states of Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania, Iowa, and Colorado.
Instead, volunteers couldn't get the system to work from the field in many states—in some cases because they had been given the wrong login information. The system crashed repeatedly. At one point, the network connection to the Romney campaign's headquarters went down because Internet provider Comcast reportedly thought the traffic was caused by a denial of service attack.
As one Orca user described it to Ars, the entire episode was a "huge clusterfuck." Here's how it happened.
Develop in haste, repent at leisure
The Romney campaign put a lot of stock in Orca, giving PBS NewsHour an advance look at the operation on November 5. But according to volunteers who saw and used the system, it was hardly a model of stability, having been developed in just seven months on a lightning schedule following the Republican primary elections. Orca had been conceived by two men—Romney's Director of Voter Contact Dan Centinello and the campaign's Political Director Rich Beeson. It was named in honor of the killer whale as an allusion to the Obama campaign's own voter identification program, code-named Narwhal; orcas are the top predator of narwhals, Romney campaign staffers explained, and they were preparing to outshine the Democratic voter turnout effort.
As Romney's Communications Director Gail Gitcho put it in the PBS piece, "The Obama campaign likes to brag about their ground operation, but it's nothing compared to this."
To build Orca, the Romney campaign turned to Microsoft and an unnamed application consulting firm. The goal was to put a mobile application in the hands of 37,000 volunteers in swing states, who would station themselves at the polls and track the arrival of known Romney supporters. The information would be monitored by more than 800 volunteers back at Romney's Boston Garden campaign headquarters via a Web-based management console, and it would be used to push out more calls throughout the day to pro-Romney voters who hadn't yet shown up at the polls. A backup voice response system would allow local poll volunteers to call in information from the field if they couldn't access the Web.
But Orca turned out to be toothless, thanks to a series of deployment blunders and network and system failures. While the system was stress-tested using automated testing tools, users received little or no advance training on the system. Crucially, there was no dry run to test how Orca would perform over the public Internet.
Part of the issue was Orca's architecture. While 11 backend database servers had been provisioned for the system—probably running on virtual machines—the "mobile" piece of Orca was a Web application supported by a single Web server and a single application server. Rather than a set of servers in the cloud, "I believe all the servers were in Boston at the Garden or a data center nearby," wrote Hans Dittuobo, a Romney volunteer at Boston Garden, to Ars by e-mail.
Throughout the day, the Orca Web page was repeatedly inaccessible. It remains unclear whether the issue was server load or a lack of available bandwidth, but the result was the same: Orca had not been tested under real-world conditions and repeatedly failed when it was needed the most.
All tell, no show
Before Election Day, volunteer training at Boston headquarters amounted to a series of 90-minute conference calls with Centinello. Users had no hands-on with the Orca application itself, which wasn't turned on until 6:00 AM on Election Day.
"We asked if our laptops needed to be WiFi capable," Dittuobo told Ars. "Dan Centinello went into how the Garden had just finished expansion of its wireless network and that yes, WiFi was required. I was concerned about hacking, jamming the signal, etc...Then we were told that we would not be using WiFi but using Ethernet connections."
Field volunteers also got briefed via conference calls, and they too had no hands-on with the application in advance of Election Day. There was a great deal of confusion among some volunteers in the days leading up to the election as they searched Android and Apple app stores for the Orca application, not knowing it was a Web app.
John Ekdahl, Jr., a Web developer and Romney volunteer, recounted on the Ace of Spades HQ blogs that these preparatory calls were "more of the slick marketing speech type than helpful training sessions. I had some serious questions—things like 'Has this been stress tested?', 'Is there redundancy in place?', and 'What steps have been taken to combat a coordinated DDOS attack or the like?', among others. These types of questions were brushed aside (truth be told, they never took one of my questions). They assured us that the system had been relentlessly tested and would be a tremendous success."
In a final training call on November 3, field volunteers were told to expect "packets" shortly containing the information they needed to use Orca. Those packets, which showed up in some volunteers' e-mail inboxes as late as November 5, turned out to be PDF files—huge PDF files which contained instructions on how to use the app and voter rolls for the voting precincts each volunteer would be working. After discovering the PDFs in his e-mail inbox at 10:00 PM on Election Eve, Ekdahl said that "I sat down and cursed, as I would have to print 60+ pages of instructions and voter rolls on my home printer. They expected 75 to 80-year old veteran volunteers to print out 60+ pages on their home computers? The night before election day?"
Invalid passwords, crashing servers
When the Romney campaign finally brought up Orca, the "killer whale" was not ready to perform. Some field volunteers couldn't even report to their posts, because the campaign hadn't told them they first needed to pick up poll watcher credentials from one of Romney's local "victory centers." Others couldn't connect to the Orca site because they entered the URL for the site without the https:// prefix; instead of being redirected to the secure site, they were confronted with a blank page, Ekdahl said.
And for many of those who managed to get to their polling places and who called up the website on their phones, there was another, insurmountable hurdle—their passwords didn't work and attempts to reset passwords through the site also failed. As for the voice-powered backup system, it failed too as many poll watchers received the wrong personal identification numbers needed to access the system. Joel Pollak of Briebart reported that hundreds of volunteers in Colorado and North Carolina couldn't use either the Web-based or the voice-based Orca systems; it wasn't until 6:00 PM on Election Day that the team running Orca admitted they had issued the wrong PIN codes and passwords to everyone in those states, and they reset them. Even then, some volunteers still couldn't login.
In Boston, things weren't much better. Some of the VoIP phones set up for volunteers were misconfigured. And as volunteers tried to help people in the field get into the system, they ran into similar problems themselves. "I tried to login to the field website," Dittuobo told me, "but none of the user names and passwords worked, though the person next to me could get in. We had zero access to Iowa, Colorado, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania. Seems like the only state that was working was Florida."
As the Web traffic from volunteers attempting to connect to Orca mounted, the system crashed repeatedly because of bandwidth constraints. At one point the network connection to the campaign's data center went down—apparently because the ISP shut it off. "They told us Comcast thought it was a denial of service attack and shut it down," Dittuobu recounted. "(Centinello) was giddy about it," he added—presumably because he thought that so much traffic was sign of heavy system use.
Flying blind
As the day wore on and information still failed to flow in from the field, the Romney campaign was flying blind. Instead of using Orca's vaunted analytics to steer their course, Centinello and the rest of Romney's team had no solid data on how to target late voters, other than what they heard from the media. Meanwhile, volunteers like Ekdahl could do nothing but vote themselves and go home.
This sort of failure is why there's a trend in application testing (particularly in the development of public-facing applications) away from focusing on testing application infrastructure performance and toward focusing on user experience. Automated testing rigs can tell if software components are up to the task of handling expected loads, but they can't show what the system's performance will look like to the end user. And whatever testing environment Romney's campaign team and IT consultants used, it wasn't one that mimicked the conditions of Election Day. As a result, Orca's launch on Election Day was essentially a beta test of the software—not something most IT organizations would do in such a high-stakes environment.
IT projects are easy scapegoats for organizational failures. There's no way to know if Romney could have made up the margins in Ohio if Orca had worked. But the catastrophic failure of the system, purchased at large expense, squandered the campaign's most valuable resource—people—and was symptomatic of a much bigger leadership problem.
"The end result," Ekdahl wrote, "was that 30,000+ of the most active and fired-up volunteers were wandering around confused and frustrated when they could have been doing anything else to help. The bitter irony of this entire endeavor was that a supposedly small government candidate gutted the local structure of [get out the vote] efforts in favor of a centralized, faceless organization in a far off place (in this case, their Boston headquarters). Wrap your head around that."
Republican campaigners will undoubtedly try to wrap their heads around it for some time to come.
Talk of the cannabis industry still sparks snickers and jokes from onlookers who expect business leaders in Birkenstocks and dreadlocks. But on Thursday afternoon, at the first New York meeting of the National Cannabis Industry Association, a lobbying group that supports the federal legalization of marijuana, it was collared shirts, suits and white tablecloths.
The well-tailored crowd of NCIA members had gathered in Manhattan for a fundraiser, at which they were joined by local politicians who have been pushing for legalization.
Politicians in attendance included New York assemblyman Steve Katz, who had opposed medical marijuana before he was arrested for unlawful possession of the drug in March 2013. “You are representatives of the great American tradition of free enterprise, entrepreneurialism, and yes, dare I say it, free-market capitalism,” Katz told the crowd.
Katz seized on the energy of the cannabis-oriented businesspeople in attendance who believe the industry has enormous potential. Their enthusiasm has strengthened in recent months, as recreational use became legal in Colorado and Washington this year, and a Gallup poll last fall showed for the first time a majority of Americans favoring legalization.
Some people at the meeting, however, said that starting in the industry isn't a simple matter, and that it requires substantial capital.
“A new person coming into the industry is definitely going to need millions,” said Julie Dooley, the president and co-creator of Julie & Kate Baked Goods, a company that makes edibles – treats laced with marijuana. Standing near a basket of “non-medicated” samples of her sticky treats, Dooley explained that her business started on a “shoestring” budget, but said cannabis-business hopefuls need much more money to get started these days.
Part of that need is being filled by Silicon Valley-esque Angel Investors, who are banking on increased national support for legalization as they pour funds into marijuana startups in states like Colorado and Washington.
One of these angel investors, ArcView Group, has valued the legal marijuana US market at $1.53bn, and believes that the number could grow, as legalization becomes a reality in more US states.
But like most US industries, this one is currently dominated by white men. The women at the event said they were hoping that they can change that by seizing on the relative newness of the industry.
“No one knows what's going on right now,” said Jane West, owner of the cannabis-themed events company Edible Events. “As long as you have the right connections and funding you can make anything you want happen.”
Of course, ventures promoting recreational use are operating in a two-state market. That is something supportive politicians and industry leaders are hoping to change, as they tout the medicinal benefits of cannabis, including studies showing it could help children who experience severe epilepsy.
Another of the keynote speakers, New York state senator Diane Savino, who sponsored the state's Compassionate Care Act that would legalize medical marijuana, became involved with the cause when some of her family members began using the drug to cope with illness.
Savino called on Congress to support federal marijuana legalization, but said she believed change in New York would be enough to spur movement in other states.
“New York is a watershed state – as we go, so go the other states,” Savino said.
When Nirvana released the super deluxe version of “Nevermind” in 2011, it included a disc called “The Devonshire Mixes”. These were rough mixes made in May of 1991, that producer Butch Vig put together during production of the album for the band to hear. They were called “The Devonshire Mixes” because they were mixed at Devonshire Sound Studios in North Hollywood, California. Devonshire Studio has since closed down but here is the building now.
10733 Magnolia Blvd., North Hollywood, CA 91601
One of the studio assistants said, “They were at Devonshire for 3 or 4 days before they decided to move the mix to another studio. No real tracking occurred at Devonshire, however I recall Kurt doing a few guitar overdubs and I think he did a few vocal fixes as well. Kurt carved the word NIRVANA on the underside of a wooden chair rail in the back of the control room.”
Here's some great recent photo's of the men responsible for the “Devonshire Mixes”, Vig, Dave Grohl & Krist Novoselic from the Foo Fighters “Wasting Light” sessions and the Nirvana “Nevermind” Deluxe press junket.
Sure miss Kurt in these photo's.
The Devonshire mixes remained unreleased until the anniversary reissue – why were they deemed inadequate?
Krist Novoselic –
“Butch wanted to take a week or two off, to rest his ears. But the recording went on too long, and we just immediately moved on to the mixing.”
Butch Vig –
“We only had seven or eight days booked, but around the third or fourth mix I realised it wasn't sounding optimal. Part of it was that the band were hanging out with me. Kurt would keep coming up to the board: “Turn the trebel off all the tracks.” And I'm like: “I don't think that's going to sound very good.” So I'd turn all the cymbals down and it made it all sound like Black Sabbath. We went around and around. When we played stuff for the label they felt it could sound bigger and bolder – and I think it was smart to get Andy Wallace to come in with a fresh perspective.”
Dave Grohl –
Blockchain crowdsales solution Cryptonomos has just announced the launch of a token which offers access to the capacities of cryptocurrency mining facility Giga Watt, built by Bitcoin mining veteran Dave Carlson.
The London Summit 2017 is coming, get involved!
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
The Giga Watt token, WTT, will be offered on Cryptonomos beginning June 2, 2017, and will tokenize the processing center's capacity to accommodate one watt's worth of mining equipment power consumption, rent-free, for the lifetime of the hosting facility (which the company estimates to be about 50 years). This would allow Bitcoins to be mined for less than $500, according to the firm's estimations.
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
“By tokenizing our mining infrastructure, GigaWatt is finally able to extend our huge economic advantage to anyone in the world, large or small, to run their own mining business and be successful by having our expert team build and manage it,” said Dave Carlson, founder of Giga Watt. “This is a move to decentralize the global balance of mining power and put it back in the hands of the little guy. The home miner built Bitcoin, and I want anyone to succeed as a true participant in the explosive growth of cryptocurrency mining.”
Giga Watt's facilities also power any proof-of-work miner, so WTT token holders will also be able to mine Ethereum, Litecoin, and additional cryptocurrencies in the future.
While the company is registered in Singapore, Giga Watt's facility is located in the US state of Washington in order to benefit from the low electricity costs that the state is known for. The initial stage of construction has already been completed and is actively mining.
CLEARWATER, FL – United Soccer Leagues hosted its Hall of Fame & Awards Dinner Friday night at the Hyatt Regency Clearwater Beach Resort & Spa, honoring the teams and individuals who have helped USL maintain its place for nearly 30 years as the largest organization of elite-level soccer leagues in North America.
The USL is represented in the Northwest by one W-League team (Seattle Sounders Women) and a group of PDL teams. Three of the clubs are coming back home with awards.
The Sounders Women took awards for Broadcasting (online) and Executive of the Year, Jon Billings. The North Sound SeaWolves won the PDL Broadcasting award for their two-man online streaming of matches. The Victoria Highlanders of the PDL won awards for Progress and Executive of the Year, Mark deFrias.
PDL
Regular Season Champions: Thunder Bay Chill
Fair Play: Austin Aztex, NJ LUSO Parma, Southern California Seahorses
Marketing: FC Tucson
Broadcast: North Sound SeaWolves FC
Communications: Reading United AC
Rookie Franchise of the Year: Real Boston Rams
Progress Award: Victoria Highlanders FC
Betsy McAdams Key Grip Award: Teresa Howe, SW Florida Adrenaline
Executive of the Year: Mark deFrias, Victoria Highlanders FC
Organization of the Year: Austin Aztex
W-League
Regular Season Champions: Virginia Beach Piranhas
Fair Play: Dayton Dutch Lions
Marketing: LA Strikers
Broadcast: Seattle Sounders Women
Communications: Washington Spirit Reserves
Rookie Franchise of the Year: Bay Area Breeze
Progress Award: Carolina Elite Cobras
Betsy McAdams Key Grip Award: Remy DuCote, Washington Spirit Reserves
Executive of the Year: Jon Billings, Seattle Sounders Women
Organization of the Year: Dayton Dutch Lions
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
VOTE rigging in Muslim communities has gone unchallenged because “politically correct” police and other bodies are scared of causing offence, a hard-hitting report reveals today.
Authorities have also turned a “blind eye” to bullying and religious intimidation among Asian communities at election times, former Cabinet Minister Sir Eric Pickles found.
Getty Images 7 A report has found that police are not tackling vote-rigging in Muslim communities
And he blasted watchdog the Electoral Commission for making the problem worse by promoting the use of foreign languages at polling stations, saying it “leaves the door open to fraud”.
The situation is so bad that Sir Eric called for the most dramatic overhaul of Britain's electoral system ever – warning the “integrity of democracy” is at stake.
Getty Images 7 Authorities are afraid of being seen as offensive, the report stated
RELATED STORIES Revealed 'FAR TOO QUICK' Eric Pickles slams Labour move to reinstate anti-Semitism row MP Naz Shah after just two months The Latest MARCH 4 ANDREA Supporters of Leadsom make bizarre march to Parliament as Tory leadership vote gets underway Video SEEING RED Police arrest footballer who savagely attacked referee who sent him off for violent conduct SECURITY FEARS Police find second bullet in equestrian media centre, with chief saying 'nobody is 100 per cent safe' Video DEATH WISH Astonishing footage shows ‘stupid drunk' teen lead cops on a 100mph car chase through 30mph zone
David Cameron appointed Communities Secretary Sir Eric anti-corruption tsar to probe electoral fraud in the wake of a major voting scandal in Tower Hamlets, East London.
Lutfur Rahman was booted out as mayor after being found guilty of corrupt and illegal practices after being accused of claiming racism and Islamophobia to silence his critics.
Rex Features 7 Lutfur Rahman was removed as Mayor of Tower Hamlets for corrupt and illegal practices
Last year's general election was also blighted by radical Muslims intimidating voters at polling stations by claiming that voting was “un-Islamic”.
And major postal voting fraud has been suspected in other mainly Asian areas – a decade after a judge found evidence of fraud in Birmingham that would “disgrace a banana republic”.
Sir Eric heard police had been reluctant to stop intimidation “maybe because of a supposed fear of claims of ‘discrimination'” – despite the fact one voter was told they would “burn in hell” for supporting the wrong candidate - and had given the impression they are “soft” on electoral fraud.
PA:Press Association 7 Police have given the impression they are soft on election fraud, says Sir Eric Pickles
The top Tory said some cops were “too closely associated” with councils or local politicians, and failed to probe tip offs as they “were concerned about being pro-active on some issues because of potential allegations of discrimination”.
He said it was “astonishing” that no criminal charges were brought in the Tower Hamlets case, adding: “The Election Court heard how a voter was seen crying outside a polling station after allegedly being told by a supporter of Lutfur Rahman that it was ‘un-Islamic' not to vote for Rahman, and that you were ‘not a good Muslim' if you did not vote for him.
Getty Images 7 The anti-corruption tsar said cops are too close to local politicians
“The court found that Muslim clerics had participated in Lutfur Rahman's campaign to persuade Muslim voters that it was their religious duty to vote for him.”
Authorities had also feared to intervene over massive postal vote abuse, including women and youngsters being told how to vote by elders, Sir Eric found.
Getty Images 7 No criminal charges were brought in the Tower Hamlets case
Warning the true scale of the problem is unknown, he said: “There were concerns that influence and intimidation within households may not be reported, and that state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of ‘politically correct' over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion.”
Sir Eric called for a package of radical measures to tackle the issue, including safe zones around polling stations, forcing people to produce ID when voting, ending the right to permanent postal votes and far tougher sentences for fraud.
PA:Press Association 7 'Britain's trust-based system is becoming no-longer tenable, says Eric Pickles
He warned that Britain's “trust-based” system is “becoming no-longer tenable”.
And he called for a far tougher approach on fraud in Asian areas, saying: “There are sometimes challenging issues over divisive community politics and ethnic-religious polarisation, but this is no excuse for failing to enforce British law and protect the integrity of our democratic process.
“The law must be applied equally and fairly to everyone. Integration and good community relations are undermined by the failure to uphold the rule of law and ensure fair play.”
Nowadays every enterprise, be it small or large, depends on information technology (IT) for some or most of its operations, and with IT; comes information security. Most of the small and medium scale enterprises (SMEs) and sometimes large enterprises are unaware of the issue of information security and hence often ignore it. The budget (if) allocated for the purpose of implementing cybersecurity is usually too scarce to get a thorough penetration test and/or security compliance done. This negligence often leads to a security breach and ultimately costs more in the form of data loss and incident handling costs. It is always better to follow a proactive strategy than a reactive one in the field of cybersecurity.
In this article we are going to discuss the Windows vulnerability assessment utilizing some free and easy to use tools. The tools have been chosen intentionally that anyone with basic technical understanding can use them, so that the Administrator of even a small enterprise can utilize them to generate results and take appropriate action.
Before discussing vulnerability assessment and the tools in detail, here are few terminologies that need to be discussed:
Vulnerability: Vulnerability can be understood as a weakness or flaw in the application which allows an attacker to cause undesirable operations or gain unauthorized access. Presence of vulnerability poses a threat to the user of the application as it might lead to data compromise. Example: Buffer Overflow
Threat: An event or action that might prejudice security. A threat can also be described as a potential violation of security. Example: A Virus
Attack: Any action that attempts to violate the security of a system. Example: Brute Force
Exploit: A command sequence or data chunk whose aim is to take advantage of a flaw or vulnerability in an application. Example: MS 12-020 RDP exploit
Now we understand the basics, so let's move forward. Vulnerability assessment in terms of cybersecurity can be understood as the process of Identifying, Enumerating and Ranking the vulnerabilities present in a system or network in order to patch them. It is concerned with the security of the resource and its environment and is a proactive approach.
Typical assessment steps:
Classifying system resources
Allocating enumerable value to the classified resources
Detecting possible threats (vulnerabilities) to each resource.
Eliminating the vulnerabilities on priority basis.
Often people, even in IT industry, confuse vulnerability assessment with penetration testing. Here are the differences between the two:
Vulnerability Assessment Penetration Testing
Aim is to find out all potential vulnerabilities. Aim is to identify and exploit the vulnerabilities.
It provides an overview of the existing flaws. It demonstrates the impact of the flaw.
Might present false positives regarding the Exploiting the vulnerabilities removes the vulnerabilities. It does not validate them. chance of a false positive.
It is difficult to check if the security measures Simulating the attack determines if the security measures (IPS, IDS, firewall etc.) can be bypassed or not.
Windows operating systems are some of the most used as well as exploited OS around the world. The ease of deployment and usage has not only made them popular among the common people but also a soft target for the attackers. Here we are going to discuss some tools which can be utilized to easily perform Windows vulnerability assessment so that the flaws are identified at the right time by the right people to avoid security breaches.
Open Vulnerability Assessment System: Initially named as GNessUs, OpenVAS is a powerful vulnerability scanning and management framework. It was forked from the popular vulnerability scanner Nessus after it went proprietary in 2005 (initially it was free and open source).
OpenVAS is based on client-server architecture over SSL. The architecture is explained below (source: http://www.openvas.org/software.html):
OpenVAS Scanner: At the core of the architecture is the OpenVAS scanner which executes the Network Vulnerability Tests (NVTs). The NVTs are regularly updated with the NVT feed.
OpenVAS Manager: It provides the service of combining the vulnerability scanning with vulnerability management. The manager makes it possible to implement various clients for consistent behavior. It also controls a SQL database for central storage.
Greenbone Security Assistant: GSA provides a browser based interface for the application.
Greenbone Security Desktop: GSD provides a desktop client.
OpenVAS CLI: A simple command line interface.
OpenVAS Administrator: It is a full service daemon whose task is user and feed management.
The protocols implemented in OpenVAS are:
OpenVAS Transfer Protocol (OTP)
OpenVAS Management Protocol (OMP)
OpenVAS Admininstrative Protocol (OAP)
Feature overview of OpenVAS:
OpenVAS Scanner
Many target hosts are scanned concurrently
OpenVAS Transfer Protocol (OTP)
SSL support for OTP (always)
WMI support (optional)
OpenVAS Manager
OpenVAS Management Protocol (OMP)
SQL Database (SQLite) for configurations and scan results
SSL support for OMP (always)
Many concurrent scans tasks (many OpenVAS Scanners)
Notes management for scan results
False Positive management for scan results
Scheduled scans
Flexible escalators upon status of a scan task
Stop, Pause and Resume of scan tasks
Master-Slave Mode to control many instances from a central one
Reports Format Plugin Framework with various plugins for: XML, HTML, LateX, etc.
OpenVAS Administrator
OpenVAS Administration Protocol (OAP)
SSL support for OAP (always)
All OAP commands also as command line parameters
User Management
Feed status view
Feed synchronization
Greenbone Security Assistant (GSA)
Client for OMP and OAP
HTTP and HTTPS
Web server on its own (micro-httpd), thus no extra web server required
Integrated online-help system
Greenbone Security Desktop (GSD)
Client for OMP
Qt-based
Runs on Windows, Linux, etc.
Support of Internationalization (English, German, French…)
OpenVAS CLI
Client for OMP
Runs on Windows, Linux, etc.
OpenVAS comes pre-installed on the Backtrack 5 under:
Backtrack > Vulnerability Assessment > Vulnerability Scanners.
Steps to setup OpenVAS in Backtrack 5
OpenVAS provides a utility to check the setup of the application, it can be fired up using the following command under the directory “/pentest/misc/openvas”
# ./openvas-check-setup
This command checks and provides advisories on the issues related to the setup.
Add a user to the OpenVAS using the option OpenVAS Adduser. Output is displayed in figure 1.
Figure1. Adding a user to OpenVAS
Create the certificate using the option OpenVAS Mkcert Certificate creation is demonstrated in figure 2.
Figure 2. Certificate created
Synchronize the NVTs using the option OpenVAS NVT sync. NVT sync. process is shown in figure 3.
Figure 3. NVT sync.
Start the scanner through option Start OpenVAS Scanner. The output of the function and the following steps are shown in figure 4.
Create the client cert using the command:
# openvas-mkcert-client –n om –i
Rebuild the database by running the command:
# openvasmd –rebuild
Create an administrative user using the command:
# openvasd –c ‘add_user' –n AdminNameHere –r Admin Start OpenVas Manager # openvasmd –p 9390 –a 127.0.0.1 Start OpenVAS Administrator # openvasad –p 9393 –a 127.0.0.1
Figure 4. OpenVAS Setup
Start Greenbone Security Assistant
# gsad –http-only –listen=127.0.0.1 –p 9392
Access the Greenbone Security Assistant interface to start the assessment using a web browser with address 127.0.0.1:9390. Figure 5 shows the GSA interface.
Figure 5. GSA interface
Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer: MBSA is a software tool provided by Microsoft to assess the security state of a Windows machine. MBSA looks for missing security patches and security misconfigurations to find out the basic security issues the machine might be facing. MBSA not only looks out for OS based issues but also for some the widely deployed Microsoft services and applications such as Windows IIS, SQL server, Internet Explorer (IE), MS Office. Figure 6 shows the MBSA interface.
Figure 6. MBSA interface
MBSA provides two interfaces to use the application, the graphical interface can be accessed by the Mbsa.exe and the command line interface can be accessed through the Mbsacli.exe. Although both the interfaces perform the same function, the command line interface provides some advanced technical options for better administration. The advantage of using the graphical interface is that it displays the result immediately after the process of scanning. After completing the process of scanning a single computer or multiple computers, MBSA provides a list of security recommendations that can easily be implemented by the administrator to elevate the security level of the machine. Figure 7 displays the result of a MBSA scan.
Figure 7. MBSA scan result
(source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Baseline_Security_Analyzer)
Secunia PSI: Although Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer (MBSA) can be used to check for missing updates for the Windows OS and services, what about the third party applications? Even if the release of a new version of an application is known, it is often ignored, so this is where Secunia Personal Software Inspector comes in. Secunia PSI is a free application for security scanning. It checks out which applications need to be updated and is also capable of automating the process of updating. The application can run in the background and identify the programs that need updating, and download the appropriate patch and install it, without much user interaction. If it is not capable of updating the application itself, it notifies the user about it and also provides some instructions that can be helpful in the process. Figure 8 shows the output of Secunia PSI for a Windows machine.
Figure 8. Secunia PSI scan result
Secunia PSI performs its functionality by examining the files on the computer and extracting software vendor specific metadata. This collected data is further sent to Secunia's server for determination of the applications installed on the machine and provides the report of the security updates which are missing from the system. By allowing scanning for all the updates through one interface and automating the process of updating, it substantially reduces the effort required for keeping the system updated and increases the security level. Figure 9 displays the Secunia PSI interface after updating the specific application.
Figure 9. Secunia PSI output
Protector Plus- Windows Vulnerability Scanner: Protector Plus-WVS is a utility, developed by Proland Software that is capable of detecting the vulnerabilities present in a Windows environment. It scans a machine for vulnerabilities and displays the result in the form of a list. Along with the vulnerabilities it also provides the rating of the vulnerabilities and a link to the appropriate Microsoft patch (Microsoft Security Bulletin). It is a simple program which requires no installation and executes by simply double-clicking the Winvulscan.exe. Along with displaying the result list it also creates a log file named as Protector_Plus_Windows_Vulnerability_Scan.htm in the folder where the .exe is. The result of the Protector Plus WVS is shown in figure 10.
Figure 10. Protector Plus WVS result
Windows Sysinternals: Windows Sysinternals is actually not a vulnerability scanner, but it is capable of assisting users with its various functionalities. It is a collection of utilities which can help to manage, diagnose, troubleshoot and monitor a Windows machine. The utilities of Sysinternals have been bundled together into a single suite, the Sysinternals suite.
The list of the tools in the suite is:
AccessChk AccessEnum AdExplorer AdInsight AdRestore Autologon Autoruns BgInfo CacheSet ClockRes Contig Coreinfo Ctrl2Cap DebugView Desktops Disk2vhd DiskExt DiskMon DiskView Disk Usage (DU) EFSDump FindLinks Handle Hex2dec Junction LDMDump ListDLLs LiveKd LoadOrder LogonSessions MoveFile NTFSInfo PageDefrag PendMoves PipeList PortMon ProcDump Process Explorer Process Monitor PsExec PsFile PsGetSid PsInfo PsKill PsList PsLoggedOn PsLogList PsPasswd PsService PsShutdown PsSuspend RAMMap RegDelNull RegJump RootkitRevealer SDelete ShareEnum ShellRunas SigCheck Streams Strings Sync TCPView VMMap VolumeID WhoIs WinObj ZoomIt
The utilities provided in the Sysinternals suite are small yet quite useful. The utilities such as Process Explorer, RAMMAP, and Autoruns are very advanced and provide functionalities which are not even provided by various commercial applications. Although these utilities do not provide any vulnerability detection, yet they can be very helpful in detection of various security threats/attacks and daily troubleshooting.
Conclusion
Vulnerability assessment as described above helps to substantially reduce the risk of a security breach. It should not be taken as a substitute to other security practices such as penetration testing, malware scanning, IPS/IDS implementation, log analysis etc., but should be practiced as a complementary process. As it does not require special training in the information security domain and can be accomplished by anyone with a basic understanding of computers, it must be in the priority list of any enterprise which desires to keep its data safe.
Update: As Microsoft Restructuring Nears, Top Execs Fret Over Their Fate
According to sources close to the situation, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is likely to unveil his plans to restructure the tech giant to a larger group of senior execs around the beginning of July.
That prospect has many top managers at the company worried, since Ballmer has been making these significant plans with limited consultation with the wider leadership group at the software giant. Instead, he has been working with only a small group of his direct reports and also some Microsoft board members, numerous sources said.
That has meant that most senior execs have largely been left out of the decision-making process related to Ballmer's goal of solidifying Microsoft into the “devices and services company,” that he wrote about in his annual shareholder letter last October.
The impending changes — and the lack of information about them — has made for some level of discomfort inside Microsoft, where many high-ranking managers have been at the company for a very long time.
“It feels like it is going to be titanic — that Steve is doing this change for his legacy,” said one person close to the situation. “And it's the first time in a long time that it feels like that there will be some major shifts, including some departures.”
That has certainly happened under Ballmer, such as when Windows chief Steven Sinofsky left the company late last year. There was also a major reorg in 2008.
Other top execs who have departed over the last several years include: Kevin Johnson, who became CEO of Juniper Networks, after 16 years at Microsoft; Jeff Raikes, who arrived at Microsoft in 1981 and is now CEO of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; and the twin departures of Robbie Bach — who was at the company for 22 years, until his retirement in 2010 — and 15-year veteran J Allard, although he remains an advisor to Ballmer.
But those were largely one-offs, and Microsoft has not seen a change like what is expected to come since some similarly dramatic rejiggerings were done by former CEO and co-founder Bill Gates during his tenure.
That's why another source said that the level of worry has grown, since there have been rampant internal rumors about what will happen, but no real change as yet. “It would be funny if Ballmer did nothing in the end,” said the source. “But no one thinks that's possible now.”
A Microsoft spokesman declined to comment.
As I had previously reported, according to several people close to the situation, the new configuration could include larger roles for several execs, with business units being moved around into new divisions. But, sources noted, there could also be some significant departures.
Focus internally is especially strong on Satya Nadella, president of Microsoft's Servers and Tools division; Tony Bates, president of its Skype communications unit; and Don Mattrick, president of its Interactive Entertainment division. In addition, many are wondering how the job of Qi Lu, president of Microsoft's Online Services unit, will shift, as well as that of Terry Myerson, who runs the company's Windows Phone division.
But it's unclear how their new and perhaps expanded roles, and those of others in top management, will shake out. That is, until Ballmer weighs in.
Many expect him to soon begin unveiling his plans internally, just ahead of the end of Microsoft's fiscal year. It's not clear when a public announcement will be made.
One thing seems certain — a simplification of the structure to clarify its current and decidedly more convoluted set-up. And how Microsoft's flagship software product, Windows, fits into the new org, will be the most interesting part of the puzzle.
The possible restructuring comes amid increasing investor pressure on Microsoft, including a recent run-up in its stock and a renewed effort by activist shareholders urging that some level of change take place at Microsoft.
The company will be on display to developers this coming week at Microsoft's Build conference in San Francisco, where it will show off a series of initiatives for Windows, Bing and its servers products, among other things.
A motorist who failed one of the country's first roadside drug driving tests has hit out at the new laws after he claims his medication caused him to fail the test.
A motorist who failed one of the country's first roadside drug driving tests has hit out at the new laws after he claims his medication caused him to fail the test.
'I was humiliated by drug driving arrest because of my medication' - driver hits out at new laws
Alan Croghan spoke to Joe Duffy on RTÉ's Liveline today and outlined how he came to be tested and what happened after he failed.
On Good Friday, at around 11pm, he said he was stopped by gardai and was tested for alcohol and drugs on the N11.
He tested positive for benzodiazepines and opiates and was arrested on suspicion of drug-driving, before being brought to Bray garda station.
Mr Croghan said he has a number of prescriptions for various medical reasons, including a liver transplant a number of years ago.
"I'm on a litany of medications, none of which are mind-altering," he told the broadcaster.
He takes more than 20 tablets per day, including Xanax and Solpadine which he suspects may have negatively affected his results on the test.
Mr Croghan gave a blood sample in the garda station which will be tested further.
He claimed he was left in a "dirty, manky" cell for two hours during the incident before being released at 2am when he had to get a taxi back to his car, at a cost of €33.
"I just feel really, really hard done by," the author and former journalist said.
"The doctor said to me: 'I'm after talking to you for the last 20 minutes your speech isn't slurred, your walking steady, I'm after having the most articulate conversation I've had with you. There is no way you are inebriated'," he said.
"People who are prescribed medications and don't abuse them are going to be prosecuted... this is insane Joe," he added.
The garda press office said it was unable to comment on individual cases.
A number of other listeners contacted Liveline expressing concerns about whether their medication would cause them to fail a drug-driving test.
At the much-heralded launch of the tests last week gardai and safety chiefs attempted to answer a number of questions to inform people taking prescribed medication.
An information leaflet is available here.
Can I drive when on medication?
It is against the law to drive under the influence of certain drugs to the point that you cannot keep proper control over the vehicle, including prescribed drugs.
According to the Road Safety Authority there are a number of side-effects that may reduce your ability to drive safely including: sleeping tablets, anti-depressants, sedatives, some pain killers, some allergy or hay fever medications, anti-nausea medications, some medications for epilepsy.
People are advised to pay attention to leaflets included with their medication and to check with their doctor or pharmacists if they are concerned.
I take medication, how do I know if I should be behind the wheel?
Gardaí advise people to speak to their pharmacist if they are concerned about the medication they are taking.
Medications will contain advisory notes about whether driving is likely to be affected.
People are also advised not to drive when first taking medication in order to gauge if it is likely their driving will be affected.
Drivers are also encouraged to be alert for tell-tale signs that their driving is impaired.
I've failed a road-side test, now what?
Similar to drink driving tests you will be taken to your nearest garda station for further testing. A blood sample will be taken. If it returns with results showing opiates or benzodiazepines you will be charged and taken to court.
It is expected that there will be "borderline cases", where drivers who are on medication and fail the roadside test will be shown to be within the legal limit after the second test.
What happens if I am convicted of drug driving?
The penalties for drug driving is a minimum one-year driving disqualification if you are found to be above the legal threshold for cocaine, cannabis or heroin.
A minimum of four years driving disqualification if you are found to have drugs in your body and are impaired to such an extent that you do not have proper control of a vehicle and fines of up to €5,000 and up to six months in prison.
Online Editors
April 01, 2011 at 08:25 Tags Python , Qt
QScintilla is (a port to Qt of the Scintilla source code editor control) comes packaged with PyQt. Unfortunately, its documentation is quite scarce and it's hard to find examples online.
So I developed a small sample editor with PyQt using QScintilla , which can serve as a starting point for more complex uses.
Here's a screenshot:
The sample demonstrates some interesting features of QScintilla :
Syntax highlighting, and customizing how some of its styles look
Using the margin to show line numbers
Clickable markers on the margin (can be used for breakpoints in a debugger, code bookmarks, error marks, or any other purpose)
Enabling brace matching
Setting a background color for the current line
Here's the complete code:
#------------------------------------------------------------------------- # qsci_simple_pythoneditor.pyw # # QScintilla sample with PyQt # # Eli Bendersky (eliben@gmail.com) # This code is in the public domain #------------------------------------------------------------------------- import sys from PyQt4.QtCore import * from PyQt4.QtGui import * from PyQt4.Qsci import QsciScintilla, QsciLexerPython class SimplePythonEditor (QsciScintilla): ARROW_MARKER_NUM = 8 def __init__ ( self , parent= None ): super (SimplePythonEditor, self ).__init__(parent) # Set the default font font = QFont() font.setFamily( 'Courier' ) font.setFixedPitch( True ) font.setPointSize( 10 ) self .setFont(font) self .setMarginsFont(font) # Margin 0 is used for line numbers fontmetrics = QFontMetrics(font) self .setMarginsFont(font) self .setMarginWidth( 0 , fontmetrics.width( "00000" ) + 6 ) self .setMarginLineNumbers( 0 , True ) self .setMarginsBackgroundColor(QColor( "#cccccc" )) # Clickable margin 1 for showing markers self .setMarginSensitivity( 1 , True ) self .connect( self , SIGNAL( 'marginClicked(int, int, Qt::KeyboardModifiers)' ), self .on_margin_clicked) self .markerDefine(QsciScintilla.RightArrow, self .ARROW_MARKER_NUM) self .setMarkerBackgroundColor(QColor( "#ee1111" ), self .ARROW_MARKER_NUM) # Brace matching: enable for a brace immediately before or after # the current position # self .setBraceMatching(QsciScintilla.SloppyBraceMatch) # Current line visible with special background color self .setCaretLineVisible( True ) self .setCaretLineBackgroundColor(QColor( "#ffe4e4" )) # Set Python lexer # Set style for Python comments (style number 1) to a fixed-width # courier. # lexer = QsciLexerPython() lexer.setDefaultFont(font) self .setLexer(lexer) self .SendScintilla(QsciScintilla.SCI_STYLESETFONT, 1 , 'Courier' ) # Don't want to see the horizontal scrollbar at all # Use raw message to Scintilla here (all messages are documented # here: http://www.scintilla.org/ScintillaDoc.html) self .SendScintilla(QsciScintilla.SCI_SETHSCROLLBAR, 0 ) # not too small self .setMinimumSize( 600 , 450 ) def on_margin_clicked ( self , nmargin, nline, modifiers): # Toggle marker for the line the margin was clicked on if self .markersAtLine(nline) != 0 : self .markerDelete(nline, self .ARROW_MARKER_NUM) else : self .markerAdd(nline, self .ARROW_MARKER_NUM) if __name__ == "__main__" : app = QApplication(sys.argv) editor = SimplePythonEditor() editor.show() editor.setText( open (sys.argv[ 0 ]).read()) app.exec_()
As I said, the documentation for QScintilla is far from being abundant. I used the following sources to develop the sample:
QScintilla class hierarchy - this auto-generated documentation is the closest you get to a reference for the module
Scintilla itself is a control that communicates with the outer world via messages. The QsciScintilla.SendScintilla method allows sending the messages, which are quite well documented in the low-level Scintilla Documentation.
Note that I'm using the QsciLexerPython lexer for Python source code highlighting. Scintilla supports lexers for many languages (and others can be easily supported by playing with the settings of existing lexers for similar languages). For a complete list of lexers supported, run:
import PyQt4.Qsci for sym in dir (PyQt4.Qsci): if sym.startswith( 'QsciLexer' ): print sym
Update (15-May-2017): A new documentation site for the use of QScintilla with Python is available here.
An Israeli settler has killed a young Palestinian man and injured a journalist in the northern part of the occupied West Bank during a march in solidarity with hundreds of Palestinian hunger-striking inmates in Israeli jails.
The Palestinian Ministry of Health confirmed that 23-year-old Mutaz Hussien Hilal Bani Shamsa succumbed to his wounds shortly after the unidentified settler stepped out of his car and opened live fire on him near the town of Huwwarah, located 9 kilometers south of Nablus, on Thursday afternoon.
Palestinian journalist, Majdi Eshtayya, was also injured during the shooting and was transferred to Rafidia Hospital, where doctors described his gunshot wounds as moderate.
Witnesses, requesting anonymity, said Israeli forces were quickly deployed in the area, which resulted in skirmishes between locals and Israeli forces. There were no immediate reports of casualties or detentions.
Israeli authorities later sealed off Huwwarah, preventing cars from entering or getting out of the town.
This photo shows injured Palestinian journalist, Majdi Eshtayya, at Rafidia Hospital in the West Bank city of , Nablus, on May 18, 2017. (Photo by Ma'an news agency)
On May 12, Israeli military forces shot dead a 20-year-old Palestinian man, identified as Saba Abu Ubeid, in Nabi Salih, located 20 kilometers northwest of Ramallah, as dozens of protesters converged in the village to express their support for hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners and condemn the Tel Aviv regime's suppressive measures against the inmates.
The occupied Palestinian territories have witnessed new tensions ever since Israeli forces introduced restrictions on the entry of Palestinian worshipers into the al-Aqsa Mosque compound in East Jerusalem al-Quds in August 2015.
More than 300 Palestinians have lost their lives at the hands of Israeli forces in the ongoing tensions since the beginning of October 2015.
The Tel Aviv regime has tried to change the demographic makeup of Jerusalem al-Quds over the past decades by constructing settlements, destroying historical sites and expelling the local Palestinian population. Palestinians say the Israeli measures are aimed at paving the way for the Judaization of the city.
The al-Aqsa Mosque compound is a flashpoint Islamic site, which is also holy to Jews. The mosque is Islam's third holiest site after Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia.
A very special Drunk History Christmas.
Actor Ryan Gosling Actor Jim Carrey Actor Eva Mendes Director/Show Lead Derekwaters Director/Show Lead Derekwaters Executive Producer Derekwaters Director/Show Lead JeremyKonner Editor JeremyKonner Executive Producer JeremyKonner Executive Producer Funny Or Die Actor Allan McLeod Cinematographer Ryan McNeely Producer mattmazany
Starring: Ryan Gosling, Jim Carrey, Eva Mendes
Featuring: Allan Mcleod, AJ Culp and Ellie Culp
Created by: Derek Waters
Directed by: Jeremy Konner and Derek Waters
Edited by: Jeremy Konner
Produced by: Betsy Koch and Matt Mazany
Executive Producer: Derek Waters, Jeremy Konner & Mike Farah
Director of Photography: Ryan McNeely
1st AD: Jesse Fleece
1st AC: Alyssa Soetebier
Production Designer: Rachel Robb Kondrath
Wardrobe Stylist: Janicza Bravo
Make Up/Hair: Carla Farra and Timon Neiditch
Key Grip: Casey Slade
Gaffer: Andrew Davis
Playback: Steve Pallow
Stills: Robyn Von Swank
2nd AC: Jacqueline Stahl
Best Boy Electric: Andrew Behrens
Electric: Jason Wittenburg
Electric Driver: Paul Heikens
Best Boy Grip: Jason McCann
Grip Driver: Hector Villareal
2nd AD: Jeff Cobb
Art Director: Nick Nakahara
Set Decorator: Rachel Gold
Set Dresser: Jason Arnot
Sound Design: Brian Lane
Costumer: Noel Hennessy
Behind the Scenes Camera: Zach Zdziebko
Behind the Scenes Sound: Brent McClain
DIT: Stan Paik
Drunk History theme & Xmas Parade Song: Eban Schletter
Music: Pat Bishop
Animation: Brad Clapper
VFX: Dustin Bowser
PA: Andrew Grissom, Caitlin Smith, Michael Chad Hyman, Kyle Mizono, Will Reese
2nd Unit (Narration video)
DP - Brad Schulz
Producer - Betsy Koch, Anna Wenger and Michelle Fox
Sound - Ryan Kaiser
Behind the scenes - Liam White
Behind the scenes sound - Seth Craven
Set Medic - Michael Nerone
DIT - Pat Bishop
PA's - Leigh Alan, Kyle Mizono
Special Thanks to: Justin Roiland, Steve Berg, Mark Gagliardi,
Leslie Culp, Emily Farnham, Deborah Tarica, Jackie Johnson
Tommy Bowe's season looks to be over after being ruled out for at least six months with a knee injury
Ulster wing Tommy Bowe has been ruled out for six months after having surgery on a knee injury on Monday.
The 31-year-old is unlikely to play again this season after suffering the injury during Ireland's World Cup quarter-final defeat by Argentina.
Ulster Rugby confirmed Bowe suffered posterior cruciate ligament and meniscal damage and will miss the Six Nations and European Champions Cup.
Lock Iain Henderson needs an operation on his hand and is out for six weeks.
Jared Payne, the third Ulster player to require an operation after Ireland's World Cup campaign, had a fractured foot stabilised through surgery but it is not yet known how long he will be out of action.
Tommy Bowe's season looks to be over after being ruled out for at least six months with a knee injury
Bowe injury worse than anticipated
Ulster were expecting Bowe to be on the sidelines for around two months, but the injury has turned out to be more serious than originally thought.
An Ulster Rugby statement confirmed the player will be ruled out for "at least" six months, which means his season is effectively over.
Monday's operation was described by the province as "successful" but there will be doubts over the player's international future following this latest injury setback.
He is now certain to miss Ireland's attempt to win a third Six Nations Championship in a row next spring, as well as Ulster's upcoming European Champions Cup campaign.
In another serious blow to Ulster's European hopes, Henderson is due to have surgery on Tuesday to stabilise a joint in his hand which was also damaged during Ireland's World Cup defeat by the Pumas.
Media playback is not supported on this device Doak on injuries
The 23-year-old second rower was one of Ireland's best performers in the World Cup but will now have to sit out Ulster's European Cup matches against Oyonnax, Saracens and back-to-back fixtures with Toulouse before Christmas.
"We've had a bit of a war of attrition on the back of the World Cup," admitted Ulster coach Neil Doak.
"It's a little bit frustrating.
"The resources are going to be stretched week after week and it definitely is a blow to us to be without that experience and quality for such a long period of time."
Doak confirmed Ireland assistant coach Les Kiss will take up his post as Ulster's Director of Rugby on a full-time basis on Monday.
Democratic presidential candidate and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley faces an existential threat to his campaign in Iowa, where local precinct rules may push supporters to vote for other candidates. Immigrant activist Gabby Pacheco has endorsed O'Malley, arguing that he has played an important role of keeping immigration in the Democratic debates
Democratic presidential candidate and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley faces an existential threat to his campaign in Iowa, where local precinct rules may push supporters to vote for other candidates. Immigrant activist Gabby Pacheco has endorsed O'Malley, arguing that he has played an important role of keeping immigration in the Democratic debates REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Dreamer and immigrant activist Gabby Pacheco endorsed Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley for president on Friday in a op-ed posted by Univision . The nativist hugger (see below) and TheDream.US program director published the endorsement in Spanish. It discards the usual presidential-endorsement tropes. Pacheco doesn't pretend that O'Malley is likely to win the Democratic nomination or use cliches like “next president” or “next commander in chief.” Instead, she makes the case that O'Malley's candidacy matters, especially for immigrants and their supporters.
“I am supporting Martin O'Malley because quite simply if it wasn't for him the Democratic Party wouldn't be discussing the issue of immigration,” she writes.
He's polling in single digits in Iowa and nationally. He's attracted much less media coverage that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. But O'Malley has been impossible to ignore in the Democratic debates. Pacheco argues that he had defied political convenience in that role, injecting issues like immigration and the Puerto Rican debt crisis. He called out moderators for not raising these issues in the last Democratic debate. He's used that platform to speak out on gun control and immigration in particular.
Before Bernie Sanders formulated an immigration policy, O'Malley published an activist's wish list of reforms. These were largely ignored outside of Latino and left-wing media outlets, but were more widely discussed when many of them popped up in Sander's plan. Before Clinton was running for president, he criticized her for wanting to quickly deport Central American minors who had applied for humanitarian relief in the summer of 2014.
Some of O'Malley's immigration advocacy touched on policies too complicated to bring into the debates, such as Temporary Protective Status for Central Americans. It's hard to measure the effect of O'Malley's immigration policies on the movement, but it often appears that he's in step or even a step ahead of immigration advocacy organizations.
Pachaco, a Dreamer from Ecuador, has been a leading figure in the immigrant right's movement. She is famous for offering hugs to immigration hardliners like Sheriff Joe Arpaio (he accepted) and writer Ann Coulter (she declined). O'Malley, she says, just gets it.
“The immigration issue is affecting my family, and its affecting me directly, and O'Malley understands this at a deep level,” she writes in the Univision op-ed.
As an example, she cites his trolling of Arpaio's Arizona offices in a campaign stop last year.
There may not be a Latino/a endorsement that can save O'Malley's campaign in Iowa, where it faced an existential threat. In short, the reason “ Why O'Malley's Supporters Matter In Iowa ” isn't immigration. On Feb. 1st, it's the possibility that some Iowa precinct caucusers may be forced to shift their vote to Sanders or Clinton or risk it not counting, due to a 15 percent viability rule.
Martin O'Malley's campaign has been rallying around the hashtag “hold strong,” which can be translated from political Twitter Speak to something like “hold the line,” or “hold on for dear life.” He's already suffered the electoral humiliation of not qualifying for the Ohio ballot. Losing in Iowa won't end the campaign, but finishing with zero percent of the vote may cut it short considerably.
If Pacheco's efforts to keep O'Malley in the race fail, will immigration slip further on the list of Democratic priorities? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Thanks for the update! Always appreciated. I know it probably is something that is hard to find time for with all you guys are doing, but again, it really is appreciated! We're all behind you guys for the win!
There's a new exchange called Kucoin. It's very small and has relatively low volume right now, but it could be great for Safex as it's doing tons of promoting and I really think it can be a good alternative to the bigger exchanges. (disclosure, I earn profits from daily trades by holding their native coins KCS).
I'm trying to push Ark and VTC onto the exchange with community voting on Reddit (no success so far). I'm going to try to do the same with Safex in the next week, so will post a link to the Sub once I post the request. If they get enough votes, I'm sure the team will be in touch. No harm in reaching out to them either if you wanted to start discussions.
Again, smaller, lower volume, less well know, but big potential is what I think for the opportunity. They would probably dive at the chance to list the new Safex blockchain tokens first also so might throw in some funding to the program? (or not??)
Illegal border crossings by children and families are surging again and will put fiscal year 2016 on par with 2014, when President Obama was forced to take drastic actions in an effort to stem what his own administration admitted was a humanitarian crisis.
Recently released figures from U.S. Customs and Border Protection show that more than 37,000 border crossers were apprehended in August, nearly 6,000 more than in August 2014.
This year will see fewer overall apprehensions compared to 2014, but still far more than last year. CBP took in 479,000 crossers in 2014, 331,000 in 2015, but now is expected to take in more than 400,000 this year.
A big part of the increase is the growing number of unaccompanied children trying to cross once again. In 2014, 69,000 children were apprehended, a number that fell to 40,000 in 2015 after Obama's efforts to reduce the flow of people.
But this year, the total will be around 60,000, a 50 percent increase compared to last year and close to the crisis year of 2014.
The data show that while fewer children are trying to cross in the summer, apprehensions are now more consistent throughout the year. Last month saw 5,804 child apprehensions, an 85 percent increase from the number seen in August 2014.
By some measures, 2016 will be worse than 2014. The number of people apprehended along with a family member this year has already eclipsed 68,000 people, and by Sept. 30, that number will easily exceed the 68,445 "family unit apprehensions" seen in 2014.
The biggest surge has been through Texas. All the major border sectors in that state have seen increases in apprehensions between 2015 to 2016, and the biggest surges have been seen in the El Paso and Rio Grande sectors.
CBP downplayed the August figures by saying apprehensions are higher than last year, but still lower than 2014, and that officials "continue to closely monitor current migration trends and are working aggressively to address underlying cases and deter unauthorized migration."
But the steadily rising numbers are raising questions about what went wrong with Obama's plan.
Obama's effort was based on cooperation with the home countries of the Central American immigrants, and repeating the message that there's no sanctuary for people who try to cross. In July, Obama tried again by announcing new steps aimed at helping children and families legally migrate to the U.S.
But close observers say border crossers don't appear to be buying into Obama's plan. Jonathan Thompson, executive director of the National Sheriffs' Association, says in his recent visit to the border, authorities told him that claims for asylum among border crossers is growing.
"More and more coming across are saying, 'I want asylum,'" he told the Washington Examiner. "So asylum seekers, I believe is a big portion of this increase."
Thompson also thinks CBP is trying to present the data in a way that downplays the increase in child apprehensions over the last two months.
"The department appears to have buried the lead," he said. "The numbers are shocking. I think there's an alarm here. There's something that's motivating the increases in these numbers, whether it's those seeking asylum... or just a surge from other Latin American countries."
While Obama's approach has focused on offering carrots to get migrants to enter the U.S. legally, some say there's still not enough stick. Chris Cabrera, vice president of the U.S. Border Patrol's union, has testified several times before Congress, and continues to advocate tougher penalties for those caught crossing illegally.
"If we don't put severe consequences on them, they are going to continue to re-offend in our country," Cabrera told The Monitor, a news site covering South Texas, in an interview last week. "The reason they crossed over again is simple — it's because they could. They know that we are not secure."
It's not at all clear how CBP or the Obama administration plans to handle the new surge of illegal crossers. CBP on Monday did not respond to a request for comment for this story.
But CBP's statement accompanying the latest figures say border officials are constrained by "limited enforcement resources," and said it wants to ensure that immigrants with "legitimate humanitarian claims are afforded the opportunity to seek protection" in the U.S.
In the meantime, however, those favoring tougher border enforcement worry that CBP's statistics are only telling part of the story. Thompson said he believes that CBP's apprehension data reflects just 60 percent or so of the people are actually crossing the border, and that the other 40 percent are getting away.
That means if the number of CBP apprehensions is rising, the number of illegals slipping through the cracks is also likely rising. He said the uncertainty surrounding just how many people are crossing is a constant frustration for members of his group who deal with the problem first hand every day.
"If you don't know what the total universe of people trying to get here is, how can you say if we're doing better or worse?" he said.
AT&T noted record smartphone sales when it posted a monster holiday quarter to close out 2011, and the carrier came back in the first quarter this year with another record-setting report that beat Wall Street's profit expectations. Verizon Wireless reported record revenue growth in the fourth quarter last year, and profits were up 16% in the first quarter of 2012 compared to the same quarter in 2011. But despite soaring performance, executives at both carriers confirmed to investors this week that they are preparing to make new moves in an effort to squeeze more revenue out of subscribers.
Earlier this week, Verizon Communications chief financial officer Fran Shammo confirmed that Verizon Wireless will force customers off of their grandfathered unlimited smartphone data plans and onto more expensive shared data plans when they upgrade to 4G handsets. “A lot of our 3G base is on unlimited,” Shammo said while speaking at the annual J.P. Morgan Technology, Media and Telecom conference. “When they migrate off 3G they will have to go to data share. That is beneficial to us.”
He continued, noting that the move to shared data plans will help the carrier increase its average revenue per user (ARPU). “I think revenue ARPU will continue to grow as we get into data share plans and people start to connect more devices [on the network]. As they add more devices, they are going to have to buy up into tiers. So again, you will see the revenue increase there.”
During the same conference, AT&T CEO Ralph de la Vega commented that the carrier will take particular care moving forward to offer smartphones that keep subsidies as low as possible while maintaining high magins. “We have to watch subsidies and make sure that we bring devices to market that customers love and will keep and have low subsidies,” de la Vega said according to Fierce Wireless.
Like Verizon, AT&T also intends to boost its average revenue per user by offering shared data plans to its subscribers.
These moves by the nation's top two wireless carriers are part of ongoing efforts to maximize performance despite potential negative ramifications for subscribers. Both Verizon Wireless and AT&T recently did away with their unlimited smartphone data plans, instead opting for tiered data plans that impose steep penalties on customers who go over their monthly data allotments.
Leicester City are tracking Norway international as a possible replacement for attacking midfielder Riyad Mahrez if he leaves in the summer, a source has told ESPN FC.
The Premier League leaders are bracing themselves for interest in Mahrez following his outstanding form this season, which has seen him notch 15 league goals and 11 assists.
The Algerian has been one of the campaign's star players, and his performances have seen him attract interest from Barcelona, Real Madrid and Arsenal.
Mohamed Elyounoussi has been in prolific form for Molde.
The Foxes are drawing up a list of possible replacements including Molde forward Elyounoussi.
Elyounoussi hhas become a key player for Molde in the last 18 months, scoring 36 goals in 78 games since arriving from Sarpsborg in 2014.
The 21-year-old, who can play out wide or up front, has scored seven times in Europe this season, including strikes in both Molde's victories over Celtic in the Europa League.
Leicester have had a long-term interest in Elyounoussi and weighed up a move for the player before they eventually signed Mahrez from Le Havre in January 2014.
DUBLIN, Ireland — It has no executive functions and involves long hours of tedious work, but hopefuls are lining up to compete for Ireland's presidency in an increasingly acrimonious election.
An early favorite, independent Senator David Norris, could become Europe's first openly gay president, though his campaign is in danger of imploding over what he calls “a deliberate smear campaign” against him by sections of the media.
Norris was joined in the fray this week by Niall O'Dowd, an Irish-American publisher who says Ireland is “closer to Boston than Berlin,” and Pat Cox, a former president of the European Parliament who believes the opposite.
Behind them are a dozen or so other contenders jostling for nominations for the post President Mary McAleese has held for the last 14 years. Nomination for the October election requires the support of four of Ireland's 34 city and county councils, or of 20 of the 166 members of the Dail, the lower house of the Irish parliament. For now, men lead the field competing for the post held by a woman for more than 20 years.
Norris, a noted James Joyce scholar and a popular broadcaster, was thrown on the defensive this week by the resurrection of remarks he made nine years ago about pedophilia.
Journalist Helen Lucy Burke unearthed an interview he gave in 2002 for Magill magazine in which he spoke freely about his attitude toward sex. Norris said in Magill that he did not find children sexually attractive “but in terms of classic pedophilia, as practiced by the Greeks, for example, where it is an elder man introducing a younger man to adult life, there can be something said for it.”
A January opinion poll showed the 66-year-old Norris having more than twice the support of other prospective candidates, but analysts in the Irish capital say that to have one's name in the same sentence as the word “pedophile” is politically disastrous. The controversy is likely to deter those who were considering Norris for president to show how progressive the country has become since homosexuality was decriminalised in 1993.
A champion of liberal causes in the Irish senate, Norris this week reiterated his condemnation of pedophilia and his abhorrence of any sexual contact with children, and claimed copies of the Magill article were being distributed around the country to discredit him.
O'Dowd, 58, who holds dual Irish and U.S. citizenship and is close to Bill and Hillary Clinton, claims he would be “the best salesman the country ever had.” The Tipperary-born journalist and publisher emigrated to the United States in 1985 and settled in New York, where he founded Irish America Magazine, Irish Voice newspaper and a global Irish website called Irish Central. He will campaign as someone who was closely engaged in the Northern Ireland peace process and can exploit the untapped potential of the Irish diaspora for tourism and economic development. (Full disclosure: O'Dowd is a friend of mine.)
As a veteran of European politics Pat Cox, also 58, is seeking to win the nomination of Fine Gael, Ireland's largest political party, but may suffer from a perception of opportunism, as he applied to join the party only this week. He is the only candidate who can claim to have on-the-job training for such a high office, having served as president of the European Parliament from 2002 to 2004. However there are several long-serving Fine Gael members also seeking the party nomination, including Mairead McGuinness, a Member of the European Parliament (MEP), and former MEP Gay Mitchell.
Fine Gael had approached poet Seamus Heaney about running, but the 72-year-old Nobel Laureate said he would only accept the party's nomination if he was unopposed in the election.
With the Norris campaign in trouble, the smart money may shift to Fergus Finlay, chief executive of Barnardo's children's charity, who is competing for the Labor Party nomination against former arts minister Michael D Higgins, and former senator Kathleen O'Meara.
Long a backroom political strategist, Finlay was closely involved in the successful effort to elect independent human rights lawyer Mary Robinson as president 21 years ago. He has an air of gravitas — a quality that voters are likely to appreciate in a potential future president.
Others who have declared for the presidency include disability rights campaigner Mary Davis, and respected Fianna Fail MEP Brian Crowley.
Once a sinecure for political dinosaurs, the job has acquired a higher profile in Irish life since Robinson broke the mold in 1990 and defeated a government candidate. Robinson stepped down before completing her term, and was succeeded in 1997 by Mary McAleese, who capped a successful presidency last month by hosting Britain's Queen Elizabeth and U.S. President Barack Obama.
The president is head of state and supreme commander of Ireland's tiny defence forces, and is required to act as the nation's top ambassador, to be a national comforter in times of crisis and to provide a regal presence on state occasions.
However under the Irish constitution the government exercises all executive functions and the president may not take political initiatives without government approval.
The spoils of office include a mansion in Dublin's Phoenix Park known as Aras an Uachtarain (house of the president) and a salary of 325,000 euros which converts at current exchange rates to $470,000 — some $70,000 more than the salary of the President of the United States.
Editor's note: This story was updated to correct a reference to Mary Robinson, who was elected to only one term as Irish president before stepping down.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russian air strikes have destroyed the main weapons depots of a U.S.-trained rebel group in Syria, their commander said on Wednesday, in an expansion of Russian attacks on insurgents backed by foreign enemies of President Bashar al-Assad.
The Liwa Suqour al-Jabal, whose fighters have attended military training organised by the Central Intelligence Agency in Saudi Arabia and Qatar, was also hit last week by Russian raids as Moscow began its air campaign in support of Damascus.
New strikes targeted the group's main weapons depots in western Aleppo province and completely destroyed them late on Tuesday, its commander Hassan Haj Ali told Reuters on Wednesday via an Internet messaging service.
Haj Ali said he believed the Russians were targeting his group because it was one of the bigger and stronger factions fighting under the banner of the Free Syrian Army with support from “Arab and foreign countries”.
“These were considered the principal depots of the Liwa,” he told Reuters.
Liwa Suqour al-Jabal operates areas of western and northern Syria where many of Russia's air strikes have been focussed and where the Islamic State group - the stated target of the Russian air raids - has no significant presence.
It is one of a number of Syrian rebel groups deemed moderate by the United States which have received training as part of an ostensibly covert CIA programme. That programme is separate to one set up by the Pentagon to train and equip Syrian insurgents to fight Islamic State.
The group has been supplied with guided anti-tank missiles by states that oppose Assad. These missiles have had a significant impact on the battlefield.
Liwa Suqour al-Jabal has also been battling attempts by Islamic State to advance in areas north of Aleppo near the Turkish border. Haj Ali said Islamic State had also attacked the group on Tuesday, setting off a car bomb at one of its bases.
Liwa Suqour al-Jabal was targeted last week in Russian strikes.
As far back as I can remember I have always wanted to be a mother. Holding baby dolls, playing with Barbies, watching my baby brothers as they grew. In high school I even attended a class about Early Childhood Occupations Education, not really to learn about the “job” side of early childhood, but to educate myself on how to better educate my children from the second they take their first breath.
Later, I attended Eastern Maine Community College and continued my study in Early Childhood Education. I graduated in May 2010 with an Associates Degree. I was even the commencement speaker. I'm almost certain that there were one thousand five hundred people in attendance that day, but as I stood there with shaking legs, I just knew that my dream of getting married, having children, and becoming the best mother that I could be been closer than it had ever been before. I was going to achieve my dream, and I had an education to guide me – not something all mothers are lucky enough to have. I've heard it said that parenting doesn't come with a manual. As true as that statement is, I have read at least seven text books on topics ranging from health, safety, and nutrition, to education, and discipline of children. These books are not just “parenting,” books, but fact and research based. If there could ever be a manual for raising children, I am sure that these books would be cross-referenced in it.
Soon after graduating I became engaged to the love of my life. This love of mine happens to have sacral agenesis (also known as caudal regression syndrome.) This “syndrome” occurred while my husband was growing and developing within the uterus of his mother. This is how it always happens. While he was growing, his lower spine did not properly develop and thus was born unable to walk or stand. While there are many other medical issues, some of them include being unable to entirely straighten his legs, permanently dislocated hips, and highly sensitive nerve endings on the lowest portion of his body. My husband is, and will forever be, in a wheelchair. This by no means diminishes his independence and ability to protect or provide for me. I have no doubt that it is has only made him a better man than he would have been had he developed typically and been born with the ability to walk.
Since we married, on October 23, 2010, we have not used any form of birth control and have recently decided to officially try for a baby. I have to admit that even when we weren't really “trying,” I was always a little saddened when that fateful day would come every month, and my body would deny my desire for another thirty days. Most months I would sigh, and tell myself that there is always next month.
I come from a very family oriented church and both my husbands side and my side of the family are craving a new addition. I have heard, “Are you pregnant yet?” more times than I can count. “Are you trying?” “Well, you've been married for a while now. Is there even a chance you could be pregnant?” I have to answer with the same heart shattering words.
No. We're not pregnant. Yes we're trying, it's just not happening.
This month was the biggest heartbreak yet. Symptom after symptom lead me to believe that there was a high possibility of pregnancy. I purchased a home pregnancy test, with two test and took the first yesterday at around two p.m.. I knew that I should wait until the morning for a more accurate reading, but I couldn't wait. And so, I took the test.
I peed. I paced. I tapped the counter. I read the stick.
Not. Pregnant.
Not pregnant, not pregnant, not pregnant.
It's okay, I thought. It's just because I didn't wait until morning, there isn't enough pregnancy hormone built up. I'll take the next one in the morning.
I slept. I woke. I peed, I paced, I tapped the counter. I read the stupid stick.
N.o.t. P.r.e.g.n.a.n.t.
It's okay. The egg just hasn't implanted yet. Maybe in a few days it will show positive?
And only a few hours later the ultimate pregnancy test came back negative. Six twenty-eight a.m., the moment the dreaded red began to flow. Six twenty-eight.
I know it's still early and that many couples struggle for years and years trying to get pregnant. I know that there will be many who will read this and think, “Oh darling, it will happen. You're still so young. Why worry about it now?” To you I say this: At the age of fourteen I had a sudden period of mourning. I wouldn't be a mother, at least not the conventional way. I knew it and I knew that God knew it.
As the years passed I began dating. I eventually found myself in a serious relationship with a young man that I desired to be with for the rest of my life, and began to wonder why I had that impression. He was healthy. I was healthy. Why wouldn't we have children? When that relationship ended and I met and became engaged my future husband, I became aware again of my childhood revelation. The impression returned strongly on our wedding night, even before we consummated our marriage, that I would never bare children. I remember crying heavily, and feeling guilty about crying knowing that my feelings were making my husband feel vulnerable and helpless to calm my fears.
Last night before I fell asleep, I was so sure that my fears were unfounded. “Larry,” I said as I pulled the covers up.
“Yes, Jazzy?” He responded. He brought his face close to mine.
“I think we made a baby.” I wanted it so badly that I was almost convinced that the previous pregnancy test was wrong.
He kissed my face, all over. He was happy. I was happy. But, today the red came and he went to work. I stayed in my pajamas, read a Nicholas Sparks novel, and consumed Ben and Jerrys until I couldn't think straight. I tried to pretend it was just another month, ‘there's always next time.'
I think it's time that I admit, really admit that there may not be a baby. Not ever. Because, if I don't admit it – if I don't admit it to the world – then I will keep continuing this pattern. I can't face heartbreak over and over again like so many women have. I have to let go of my dream so that I can at least pretend that it doesn't consume me. I can at least pretend that seeing your babies on facebook and in person doesn't make me want to run and cry, while at the same time making me want to hold them and take in as much of their sweetness as I can because I might never have the chance for myself.
I see your baby bellies, your announcements, your children. I see your happy families, and your not-so happy families. I see accidental pregnancies and women that try forever and then succeed. I see unwed women, highschoolers, women addicted to drugs, and women in abusive relationships. All these women. Pregnant.
Why not us?
And, do you want to know the very best part? The part that makes me the saddest and the most ashamed?
I have been asked, for the third year in a row, to speak at church on Mother's Day. I wanted to say, “Why don't you ask someone who has successfully had a child?” But I didn't, and I wont. There is obviously something for me to learn here. I don't think any of the people who have asked me to speak have a clue about any of this, but how do I write a talk about being a mother when I'm trying to help myself realize that it may never happen for me?
If I didn't know better, I would say it's almost like a cruel joke.
But I know better. I do.
Advertisements
WARNING! THS POST CONTAINS SPOILERS.
Almost immediately following its release, Netflix's captivating true-crime documentary Making a Murderer took a firm grasp on the streaming-enabled public. The 10-episode series principally focuses on the case of Steven Avery, a Wisconsin man who served 18 years in prison for a rape and attempted murder he did not commit, before eventually being exonerated by DNA evidence, only later to be arrested again, this time in connection with the rape and murder of Teresa Halbach, a photographer he had hired. Weaved into the tale is the equally compelling story of Avery's nephew, Brendan Dassey, a learning-disabled 16-year-old who was by all accounts, coerced by police officers into confessing to his role as an accomplice in the crime. The series shows several gripping videotaped confessions in which Dassey is seemingly pressured into admitting to his part in the crime despite what seems like confusion on his part.
Dassey, who in 2007 was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison for being a party to first-degree intentional homicide, is still fighting to prove his innocence. Helping him do so are two attorneys, Laura Nirider and Steven Drizin of Bluhm Legal Clinic at the Northwestern University School of Law. Dassey's lawyers claim that law enforcement used psychological interrogating tactics that "overbore [Brendan's] will and exceeded his personal ability to resist due to his age, intellectual limitations and high suggestibility." They also argue that, by pursuing a potential plea agreement with prosecutors, his pretrial attorney, Len Kuchinsky, was not looking out for his best interests. After being denied in their appeals to the Wisconsin state court system, Dassey's case is in now in the hands of a federal judge.
Esquire spoke with Nirider to learn how she and Drizin came to Brendan's case, how Making a Murderer has affected it, and what she believes is a realistic outcome in their ongoing court battle.
ESQ: To start, tell us how you came to take on Brendan Dassey's case.
Laura Nirider: Steve Drizin, with whom I work, had been involved in helping Wisconsin enact a law requiring all interrogations of juveniles be videotaped. And Brendan's was one of the first videotaped interrogations to come out after that law went into effect. So it was a natural path to Steve and our organization. That's the long answer. The short answer is: when you watch that video of Brendan's interrogation you want to jump into the screen and help that child, right? There's this gut response when you see a 16-year-old, especially someone with limitations, going up against two seasoned cops with nobody by his side.
What has it been like with so much attention now being placed on Brendan's case?
I've been working on the case since 2008 and for the longest time Brendan was basically forgotten. And when he was remembered he was remembered as a murderer. This changes everything, which is unbelievable for him and for his family. We have always been supportive of this project. We knew the series was being made and we always knew it was a story well worth telling. But the level of exposure it's gotten, the level of attention it's drawn, and the level of gut emotional response it seems to have had on people is incredible.
Are Brendan and his family aware of all the attention?
Absolutely. They're aware. Brendan is overwhelmed. He's grateful. He's just hoping for his fair shot.
From an attorney's perspective, is it beneficial for so much outside attention and media exposure to be placed on an ongoing case such as Brendan's?
I do see it as a positive. I'm an attorney but I'm also a law professor. And one of the things I do is I study and I represent people who have falsely confessed. So I'm kind of a false-confessions specialist. It's this crazy idea, right? Why would anybody confess to a crime they didn't commit? That's everybody's gut reaction: "If Brendan confessed, he must have done it." But the incredible thing about this series is it shows viewers exactly why someone like Brendan—16-years-old, mentally limited, in the room alone with no attorney, no parents, facing two seasoned police officers—would falsely confess even to something as horrible as the murder of Teresa Halbach. And to have that explanation out there and to have it to make so much sense in viewers' minds is so invaluable because then the vibe changes. People say, "Maybe this guy isn't just somebody who should be forgotten. He shouldn't just be remembered as a murderer. Maybe there's another side to this story." Which, of course, there is.
You've filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus in Brendan's case. Can you outline exactly what that is and how it applies to Brendan?
We have two claims that are pending in federal court. One is Brendan was coerced into confessing. Everyone has a right to not be forced to incriminate themselves. We're saying that was exactly the right that was violated for Brendan because he was coerced into confession in violation of the Constitution. The other claim that we have relates to Brendan's pretrial lawyer, Attorney Len Kuchinski. Also under the Constitution, every one of us has the right not just to a lawyer but to a lawyer who is loyal to us and who is going to defend us. We're arguing that Brendan's right to a loyal attorney was violated because Attorney Kuchinski and his investigator were instead working to incriminate Brendan.
What is a desired and realistic outcome in this case?
I think the best ruling that we could hope for coming out of federal court would be an order that Brendan should be retried. And then it would be an open question as to whether the state would actually proceed with that retrial.
Have you exhausted all other legal proceedings?
That's a hard question to answer because there are always different ways of coming into court. He's been turned down by the Wisconsin court system, so that's why we've taken this to the federal court. We can always get back into court when there's new evidence in the case. That's one thing we hope comes out of this, frankly: if there's somebody in Wisconsin that's watching the series who thinks to themselves, "I remember hearing something. I remember seeing something that might have something to do with this case" I'm hopeful that that kind of evidence will start percolating to the surface. Because there are people out there who know that Brendan's confession was false and he shouldn't be sitting in prison. We're just hoping that we can take advantage of that, hear from them and get some movement going again.
VANCOUVER - Last fall, Greg Barnes, the principal at Sir William Van Horne Elementary in Vancouver, heard from a teacher that some of the boys in her classes seemed depressed, didn't think good things about themselves or feel that they were accomplishing very much.
Barnes and his team wanted to try to change that, so they started up a boys' construction club at the school, a special time for boys to get together and build stuff.
Educators have been worried about boys in schools for the past 15 years or so, Barnes said.
“At this school, we see way more boys identified as vulnerable or at risk for failure,” Barnes said. “There is very little for them, and they are kind of lost.”
The problem for boys is not unique to Van Horne Elementary.
“Young men are significantly more likely than young women to be less engaged with school, and have low skills and poor academic achievement,” a March 2015 Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development report found.
The report, What Lies Behind Gender Inequality in Education, found that boys are eight percentage points more likely than girls to report that school is a waste of time, and they are more likely to drop out.
Barry MacDonald, an expert on boys and the founder of mentoringboys.com, said he sees many boys who are disengaged in school, but he prefers a solution that looks at building engagement among all students rather than separating boys and girls.
“Whatever they're doing in the club, I just wonder why that's not happening in the classroom. There are other options, so that the children who are engaging in a learning concept are engaging in different ways,” MacDonald said. “We have to let go of the idea of what a classroom looks like. It may be a bit noisier, but that just means some children are going to need to wear a headset to cancel out some of the noise.”
At Van Horne, Barnes said there are efforts to get more active learning into classrooms, but that with 71 per cent of the school's students with special needs being boys and 34 per cent of the boys in the school found to be at risk for school failure due to academic, social or emotional factors, he wanted to do something specifically for boys.
He started the construction group to build the boys' sense of self and their engagement at school. For the most part, he says it seems to be working.
Every week, on Friday afternoons, the boys get together to build cars, bridges and other contraptions with a supply of Lego and K'Nex that was previously only used for summer school. They are now focused on building mousetrap cars and racing them against each other.
Tristan Necker, in Grade 2, said he has fun building things in the club because it's more fun than regular class time.
Tristan's mom Tracey Rossignol said the Friday construction sessions help Tristan make it through the rest of the week.
“Like any Grade 2 child, it's a lot of math and reading all week, but on Fridays I never hear any complaints because it's the boys' construction group. He's clearly excited about his Fridays,” Rossignol said, adding that Tristan is a hands-on learner, so he has learned a lot from the construction club.
Barnes says he has noticed a change in the boys. “I think they are proud of their accomplishments and I think they have made some connections,” Barnes said. “They feel like they're doing something meaningful, enjoyable and productive.”
Sun Education Reporter
tsherlock@vancouversun.com
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
'Twin Peaks' Actor Arrested Allegedly Beat GF with Bat ... Charged with Attempted Murder
'Twin Peaks' Actor Jeremy Lindholm Arrested, Charged with Attempted Murder for Girlfriend Beating
Actor Jeremy Lindholm -- who recently appeared on an episode of "Twin Peaks: The Return" -- is accused of viciously beating his girlfriend and trying to kill her ... and is facing an attempted murder charge.
Law enforcement sources tell us ... cops in Spokane, WA responded to a call from a local business about a man assaulting a woman with a bat, and when officers arrived ... we're told Lindholm was trying to flee with the bat still in his hand. Our sources say he surrendered in the alley and was taken into custody.
Based on witness statements and surveillance footage ... cops believe the victim's life was in danger. We're told Lindholm's attack as an "extremely violent assault" -- the video allegedly shows him striking his girlfriend on the head and body with the bat over a dozen times and also choking her. He allegedly said he wanted to kill her too.
The actor's facing multiple charges along with attempted second-degree murder, including second-degree assault. He's being held at the Spokane County Jail on $100k bond.
Lindholm's girlfriend was transported to the hospital and treated for non life-threatening injuries.
I talk with a lot of people who are really interested in Percona XtraDB Cluster (PXC) and mostly they are interested in PXC as a high-availability solution. But, what they tend not to think too much about is if moving from async to synchronous replication is right for their application or not.
Facts about Galera replication
There are a lot of different facts about Galera that come into play here, and it isn't always obvious how they will affect your database workload. For example:
Transaction commit takes approximately the worst packet round trip time (RTT) between any two nodes in your cluster.
Transaction applies on slave nodes is still asynchronous from client commit (except on the original node where the transaction is committed)
Galera prevents writing conflicts to these pending transactions while they are inflight in the form of deadlock errors . (This is actually a form of Eventual Consistency where the client is forced to correct the problem before it can commit. It is NOT the typical form of Eventual Consistency, known as asynchronous repair, that most people think of).
Callaghan's Law
But what does that all actually mean? Well, at the Percona Live conference a few weeks ago I heard a great maxim that really helps encapsulate a lot of this information and puts it into context with your application workload:
[In a Galera cluster] a given row can't be modified more than once per RTT
This was attributed to Mark Callaghan from Facebook by Alexey Yurchenko from Codership at his conference talk. Henceforth this will be known as “Callaghan's law” in Galera circles forever, though Mark didn't immediately recall saying it.
Applied to a standalone Innodb instance
Let's break it down a bit. Our unit of locking in Innodb is a single row (well, the PRIMARY KEY index entry for that row). This means typically on a single Innodb node we can have all sorts modifications floating around as long as they don't touch the same row. Row locks are held for modifications until the transaction commits and that takes an fsync to the redo log by default, so applying Callaghan's law to single-server Innodb, we'd get:
[On a single node Innodb server] a given row can't be modified more than the time to fsync
You can obviously relax that by simply not fsyncing every transaction (innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit != 1), or work around it with by fsyncing to memory (Battery or capacitor-backed write cache), etc., but the principle is basically the same. If we want this transaction to persist after a crash, it has to get to disk.
This has no effect on standard MySQL replication from this instance, since MySQL replication is asynchronous.
What about semi-sync MySQL replication?
It's actually much worse than Galera. As I illustrated in a blog post last year, semi-sync must serialize all transactions and wait for them one at a time. So, Callaghan's law applied to semi-sync is:
[On a semi-sync replication master] you can't commit (at all) more than once per RTT.
Applied to a Galera cluster
In the cluster we're protecting the data as well, though not by ensuring it goes to disk (though you can do that). We protect the data by ensuring it gets to every node in the cluster.
But why every node and not just a quorum? Well, it turns out transaction ordering really, really matters (really!). By enforcing replication to all nodes, we can (simultaneously) establish global ordering for the transaction, so by the time the original node gets acknowledgement of the transaction back from all the other nodes, a GTID will also (by design) be established. We'll never end up with non-deterministic ordering of transactions as a result.
So this brings us back to Callaghan's law for Galera. We must have group communication to replicate and establish global ordering for every transaction, and the expense of doing that for Galera is approximately one RTT between the two nodes in the cluster that are the furthest apart (regardless of where the commit comes from!). The least amount of data we can change in Innodb at a time is a single row, so the most any single row can be modified cluster-wide is once per RTT.
What about WAN clusters?
Callaghan's law applies to WAN clusters as well. LANs usually have sub-millisecond RTTs. WANs usually have anywhere from a few ms up to several hundred. This really will open a large window where rows won't be able to be updated more than just a few times a second at best.
Some things the rule does not mean on Galera
It does NOT mean you can't modify different rows simultaneously. You can.
It does NOT mean you can't modify data on multiple cluster nodes simultaneously. You can.
It does NOT set an lower bound on performance, only a upper bound. The best performance you can expect is modifying a given row once per RTT, it could get slower if apply times start to lag.
So what about my application?
Think about your workload. How frequently do you update any given row? We call rows that are updated heavily “hotspots“.
Examples of hotspots
Example 1: Your application is an online game and you keep track of global achievement statistics in a single table with a row for each stat; there are just a few hundred rows. When a player makes an achievement, your application updates this table with a statement like this:
UPDATE achievements SET count = count + 1 where achievement = 'killed_troll'; 1 UPDATE achievements SET count = count + 1 where achievement = 'killed_troll' ;
How many players might accomplish this achievement at the same time?
Example 2: You have users and groups in your application. These are maintained in separate tables and there also exists a users_groups table to define the relationship between them. When someone joins a group, you run a transaction that adds the relationship row to users_groups, but also updates groups with some metadata:
BEGIN; INSERT INTO users_groups (user_id, group_id) VALUES (100, 1); UPDATE groups SET last_joined=NOW(), last_user_id=100 WHERE id=1; COMMIT; 1 2 3 4 BEGIN ; INSERT INTO users_groups ( user_id , group_id ) VALUES ( 100 , 1 ) ; UPDATE groups SET last_joined = NOW ( ) , last_user_id = 100 WHERE id = 1 ; COMMIT ;
How often might multiple users join the same group?
Results
In both of the above examples you can imagine plenty of concurrent clients attempting to modify the same record at once. But what will actually happen to the clients who try to update the same row within the same RTT? This depends on which node in the cluster the writes are coming from:
From the same node: This will behave just like standard Innodb. The first transaction will acquire the necessary row locks while it commits (which will take the 1 RTT). The other transactions will lock wait until the lock(s) they need are available. The application just waits in those cases.
From other nodes: First to commit wins. The others that try to commit AFTER the first and while the first is still in the local apply queue on their nodes will get a deadlock error.
So, the best case (which may not be best for your application database throughput) will be more write latency into the cluster. The worst case is that your transactions won't even commit and you have to take some action you normally wouldn't have had to do.
Workarounds
If your hotspots were really bad in standalone Innodb, you might consider relaxing the fsync: set innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit to something besides 1 and suddenly you can update much faster. I see this tuning very frequently for “performance” reasons when data durability isn't as crucial. This is fine as long as you weigh both options carefully.
But in Galera you cannot relax synchronous replication. You can't change the law, you can only adapt around it, but how might you do that ?
Write to one node
If your issue is really the deadlock errors and not so much the waiting, you could simply send all your writes to one node. This should prevent the deadlock errors, but will not change the lock waiting that your application will need to do for hotspots.
wsrep_retry_autocommit
If your hotspots are all updates with autocommits, you can rely on wsrep_retry_autocommit to auto-retry the transactions for you. However, each autocommit is retried only the number of times specified by this variable (default is 1 retry). This means more waiting, and after the limit is exceeded you will still get the deadlock error.
This is not implemented for full BEGIN … COMMIT multi-statement transactions since it cannot be assumed that those are not applying application logic in between the statements that is not safe to retry after the database state changes.
retry deadlocks
Now we start to get into (*gasp*) territory where your application needs to be modified. Generally if you use Innodb, you should be able to handle deadlock errors in your application. Raise your hands if your application has that logic (I usually get less than 5 people who do out of 100).
But, what to do? Retrying automatically, or giving your end user a chance to retry manually are typical answers. However, this means more latency waiting for a White to go through, and possibly some poor user experience.
batch writes
Instead of updating global counters one at a time (from Example 1, above), how about maintaining the counter in memcache or redis and only flushing to the database periodically?
if( $last_count % 100 == 0 ) { $db->do( "UPDATE achievements SET count = $last_count where achievement = 'killed_troll'"; } 1 2 3 if ( $last_count % 100 == 0 ) { $db -> do ( "UPDATE achievements SET count = $last_count where achievement = 'killed_troll'" ; }
change your schema
In Example 2, above, how above moving the ‘joined' column to the users_groups table so we don't need to update the parent group row so often?
INSERT INTO users_groups (user_id, group_id, joined) VALUES (100, 1, NOW()); 1 INSERT INTO users_groups ( user_id , group_id , joined ) VALUES ( 100 , 1 , NOW ( ) ) ;
Conclusion
Choosing a system to replicate your data to a distributed system requires tradeoffs. Most of us are used to the tradeoffs we take when deploying conventional stand-alone MySQL Innodb with asynchronous slaves. We may not think about the tradeoffs, but we're making them (anyone obsessively testing slave position to ensure it's caught up with the master?).
Synchronous replication with PXC and Galera is no different in that there are trade-offs, they just aren't what we commonly expect.
If Callaghan's law is going to cause you trouble and you are not prepared to adapt to work with it, PXC/Galera Synchronous replication is probably not right for you.
Call it a cosmic growth spurt. A young galaxy is making stars over 100 times as vigorously as the Milky Way.
SMM J21350-0102 is shrouded in dust, which hides it from most telescopes. But the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment (APEX) in Chile, spotted the galaxy via sub-millimetre radio waves emitted by the dust. Light from the galaxy is absorbed by the dust, emitted as infrared and stretched to radio waves as the universe expands.
Its brightness and size is boosted by the magnification of a galaxy cluster that lies in front. This allowed a team led by Mark Swinbank of the University of Durham, UK, to resolve individual clouds of star formation. They calculated that the galaxy was churning out 250 suns a year.
The team thinks a merger of galaxies is driving star formation, “but we do not yet understand the physics”, says Swinbank.
Journal Reference: Nature, DOI:10.1038/nature08880
We debate who is the best olympian ever and compare the greatest athletes with the most olmpic medals in the history of the Summer Olympics: Bolt, Comaneci, Latynina, Lewis, Nurmi, Owens, Phleps, Redgrave and Spitz. Learn more about them, watch their videos and vote in our poll!
Best Olympian ever?
Comparing famous Olympians from different disciplines and deciding who is the best athlete in the history of the Olympics is a very difficult task. We have shortlisted some of the greatest Olympians by looking at those with the most Olympic medals and those with the strongest social and media impact. In addition to their sporting achievements, many of these sportsmen and women have become role models for other Olympians and people outside the realm of sports. The self-discipline, capacity for self-sacrifice, search for perfection, level of motivation, capacity to overcome life obstacles and thirst for victory of these athletes have inspired generations and continue to do so. Join our debate and poll on who should be considered the best Olympian in history.
Greatest athletes in the history of the Olympics
Usain Bolt: a Jamaican athlete born in Sherwood Content in 1986. Usain Bolt is the fatest man in the world and the first to win both the Olympic 100-metre and 200-metre races with world record times (2008). Bolt holds the 100 metres world record: 9.58 and the 200 metres world record: 19.19. Usain Bolt won 3 gold medals in three consecutive games (100 metres, 200 metres, 4x100 metres relay): in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, 2012 London Olympics, and 2016 Rio Olympics. He has also won 11 gold medals in Athletics World Championships.
Nadia Comăneci: a Romanian gymnast born in Onesti in 1961. Nadia Comăneci became the first woman to score a perfect 10 in the Olympics (in Uneven Bars). Moreover she did it at the age of 14 in the Montreal 1976 Olympics in which she won 3 gold medals (All-Around, Uneven Bars and Balance Beam), one silver medal (Team) and a bronze medal (Floor Exercise). Nadia also won 2 gold medals (Balance Beam and Floor Exercise) and 2 siver medals (All-Around and Team) in the Moscow Olympics in 1984. Nadia also won 2 gold medals in Gymnastic World Championships and 9 gold medals in European Championships. She was the first woman to perform a double-twist dismount, as well as an aerial cartwheel-back handspring and aerial walkover series on the balance beam.
​
Larisa Latynina : a Soviet (Ukranian) gymnast born in Kherson in 1934. For 48 years she holds the record of the most Olympic medals, 18, being surpassed by Michael Phelps in 2012. Larisa Latynia dominated artistic gymnastics for over a decade. She won 4 gold medals (All-Around, Team, Vault, Floor Exercise), one silver medal (Uneven Bars), and a bronze medal (Team, apparatus) in Melbourne 1956 Summer Olympics, 3 gold medals (All-Around, Team, Floor Exercise), 2 silvers (Uneven Bars and Balance Beam), and one bronze (Vault) in Rome 1960 Olympics, as well as 2 gold medals (Team and Floor Exercise), 2 silver medals (All-Around and Vault) and 3 bronze medals (Uneven Bars and Balance Beam). Latynina also won 9 gold medals in Gymnastics World Championships.
​
Carl Lewis: an American athlete born in Birmingham, Alabama in 1961. Carl Lewis matched Jesse Owens record winning 4 gold medals (100 metres, 200 metres, 4x100 metres relay and Long Jump) in a single Olympics, Los Angeles 1984. Carl Lewis long sprinter career allow him to win 2 gold medals (100 metres and Long Jump) and a silver medal (200 metres) in Seoul 1988 Olympic Games, 2 gold medals in Barcelona 1992 Olympics (4x100 metres relay and Long Jump); as well as a last Olympic gold medal in Atlanta 1996 Olympics (Long Jump). Carl Lewis won also 8 golds in Athletics World Championships .
Paavo Nurmi : a Finnish midle and long-distance runner (Turku 1897-Helsinki 1973). Nurmi, also known as the "Flying Finn" dominated distance running during the early 20th century, beat 25 world records and remained unbeaten in Cross-Country and 10,000 metres races during his entire career. He won 3 gold medals ( 10,000 metres, Individual and Team Cross-Country) and one silver medal in Anwerp 1920 Olympics, 5 gold medals (1,500 metres, 5,000 metres, 3,000 metres Team, Individual and Team Cross-C ountry) in Paris 1924 Olympics; as well as one gold medal (10,000 metres) and 2 silver medal (5,000 and 3,000 steeplechase) in Amsterdam 1928 Olympics.
​​
Jesse Owens: an American field and track athlete born in Oakville, Alabama who died in Tucson, Arizona in 1980. James Cleveland "Jesse" Owens only participated in one Summer Olympics, Berlin 1936, but his impact on the history of sports will last for ever. Jesse Owens was the first athlete to win 4 gold medals in a single competition (100 metres, 200 metres, 4x100 metres relay and Long Jump), but most importantly he managed to completely demolished the myth of Arian supremacy in Berlin in front of Adolf Hiter shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War. Owens became a symbol an American field and track athlete born in Oakville, Alabama who died in Tucson, Arizona in 1980. James Cleveland "Jesse" Owens only participated in one Summer Olympics, Berlin 1936, but his impact on the history of sports will last for ever. Jesse Owens was the first athlete to win 4 gold medals in a single competition (100 metres, 200 metres, 4x100 metres relay and Long Jump), but most importantly he managed to completely demolished the myth of Arian supremacy in Berlin in front of Adolf Hiter shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War. Owens became a symbol against racism and paved the way for generations of African American athletes in the USA and beyond.
​
Michael Phelps: an American swimmer born in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1985. Michael Phelps, also known as the "Flying Fish" or the "Baltimore Bullet" is the most decorated Olympian of all time: 28 medals (23 gold medals). Michael Phelps won 6 golds (100 and 200 metres butterfly, 4x100, 200 and 400 metres medley, 4x200 freestyle) and 2 bronze medals (200 metres freestyle and 4x100 freestyle) in Athens 2004 Olympic Games; 8 gold medals (100 and 200 metres butterfly, 4x 100, 200 and 400 metres medley, 200, 4x100 and 4x200 metres freestyle) in Beijing 2008 Olympics; 4 gold medals (100 butterflies, 4x100 and 200 metres medley, 4x200 freestyle) and 2 silver medals (200 metres and 4x100 metres fteestyle) in London 2012 Olympics, and 5 gold medals (200 metres butterfly, 4x100 metres medley relay, 4x 100 and 4x200 metres freestyle relay, 200 metres medley, ) and 1 silver medal (100 metres butterfly) in 2016 Rio Olympics. Michael Phelps has also won 26 gold medals through his participation in Swimming World Championships.
​​
Steve Redgrave: a British rower born in Marlow in 1962. Sir Steven Geoffrey Redgrave has the impressive record of winning gold medals in 5 consecutive Olympic Games. He dominated sweep rowing from 1984 to 2000. Redgrave won gold medals in Los Angeles 1984 (Coxed Four), Seoul 1988 (Coxless Pair), Barcelona 1992 (Coxless Pair), Atlanta 1996 (Coxless Pair) and Sydney 2000 (Coxless Four). He also won an Olympic Bronze (Coxed Pair in Seoul) and 9 gold medals in Rowing World Championships.
Mark Spitz: an American swimmer of Jewish Hungarian descent born in Modesto, Californa, in 1950. During 36 years Spitz held the record of the most gold medals in a single Olympic event, 7, until Michael Phelps beat it in 2008. "Mark the Shark" as they used to called him won 2 gold medals (4x100 and 4x200 metres freestyle), one silver medal (100 metres butterfly) and one bronze medal (100 metres freestyle) in Mexico City 1968 Olympics; as well as 7 gold medals ( 100, 200, 4x100 and 4x200 metres freestyle, 4x100 medley, 100 and 200 metres butterfly) in Munich 1972 Summer Olympics.
Hot questions: Which of these famous Olympians do you consider the best sportsman or sportswoman ever? Who do you think had to overcome more difficulties to reach the Olympic glory? Who inspires you the most? Is the fame of all of them deserved?
Who is the best Olympian ever? Vote and explain why one of the above should be considered the greatest athlete in the history of the Olympics
When you see a reference to “agile,” you may think of the dictionary definition that describes this concept as the ability to move quickly and easily. When the concept is “Agile Project Management,” it's describing the process of taking a traditional approach to delivery and modifying it to include techniques that produce some immediate results in a shorter period of time.
In Agile Project Management you don't want to wait until a long period has passed to deliver something to the customer, client or sponsor. Your goal is to deliver something as soon as you can so you get immediate feedback and modify the approach as needed.
A way to think about Agile Project Management is to consider a haircut. Assume you're the barber or stylist and the client is the recipient of the haircut. You could take one of two approaches to this haircut. In the waterfall approach you gather all of the customer's requirements and deliver the final haircut for approval once you're done with it. In the agile approach, you continually solicit feedback as you make incremental changes throughout the haircut. The customer has the option to modify a straight cut to a layered cut or to modify the length of any part of the hair as the process goes on.
When to Use Agile PM
The Agile Project Management approach doesn't work well when the client is unwilling to participate in on-going discussions about the project, won't prioritize his or her requests or doesn't support flexibility in the evolution of the solution. Those customers might be better suited for a traditional waterfall project management approach.
Clients who support a flexible delivery date, who are anxious to jump in, who provide feedback and answer questions very quickly are well suited for the agile project management approach.
The Agile Project Management approach works well when team members who are subject-matter experts are able to take a concept and figure out the best approach to work through that concept, when team members are willing to adjust to new customer requirements and changing information about a project and when team members support each other during challenging periods. Team members who need detailed directions or are not able to develop solutions themselves may be better suited for a traditional waterfall project, where tasks are assigned to them directly.
In my opinion, the Agile Project Management approach is about managing the known information you have available at a point in time and regularly evolving the solution as you gain knowledge. There are always unknown factors in a project; but with Agile, you regularly meet to address those factors and plan a way to move forward.
How to Apply Agile to Projects
There are a number of ways to apply Agile methods to your project:
Scrum is a methodology that was originally designed to manage software development projects. Some organizations have adopted this approach.
Kanban board is another popular agile technique where work is grouped into columns or categories such as “Unstarted,” “In Progress,” and “Done.” The Kanban approach typically provides a very visual way to illustrate the progress.
To view live examples of Agile Project Management approaches that use user stories, story points, mapping information into quadrants, and interpreting burndown examples, watch my hour-long presentation, “Key Agile Concepts Illustrated,” delivered during the MPUG-hosted Microsoft Project 2016 Virtual Conference.
Agile PM Certification
As a follow up to a question that was brought up in my “Key Agile Concepts” session, I decided to research Agile certification options. Honestly I was shocked at the number of organizations and types of Agile certifications. If your organization doesn't have a specific methodology or standard in Agile, I would strongly recommend you spend time researching the options out there. This is a summary of what I found.
PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)
The PMI-ACP credential is the “fastest growing” credential from the Project Management Institute, a not-for-profit organization that provides membership and certification for project management professionals. The certificate covers multiple approaches to agile, including Scrum, Kanban, Lean, extreme programming (XP) and test-driven development (TDD.)
You need to complete 1500 hours working on agile project teams or with agile methodologies — in addition to 2000 hours of general project experience. You also need 21 “contact hours” of training in agile practices. To maintain the credential, you need to earn 30 professional development units in agile topics every three years.
Accredited Agile Practitioner
This is just one of many Agile-related credentials available from the Agile Certification Institute. The website also references these “accredited” credentials:
Scrum Master
Product Owner
Scaled Agile Practitioner
Kanban Practitioner
Lean Software Development Practitioner
The AAP, as an example, requires passing an exam of 75 questions in 90 minutes. The questions are based on “Master Standards” approved by a council, which apparently advises the institute. You also have to develop a “thesis” of between 600 and 900 words on a topic you choose and get recommendations from three peers or managers with “valid corporate email” addresses. The certification is valid for four years.
Stater certification includes:
Certified Agile Associate
Certified Scrum Associate
Certified ScrumMaster
This is one of several credentials from the Scrum Alliance, which also offers these certifications:
Scrum Product Owner
Scrum Developer
Scrum Professional
Certified Team Coach
Certified Enterprise Coach
Certified Scrum Trainer
The ScrumMaster, as an example, requires taking a two-day course from a “Scrum Alliance Authorized Trainer” and demonstrating proficiency through an online test. To get a passing score, you have to answer 24 of 35 questions correctly.
Agile Fundamentals
This credential is one of many offered by the International Consortium for Agile. Other certifications include:
Agile Development
Agile Management
Agile Coaching
Agile Testing
Enterprise Agile Coaching
Agile Leadership
Gaining a credential requires attending a class taught by the company's training partners. The fundamentals, for example, take three days of training.
Agile Project Management Certification
The sponsor of this credential, UK-based APMG International, accredits individuals in a number of fields. In the area of agile and project management, other certifications from APMG include:
Agile Programme Management Certification
AgileBA Certification (for business analysts)
PRINCE2 Agile
They all involve participating in paid training, most available online.
Image Source
Learn how a MPUG Membership helps individuals and teams become better project managers and Microsoft Project users through highly cost effective online training.
Join MPUG to attend live training webinars, hundreds of on-demand webinar recordings and earn the Project Management Institute (PMI)® Professional Development Units (PDUs) that you need.
For better or worse, you know what to expect from stealth in a Bethesda game. In Skyrim you can walk into a room, steal everything from everyone present—including their clothes—and walk out without a single eyebrow being raised. If you wanted to, you could slice off each of their heads one-by-one, crouching in-between each swipe of your sword, and no-one would notice the bloody carnage taking place.
Crouching is everything in Fallout 4 too: if you crouch, you're far less likely to be spotted, and you get an indicator of how aware of your presence nearby enemies are. Enemies can see you, but they're more sensitive to movement than to what's actually there—meaning that, if you're spotted, standing still often saves you. Enemies can also hear gunfire and head in that direction, and any enemy you shoot but don't kill will investigate where the shot came from. So far, so logical… from a gameplay point of view at least.
But the enemies in Fallout 4 are also incredibly stupid, forgetful, and oblivious to their environments. In my game I have a silenced sniper rifle, and I go around shooting things in the head (Gun Nut 2 to attach suppressors to guns, Ninja perk to increase the damage bonus for surprise attacks). The enemies in Fallout 4 simply have no defence against this tactic, because they're made to deal with head-on attacks and don't notice that their mate's head has just exploded a few metres away. In fact, they happily patrol over it. They might even see you in the flesh, in the act of killing their precious commander, but if you run away and crouch then 20 seconds later it's all forgotten.
What makes this stealth system unusual is in how it scales—because, in a mechanical sense, it can't. In a stealth game like Metal Gear Solid V, you acquire better gadgets and outfits that open up new ways to attack. In Fallout 4, you crouch and use weapons in exactly the same way from start to finish. Bethesda empowers the player not by adding more options, but by abandoning any pretence that Fallout 4 is based on a physical world.
That's odd given the game's world is built on the illusion of realism. There are countless lines of NPC dialogue to be heard, choices to be made, and endless spontaneous engagements across the wasteland all designed to create a living, breathing world. Sure, Fallout 4 isn't wholly realistic, but it's a game we're expected to take seriously. And yet, as you level up the stealth system, it becomes more abstracted from what is being visually represented. Enemies become blind to your presence, walking right by you as you're crouched out in the open. As the game progresses, enemies come to resemble dumb AI rather than living creatures—crude sets of rules to be easily understood and toyed with.
A method in the madness?
It's all too easy to point out tensions in AAA game design—such as every enemy in the game getting progressively blinder—without appreciating that those who made the game are likely well aware of them. The way Fallout 4's stealth operates may seem like madness at times, but there's also a method to it.
Stealth ability is improved by choosing the right perks, among which is Stealth itself. At each level it applies a percentage decrease to your chances of being spotted alongside other buffs. At level 4, you don't even need to crouch anymore. The effect is that enemies mostly stop spotting you—and even when they do, you have the capacity to escape Houdini-like from almost any situation simply by crouching. Add to this the various buffs you can apply to a sneak attack, and most enemies will go down in one shot while their friends look on like nothing's wrong. By the end of the stealth path, you can basically walk amongst the masses, casually eviscerating whomever takes your fancy. No-one bats an eyelid.
This is so bad it's brilliant. It makes absolutely no sense that Fallout 4's enemies react in the way they do—but at the same time it's enormous fun to use as a player. The game is no longer merely about finishing quests or killing things, instead the goal evolves into getting close to enemy groups and messing with them, observing what they do, and trying out lunatic strategies.
Effectively, this makes stealth a kind of developer-sanctioned god mode—something so deliberately overpowered that it wasn't reworked or removed because it's just so much fun. I focused on silenced guns for stealth in my play through, but then I saw this GIF posted by Reddit user CyborgWalrus, which shows a stealth melee build with the "Blitz" perk that lets you teleport directly to enemies in VATs. I've never looked at my sniper rifle in quite the same way since.
Of course, this enormous leap in power is also a huge fracture in the system itself: a low-level stealth character is terrible simply because the various passive bonuses aren't active, whereas the high-level character is incredible.
There are other problems with stealth in Fallout 4's world. The overheard dialogue has a few gems, but it's mostly generic filler. There's the fact that the stealth systems are analogue—so your movement speed and sound are always crucial—but the on-screen feedback is rudimentary. At lower levels it's annoying how improved the enemies' senses become during a [CAUTION] phase, although that could be taken as another videogame-y touch. And though it's not a fair comparison, MGSV's guards are more interesting to observe than those in Fallout 4, which matters enormously when you spend hours scoping them out.
While MGSV offers a much more satisfying stealth experience, it has the benefit of being a uniformly-hostile open world. Stealth is everything to MGSV, but in Fallout 4 it is a small part of a much larger system. This is why Fallout 4's stealth remains, despite improvements, so mechanically basic. Light is a key part of enemy vision, for example, but you can't shoot out light bulbs. You have no means of distracting guards. The idea of actually sneaking past a group of enemies, rather than sneaking to make them explode, never really gets a look-in.
All of these characteristics, and the stark [HIDDEN] icon, bring to mind where this kind of stealth logic began. 1997's Thief by Looking Glass Software was the first FPS to make stealth the core mechanic, and many of its ideas survive intact. The idea that crouching doesn't just make you invisible in the right light but also makes enemies forget they ever saw you is perhaps Thief's most lasting mechanic.
If Thief is the mechanical root for Fallout 4's stealth system, the series' own past dictates how it works. The 2D Fallout games made non-combat specialisations viable builds, a characteristic that the more combat-heavy Fallout 3 and Fallout 4 have had difficulty representing. The stealth system in Fallout 4 is essentially this combination of the two—the nuts and bolts are classically-signposted FPS stealth mechanics, but their actual utility depends entirely on background stats.
It would be easy to say the sheer silliness of it all breaks the immersion, but this is a narrow view of what immersion in a videogame is. The gameness of a world, all those UI elements like a score or a life bar, and explicit systems can be powerful elements of immersion themselves. You can sacrifice narrative and visual logic with abandon, and many AAA games do, but as long as what the player's doing is enjoyable then they're not necessarily drawn out of that world.
What it comes down to is a weakness in our critical vocabulary about games—a grey zone around a system that's both a mash-up with easily-identified failings and capable of delivering surreal genius on a regular basis. Something like this can't be labelled good, bad, or even lazy. It feels more organic than that. It's the kind of thing that no one designer would ever have come up with, but different teams, over different games, have created through accumulation and accretion.
I don't know what to call Bethesda's take on stealth: lunatic, stupid, brilliant, amazing, surreal, frustrating, nonsensical, irresistible. The rudimentary parts drive me crazy, but when you end up as a cross between Rambo and the Invisible Man it completely changes the game—it almost feels like a cheat code. Fallout 4's stealth is a huge mess that's both wrong and irresistible at the same time. Even when you're the beneficiary, it's hard to tell whether you're laughing at it or with it.
Rich Stanton is a videogame journalist who has written for Eurogamer, Vice, The Guardian, and others. His first book, A Brief History of Videogames, was released this year. You can find him on Twitter at @richstanton.
Sky gazers are about to be treated to a celestial event that hasn't been observed in almost 70 years and won't come again for many years to come.
The "record-breaking" supermoon slated for Nov. 14, known as the Beaver Moon or Frost Moon, will be exceptionally large and bring with it higher than normal tides.
Appearing up to 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than an average full moon, as noted by sciencealert.com, November's supermoon could very well be a once-in-a-lifetime event for many.
"The full moon of Nov. 14 is not only the closest full moon of 2016 but also the closest full moon to date in the 21st century," says NASA . The full moon won't come this close to Earth again until Nov. 25, 2034."
According to the Farmer's Almanac, the Beaver Moon gets its name because it came at the time of year when the early colonists and the Algonquin tribes set their beaver traps before the swamps froze. This would ensure they had a good supply of warm winter furs.
November Meteor Showers
On Nov. 12, the annual Taurids Meteor Shower will light up the night sky with meteors that are remnants left behind by the passage of the Comet known as 2P/Encke. With larger than normal "grains," the Taurids often offer fireballs, as well as about 10-15 meteors per hour. Unfortunately, the nearly full moon will "wash out the peak nights," Vaughn notes.
Another meteor shower will bring more "falling stars" between Nov. 5 and Dec. 3. The Leonid Meteor Shower, which will peak in the pre-dawn hours on Nov. 17, comes from material left behind from repeated passages of Comet 55P/Tempel-Tuttle. Again, the waxing moon soon after the full moon will prevent the best possible view of the shower.
Planets and Meteor Showers
Because Venus sets more than two hours after the sun during the month of November, it can be readily seen as a very bright white object in the western early evening sky. It will continue to be seen in the western sky until spring.
(MORE: Skywatchers, Rejoice! 2016 Will Have More Supermoons )
Jupiter can be observed during the pre-dawn hours in November. It rises at 5:30 a.m. early in November and by 3 a.m. later in the month. It is best seen as the sky brightens before sunrise.
Vaughn notes that the November night sky and its celestial offerings are best viewed away from light pollution found near populated areas. He also suggests sky gazers take enough time to allow their eyes to adjust, which could take up to 15 minutes.
MORE ON WEATHER.COM: Oct. 2016 Supermoon + Supermoon 2014 From Around the World
If you caught my post on Matt Damon's Top 5 performances I made it pretty clear that The Martian could worm it's way into the list. Thankfully I don't have to retract my optimism and can happily report that The Martian is as good as it looks.
~
Weaving a self-published e-book into the best film of the year so far Ridley Scott directs a Martian embracing Matt Damon to potential Oscar contention.
Utilising his eye for minute details, extraordinary lighting and steady pacing The Martian is a marvel to behold, the jestful Iron Man reference included.
In fact it's the humour that distinguishes The Martian from your everyday run-of-the-mill space odyssey, which in the current Hollywood trend is no mean feat. Building on the success of Gravity and Interstellar Ridley Scott is in tune with his audience. But is careful to ensure the comic tone of the novel is maintained throughout and to great effect.
With Damon leading the way as Mark Watney, botanist, astronaut, coloniser: his knack for comic timing has never felt so fresh. Stranded on the desolate red planet with no access to running water (nice timing NASA), limited food supply and four years before a viable rescue mission can be launched, Watney has to “science the shit out of this.”
Scott and Drew Goddard (screenwriter) waste no time in launching The Martian premise from scene one.
NASA's Ares III mission is cut short when a storm sweeps in on SOL 18. During a forced abort a piece of flying debris hits Watney, and the crew are left believing his suit was compromised and proceed with the abort.
Stranded, Watney does what any bearded space pirate would do. Why, plant potatoes in poo and communicate with NASA through hexadecimal coding of course: such is the brilliance of the writing. If there's one thing we learn from The Martian it's that astronauts can be incredibly resourceful.
Despite the unfathomable genius, it's the believability of the tale that draws the viewer in and Goddard and Scott are careful to ensure this isn't wasted on the viewer. We're not meant to understand the maths, theory, or practical application of rocket science and so the esoteric dialogue is made wholly believable by the sheer fact that it doesn't pander to an ignorant audience. We know we don't understand it all but this isn't a documentary for BBC Science.
Watney is written with such incredible and, frankly laudable, clarity to the extent that in bringing him to life Matt Damon's impeccable performance feels effortless. Much is to say that the casting is spot on throughout. Jessica Chastain reprises her association with sci-fi, Kate Mara redeems herself after the weary Fantastic Four while Michael Peña returns with a flavour of his Ant-Man role, even if it is significantly muted.
Having said that, some of the best dialogue takes place between Damon and Peña and is always a welcome relief to the impending melancholia that Scott is careful to avoid. With anachronistic disco tunes spinning, The Martian toys with the Guardians of the Galaxy formula to great effect. Assuring the viewer that this is no Apollo 13.
Jeff Daniels plays Teddy Sanders, Director of NASA, with smart precision and Kristen Wiig's role, although limited, makes for a comforting face amongst a busy cast in constant motion. Chiwetel Ejiofor plays his usual staring-into-the-distance face to the brink of extinction but his presence is never overplayed. Sean Bean's casting feels forced, purely for a hilarious Council of Elrond reference, whilst Donald Glover's sleep deprived genius is worthy of special mention. Each character plays a pivotal role in maintaining a pastiche of comedic seriousness.
Watney's anguish is felt in the lonely moments, letting his hopeful facade down at just the right moments to remind the viewer that while his scientific achievements are phenomenal, space is a crual mistress. A note dutifully touched upon in the closing sequences.
Damon's impeccable performance and Ridley Scott and Drew Goddard's collaboration to bring Andy Weir's awesome tale to the big screen make The Martian a Must-see.
* * * * *
Advertisements
Steam generators are heat exchangers used to convert feedwater into steam from heat produced in a nuclear reactor core. The steam produced drives the turbine. They are used in the most nuclear power plants, but there are many types according to the reactor type. The boiling water reactor does not require steam generators since the water boils directly in the reactor core. In other types of reactors, such as the pressurised heavy water reactors of the CANDU design, the primary fluid is heavy water. Liquid metal cooled reactors such as the Russian BN-600 reactor also use heat exchangers between a secondary sodium circuit and a tertiary water circuit.
Design of Steam Generator
To increase the amount of heat transferred and the power generated, the heat exchange surface must be maximalized. This is obtained by using tubes. Each steam generator can contain anywhere from 3,000 to 16,000 tubes, each about 19mm diameter.While the secondary fluid is always water, the reactor coolant (carbon dioxide, sodium, helium) depends on the reactor type. Where the coolant is pressurized water, two solutions have been adopted. In the first of these, the secondary water flows through straight tubes welded to tubesheets at both ends. This is the “once-through” type of steam generator. To eliminate the loads exerted on the tubesheets by differential thermal expansion between outside shell and the tubes, a second solution is often employed. This alternative gives acope for thermal expansion by using U-tubes welded to a single tubesheet. The tubes carry the pressurized primary coolant and are surrounded by the secondary water, which is turned into steam.
There are two designes for U-tubes steam generators. Design with tube bundle arranged vertically and design with tube bundle arranged horizontally. Horizontal steam generators are used in the VVER type reactors. In commercial power plants, there are 2 to 6 steam generators per reactor; each steam generator (vertical design) can measure up to 70 feet (~21m) in height and weigh as much as 800 tons.
The materials that make up the steam generators and tubes are specially made and specifically designed to withstand the heat, high pressure and radiation. The water tubes also have to be able to resist corrosion from water for an extended period of time.
Operating conditions
The hot primary coolant (water 330°C; 626°F; 16MPa) is pumped into the steam generator through primary inlet. High pressure of primary coolant is used to keep the water in the liquid state. Boiling of the primary coolant shall not occur. The liquid water flows through hundreds or thousands of tubes (usually 1.9 cm in diameter) inside the steam generator. The feedwater (secondary circuit) is heated from ~260°C 500°F to the boiling point of that fluid (280°C; 536°F; 6,5MPa). Heat is transferred through the walls of these tubes to the lower pressure secondary coolant located on the secondary side of the exchanger where the coolant evaporates to pressurized steam (saturated steam 280°C; 536°F; 6,5 MPa). The pressurized steam leaves the steam generator through a steam outlet and continues to the steam turbine. The transfer of heat is accomplished without mixing the two fluids to prevent the secondary coolant from becoming radioactive. The primary coolant leaves (water 295°C; 563°F; 16MPa) the steam generator through primary outlet and continues through a cold leg to a reactor coolant pump and then into the reactor.
See also: Steam Tables
Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) announced a change in its executive team earlier this month. Mark Fields, who took over the CEO post in July 2014 and oversaw the two most profitable years in the company's history on a pre-tax basis, will be replaced by Jim Hackett. A number of other management changes also took place. This move followed a near 15% decline in the company's stock price over the past few months. It is unlikely that short-term stock movements were the sole reason for the move, so below we discuss some other factors.
The first of these is that Ford failed to effectively communicate how it plans to negotiate the future auto market. As we've written about extensively, the idea of what it means to use a vehicle as a means of transportation is undergoing a profound shift. The combined impact of the improvement of electric battery technology, lowering prices of lithium-ion batteries that power electric vehicles, development of autonomous driving capabilities by large and small companies, and the growing popularity of ride sharing services has changed the future expectations of auto investors completely.
Even though Ford has made progress in devising a plan for this future, its communication of those plans hasn't done enough to sway investors. The automaker has invested in a number of software firms, announced 7 new electric vehicles and plans for 6 more, purchased a ride sharing shuttle service in San Francisco, and committed to a date for a fully autonomous fleet of vehicles. However, it hasn't been able to build as strong a perception as General Motors, with its Maven smart mobility brand and investments in Lyft and Cruise automation.
Additionally, the auto industry continues to face challenges to its profitability. The industry has always been a low margin, high capital expenditure industry, but these trends are becoming starker by the day. Previously, investments in auto stocks were predicated on the expectation of established players capturing growth in booming auto markets such as China and India. These expectations are now jeopardized to a degree by the ongoing economic and technological changes in the auto industry.
Ford announced a plan to cut costs by $3 billion annually by culling around 10% of its salaried workforce. This may help boost the bottom line in the short term, but is unlikely to help the company solve the aforementioned issues. Accordingly, we have lowered our price estimate for Ford's stock from $14 to around $12.50, which is around 10% higher than the current market price.
One reason for the lower valuations of the automotive divisions is the potential impact of ride sharing and autonomous driving on overall vehicle sales. Previous valuations for the divisions were derived based on the expectation of growth in the number of units sold in the long term. Absent that growth, the most valuable division for Ford becomes its leases and loans division, as a car manufacturer will still have the ability to own and make money from its vehicle fleets, whether they own the transportation service or not.
See More at Trefis | View Interactive Institutional Research (Powered by Trefis) Get Trefis Technology
Like our charts? Embed them in your own posts using the Trefis WordPress Plugin.
Jaguar XJ13 Reading time: about 1 minute. British
Cars
Le Mans
Racing
Vintage
Many regard the Jaguar XJ13 as the finest Jaguar ever made. It was initially created as a prototype racer for Le Mans in 1966 by infamous aerodynamicist Malcolm Sayer, the man also responsible for the iconic C-Type, D-Type and E-Type Jaguars.
The XJ13 has a mid-mounted 5.0 litre V12 producing over 500hp and would doubtless have been a serious contender at Le Mans had it been raced. Sadly the rules had changed and 3.0 litres was the new engine size limit, far smaller than the 5000cc unit in the Jaguar.
Only 1 Jaguar XJ13 was ever created and in 1971 it crashed due to a rear tire blowout at high speed. The wrecked car was rebuilt and today sits in a private collection, in 1996 the current owner was offered $11 million USD for it and politely declined.
As it stands the closest you or I will ever some to driving the XJ13 is to buy the game Gran Turismo 5, which features the car and allows you to drive it at many of the more famous circuits around the world.
Many have pointed to the obvious design similarities between the XJ13 and the Jaguar C-X75 Hybrid, due to go into production in 2013. The XJ13 may never have seen a production run, but its great-grandson is widely expected to revolutionise the way we look at supercars and hybrid/electric drivetrains as a whole.
Information via Jaguar Heritage
Singer says he has been in a relationship with his manager since 1978, but kept it from fans for fear of disappointing them
The singer Barry Manilow has said publicly that he is gay after keeping his sexuality secret for decades for fear of “disappointing his fans”. The music veteran, whose hits include Looks Like We Made It and Copacabana, also confirmed that he has been in a relationship with a man for 39 years. It is the first time he has spoken openly about his sexuality.
Manilow married Garry Kief at their home in Palm Springs in 2014, but never publicly confirmed the news because he was unsure how fans would react, he told People magazine. The 73-year-old told the publication: “I'm so private. I always have been.”
Rumours of a marriage between Manilow and Kief surfaced two years ago, but the pair never commented on the reports. The singer said the speculation had been a “blessing and a curse”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Garry Kief and Barry Manilow at the 2016 pre-Grammy gala in Beverly Hills. Photograph: Steve Granitz/WireImage
Manilow said he was overjoyed by the reaction from fans around the world. “I thought I would be disappointing them if they knew I was gay. So I never did anything. When they found out that Garry and I were together, they were so happy. The reaction was so beautiful – strangers commenting, ‘Great for you!' I'm just so grateful for it,” he added.
Manilow said he had been focused on his burgeoning music career when he met Kief, a TV executive, in 1978. “I knew that this was it. I was one of the lucky ones. I was pretty lonely before that.”
Early on in their relationship, Kief found the singer's fame hard to deal with. When the pair got into a car together after a concert, “[the fans] were rocking the car,” Manilow recalled. “He was like, ‘I can't handle this. It's not for me.' I'm glad he stayed.”
Soon afterwards, Kief became Manilow's manager and president of Barry Manilow Productions – roles he still holds today. “He's the smartest person I've ever met in my life, and a great guy, too,” Manilow said.
Manilow thanked his fans when he shared a link on Twitter to the People magazine article. A later tweet from him read: “I'm loving all of your responses. You guys are truly the greatest.”
Barry Manilow (@barrymanilow) Thank you to my fans for the years of support. My story is out and I look forward to many more years of sharing my music. https://t.co/fRA9BPwqIU
The news has been welcomed by fans and celebrities, with Manilow trending on Twitter and Facebook as many made puns and wondered how their mums were coping.
“So all this time, Barry Manilow was singing about Andy,” one user wrote. “Not quite sure how I'm gonna tell my mum that Barry Manilow is gay,” said another.
George Takei, the gay actor best known for his work in the Star Trek television series, was one of the first stars to react to the news on Twitter. “Congratulations @BarryManilow on coming out! Welcome to the club,” he wrote, adding the hashtag #NeverTooLate.
Some expressed surprise that Manilow hadn't come out sooner. Feminist writer Roxane Gay said: “I didn't realise Barry Manilow was in the closet! But good for him coming out. He's the best.”
The time I met Margaret Thatcher and Barry Manilow – together Read more
Manilow was briefly married to his high school sweetheart, Susan Deixler, while he was studying at the New York College of Music. The singer has said he was in love with her but was “not ready for marriage”.
“I was out making music every night, sowing my wild oats,” Manilow is quoted as saying. “I wasn't ready to settle down.” In his 1987 autobiography, Sweet Life, he made a fleeting reference to his ex-wife, but did not name her. He described her as “adorable, small with great legs and a voluptuous figure”.
Manilow did not explain why he had chosen this moment to come out publicly, but his 29th studio album, This Is My Town, is due to be released on 21 April.
Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA
Tim Weiner
Doubleday (2008)
In 1959 or 1960, I spent three consecutive evenings in McMillan Theater on the Columbia University campus listening to former president Harry S. Truman deliver a series of speeches. I remember the man better than what he said: a middle-sized, pink-cheeked old guy in a grey suit, speaking with a high, flat Missouri accent. I do recall his confidence, especially when he said he'd been right to drop the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
He was a likable man, and he'd fully recovered from his 1940s unpopularity. What we didn't know, and what he may not have known either, was that he had done more than to fight and win the world's only nuclear war. He had been duped into a decision that has shaped the lives of all of us on the planet since 1945, and that has ruined the lives of most of us.
That decision was to replace the wartime Office of Strategic Services with a new spy service, the Central Intelligence Agency.
Tim Weiner has written this highly critical history of the CIA based entirely "on the record -- no anonymous sources, no blind quotations, no hearsay . . . compiled entirely from firsthand reporting and primary documents." Much of what he tells us has been known for decades. But Weiner strings together events that we might otherwise not connect, and the result is appalling.
Sixty years of failure
Less clearly known is how the CIA managed to get away with 60 years of gross failure. That failure began with the subversion of Harry Truman's modest wish to have a reliable source of information. And in its first decade the CIA struck the themes that have dominated our lives ever since.
Weiner shows that U.S. intelligence barely existed before Pearl Harbor, and imploded within weeks of the war's end. During the war itself, intelligence agencies did a fair job, though they needed mentoring and support from the British spy agencies.
The Office of Special Services conducted much of this intelligence, but its real forte was in dropping agents into Nazi-occupied Europe. Many were lost, but they did manage to do some damage and to support resistance groups.
After the war, suddenly out of a congenial job, some ex-OSS officers managed to persuade Truman that he needed more than just a postwar spy service -- he needed covert operations that would frustrate Soviet plans and advance American interests.
The OSS had been known during the war as Oh So Social, a cozy group of Ivy Leaguers. They'd had so much fun that they wanted to fight their last war all over again.
Their war, of course, had been a covert matter of dropping saboteurs into occupied Europe. They went on doing so, in the vain hope that guerilla forces might take over Ukraine or Albania.
In the postwar chaos, however, the Reds had sent their own agents west, and they easily worked their way into the infant CIA's networks. Most of the troublemakers dropped behind the Iron Curtain were picked up on arrival and shot. A few were used to exploit the CIA's gullibility, sending disinformation back to their handlers.
Meanwhile, the agency was setting up its first overseas prisons, primitive Guantánamos where prisoners could be interrogated without reference to U.S. laws or the Geneva Conventions.
Supposed victories of the 1950s
We've heard a lot about the CIA's early covert triumphs: the overthrow of Mossadegh in Iran and Arbenz in Guatemala. Weiner shows that these were near-disasters, but they set the agency's course from the Bay of Pigs to Panama and the bribery that really won the opening stages of the war in Afghanistan.
Less well known is the CIA's success in postwar Japan, where it used money and war criminals to create a bogus democracy. In Europe, it drew on funds from the Marshall Plan to buy a congenial government in Italy -- while the Poles supported the Italian Communist Party with gold obtained from the CIA's botched airdrops.
In its first decade the CIA also demonstrated its inability to meet Truman's original desire: to supply reliable information about what was going on in the rest of the world. It totally failed to insert agents into Soviet-bloc governments. Intelligence came from the antennas of the National Security Agency, and from a few Soviet volunteers.
Decades later, a drunk named Aldrich Ames, who "failed upward for 17 years," gave the Russians the names of every Soviet agent he knew about, and he knew most of them. After all, he was the CIA's chief of counterintelligence for the USSR and Eastern Europe. He also supplied the names and jobs of hundreds of his colleagues. It took the agency seven years to catch him.
A litany of incompetence
Reading this litany of incompetence, it's hard to see how the CIA survived even its first decade. Many of the presidents it served regarded it with contempt and distrust.
But while the CIA couldn't fool Soviet counterintelligence, or outsmart Osama Bin Laden, it could always present something that its political masters would swallow: a convenient thug installed in some government, some Soviet helicopters downed by U.S.-supplied missiles in the hands of the mujahideen. The blowback would come, but on someone else's watch.
Weiner's portrait of the agency is probably too one-sided. No doubt it achieved some covert successes that really did advance American interests, and obtained intelligence that guided American policy.
But even the CIA's own statement about his book is notably defensive: Yeah, Ames sold our guys out, but they did good work before he nailed them.
What seems clear from Weiner's book, though, is that the CIA effectively ruined the lives of almost everyone on the planet. It corrupted democratic governments and backed up dictators. It gave the Soviets and Chinese good excuses for oppressing their own people. It trained Osama Bin Laden and then failed to stop him when he turned against the West.
Perhaps we'd have been better off if Secretary of State Henry Stimson, back in 1929, hadn't shut down the U.S. "Black Chamber" that had been decoding foreign messages since 1917. "Gentlemen do not read one another's mail," he primly explained.
But if Stimson had let a professional intelligence service continue to grow, it would have been well prepared for World War II. The OSS amateurs would never have got off the ground. Postwar U.S. governments would have had reliable information.
And the rest of us might have had longer and happier lives.
Sen. John McCain, who revealed this summer that he has an aggressive form of brain cancer, said Sunday that his “prognosis is pretty good.”
“This is a very vicious form of cancer that I'm facing,” the Arizona Republican told CNN's Jake Tapper. “But all the results so far are excellent. Everything's fine.”
McCain, who was in Washington, DC last week as the Senate returned from its summer recess, said he'll be at work again this coming week as the Senate begins work on a defense bill.
But he spoke openly Sunday about the significance of his health challenges, and reflected on his own mortality.
“I'm getting the best treatment that anybody could get,” he said. “And I'm very happy. I'm very happy with my life. I'm very happy with what I've been able to do. And there are two ways of looking at these things, and one of them is to celebrate. I am able to celebrate a wonderful life and I will be grateful for additional time that I have.”
He told Tapper that he'll be getting an MRI on Monday to see how well his treatment has worked.
“So far, all indications are very good. But, again, I'm not trying to paint this as a rosy picture. This is a very virulent form of cancer,” he said. “It has to be fought against. We have new technologies that I won't bother you with the details of that make chances better. But Jake, every life has to end one way or another. I think it was a playwright, I'll think of his name in a minute. He said, ‘I always knew that no one could live forever, but I thought there might be one exception.' So you've got to have joy. Joy.”
McCain also took questions about what happened in Congress last week, with President Trump going over the heads of GOP leadership to cut a budget and debt ceiling deal with House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
“This was not an exercise in bipartisanship,” McCain said, because it left out House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. He added that the deal “is basically devastating to national defense” by not adding additional funding from current levels, which is “unconscionable.”
McCain also said Congress should act to help the young undocumented immigrants brought to the US as children who had been protected against deportation by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which Trump rescinded last week. But he called for a “comprehensive” immigration fix as opposed to a standalone measure just focused on DREAMers.
“We need to do that and make the DREAMers part of it,” he said, adding that it's “not conscionable to tell young people who came here as children that they have to go back to a country they don't know.”
Towards the end of the interview, Tapper asked McCain how he wanted American people to remember him.
“He served his country, and not always right. Made a lot of mistakes. Made a lot of errors, but served his country. And, I hope we could add, honorably.”
The report says Manchester United's tour to China last year has played a part in their rise
Manchester United have replaced Bayern Munich as the most popular team online in China, according to a new report.
The sixth edition of the Red Card, which analyses the influence of 53 European clubs on China's social media platforms, has Arsenal and Liverpool joint third with Manchester City fifth.
The German Bundesliga remains the most influential league online.
Arsenal's Mesut Ozil is the second most popular player behind Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo.
United forward Wayne Rooney, who has been linked with a move to China, also features in the top five, along with Old Trafford team-mate Anthony Martial.
Real's Wales international Gareth Bale is third, but Lionel Messi is a notable absentee. The Barcelona forward does not have a social media presence in China.
The study took its data from Chinese social media platforms WeChat and Weibo, the latter a cross between Twitter and Facebook, as well as audience figures from live streams of games and how the respective club websites perform in the country.
David Hornby, head of sport at Mailman which produced the annual report, told BBC Sport: "The Premier League is complacent. Its clubs have decent numbers of followers on Weibo, but not as high engagement.
"The Bundesliga clubs are far more active. The German league tells its clubs what to do, whereas the respective Premier League clubs are in control of what they do."
Regarding United's ascent to the top for the first time since the report began, Hornby said: "There was a gap between following and engagement.
"United were the most followed, but Bavaria were a country mile ahead regarding activity online. But United has taken big strides with fan events and a tour last year."
Disgaea 5 will feature multiple Netherworlds and Demons
Disgaea 5 was announced for the PlayStation 4 during the Sony pre-TGS press conference along with a new trailer. Thanks to 4gamer.net we now have more information on what fans of the NIS titles can expect, along with screenshots.
Kilia will be the main character for Disgaea 5.
He will be accompanied by Seraphine, the demon lord of the Gorgeous Netherworld.
Usalia, the demon lord of the Rabbit Rabbit Netheworld, will also accompany him. She rides a giant Prinny in battle.
It seems revenge will be the main theme of the story. Demon lords from various Netherworlds will come together to defeat the ultimate enemy known as Void Dark, who controls over a million soldiers and is the destroyer of other Netherworlds. Each character has their own reason for joining the battle but eventually multiple Netherworlds will come together to finally put an end to Void Dark.
For the past 15 years or so, colleges have experienced a tremendous building boom, and the most publicized aspects of the boom have been the amenities: the climbing walls, the swank student unions, and the luxury dorms.
Even in the midst of a national financial crisis, the buildings seemed to get more opulent. The Wall Street Journal, for example, recently noted the “resort living” on college campuses. A new residence hall at Saint Leo University, in Florida, features a 2,100-gallon aquarium, a relaxation room with futuristic “spherical nap pods,” big-screen televisions, and more, according to The Tampa Tribune. A Saint Leo sophomore called it “ridiculously amazing.”
Other people—particularly those predicting a shakeout for higher education—might call it just plain ridiculous. Shouldn't higher education put more money into, um, education and less of this stuff?
That depends on the college, according to Brian Jacob, Brian McCall, and Kevin M. Stange, all at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. In a new paper published by the National Bureau of Economic Research, they analyze the “college as country club” and the pressure on institutions to cater to students' desire for “consumption amenities.”
To some extent, the Michigan researchers found what you might expect: “More selective schools have a much greater incentive to improve academic quality” because that is valued by the high-achieving students that they are trying to attract, the researchers write. “Less selective (but expensive) schools, by comparison, have a greater incentive to focus on consumption amenities.”
But one aspect of their conclusion is startling: The less-selective colleges might actually harm their enrollment by spending more on instruction. “One important implication is that for many institutions, demand-side market pressure may not compel investment in academic quality, but rather in consumption amenities,” they write. “This is an important finding given that quality assurance is primarily provided by demand-side pressure: the fear of losing students is believed to compel colleges to provide high levels of academic quality. Our findings call this accountability mechanism into question.”
In other words, one would think that market forces would reward colleges that invest in teaching and academics, and that we would have better colleges over all because of that market pressure. But it turns out, the researchers say, that prospective students of the less-selective colleges may care more about investment in the “resort” experience of college, and hence academic quality may not be enhanced by market forces.
The researchers say there's a parallel in health care, “where patient amenities are a much stronger driver of hospital demand than clinical quality.”
Mr. Jacob, Mr. McCall, and Mr. Stange readily acknowledge that their paper does not address how those trends affect students and taxpayers. And they point to a need for more research on this market pressure, with a particular emphasis on the implications for competing institutions.
Surely, any close observer of higher education would recognize the effects of the building boom and their long-term consequences. A number of colleges have high debt loads and crippling deferred maintenance, which will become more burdensome as buildings age.
After noting the debt-rating downgrade at the College of New Rochelle last week, I couldn't help but notice our previous coverage of the college: We had written up New Rochelle's $28-million wellness center, designed by the well-known firm ikon.5, in 2008.
The amenities arm race may attract students and publicity in the short term, but in the long term the strategy might be a risky game.
I have done between 10 – 15 escape rooms across the UK and the rooms here are some of the best I have ever done. We knew we wanted to do one in Barcelona and were extremely glad we choose this place. We liked the room so much we went back and did another one the next day (helped that we got 15% off). Both rooms we did were taken in the theme so well. The puzzles were brilliant and just challenging enough but also kept fun. The customer service and booking experience was also really good. The whole place had such a good feel to it even down to the smell of the place. They even offer free beverages afterwards for you to relax on the comfy sofas.
Hull
‘Pleasures and Pains: Opium and the Orient in Nineteenth-Century British Culture' (1995) by Barry Milligan utilises a multidisciplinary approach, including psychology, literary criticism, history and psychology, in order to examine the relationship between Britain and the Orient. Broadly speaking a work of cultural studies, the book concentrates on the trade of goods and ideas as a grounding for understanding British identity in the nineteenth century; opium being at the heart of this treatment.
The question of Orientalism threads through, not only the history of Britain, but also drug literature. While the 1950s and early 1960s concentrated on the importation of religious and spiritual language as explanatory models for understanding the effects of the psychedelic experience, over one hundred years previously it was a question of reciprocal cultural influence. This confluence was readily explored through opium, a drug which, although having its most distant roots in the West, was then being grown on a grand scale in India and China and was tied up with commercial and military power; most obviously exemplified by the two Opium Wars (1839-42, 1856-60).
Opium, as a symbol of this socio-political and economic movement, became a cultural symbol that was utilised in literature as an exploratory tool for understanding the effect of the confluence on British identity and social life: “In the world of the opium vision, British consciousness is the theatre and the Orient is the terrifying actor of the fantasies dramatized there” (Milligan 1995, 20). Barry Milligan's Pleasures and Pains: Opium and the Orient in the Nineteenth-Century examines the cultural effects. Taking into account the works of a number of writers, the Victorian opium den and the domestic scene in Britain, Milligan seeks to demonstrate that the products of the British imperial stretch in the Far East was, in fact, a two-way affair.
The introduction and opening chapter deals with the problematic of terms like ‘imperialism', ‘Orientalism' and ‘national identity'. Milligan concedes that “having upbraided the totalizing uses of the term “the Orient,” I then resort to the label myself” (Milligan 1995, 11). Self-admittedly, however, Milligan is clearly aware of the necessity to do so. He overcomes the problem by its recognition within the text and, secondly, by understanding that far from it being used as a “totalizing” term, the use of “Orient” unfolds as a multiplicity. In other words, it becomes a signifier to the many “conflicts between generalization and specificity in the discourses I treat” (Milligan 1995, 11). Therefore, the book takes into account a milieu of cultural effects that lead to a variety of understandings.
“The story told by the preface of “Kubla Khan” is at least as familiar as the poem itself: after having taken “two grains of opium,” the author [Samuel Coleridge[ says, he was reading in what he calls Purchas's Pilgrimage (1614) about the palace of Kublai Khan… when he fell into a deep sleep and saw before him the turbulent and paradisal Oriental landscape” (Milligan 1995, 36).
The second, third and fourth chapters deal with the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge (1772-1834), and the writers Thomas de Quincey (1785-1859) and Wilkie Collins (1824-1889) respectively. Coleridge, of whom the above quote refers, is famous for his purportedly opium-inspired poem Kubla Khan (?), yet a number of other poems like Fears in Solitude (1797) explore Anglo-Oriental commerce and confluence. Coleridge, while concerned over British actions in the Far East, is also concerned with a reversal as British commercialism brought over ‘foreign' artefacts. Opium acts as the axiom of this ‘pernicious' exchange, “for both England and the Orient ultimately occupy the same body under the influence of opium” (Milligan 1995, 45). For Coleridge, and the majority of other writers in the text, opium is both the writers tool and his example.
Thomas de Quincey's Confessions of an English Opium-Eater (1821) had a huge impact on writers in Europe and America; both for his take on opium and the Oriental imagery of his prose. De Quincey's Orient is an alien ‘other' but, far from it being one of complete separateness, he uses it to the effect of suggesting Englishness and vice-versa. The two elements, being suggestive of one another, become an interchangeable hierarchy within his opium visions; suggesting a mutual origin. The upshot, for Milligan, being that “De Quincey takes Coleridge's insights even a step further: he views such non-differentiation not as a breach or an infection of one entity by another but instead as a unity” (Milligan 1995, 68).
The Oriental entanglement with Britain, the diffusion of ideas, and the cultural tension therein are movements in an expanding military and commercial world in the nineteenth century. The understandings that various writers, including Charles Dickens, have manifested on the movement are deeply laced through the opium motif. Opium, as it was for Coleridge, is an exemplifier of the socio-political climate as a commercial product and, simultaneously, it is the dream landscape onto which British identity, or the loss therein, is explored textually. Milligan's Pleasures and Pains admirably explores these movements in a book beautifully contextualised in the history of its subjects. A valuable read for cultural studies, historians and those with a love of the drug effect in texts.
CAPITALISM is struggling but organised labour shows no sign of profiting from its mistakes. American union membership hit a 96-year low last year. In the rich countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the unionised proportion of paid workers nudged down from a low base of 17.8% in 2008 to 17.5% in 2011 (the latest figures available). In the large OECD economies most exposed to globalisation—America, Britain, Germany, France and Japan—unions' share of the workforce has dropped steadily to roughly half its level in 1980 (see chart below).
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In America membership has fallen furthest in “right-to-work” states (where unions cannot oblige workers to join)—which now include even Michigan, a bastion of the United Autoworkers Union and organised labour in general. In California, however, membership has remained roughly stable since 1990 and grew by 110,000 in 2012. Blue-collar regions such as New York state, England's north-east and Quebec in Canada are still more heavily unionised than others. Since 1990 membership has steadily declined in Italy but fluctuated—at a much lower level—in Spain.
Richard Trumka, boss of the AFL-CIO, America's labour federation, insists that union leaders will not just “tidy up the offices, lock the doors and turn out the lights”. But he accepts that his movement is in vertiginous decline: “the numbers give us all the proof we need.”
Unions face what is, in effect, a threat to their business model. One problem is costs. Organising workforces is labour-intensive. Dues have to be high to cover fixed costs (particularly when these are shared among a shrinking pool of members). If he earns $12 per hour, a member of America's largest private-sector union, the Teamsters, must pay $360 in annual fees, for example.
Members expect value in return: better rights, wages and working conditions. But unions are finding it harder to provide these. Since 1995, for example, the wage premium for British union members has fallen from 26% to 18%. That is partly because employers can threaten to move jobs abroad. American data from the 1980s and 1990s, and more recent research in Germany, show a correlation between foreign direct investment, outsourcing and lower union-wage premiums.
The shift from manufacturing to services is another blow: workers who have honed a specific welding technique have more bargaining power than generalist computer programmers or hotel cleaners. Service workers are easy to replace when short-term contracts and casual work are common. They are harder to enlist, too. When work and capital flow freely across borders, battles against outsourcing put different national movements at odds. South Korean unionists threatened to “wage a war” in January 2012 when General Motors touted a deal with a German union to move production to Europe.
Culture is shifting too. Johan Jarvklo, the chief employee representative at Scania, a Swedish vehicle manufacturer, says new employees used to join automatically, “but now the kids look at the cost and ask: why?” In the past, if a new employee did not join the union, fellow workers would shun him in the lunch break, he recalls. “But the younger generation is more individualistic.” Many of Mr Jarvklo's members are uncomfortable at modest union donations to the Social Democratic Party; “so I refund them their contribution to the red team!” he exclaims, whipping a coin out of his pocket.
Indeed, “post-material” identities—race, gender, sexuality and age—make better spurs for collective action than job, class and workplace, says Michael Piore of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Labour-market “outsiders” such as women, immigrants and the low-skilled have found other political avenues. Tellingly, Barack Obama's second inauguration speech nodded to them, but not to the unions. In the debate on health-care reform, for example, it was not labour but the apolitical Families USA which was most influential.
Power to the people
Some unions, however, are adapting. Scandinavian ones start with an advantage; as in some other European countries, they administer unemployment insurance. But they also shun the confrontational approach of unions in places such as America. Mr Jarvklo's thriving outfit, IF Metall, is one such example: its success comes from “caring deeply about Scania's competitiveness”, he declares. Indeed, 67.7% of Swedish workers belonged to a union in 2011 (the same figure as in 1970)—one of the highest levels in the OECD. Karl-Petter Thorwaldsson, president of the blue-collar labour organisation, LO, is confident that it will rise in the coming years. He also plans to bring together Sweden's businesses and unions to reaffirm their commitment to co-operate, known as the Saltsjobaden Agreement, on its 75th anniversary this year.
Sweden's labour relations, says Christer Agren of Svenskt Naringsliv, the employers' group, are a competitive advantage. Unions understand the value of free trade and globalisation. Downsizing rarely brings rows; even the more truculent unions are moving “in the right direction”.
That means appealing to a more consumerist audience. The fast-growing Unionen lets its white-collar members opt in to any of a range of protections and benefits. It markets its services through witty television adverts. It offers insurance and courses for members who want to be retrained. It resolutely avoids party politics. Its success, reckons Mr Agren, is that it “stands alongside its members, it doesn't interpose itself between them and their employers.” Mr Jarvklo praises this style, too, and trains his shop stewards to communicate with prospective and existing members accordingly.
More than most, Sweden's unions know the difference between protecting a fixed job and protecting the long-term interests of their members. To keep Scania competitive in the economic maelstrom of 2008, for example, IF Metall agreed to redundancies and “time banking” of unworked hours which can be paid back when demand picks up. Erik Ljungberg, a senior vice-president, says that unions help create an innovative environment. The firm made three trucks per employee year 20 years ago. Steadily shaving seconds off production processes through methods spread with the help of shop stewards has raised that to eight. Through such practices, says Hakan Tribell of a free-market think-tank, Timbro, they have wisely made themselves “indispensable”.
Unions also want to break into new markets, by recruiting labour-market “outsiders”. For example, LO is working with the government and business to create training places for unemployed youths. In return for paying a lower wage, employers will provide new recruits with formal training, easing them into the workforce. In New York state, by contrast, a new attempt to improve the pay of fast-food workers is led by community groups, not unions.
Even fans of the Swedish model concede that it is not perfect: the consensus between unions and bosses can inhibit entrepreneurship. It relies on a costly welfare state to bridge social fissures. But it works. The contrast between this happy picture and that of most other rich-country union movements is striking. It shows that if unions want to prosper, they need a modern, consumer-friendly approach. As any good boss knows, that means following the customer, finding new markets, offering choice and acknowledging that economic change will not just go away.
San Francisco, May 3: There has been a coup d'etat in Pakistan. A quiet one. But it is a coup that may change the course of history not only in South Asia but in the entire Islamic ummah or community.
By giving up Osama bin Laden, the Pakistan Army's wildest trump card in the cat-and-mouse game between Islamabad and Washington that reached a critical point when CIA contractor Raymond Davis was arrested, factions in the Pakistani establishment which seek a continued alliance with the US have displaced those who want Pakistan to be part of a global Islamic resurgence.
It was a cat-and-mouse game between Langley, the CIA headquarters, and Rawalpindi, seat of the Pakistan Army General Headquarters, which began with the US invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 when the Americans, foolishly trusting Gen. Pervez Musharraf then, enabled the Inter-Services Intelligence to facilitate the safe passage of Osama from the Tora Bora mountains through deceit.
The Americans were to regret their foolishness for a whole decade.
The arrest of Davis in January for killing two men who were widely believed to have been ISI agents, the arrest of at least one other CIA contractor, the denial of visas to American “diplomats” by Pakistan, the near breaking point in ties between the ISI and the CIA — all made it necessary for Pakistan to choose between being dumped by the US for needling them in Afghanistan using its proxies or extending their full and unstinted co-operation to Washington in return for continued military and other assistance.
The army faction that supports a deep alliance with the US has won out and proved its loyalty to Washington.
Contrary to the carefully cultivated perception in Washington and Islamabad about the fallout of killing Osama, a new phase in the US-Pakistan security alliance has been sealed in Abbottabad with the blood of the Saudi billionaire-turned-terrorist.
The best accounts of the operation which killed bin Laden are not to be found in the US media, which is behaving as if it is embedded with the CIA like American journalists were with the US forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq and swallowed army propaganda for which newspapers like The Washington Post later apologised.
Revealing details about Sunday's Abbottabad operation are to be found in the Chinese media, especially China's official news agency, Xinhua, which has no pretensions to media freedom unlike its American counterparts.
The Chinese have the best sources in Pakistan, given the all-weather friendship between Islamabad and Beijing.
Xinhua says electricity was cut off to Abbottabad as the operation to kill Osama began. That shows complicity with the Americans not only within the Army General Headquarters in Rawalpindi but down the line to the local administration that controls the electricity switching stations.
Xinhua says security forces cordoned off the entire area near Osama's safe house before the Americans attacked it and no one was allowed to enter or leave the operational surroundings during the attack.
That only means the Pakistanis knew what was going to take place, although it is only logical that reasons for sealing off the area would not have been communicated down the line to the local police or paramilitary units.
Xinhua also says residents of Abbottabad took videos and cellphone pictures from their rooftops as the spectacular helicopter landing and firefight was under way.
But Pakistani security forces went round from house to house collecting memory cards from cameras and seizing videos from residents soon enough so that the pictures were not transmitted freelance by what modern TV would call citizen journalists.
All this could not have been organised by the Pakistanis after the event, which means, circumstantially, that the killing of Osama was a well co-ordinated US-Pakistani operation down to local ward-level in Abbottabad.
Besides, Abbottabad is the seat of a brigade of the second division of Pakistan's Northern Army Corps and several other sensitive army establishments, including a key military training academy.
Metaphorically, even a fly cannot circle the skies of that city without escaping the attention of the defence network that guards Abbottabad.
It is for this reason and to keep up the fiction that the US and Pakistan did not co-operate in killing Osama that an official statement was issued in Islamabad today that “US helicopters entered Pakistani airspace making use of blind spots in the radar coverage due to hilly terrain”.
The statement added that “US helicopters' undetected flight into Pakistan was also facilitated by the... efficacious use of the latest technology and ‘nap of the earth' flying techniques”.
At the same time, the Pakistan Army did not want its people to lose faith in Rawalpindi as the guardian of their country's borders and their defence.
Hence, a paragraph in the statement which asserts that “it may not be realistic to draw an analogy between this undefended civilian area and some military (and) security installations which have elaborate local defence arrangements”.
But to think that American helicopters carrying heavily armed personnel who attacked Osama's hideout could have violated Abbottabad's airspace without help from Pakistan is pure fiction that is meant for the masses who are vulnerable to jihadi sermons in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Inflaming those masses could mean difficulties for the Americans everywhere.
But it is true that “Abbottabad and the surrounding areas have been under sharp focus of intelligence agencies since 2003, resulting in highly technical operation by ISI which led to the arrest of high-value al Qaida target in 2004”, as the statement claims.
Of the greatest significance, however, is the revelation in the statement that “as far as the target compound is concerned, ISI has been sharing information with CIA and other friendly intelligence agencies since 2009. The intelligence flow indicating some foreigners in the surroundings of Abbottabad, continued till mid-April 2011”.
The Pakistani statement is remarkable for its candour between the lines because it is admitting that in April 2011, the ISI stopped sharing information about Osama with the Americans because of strains between their respective intelligence outfits.
As a result, the Americans had to put off their plans to kill or capture bin Laden in mid-April, plans which began when Pakistan shared that intelligence from 2009, because the operation could not be undertaken without Islamabad's full support.
The internal power struggles in the Pakistani establishment were resolved when it was decided that not only will intelligence co-operation be revived but also that to make up with the Americans, they would sacrifice Osama.
That is tantamount to a coup within Pakistan which paves the way for stronger, better and deeper ties between Pakistan and the US, belying Indian hopes to the contrary.
The Pakistani statement truthfully claims that “reports about US helicopters taking off from Ghazi airbase are absolutely false and incorrect”. The US has enough capabilities for an operation of this kind not to want to use Pakistan's military facilities.
All it needed was logistics support and unimpeded passage into Abbottabad.
There is irony in the portion of the statement which says the “CIA and some other friendly intelligence agencies have benefited a great deal from the intelligence provided by ISI. ISI's own achievements against al Qaida and in the war on terror are more than any other intelligence agency in the world”.
There is a ring of truth in it with their sacrifice of their biggest trump card in dealings with the US, namely the world's most wanted terrorist, Osama.
And finally, some window dressing: “The Government of Pakistan expresses its deep concerns and reservations on the manner in which the Government of the United States carried out this operation without prior information or authorisation from the Government of Pakistan.”
By Andy May
BBC Asian Network
Ecclestone views India as a lucrative new market for F1 to tap into India will definitely host a Grand Prix in Delhi in 2011, Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has told the BBC Asian Network. Ecclestone insists he and Indian company Jaiprakash Associates Ltd are "fully committed" to the project. "Of course we will deliver... otherwise we wouldn't have entered into an agreement," said Ecclestone. Work on a new circuit on the outskirts of Delhi was meant to begin in October 2008 but was postponed. Ecclestone said that this was because he has issues with the global calendar of sporting events and "certain contracts elsewhere to fulfil". Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. BBC Sport understands that work on India's track will now begin this summer, with completion expected at the end of 2010. Top Indian driver Narain Karthikeyan cast doubt over the project last month, saying he didn't believe "anyone would want to invest in motorsport" during the current global economic crisis. But Karthikeyan, who raced for Jordan and tested for Williams in F1, knows how popular the sport could be in his country. "It will be very big for the whole of Asia because everyone will benefit," he said. "It will also be much better for fans in India to get closer to the sport." Ecclestone is keen to bring F1 to a country with a population of over one billion and one of the world's fastest-growing economies - even in the current global downturn. I doubt in India anything will be a rival to cricket, but let's see
Bernie Ecclestone "It's a large, large country with a big population and it's good for the sponsors, car manufacturers and everyone involved in Formula One," he said. The Force India team's participation in F1 has also raised the sport's profile in India, although it has a long way to go before it challenges cricket's popularity. Ecclestone admitted he is not expecting Lewis Hamilton to rival the likes of India cricket superstars Mahendra Dhoni and Sachin Tendulkar any time soon. "I doubt in India anything will be a rival to cricket, but let's see," he said.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Drawing eyes is not necessarily hard, but very important. In portraiture, eyes are the part of the face which focuses attention of the viewer the most. Today I'd like to review anatomy of the eye in a way that is understandable for a painter, point out things that need extra attention and hopefully motivate you all to sketch a little bit ;)
Of course if you have any questions or comments, I'd be very happy to hear them.
We obviously all know that eyeball has a shape of a ball. The problem is that we rarely realize that while drawing - more often we just have something round and dark (iris with pupil) on something white. That is because we see even less than a quarter of the whole eyeball and do not think about the rest of it. So let's revise how the eye is built, for the starters.
Let's imagine eye as a ball, covered in thick rubber suit. Now, coming from one side to another, we cut a slit in that suit, so rubber covering moves apart and from the inside you can see a white ball. This is how we should imagine eyelids on the eyeball. They cover it, stick to it and move based on how eye moves, but we will come back to that later. For now, imagine eye as a ball in rubber suit ;) On this ball (let's take it out of the suit for a moment) we have iris, which is a lot like slightly concave bowl (like a hole) and cornea, which is also like a bowl, but convex one (upside down, like a hill on the eye). Cornea is transparent, so you can see iris behind it. Pupil is placed on the iris, in fact, it's more like a hole in the iris which let's light in.
When drawing eyes together, you can think of them like they are placed on the same stick and roll up and down together. When you look right or left both eyeballs rotate about the same angle. It's eyelids that make eyes look different.
Eyelids are pretty tricky. They have their thickness which is clearly visible, we should normally show the bottom plane of the top lid and the top plane of the bottom lid. When it comes to shading, light source is usually above the eye so the bottom plane of the upper lid is in shadow and the corresponding surface on the bottom lid is highlighted.
Shape of the eyelids is somewhat tricky. Please note, that most time it's not symmetrical! We also have many many many different shapes, you can see some examples on the picture below. Male and female eyes are pretty much the same, as there is no significant difference. Female eyes appear to be bigger because female face is generally smaller. Everything else is just make-up ;) Men usually have even longer eyelashes! When it comes to children, their iris is the same as for a grown up (eyes do not grow with age!) but eyelids are smaller so iris seems to be big. Old person is more likely to have baggy eyelids.
To make things more complex, eyelids change their shape when we move the eyes. Cornea has a convex form and it will push the lid out. Take your time looking at friends, try to realize how cornea affects shape of the lids.
While refining details be aware that for example tear duct can come in a variety of shapes - round, small, big, sharp, whatever you like, in fact. Eyelashes should be grouped into chunks and a little curved. They are longer in the middle part of the eyelid and a bit shorter near the edges. One final thing to note is shadowing the iris. As the iris is like a crater and cornea is a hill, they will be shadowed in an opposite way (concave and convex shapes). But cornea is transparent, so only highlight will be visible. So for a simple summary: shade iris near the top lid and leave some light to the bottom part of it. Then add highlight on the darker part (that highlight comes from cornea, which is lighter at the upper part and darker at the lower part). That recipe works for light coming from above. For the light source below the eye just reverse the pattern. Also don't forget to shade the white part of an eye - eye is round and has a natural shadow. One last part is shadow coming from the upper lip and from eyelashes.
Just for the record - some simple sketches I did, just to practice positioning eyelids and such. Those were done very quickly and you should try doing this too! Just open Google, type in "portrait" or "face" and sketch eyes, as many as you can. Try to remember all the important things which I pointed out and check if you didn't forget anything. Is the shape correct? Eyelids look natural or not? Are both eyes looking at the same point? Are eyelashes moving correctly along with the lids?
Now you are ready to jump into some serious painting! :D Good luck!
Agent Orchid
Adult
The book follows the story of Janet Wilson, a young woman who suffered a trauma during her trip to Africa. Upon returning home, she struggles to come to terms with her African experience and the events she witnessed there. She is offered some comfort and explanations but finds finds them hardly satisfactory and comes to realise her suffering is hers alone. More
Janet Wilson is a student who reflects on the events that occurred during her trip to Africa. Upon returning home, her mind remains preoccupied with the African experience and although she is offered some answers as to why things are the way they are, she continues to dwell in confusion and uncertainty.
A change in the world only matters to some people, whether they welcome it or not. Others are too small to care.
The story is set in an alternate version of Angola and Britain. It incorporates some dystopian features and leans towards minimal literary style.
UPDATED 5/30, 8:45 AM After I wrote about Google's spat with an advertising trade group over the company's refusal to put a link to its privacy policy on the home page of Google.com, I discovered that there is actually a California law on the subject.
The California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003 requires the operator of a commercial Web site that collects personal information about users to “conspicuously post its privacy policy on its Web site.”
How conspicuously? The site needs to link to the policy “located on the homepage or first significant page after entering the Web site.” And the law has some rules for how prominent the link must be.
Google certainly knows about the law. Just before it took effect in 2004, the Mountain View, Calif.-based company expanded the disclosures in its privacy policy in order to comply, according to a report by CNet.
Google, which wants to keep its home page very simple, puts a link to its privacy policy on a page called “About Google,” to which it links from its home page. Steve Langdon, a Google spokesman, said in an e-mail message that Google interprets the law as allowing the company to use other methods to provide notice of its privacy policy:
By having a link to our privacy policy one click from our home page, and because the privacy policy is easily found by using the search box on the home page, we comply with this statute.
I don't see any discussion of any alternatives to a home-page privacy link in published analyses of the law. For example, a 2004 analysis by the law firm Cooley Godward Kronish doesn't list any other option for conspicuous notice other than placing the privacy policy itself or a link to it on a site's home page. And the California Office of Information Security and Data Protection offers this recommendation to Web sites:
Use a conspicuous link on your home page containing the word “privacy.” Make the link conspicuous by using larger type than the surrounding text, contrasting color, or symbols that call attention to it.
I've left a phone message for and sent an e-mail message to Joanne McNabb, the chief of California's Office of Privacy Protection, seeking more clarification of the law. I'll post her response if I hear from her.
Does Google's decision to do something different really matter? Google argues that anyone who is curious about its privacy policy can simply search Google to find it. Moreover, privacy policies are more about fine print and legal mumbo jumbo than information that is really useful to people. Also, it's worth noting that Google says it makes far less use of the data it collects about its users than many other big Web companies. Yahoo and AOL, for example, display advertising based both on information provided by users and on the users' online surfing behavior. Google doesn't.
On the other hand, it doesn't seem like it would be that hard for Google to put a single seven-letter word somewhere on its home page to help those who want to know more about its privacy practices.
Privacy experts say Google is under the microscope because it collects and retains so much information about so many people.
“It wouldn't be a big privacy issue if it wasn't Google saying everyone else may be doing this but we don't need to,” said Marc Rotenberg, the director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
UPDATE (For those who like legal details):
I had asked Chris Hoofnagle, a senior fellow with the Berkeley Center for Law & Technology, to help me understand Google's argument. The company pointed out that the law presents some options that include placing the link to the privacy policy on the “first significant page” after the home page. And it allows more flexibility to “online services” than to Web sites.
Here is what Mr Hoofnagle wrote back:
Sonoma Pride: 50 breweries join Russian River's fire relief cause
Russian River Brewing Company raises money for Sonoma County fire relief through Sonoma Pride, a fundraising plan involving 50 breweries. Russian River Brewing Company raises money for Sonoma County fire relief through Sonoma Pride, a fundraising plan involving 50 breweries. Photo: Alyssa Pereira / SFGATE Photo: Alyssa Pereira / SFGATE Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Sonoma Pride: 50 breweries join Russian River's fire relief cause 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
For brewers, the week after the Great American Beer Festival in Denver should be one spent recuperating.
For those in Santa Rosa, however, it was spent in a state of anxiety. Over several days, widespread fires threatened lives, homes, and businesses, causing brewers to fear for the future.
But by week's end, the beer community would rally behind Sonoma County by way of a massive collaborative project: Sonoma Pride.
On Sunday, October 8, Third Street AleWorks brewers were coming home to Santa Rosa, expecting to celebrate their bronze medal win at GABF. It's the brewery's 13th honor, but it was Tyler Laverty's first since he became brewmaster in late 2014.
Laverty was to announce the win at work the next day, but instead he woke up to his phone dinging at 1 a.m. Confused by a text asking if he was safe, he peered out the windows. Behind the house, in the distance, he noticed a glowing red hillside. Through the front window, he saw another blaze not far off. "I woke (the family) up and said, let's get going."
Annadel Pale Ale takes Bronze in Classic English Style Pale Ale at the Great American Beer Festival!!! Posted by Third Street Aleworks on Saturday, October 7, 2017
Another Santa Rosa resident, Natalie Cilurzo, kept waking up to the smell of smoke. She had seen on the nightly news earlier that a fire flared near Calistoga, but she wasn't worried about flames reaching the downtown home she shared with her husband and Russian River Brewing Company business partner, Vinnie. They too had returned that day from the Denver festival; they were planning to move into their new house the next day.
At 4 a.m., she was startled awake again by the smoke. Vinnie was already sitting up in bed. "Do you have the remote?" he asked. Switching on the news, as she recalls, summoned reports of "smoke and ash and wind and terror." The fires were now in Santa Rosa.
An hour later, in Sebastopol, Moonlight Brewing Company owner Brian Hunt was woken by a worried call. Groggily, he started the computer. "Oh my God," he thought.
Hunt has fire-fighting training, so he didn't wait around; instead, he headed towards the Tubbs Fire. "I could see in the distance the light of flames," he remembers. "It was pretty obvious where I was needed."
Trying to stay out of the way of fire crews, Hunt used shovels and garden hoses to keep stray embers from starting new blazes. He was worried about the safety of his family and his employees first — much more so than the status of his 25-year-old Santa Rosa brewery. But when everyone was accounted for, Hunt started to reach out to his friends at neighboring brewhouses.
"I think he was trying to make sure his brewery didn't burn down," says Tyler Smith, brewer at the neighboring Cooperage Brewing Company.
With both Cooperage and Moonlight just over a mile from the soon-to-be decimated Coffey Park, Smith and Hunt were concerned about the fates of their businesses. The fire was approaching their breweries from multiple directions. But that day, they were dealt some luck.
"It was headed right to (Moonlight) and then it shifted," Hunt says. "It was a very strange emotion. I don't know what to attribute that to, but I'm very appreciative. I assumed the brewery was going to be lost, but I was there to fight the fire."
Cilurzo was relieved to find that Russian River's employees were also safe. "We didn't know, because we couldn't call and texting wasn't working," she says. "I didn't know anything other than, 'I think our city is burning down.'"
She drove to the couple's popular Russian River brewpub and posted a flyer on the door: "We're closed today due to the fires. Employees, please call us."
They opened the pub on Tuesday, just a day after fires began. It was a scramble and, she says, they "gave away the store." But it didn't matter.
"We thought, if we can get open, people can come and get information, a hot meal and a cold beer and talk to each other — which was really important — and also have access to the television."
On Wednesday, Third Street AleWorks, just a couple blocks away, reopened too. The skeleton crew fed first responders and those displaced, and tried to give locals a place to gather, hydrate, charge their phones and watch the news. Seeing the kids with their parents, the staff switched TV channels to cartoons. To Laverty, it was just the thing to do. After all, he says, "pubs were public meeting places."
Firefighters visiting Aleworks saluted and applauded by Aleworks, Santa Rosa customers!! #beer #sonomastrong #santarosa #sonomavalley #sonomacounty A post shared by Ace It Bikes Tours (@aceitbiketours) on Oct 17, 2017 at 8:06pm PDT
Sonoma Pride
By Wednesday night, Vinnie and Natalie Cilurzo at Russian River had devised a two-part plan to raise some "real" money for those affected. The first was something they said they'd never do: hold a $25-per-ticket raffle offering the chance to cut the hours-long line to get the famed once-a-year Pliny the Younger triple IPA at their brewpub. So far, the raffle alone, which will award 14 winners, has raised more than $200,000.
"If there's any time that's appropriate for this," Cilurzo says, "now is the time, because we need to make a lot of money to help our community get back on its feet."
The second part of the plan was a little more complicated. The Cilurzos decided to leverage Russian River's popularity to ask breweries to make a beer of their choice under their existing "Sonoma Pride" label, and donate all the proceeds to benefit a Sonoma County charity. It required some rapid organizing, but they were able to announce a partnership with the King Ridge Foundation on KSRO by Thursday.
"We thought it would just be the local beer community," Natalie Cilurzo says.
But it wasn't. After Rich Norgrove, brewmaster at Bear Republic in Healdsburg, got onboard, calls and emails started rolling in. One came from Third Street AleWorks.
"I got a text from Greg Coll at Fogbelt; he lost his house in the Coffey Park neighborhood," remembers Laverty. "He was asking if we were involved in the Sonoma Pride thing. He said, 'It's Vinnie and Natalie, they're trying to raise money.'"
Dozens of breweries followed thereafter, including major players like Lagunitas, Boston Beer Company and San Diego's Ballast Point. All wanted to craft their own Sonoma Pride beer, but Russian River had to cap it at 50 brewers, Cilurzo says, because they "just didn't have the bandwidth" to get through all the paperwork and divvy up donated ingredients.
"I'm not surprised (brewers) are concerned and generous; that's very typical of this industry," she says. "There's a nice camaraderie and a nice spirit, but I was surprised at how many people wanted to do something fast."
Sonoma Pride didn't stay local; Florida's Cigar City, Oregon's Boneyard Beer and even London's Beavertown Brewery joined the roster. But many others participating, like Petaluma's 101 North, Santa Rosa's Plow Brewing, Sebastopol's Crooked Goat, and Moonlight, are in the North Bay.
"The wind could've blown fire to anyone's brewery," Hunt says. "We all feel it, the whole community feels it. If you're in touch with people then how could you not want to help? You serve the public. I don't own the brewing company, the people who drink the beer own the company."
A post shared by Firestone Walker (@firestonewalker) on Oct 25, 2017 at 9:37am PDT
Now, local brewers are hoping that the people who do drink the beer will help save Sonoma County.
Russian River will release their Sonoma Pride beer, a blonde ale, at their Halloween party on October 31, and many of the others will also be tapping theirs in-house in the next couple weeks to sell at their respective taprooms.
"A lot of these breweries are like family; they're communal spaces," says Smith, who plans to tap Cooperage's Sonoma Pride pale ale at an upcoming beer dinner fundraiser. "Chances are you know someone who was affected, so it's pretty easy to find this as a worthy cause, but this definitely warranted a little more effort from all of us."
Alyssa Pereira is an SFGATE staff writer. Email her at apereira@sfchronicle.com or find her on Twitter at @alyspereira.
Oneitis/One itis: The definition, the reality, and the cure.
Before talking about Oneitis, let's talk about Emotions: a subjective, conscious experience characterized primarily by psychophysiological expressions, biological reactions, and mental states.
Emotions: what drive us and what drive us astray.
Emotions: what fucks us up the most as men Humans.
Having emotions isn't the worst part, being enslaved by them surely is.
You are a slave to your emotions, probably, you will always be. Only a selected few evade it to be free from emotional slavery, to be masters of your soul. – As appealing as that may sound, it is one of the worst things a man can do to himself, a later article on that.
Oneitis or One-itis: A Feeling that a certain girl is one of a kind, unique, and no other girl could compete with her. You think she is the perfect one for you. You can't get her out of your mind, although you didn't know her for an extended period.
Getting over Oneitis is the same as getting over your crush, going over the one that got away…, etc.
Oneitis is to be distinguished from getting over a past relationship, the period and reality of the connection between the two involved parties are the major differences here.
In the case of Oneitis, the relationship is very one-sided and very imaginary.
And the period is of actual contact between you and the girl is short in total.
Oneitis happens when you involve your emotions too often too early .
It varies in forms and degrees; from a newbie getting obsessed over a girl who doesn't even know he exists, to a Supreme Man who had hundreds of 10's in his life and can bed any girl effortlessly.
brain Damns that fucker inside your skull you call “,” he likes to fuck things up from time to time.
I‘ll go briefly on all main stages and degrees of Oneitis. I'll link some stories from other Supreme Men who shared their experience with this self-inflicted disease.
When you haven't slept with a girl yet and you are laying in bed thinking about her.
You are exhibiting symptoms of Oneitis.
When you had met a girl, chatted a bit, later she started ignoring you, and you tried harder to get her attention back.
You have a minor case of Oneitis. It would get worse with time unless you treat it carefully.
When you haven't slept with a girl yet, and you are laying in bed thinking of her in a romantic non-sexual way.
You are very close to catching Oneitis.
When you aren't in a relationship with a girl but you think of her all the time. Get nervous before you speak to her. Stalk her around/Online and get jealous\anxious when someone talks to her.
You have a severe case of Oneitis, and the severity depends on time spent feeling these emotions.
Oneitis is dangerous because most men enjoy having it, they refuse to give up on it until it becomes hardly treatable and self-destructive.
It is pretty easy to prevent 99% of Oneitis cases, but the remaining 1% is usually very severe and hard to handle.
The prevention consists of:
1- Never keep a girl in your mind for an extended period, if not at all: a Supreme Man should be leading an exciting life full of activities and have no place or time for pathetic fantasies.
2- Never limit your contact to a single girl or a selected few: always have many cards on your table. Even if you met a special girl or not. Supreme men always have options or strive to provide “options.”
3- Value second chances: if a girl ignored your text/phone call once, for whatever reason, cut all contact for at least a week.- Yes, you risk losing her, but she already risked losing you when she ignored you
If she didn't care enough to re-initiate contact soon, then it is a sure sign she will ignore you again if you tried to communicate with her. – Understand that when a girl loses attractions towards you, investing more will make it even worse, excellent tips on this later.
No contact after the second time ignoring you? Drop it all and work on another gal.– a trick to deal with that later.
4-Never ask anyone on how to get a girl that have been ignoring you: don't post it on forums. Don't seek help at all. That is a sure way to Oneitis and a scarred self-esteem.
THE MORE YOU INVEST INTO MAKING SOMETHING WORK, THE MORE IT WILL SEEM MORE VALUABLE TO YOU
For the love of God, understand this, if a girl is ignoring you, there is no amount of game/routines you can throw her way to get her attention back. The more you try, the worse it will get. It is not what you say; it is the image of you in her head.
Chasing is needy; you will lose your value in her eyes, and ruin any chances to get back together in the future.
JUST WALK AWAY AND NEVER LOOK BACK.
5-Scarcity: there are 7 billion people on earth, 3 billion chicks, 1.5 billion between the age of 18 and 30, 700 million bangable and 50 million are single and reasonably within your reach. Play your numbers, SHE IS NOT THE ONLY ONE!
6- Understand that Soulmate is a complete myth: the myth of “that one special girl,” you should know by now that it is a complete and total nonsense. If there is a soul for Oneitis, it would be this idea. The world is filled with awesome girls that you have access to and can bring into your life. Yes, there a selected few girls in the world that are unusual and hard to find. And these exact girls are the ones you do not want in your life. It is not about how good she is; all girls can be insanely awesome. It is how bad she can get; that is the thing you base your filters on- more on that later.
You have to value yourself, your time, and your presence to prevent 99% of this “disease.”
As for the remaining 1% of the cases, I can't list simple steps to prevent those. It is a very rare, undefined type of Oneitis, but it happens to the best of us.
As for the cure, there aren't any pills yo can swallow to take that pain away.
Yes, as faggy as that sound, it is painful, it is one of the worst feelings a man can experience.
Many treatment options available, it might cure it, or just reduce the symptoms.
The most common:
Bang lots and lots of girls.
Some cases take around ten girls to fade completely, some take less, and some take way more.
You can read about My Case of Oneitis, Titled While She Was Dancing In The Water (Read HERE).
Other Treatment Option includes:
Channel that energy, and use it for something else.
I would recommend you to channel all those feeling into anger.
Yes, anger, not the scream&break shit kind of anger, but the silent, determined with a devilish look on your face kind of anger, the one that you use to heat up the fire inside you, the fire of supremacy.
Use it, whether you were hurt, whether your heart was torn out of your chest in the most brutal way possible, Use it.
Use it, light a fire to burn you into someone better, push you to a higher level of self, of dominance, of success.
If I met the girl in my Oneitis case, I wouldn't be mad at her; I am appreciative of her for causing that to me.
You see, whenever a wuss starts to grow silently inside of you, only a girl can point it out and reveal it in the clearest way possible.
Only girls can see your hidden flaws; only girls can point them out for you. For you to forge a harder better self.
If you are feeling the heaviness of a Oneitis, I hope this will help
There is an infinite amount of women in this world, more than you will ever be able to meet in a single lifetime.
great girls you. You are in love with the illusion of her and not her per Se. You are addicted to that image of her you created while mentally masturbating in your romantic fantasies. Those times you imagined her with you on a beach in a romantic setting is what caused your mind all this addiction, that is not her, she is probably not like that. She is not perfect or even close to perfection. Most of them areand would be perfect as long time partner if that is your aim. That one girl is not special; that was only you mind-fuckingyou. You are in love with the illusion of her and not her per Se. You are addicted to that image of her you created while mentally masturbating in your romantic fantasies. Those times you imagined her with you on a beach in a romantic setting is what caused your mind all this addiction, that is not her, she is probably not like that. She is not perfect or even close to perfection.
You will meet someone better or at least equal to her, just keep going. It sucks a lot. I know it! But fuck, this is one of those hard, amazing lessons of life. Nothing last forever, cherish the time you have, don't waste it replaying memories or imagining scenarios that probably would never happen. She is 100% not thinking of you right now.
Take a look at yourself, smile, give yourself a pat on the pack. You survived this and now you have grown a bit.
To Recap In Short Lines,
How To Get Over Oneitis?
1-Understand that The more you invest into making something work, the more that something will seem special and valuable to you, be aware of that illusion.
2-Don't go into scarcity mindset, there are girls in the world that are as awesome and as pretty as she is.
3- Value the limited time you have on this earth and understand that there are better things to do than just feeling sorry for yourself.
4- Meet other girls, and give them a chance to be themselves without comparing them to the girl from your oneitis case.
5- Understand that the feelings you are feeling are real, yet they will go away, use that hurt and channel it into something useful.
Share the wisdom Gentlemen, Help those in need.
Spread The Word: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Reddit
Pocket
The situation in hyperinflating socialist paradise Venezuela just moved one step closer to chaotic totalitarianism. With President Maduro clinging to power (thanks to his military 'assistance') amid growing social unrest (1.8 million signatures gathered seeking a referendum to remove him), FoxNews Latino reports German Mavare, leader of the opposition UNT party, died Friday after being shot in the head, asassinated in the western state of Lara, according to his organisation. Maduro has appeared on State TV tying Mavare to "armed groups" and suggested that more right-wing politicians are potential targets.
The Venezuelan people are growing increasingly angry at the nightmare of economic squallor Nicolas Maduro appears to have laid at their door (thanks in large part to an overly-generous socialist agenda runnining out of other people's petrodollars)...
In less than a week, more than 1.8 million people in Venezuela signed petitions seeking a referendum to remove President Nicolas Maduro from office. That's nine times the required 200,000 signatures. The opposition said in a statement they delivered the petitions in 80 sealed boxes early Monday morning without notifying the media to avoid potential clashes with Maduro's supporters. Ousting Maduro will not be an easy task despite his approval rating plummeting amid triple-digit inflation, widespread food shortages and near-daily power blackouts. Recent polls suggest two-thirds of Venezuelans want him out. If the National Electoral Council verifies the signatures in the coming days, it would trigger a second petition drive during which 20 percent of the electorate, almost 4 million people, would have to sign before a referendum could be scheduled on removing Maduro before his term ends in 2019. If a vote were held, the president would be removed only if the number of anti-Maduro votes exceeded the 7.6 million votes he received in the 2013 election. In December's parliamentary elections, opposition candidates mustered only 7.7 million even though they won control of the legislature by a landslide.
President Maduro has recently dug in against what he calls opposition attempts to destabilize Venezuela...
"If the oligarchy were to do something against me and take this palace by one means or another, I order you, men and women of the working class, to declare yourselves in rebellion and undertake an indefinite strike."
And now, it appears 'someone' has "rebelled"... Venezuelan politician German Mavare, leader of the opposition UNT party, died on Friday after being shot in the head, an assassination that occurred in the western state of Lara, his organization said.
"The board of the UNT expresses its deepest sorrow for the slaying of colleague German Mavare. We demand justice and an end to violence," was the message posted on the Twitter account of the UNT party, headed by jailed ex-presidential candidate and former governor of Zulia state, Manuel Rosales.
The mayor of Iribarren in Lara state, Alfredo Ramos, said on his Twitter account minutes after the incident occurred before dawn Friday: "German Mavare, of the popular urbanization of Carucieña, a tireless fighter for social causes, has just been hit by a bullet in the head."
For his part, Luis Florido, an opposition lawmaker of the Voluntad Popular party, said on Twitter: "German Mavare died. A red bullet ended his life. Politics today is high risk. We demand an investigation of the case #NoMoreViolence #Lara".
The authorities have not yet issued a statement about the matter. Bloomberg reports that Maduro, speaking on on state television, said:
“The people we captured are talking and more than one far right-wing politician is mentioned." "Authorities this week killed leaders of armed groups with ties to paramilitaries." "Government is pursuing armed groups."
In conclusion, things just went to 11 on the spinal tap amplifier of failed-state-ness, and we leave it to R. Evan Ellis to discuss what happens next,
Man shot, killed by APD officer in Southwest Austin Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved David Allen Lepine, 62. (DPS Photo) [ + - ] Video
AUSTIN (KXAN) - An Austin police officer killed a 62-year-old man during a foot chase in Southwest Austin late Saturday night according to APD.
During a 5:30 a.m. press briefing Sunday, Austin police said a woman called 911 around 11:30 p.m. Saturday to report a man was following her.
Police went to David Lepine's home in the 9400 block of Claxton Drive, which is off U.S. Highway 290 in the Oak Hill area. He came outside and was talking to officers, who say they noticed blood on his clothing and in several places on his pickup truck. Police say they asked Lepine why there was blood on his truck but said he was not able to give them an answer.
During the course of the conversation, the man took off running. Police say video from the officer's patrol car shows the man reached down to his waistband for a weapon prior to being shot. Neighbors said they heard two bangs the believe were the gunshots.
"We do have a weapon that is on the scene in close proximity to where the deceased is lying," Assistant Chief Brian Manley said.
Police confirm the weapon is a firearm, but at the time of the briefing, detectives had not yet determined the make or model. The truck with blood on it will be taken in for further evidence analysis, according to Manley.
No one else was injured, and police say the woman who originally called 911 was not hurt.
The officer involved, Patrick Cheatham, has been with the Austin Police Department about a year and went through the Department's modified training. Prior to APD, Cheatham was with the Hays County Sheriff's Office and Buda Police Department.
This is the third time an APD officer has shot and killed someone in the past week. On July 5, Austin police officers were involved in a shootout at the Downtown Austin Omni Hotel that left a gunman dead. That same morning, there was a separate deadly shooting where three police officers shot and killed a man at a house in North Austin, after they say the suicidal man pointed a gun at police.
"Although three have happened in very close proximity to each other, they are independent of each other and not any part of a pattern. So, there's no connection," said Manley.
APD's Internal Affairs Division will be investigating all three recent shootings, along with the Office of the Police Monitor. The cases will eventually be presented to a Travis County grand jury.
So far in 2015, Austin police officers have opened fire on seven people. There were a total of three cases in 2014.
Butler's Jones, Xavier's Sumner Earn Weekly MBB Honors
– Butler forward Roosevelt Jones, who led the Bulldogs to a victory over previously unbeaten Purdue, has been named BIG EAST Player of the Week. Xavier guard Edmond Sumner helped the 11-0 Musketeers to a win over Auburn and was selected BIG EAST Rookie of the Week.Jones led Butler to a 74-68 win over previously unbeaten No. 9/8 Purdue by posting 19 points, 11 rebounds and five assists. His defensive effort helped the Bulldogs force the Boilermakers into 8-of-31 shooting from the perimeter. Jones is averaging 13.7 points, 7.8 rebounds and 5.4 assists.In only 20 minutes of play, Sumner recorded 13 points, six rebounds and five assists in an 85-61 victory over Auburn. He made 3-of-5 shots from 3-point range. Sumner is averaging 10.8 points and 3.5 assists this season.Tied a career high with 17 points and had six rebounds, four assists and four steals in a 74-68 win against No. 9/8 Purdue.Scored 19 points and added seven assists, five rebounds and two steals in a loss at No. 3/3 Oklahoma.Posted 19 points, 12 rebounds, two blocked shots and two steals in a 73-65 victory over Rider.Scored all of his team-high 18 points after halftime to help the Pirates rally to an 80-76 overtime victory over Wichita State.Had a season-high 18 points on 7-of-9 shooting from the floor and pulled down six rebounds in an 85-61 win over Auburn. Played only 21 minutes.
McAfee Antivirus Internet Connection/Unusable Problems
McAfee is significantly superior (with exceptions) in detecting and repairing DNS conflicting type malware (DNSChanger) and I often present their product examples when speaking about DNS repair publicly. With having said this, there are serious bugs in McAffe's software, which can cause two of these problems detailed below:
McAfee Antivirus users may experience a loss in internet connectivity. McAfee becomes unusable and causes mcagent.exe to crash.
These problems affect all McAfee suites and the VirusScan products on Microsoft Windows XP, Vista, and 7.
McAfee is aware and has since updated a file that has caused issues with McAfee antivirus products and disruption to some customers' Internet service, which they headline on their website http://home.mcafee.com/ (pictured below).
Though this is an unfortunate issue for McAffee and McAfee customers there are simple ways to repair this issue and get McAfee back and running again. Unfortunately (as well), this must be manually operated by the customer.
How To Repair Internet Access And Usability
There are 3 solutions to repair internet connectivity (if needed) and update your McAfee products. If you do NOT have access to the internet please see solution 1. If you DO have connection to the internet please see solution 2.
Source: http://service.mcafee.com/faq/TS101446.htm
Solution 1
If you do not have access to the Internet, please use this process to fix the problem.
If you do have Internet access, go directly to Solution 2.
Restart your system in Safe mode with Networking by doing the following: Save your data and close all open programs. Restart you computer.When it is starting, press and hold the F8 key until you enter the Advanced Boot menu.NOTE: Faster systems may start before you can press the F8 key. If you are unsuccessful in entering Safe Mode and your computer turns on normally, turn off the computer, press and hold the F8 Key while turning power button back on. (This may take more than a minute.) When the Advanced Boot menu appears, use the arrow keys on your keyboard to select Safe Mode with Networking and then press ENTER. When Windows finishes starting in Safe mode, open Internet Explorer and try going to a few well-known web pages. If you can successfully get to the Internet, continue to Solution 2 .
. If you are still cannot access the Internet, go to the steps in Solution 3.
Solution 2
Run the McERTFix tool to fix the issue.
To download and run the tool:
Launch a web browser and go to: http://download.mcafee.com/products/licensed/cust_support_patches/6807standalonetool.zip Save the file to your desktop. Right-click 6807standalonetool.zip, select Extract all, and choose the location where you want to save the files. Open the folder where you extracted the files. McERTFixWrap.exe to launch the tool. NOTE: Windows Vista and 7 users may be prompted to allow the application to run. Click Yes in the User Account Control dialog if prompted. The tool will run silently and may take several minutes to complete. When the tool completes, you will be prompted to reboot the computer. When the computer restarts, it may take several minutes for Internet connectivity to be restored.
To ensure that your McAfee software is working properly:
After the computer restarts please confirm the following:
You can access Internet resources by going to familiar web pages.
You can open the McAfee SecurityCenter by double-clicking the M icon in the Windows system tray.
icon in the Windows system tray. When McAfee Security Center opens, the status bar should be green and state that “Your computer is secure”.
Ensure that an update will complete successfully: Click the Updates drawer. Click Check for Updates .
Run a quick scan
After you have confirmed Internet access and updated the software, perform a quick scan:
Double-click on the M icon in the Windows system tray. Click the Real-Time Scanning drawer. Click the Scan your PC option. Click Run a quick scan.
After you have confirmed that the tool was successful, delete the tool and any associated files from your computer. McAfee recommends that you visit the Technical Support area of http://service.mcafee.com and run the McAfee Virtual Technician tool to ensure that your product is functioning correctly
If you still receive errors, go to Solution 3.
Solution 3
If you are unable to resolve the issue using Workaround 2, uninstall and reinstall your McAfee products.
Uninstall your McAfee consumer products using Add/Remove Programs in the Windows Control Panel: Windows Vista and 7 Click Start or the Windows orb (located on the bottom left of your screen). In Search box, type Programs and Features , and click Go . Double-click Programs and Features Select McAfee SecurityCenter , click Uninstall , and follow any on-screen prompts.
Windows XP Click Start (located on the bottom left of your screen). Select Settings and go to Control Panel . Double-click Add or Remove Programs . Select McAfee SecurityCenter , click Remove , and follow any on-screen prompts.
When the uninstallation completes, restart your computer. When your computer restarts, go to http://home.mcafee.com and log in to download your products. For instructions on how to reinstall your McAfee products, see TS100342. IMPORTANT: If your security products are provided by a broadband Internet Service Provider (ISP), such as AT&T, Comcast, and Time Warner, please log in to the account for your ISP to download and reinstall the current McAfee software. When your products are reinstalled, check the DAT version and ensure that it shows 6809 or later.
If you have issues removing the product from the Control Panel, run the McAfee Consumer Product Removal (MCPR) tool, then re-install your products.
Download the latest version of the MCPR tool from the following location:http://download.mcafee.com/products/licensed/cust_support_patches/MCPR.exe IMPORTANT: The MCPR tool is updated periodically when new McAfee updates and products are released. Always download a new copy of the MCPR tool before you use it to uninstall your product. Navigate to the folder where you saved the file and double-click MCPR.exe. NOTE: Windows Vista and 7 users, right-click MCPR.exe and select Run as Administrator. If you receive a User Account Control dialog, click Yes to allow the program to run. At the McAfee Software Removal screen, click Next. At the End User License Agreement (EULA) dialog, click Next to accept the agreement When prompted, type the CAPTCHA information to validate application security and click Next. If you have Family Protection installed, type your Administrator user name and password, then click Next.If you are unable to authenticate, follow the on-screen instructions to obtain an uninstallation code. When you receive the message CleanUp Successful, restart your computer to complete the uninstallation. When your computer restarts, go to http://home.mcafee.com and log in to download your products. For instructions on how to reinstall your McAfee products, see TS100342. IMPORTANT: If your security products are provided by a broadband Internet Service Provider (ISP), such as AT&T, Comcast, and Time Warner, please log in to the account for your ISP to download and reinstall the current McAfee software.
McAfee recommends that you visit the Technical Support area of http://service.mcafee.com and run the McAfee Virtual Technician tool to ensure that your product is functioning correctly.
Iran is a multi-ethnic country, a patchwork rug of ethnic and religious minorities. Apart from Persians, Azeris, Lurs, Bakhtiaris, Kurds, Arabs, Balochs and Turkmens all live in Iran. Most ethnic minorities are persecuted - they cannot practice their traditions and religion. However, their votes are important and that's why their rights often form one of the main themes of the electoral campaigns.
No presidential candidate is prepared to alienate Iran's ethnic minorities for this reason. "It's an unforgivable sin to see minorities in Iran as a threat," Tehran's conservative mayor, Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf, recently said in a speech to nomadic Bakhtiaris in central Iran. He is one of eight candidates the Guardian Council of the Constitution has allowed to run in the elections.
Sunnis are not allowed to run for presidency and yet are an important force in Iran
The Ahwaz-based political expert Nawid Ghaemi agrees that minorities are an important factor in the upcoming elections. The three biggest groups - the Azeris, the Lurs and the Bakhtiaris - make up almost 50 percent of the electorate.
However, they are Shiite and can put forward their own candidate, as opposed to the Sunni Kurds, Balochs or Turkmens. Article 115 of Iran's constitution states that only those who follow the country's "official religion" can become president. According to official statistics, some 90 percent of the Iranian population is Shiite, just below 10 percent are Sunni and the rest is made up of non-Muslims.
'A mistake'
Abdul Hamid, a Sunni imam in Zahedan, has criticized the fact that the Iranian electoral authority and the Guardian Council won't allow a Sunni to run for president. "It is one of the biggest mistakes of our constitution that only a Shiite can be president. Iran belongs to everyone. There shouldn't be any difference between people and between Sunnis and Shiites," he told a crowd of Sunnis.
Hassan Amini, a Kurdish cleric from northern Iran, told DW he thought the law was undemocratic and humiliating. "In the past 34 years, not one Sunni has run for the presidency. Nonetheless, we will vote and vote for someone who recognizes and defends the rights of ethnic and religious minorities. We are voting for the candidates' politics."
There are about two million Turkmens in Iran
Abdul Sattar Doshoki, head of the Baluchistan Research Centre in London, told DW that only Ayatollah Ali Khamenei could make decisions on the rights of minorities in Iran. He said he hoped the political atmosphere in regions where minorities live would improve after the elections. "If the votes are not manipulated this time, ethnic and religious minorities could play a decisive role in the Iranian presidential elections."
Update: ISRO successfully launched the GSLV Mk III on Monday, June 5.
At 5:28 pm on June 5, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) will attempt to launch the Mk III variant of its Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV). It will be an historic occasion for the country's space programme. The Mk III is ISRO's most muscular launch vehicle to date, being able to lift 4,000 kg of payloads to the geostationary transfer orbit (GTO) and 10,000 kg to the low-Earth orbit. These capacities have been enabled by a third stage powered by an indigenous cryogenic engine, the development of which has engaged ISRO's best for over two decades. Naturally, the success of this rocket will mean a lot to India, in a variety of ways that can be difficult to assimilate.
So The Wire asked five experts – in space policy, space science, commercial spaceflight, geopolitics and journalism – to chip in. Their comments, edited for clarity, are presented below.
Rajeshwari Rajagopalan Pillai, Senior fellow and Head, Nuclear & Space Policy Initiative, Observer Research Foundation, New Delhi
The GSLV Mk III launch slated for early June, which will showcase ISRO's fully indigenous cryogenic upper stage, is a major achievement for India. So far, India has relied on the French Ariane 5 rocket to launch its heavy satellites and it has remained an important component of India-France space cooperation. Two decades ago, this technology was denied to India by the Soviet Union under pressure from the US. Export controls on strategic technologies were used to prevent India from developing missile or nuclear technology. Today, the equations have changed and India is on the other side of the table.
Since the early 2000s, the rationale of technology export control regimes and its dynamics have undergone some change. Despite technology controls, the West, and the US in particular, had to recognise the new reality, that they could not entirely control the spread of technology. But more importantly, changing global political dynamics, especially the rise of China, provided new impetus to the US to change these regimes to include others, such as India, with which there was common interest regarding China.
At a practical level, India's development of the GSLV Mk III, capable of launching four-tonne satellites into geostationary orbit, relieves India of dependency on foreign players to launch its heavy satellites. This has been an expensive proposition: the launch cost of heavy payloads is estimated to cost upwards of Rs 400 crore. A successful GSLV Mk III test can make India somewhat self-reliant in launching heavier communication satellites. Some of the other launchers in the market, such as Ariane 5 and the Delta IV Heavy, can launch even heavier payloads, of course.
India's capability to launch heavy satellites also has significant positive commercial spin-offs. This will make India an important player in the multibillion-dollar global satellite launch market, making India a cost effective and reliable partner for heavy satellite launches, generating additional revenue for ISRO. Given that the future satellite launch market will have a big focus on heavy communication satellites, India has a strong incentive to master this launch vehicle, as it has done with its PSLV. The heavy launcher has the potential also to be used in a future Indian human space programme, even though it is not clear that a political decision on whether India wants to do one or not has been taken yet. Lastly, the enhanced launch capability builds up India's potential to undertake deep space exploration more seriously.
Rajaram Nagappa, Visiting professor, National Institute of Advanced Studies, Bengaluru
On the heels of the successful launch of the South Asia Satellite on May 5, 2017, ISRO is gearing up for the maiden flight of its four-tonne class GSLV Mk III vehicle in early June. The vehicle will launch the 3,200-kg GSAT 19 satellite, which will carry communication, scientific and experimental payloads. The launch will bring to fruition the efforts put in by the scientists and engineers of ISRO in realising the GSLV Mk III. Having said that, the vehicle development has been substantially delayed from the initial estimate. The first launch of GSLV Mk III was expected to happen in the 2011-2012 timeframe as per the Department of Space Annual Report of 2009-2010.
The GSLV Mk III lower stages are derived from proven technologies of PSLV and GSLV. The cryogenic third stage, C25, however, uses elements of technology different from the cryogenic upper stage (CUS) of the GSLV Mk II. The CUS employs a staged combustion cycle. The C25 on the other hand employs a gas generator cycle. The gas generator cycle has a lower specific impulse (of the order of 4%) but is less complicated and provides a certain level of flexibility in testing. The lower performance with lesser complexity of the stage engineering seems to be a conscious trade-off. The GTO capability of the launcher is now pegged at four tonnes.
It is seen from newspaper reports that integration of the vehicle has commenced. The GSLV Mk III D1 launcher [that will be launched on June 5] will carry the 3,200-kg GSAT-19 satellite (with Ku and Ka band payloads), scientific experiments and an indigenous lithium-ion battery. Knowing the ISRO culture of documentation, strict adherence to laid out processes and the rigour of design/flight readiness reviews, one can expect a successful mission outcome.
However, there is still a gap between transponder requirement and availability. To bridge the gap, heavier satellites carrying more number of transponders as well as increase in launch frequency will be called for. S. Chandrashekar has studied the international communication satellites launched during 2005-2015. His findings indicate that 12% of the satellites fall in the <2,500-kg category; 30% in the 2,500-4,200-kg category; 27% in the 4,200-5,400-kg category; and 31% in the very heavy 5,400+ kg category. This trend is witnessed in ISRO satellites as well. Of the twelve GSATs flown since 2010, five are in 3,000+ kg category. The GSAT-11 under assembly at the ISRO Satellite Centre weighs 5,700 kg and is beyond the GSLV Mk III's capability. The following suggestions are pertinent in this regard:
Close GSLV Mk II after GSLV Mk-III enters operational phase
Increase Mk-III production capacity through an ISRO plan for involving industry in a significant way in space production/operation activities
GSAT-19 carries a bus system experiment in electric propulsion. Substitution of chemical propulsion with electric propulsion in spacecraft must be done on priority.
Growth options of GSLV Mk III must be exercised
Jayant Murthy, Senior professor, Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Bengaluru
Scientists always want bigger and better. The primary mirror for the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) is 30 metres wide, with even larger mirrors in the offing. Contrast this with the 2.4-metre telescope on the Hubble Space Telescope, with a mirror weight (alone) of 800 kg and a spacecraft weight of 11 tonnes. Our own flagship Astrosat spacecraft has a mass of only 1.6 tonnes and the Ultraviolet Imaging Telescope has a mirror diameter of only 35 cm. Clearly, we have much ground to cover. The additional lifting capacity of the GSLV Mk III launcher will let us start planning for more ambitious missions with larger mirrors and more advanced instrumentation. The greater lifting power also allows for planetary missions with more sophistication than the relatively underpowered instruments on Chandrayaan and the Mars Orbiter Mission.
The Indian astronomy community has several goals that require more than the PSLV. The first might be a successor to Astrosat. We have now begun to exploit the capabilities of the Astrosat mission and are already missing opportunities because we don't have the larger and more specialised instrument – perhaps an ultraviolet spectrograph – to follow-up on some of the exciting discoveries. We are expanding heavily into solar physics, with the National Large Solar Telescope (NLST) and the complement of experiments on Aditya, a solar observatory. A possible follow-up might be an observatory to observe the solar poles, but this requires more energy and will not be possible with the PSLV. Finally, there has been considerable interest in Mars since the discovery that there were once large amounts of water on the planet and that it is possible that primitive life may be hiding somewhere on the surface.
Unfortunately, these require a commitment to science that has not been shown by ISRO or the government in the past. Investment in an energetic space exploration pushes the boundaries of feasibility and seeds the revolutions of the future. A dedicated science plan involving the GSLVs and their eventual successors would pay rich dividends.
R. Ramachandran, journalist, Frontline
The new beast from ISRO's stable, the GSLV Mk III a.k.a. LVM-3, standing on the launchpad at the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota to be launched on June 5, is a testimony to the decades of perseverance of ISRO scientists to master the complex cryogenic combustion technology. ISRO's decision in the late 1980s to abandon its indigenous cryogenic engine development programme – ready in 1984 with a 15-volume report for a 12-tonne-thrust engine, and to acquire the technology from Russia instead – has proved costly. The resulting setback was for about a decade and a half. This is really significant if you are looking to capture a share of the global market in the heavier than INSAT-class satellite-segment.
ISRO's internal think-tank, responsible for tracking technical trends and international affairs and nurtured by former ISRO chief Satish Dhawan, had warned that significant hurdles to technology acquisition would crop up through the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR), constituted in 1987. ISRO paid no heed to it and went ahead to sign a deal with Glavkosmos. The latter, as we now know, subsequently reneged on the agreement under the pressure of sanctions from the US, which had masterminded the MTCR.
Having acquired seven off-the-shelf engines from Russia, and having spent a lot of money on it, the route to indigenous development of the cryogenic engine became defined almost as a fait accompli. Developing the GSLV Mk I provided firsthand experience in handling cryogenic propellants, with feed and monitoring systems suited to the design of the Russian engines. However, the vehicle turned out to have a success rate of one in three – so not very successful.
The indigenisation (or reverse engineering) of the cryogenic stage that followed – based on data and drawings that had been acquired before the deal imploded – was not easy, especially because of the complex staged combustion cycle (SCC) that the Russian design used, instead of the gas generator cycle (GGC) that ISRO scientists were familiar with. Nonetheless, the rocket that was built as a result, the GSLV Mk II, achieved a success rate of 80% and stood as testimony to the skill of ISRO scientists to master difficult and diverse technologies.
However, the Mk III is a different animal altogether. For its CE20 engine, ISRO decided to return to the GCC route because of the flexibility of control it offered. Engineers also did away with the twin vernier engines, used to control the trajectory of the rocket while the main engine provided the thrust, that the Russian design had persisted with.
So, the long and complicated route that ISRO has taken to achieve its goal, whose beginnings date to 1971, was like – as a Tamil saying goes – touching the nose by taking the hand around the head instead of doing it straight. If only the organisation had not ignored the warnings from within its ranks, it might have got to this stage a while ago. This lesson also underlines the importance of understanding international geopolitics in science and technology affairs.
Gagan Agrawal, analyst, Northern Sky Research (India); ex-ISRO (launch vehicle technology)
Demand and supply is of key importance in the open market for commercial satellite launches, and commercial spaceflight is an area in which ISRO aspires to do well in the medium to long term. The Mk III, with its ability to lift over 3,500 kg to the GTO, assumes pole position in ISRO's plan to cater to both domestic and international markets.
From a domestic perspective, there are two principal problems. First: Being able to launch payloads of 3-4 tonnes will reduce India's dependence on foreign nations to launch home-built satellites. Currently, the European company Arianespace is being used to launch many of India's GTO satellites. Second: the communications market has been limited by the number of transponders available in Indian skies. So focusing on increasing the Mk III's payload size to 4-5 tonnes will be key in determining whether ISRO can push the transponder envelope to greater than 48 per satellite and launch them onboard a domestic vehicle in the future. Overall, the domestic capability would augur well for ISRO – not just with respect to the 40-50% savings on launch costs but also on the R&D and human capital gained from the project.
From an international perspective, the commercial market traditionally supports a maximum of three players, with a few peripheral players. This leaves little room for the GSLV MK II or even the MK III to compete. Currently, the world's main launch vehicles are Ariane 5, Soyuz, Falcon 9 and ULA's Delta/Atlas. Newer vehicles anticipated from the stables of Arianespace and Blue Origin and the market is getting more crowded. So with the bulk of the satellite communication launch demand today served by Ariane 5 and Falcon 9, it is their space that the Mk III will have to penetrate. It remains to be seen if this will happen – especially by also remaining as a lower-cost option. For starters, a good success rate like its predecessor, the Mk II, will go a long way in establishing international confidence in the Mk III to launch medium- to high-range communications satellites.
And in the aftermath of such success, ISRO is bound to place fewer orders to launch geosynchronous satellite launches that have been historically addressed by Arianespace. Its rise could also signal the emergence of a new, competitive option that fledgling space nations could look up to, other than the US, Russia, Europe and China.
Highly secretive talks began in 2012 to establish a new trade agreement, the Trade in Services Agreement (TISA). The group of countries negotiating TISA have given themselves an insider joke for a name: the 'Really Good Friends of Services', to signal how truly committed they are to promoting the interests of services corporations. But there is nothing funny about the sweeping, permanent restrictions on public services and regulation that could be the impact of their work.
Eliminating government's role in the delivery of services, getting rid of regulations, and allowing transnational corporations free rein sounds like the platform of a libertarian political party, a radical agenda that should be debated in public and that voters should have a say over at the ballot box. Instead, the Really Good Friends of Services have imposed unprecedented levels of secrecy on their negotiations, suppressing the public's ability to discuss the serious issues at stake. The positions TISA governments take at the bargaining table - how much they push privatisation and deregulation, whether they make concessions in sensitive areas like health, education, culture, water supply, and banking regulation - will not be made public until five years after the agreement comes into force.
This extreme secrecy seems designed so that trade officials can negotiate without regard to domestic concerns and to relieve politicians of any accountability for their role in creating TISA.
Why are transnational corporations confident they can get their agenda of deregulation and privatisation through TISA? This report focuses on how TISA could be used to accomplish their deregulatory agenda, and is meant to complement the study 'TISA versus Public Services' that examines how TISA would foster privatisation.
The objective of this report is to help overcome the secrecy and complexity surrounding the TISA negotiations in order to bring the agreement into the public sphere for democratic debate.
For more information:
Tragedy as body of autistic girl, 9, missing for days 'after running naked from California home' is found in creek
Mikaela Lynch, who had the mental capacity of a 1-year-old, had been missing since Sunday afternoon
Divers discovered her body in a creek running near family's home on Wednesday
Girl's parents say she was alone outside for an 'unknown period of time' before she ran off naked
The body of an autistic 9-year-old Northern California girl last seen running naked from her family's vacation home has been found, authorities announced.
Clearlake police say divers found Mikaela Lynch's body in a muddy creek running near the family's home on Wednesday after the child took off from the yard three days ago after left briefly unattended.
Mikaela, who had the mental capacity of a 1-year-old, had been left outside for what authorities said was an 'unknown period of time.'
Tragic end: The hunt for Mikaela Lynch, a 9-year-old autistic girl missing from her Northern California home since Sunday, ended tragically on Wednesday with divers discovering her body
Clearlake Police Chief Craig Clausen said there was no indication of foul play, but offered few other details, the Press Democrat of Santa Rosa reported. It also wasn't immediately known how long she had been in the water for.
'It's difficult to be standing here saying this,' Clausen said at a news conference.
Her family told police that Mikaela was playing with her younger brother on a trampoline around 1pm when she abruptly took off on Sunday while leaving her clothes and shoes behind. Police were told she often removed her clothes when she was hot.
Mikaela's disappearance sparked a massive search effort that included hundreds of volunteers and law enforcement officials.
After the announcement of her death, volunteers and rescuers cried, the Press Democrat reported.
'We just wanted to find that baby and bring some peace to the family,' said Fred Cox of Clearlake, who was turned away from volunteering after Mikaela was found.
On Tuesday Clearlake Police Lt. Tim Celli spoke to ABC , explaining her ability to slip outside the family's property while momentarily left unattended.
Vanished: Mikaela's family say she was playing in this vacation home's enclosed backyard when she abruptly took off through an open gate left by her younger brother
Search: Authorities originally feared the girl had run off toward the water surrounding their home, seen circled in red, but thanks to a neighbor's surveillance video believe she ran from it
'She was an in enclosed yard, there was some sort of distraction, I believe a bee in the yard, the younger brother opened the gate, went inside, and when they came back, the daughter was missing,' said Celli.
Mikaela, originally from San Francisco, was described as 'severely autistic.' She was non-verbal and didn't respond to being called making search efforts monumentally challenging.
On Sunday a diaper the girl was believed to have been wearing was located near a waterway by K-9s at least one house away, Celli told the Santa Rosa Democrat . The find prompted additional fears of her drowning.
But on Monday a neighbor's video surveillance showed the girl running up the street and away from the waterway, turning the investigation away from the water - an area initially searched by divers.
Authorities say the girl's mother, Bari Lynch, who left in search of her daughter in her truck, unknowingly trailed her daughter's path down the same road only minutes later, but without success.
Authorities say they do not believe she was abducted.
Residents were asked to look high and low for the girl with her whereabouts believed to be anywhere.
A border-crossing beer run has landed two Maple Grove bar managers in a heap of legal trouble.
In an unusual bust, undercover state investigators caught Maple Tavern illegally selling a beloved Wisconsin beer in April. The bar had tapped kegs of New Glarus Spotted Cow, a farmhouse ale that can only be sold in Wisconsin — a felony offense.
Maple Tavern owner Brandon Hlavka, 37, of St. Michael, and manager David Lantos, 28, of Brooklyn Park, were each charged Thursday with a single felony of transporting alcohol into Minnesota for resale.
Beer manufactured by New Glarus is distributed only in Wisconsin. The company is not a licensed manufacturer of alcoholic beverages in Minnesota, so it's illegal to distribute New Glarus beer to a retail establishment. Neither the bar's manager nor Maple Tavern are licensed to transport or import the alcoholic beverage into Minnesota.
The Wisconsin Department of Revenue received an anonymous tip about the alcohol-related crime and contacted Minnesota's Department of Public Safety, according to the criminal complaint. Undercover officers visited the bar on April 13, ordered Spotted Cow from the tap and secretly tested the beer, which proved stronger than 3.2 percent alcohol.
Hlavka and Lantos told investigators they wanted to sell microbrews and knew they couldn't acquire the beer from Minnesota distributors, so decided to make a run to the neighboring state, court documents show.
The men will make their first court appearance on March 2.
Maple Tavern has since been granted a new liquor license.
The New York Times, always reliably on the wrong side of every issue, always opposed to individual rights and freedom, is hitting Israel in this disgraceful and dishonest piece for opposing George Soros. It whitewashes his collaboration with the Nazis and praises him for funding J Street, which it calls “moderate.”
In reality, J Street is a front group to destroy Israel. J Street is a vile group that represents the “Jewish perspective” reflected by “Jews” such as Noam Chomsky and Norman Finklestein.
Soros assisted the Nazis, so is it any wonder he wants to destroy the Jews? If at first you don't succeed…
If you are unfamiliar with Soros's actual past, remember that, as 60 Minutes reported in 2006, “While hundreds of thousands of Hungarian Jews were being shipped off to the death camps, George Soros accompanied his phony godfather on his appointed rounds, confiscating property from the Jews.”
I have long documented the malevolent activities of Soros' evil empire all the way back to his Nazi youth, when he was confiscating the property of the Jews. Soros has said that helping the Nazis was “the happiest time of my life.”
Soros doesn't just oppose the Israeli government, as the Times claims. He opposes Israel itself: DC Leaks Publishes George Soros' Files Showing Millions Contributed to Anti-Israel Causes
“Israel's War Against George Soros,” by Mairav Zonszein, New York Times, July 17, 2017 (thanks to Mark):
JAFFA, Israel — As a Holocaust survivor, a successful financier who embraces free market capitalism and a philanthropist who champions liberal democracy, George Soros should be a darling of the Israeli establishment. But Mr. Soros has failed the only litmus test that seems to count for Israel's current leadership: unconditional support for the government, despite its policies of occupation, discrimination and disregard for civil and human rights. For years Mr. Soros largely avoided Israel-related philanthropy, but he became involved in 2008 when he contributed to J Street, a moderate pro-Israel, pro-peace lobbying group based in Washington, after it was founded. Through his Open Society Foundations, Mr. Soros also contributes to the Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem and the anti-occupation group Breaking the Silence, which have been subjected to a growing delegitimization campaign by the Israeli government. But Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, raised the stakes in this feud last week when his foreign ministry issued a statement that, in effect, backed a Hungarian government propaganda effort against Mr. Soros and joined its denunciation of him. This contradicted earlier remarks by Israel's ambassador to Hungary, Yossi Amrani, who had expressed dismay at the $21-million billboard campaign by the ruling party of Hungary's prime minister, Viktor Orban, that has targeted Mr. Soros for his support of services for refugees and immigrants. The poster campaign, which has also attracted explicitly anti-Semitic graffiti, “evokes sad memories but also sows hatred and fear,” said the ambassador, referencing the fate of Hungarian Jews in the Holocaust….
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers' contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best. Contribute Monthly - Choose One Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly
Over the weekend, USA Today published a two-part interview with Sacramento Kings owner Vivek Ranadivé, a look back on his three-and-a-half years in charge of the struggling team. I thought it was interesting—and weak—how much Ranadivé deflected the blame for just about every poor decision the team has made onto the previous regime, staffers he hired and then fired, or circumstances supposedly out of his control, and wrote about that.
Yesterday I received an email from Geoff Petrie, who ran the Kings front office from 1994 until 2013, when his contract expired shortly after Ranadivé took over the team. Petrie was the architect of those early 1990s Portland Trail Blazers teams starring Clyde Drexler and Terry Porter, as well as the early 2000s Kings teams starring Chris Webber, Peja Stojaković, and Vlade Divac. He won the NBA's Executive of the Year award twice.
Petrie wrote that Ranadivé's interview was a “sophomoric attempt at revisionist history,” and that the “representations regarding Keith Smart, myself, and our professional staff” were in fact “an ugly lie.” Today we had a conversation, which has been edited and condensed for clarity, in which we discussed Ranadivé's interview, what it was like when he bought the team from Joe and Gavin Maloof, how the Kings became bad during the end of Petrie's time in charge, and whether he has any interest in getting back into the league.
The following timeline of events might be helpful:
May 17, 2013: Joe and Gavin Maloof agree to sell the Kings to an ownership group headed by Vivek Ranadivé
Advertisement
May 27 or so: The Kings inform coach Keith Smart he won't be retained
May 30: The Kings hire Mike Malone as head coach
June 1: The sale of the Kings is made official
June 3: Mike Malone's hiring is officially announced
June 15: The Kings reach an agreement to hire Pete D'Alessandro as GM
June 27: Picking seventh, the Kings select Ben McLemore in the NBA Draft
June 30: Geoff Petrie's contract expires
Deadspin: What did you think about Vivek's interview with Sam Amick?
Geoff Petrie: Well, like I said in my email, I thought it was kind of a rambling attempt at revisionist history. A lot of what he said doesn't really ... if you look back on the three-and-a-half years that he's been the managing owner, it doesn't really fit with a lot of the history. The main reason I reached out, [the interview] is long and covered a lot of territory, but when it comes to some of the representations about myself and Keith Smart and the management group that was there at that time, it was basically totally untrue, what was represented there.
Advertisement
What were you in the front office doing in May and June 2013, which I assume is the narrow timeframe we're talking about here?
Leading up to the actual sale of the team, it was obvious the team was going to be sold. What became of the bidding match between the Ballmer group and ultimately Vivek's group, through the league office, people were concerned about their jobs, what their future was going to be, what it would hold for them. And really, we had a group of people there that had been there, and we had worked together for a long time and were part of the best heritage that the Kings have ever had in Sacramento. I brought everybody together at different occasions and said, “Look, we're going to be professional here, we're going to continue to work like we'd work any other year, we'll prepare for the draft like we would every other year, and ultimately we will assist any new people that may come in here and try and make them comfortable and get them situated.”
And that's what we did.
Did you know or suspect that you weren't going to be retained?
I told them, my contract was coming up that June anyway, and I told our group that it was time for me to move on, and regardless of where it would go, that I didn't have any intention of being a part of it.
Advertisement
Even if Pete D'Alessandro hadn't been hired and Keith Smart hadn't gotten fired, even if you had been able to build a good working relationship with the new ownership, you don't think you would've stuck around?
It is sort of a post-factual question, I can't answer that. It comes to a feeling in my own person that it was probably time for me to move on. To what? I hadn't given it a lot of thought, but I also wanted to protect the positions and the work of the people that really support the coaches and GMs and are loyal to the Kings and had been for a long time, trying to make sure they got a fair shot.
Do you know how many of those people were retained, or how they were treated, the people below the top people on the basketball side, the people most of us wouldn't have ever heard of?
Advertisement
None of them ever really ... they basically slaughtered a high percentage of them without any discussion or ... a bunch of supplicants came in after Pete was hired, and they basically cleaned house. They kept a few people, but most of them were gone within a year. And the situation with Shareef [Abdur-Rahim] was, who happens to be one of the classiest people you'll ever run across, was ... really deplorable.
The first I heard of it was in that interview, the situation with Shareef. It was portrayed as a common business disagreement or something, but you're making it sound like it was more serious than that?
The way it came across in the article is like [Ranadivé] came in there and there was nobody there, nobody wanted to be there. Keith Smart wanted to be there! He had a year left on his contract. He didn't get a discussion or an interview, he got a 90-second phone call in his car that they weren't going to keep him. How do you arrive at a statement that he didn't want to be there?
Advertisement
And during that time Keith was showing up at the facility and doing his job and all that stuff?
Yeah, and I think you probably know this, but they hired Mike [Malone], and he came in and started hiring his staff, and you can call him and talk to him. He made any number of public comments about how impressed he was with the professionalism of our group and how helpful people were. We took all of our draft information, statistical information, put it all on iPads and gave it to him and other people so they would have it. We had ongoing draft workouts, we had them scheduled. We went over to Greece to scout Giannis [Antetokounmpo], the kid that Milwaukee took. We had a workout set up for him to come in, highly recommended that they work this kid out, and of course they didn't.
The thing about this particular part of the interview, it's just totally untrue. The idea that everybody wanted to ... that there was nobody there to do any work. These are people that spent 10, 15, 20 years working for the Kings, who were part of the most successful period they ever had, and they're now, it's like, “because they don't matter anymore, I can say anything I want about them.”
Advertisement
Is that why you think Vivek said these things?
I only had about an 8 or 10-minute little meeting with him. I found him to be a very arrogant and dismissive little chap. He doesn't seem to understand that he owns it. He was the one that came in with Basketball 3.0, and changing the culture, “I have the smartest guys in the room, they're four steps ahead of everybody else, I have 80 gigs of data, nobody else has that.” Well, okay, you know?
Vivek talks about how he hired Mike Malone, but seems to say that he got advice from outside people and it wasn't his full decision. Did you have any involvement in the hiring of Mike Malone or Pete D'Alessandro?
Advertisement
I was just focused on primarily helping Mike get situated. Once Pete got hired, which was somewhere around the middle or third week of June, it was a little bit before the draft but somewhere in there, but my tenure was pretty much over, and my contract was up that month anyway. I wasn't involved in any of that. I got a good hit off Mike Malone. I enjoyed the time I happened to be around him and try and help get him situated.
Like I said, I think one of the things that the media in general has always been relatively good at is standing up for the little guy that doesn't matter anymore and trying to right a wrong. And that's really where I'm coming in on this. The things that ... there is a lot more in that thing, obviously, that I probably have opinions about but don't have first knowledge of. But I have first-hand knowledge of this particular thing, and it's not right.
Are you close with any of those former Kings employees. Are any of you still on touch, or are there any connections?
Advertisement
I still have a really strong relationship with almost all of them. We had, overall, a very loyal, successful, group of professional people who were very experienced in the jobs they had. There is always some change. I was through three ownership changes as a general manager. There is always some change. When you are a decision maker, you own them. You have to live up to the consequences of some of them and not ... I made a lot of good decision and a lot of poor decisions, but we did them for reasons we thought were right at the time, but they don't all turn out that way.
What happened in those last five years of the Maloofs' ownership when the team wasn't making the playoffs? Why weren't the Kings that successful then?
The really good team we had, it ultimately had to be rebuilt because the core of that team wasn't one that started out in its early 20s, it started out in their mid-to-late 20s, so that period of time once you have a core that you can win with and become very good with, the longevity is not ... and of course with Webb's injury that accelerated things. We had to get into serious rebuilding, and unfortunately the last three, three-and-a-half years of that period, were under some really difficult operating circumstances salary cap wise, and we were really limited in certain things. And then our last two drafts were not good, which is on us, although we did get Isaiah Thomas and Hassan Whiteside in there.
Advertisement
If Hassan Whiteside had been able to pan out with the Kings and not the Heat, things could've been different.
It was just a difficult operating environment. I could go into a lot more, but I just think, it is what it is. You try and do the best with what you had, and even within that we could've, in some ways, done better.
Do you have any itch to come back and either run a team, or have a Jerry West-like advisor role, or are you done?
Advertisement
Listen, I love the NBA. It's been a lifetime of basically living your dream, even with the ups and downs over some of the different periods. But the ups were so great. You remember the people you worked with and the fans in both Portland and Sacramento are unbelievably loyal. I would like to see them get back to a higher level and all that. But as far as me, I certainly think I could be a good advisor to somebody. With running a team again, without having a really close relationship with the people you're working with, preexisting relationships I guess, probably wouldn't be of great interest. But I am comfortable with the life I have and grateful for what it was up to this point. Fortunate and grateful.
Is there anything we didn't get to, either about the interview or anything else you wanted to talk about?
Like I said, I just wanted to reach out to somebody about things that I had really direct knowledge about that were totally inaccurate. And I certainly have a lot of other opinions about some of the things that were in there, but I don't have first-hand knowledge, and I don't think it is fair for me to go down that route, which would be easy to do.
Advertisement
It seems like people like you, former GMs, are very aware of what outside second-guessing is like, and all of you have it happen to you in your jobs, and so you're not exactly thrilled to do it once you're out because you know how that feels.
Exactly. And let's face it. For any new owner there is a definite learning curve, and some of them eventually get it and some of them don't. It's a little bit like the same principle of what Jimi Hendrix said about playing the blues. He said “The blues are easy to play, but they're hard to feel.”
It seems to me that there is a trend with Vivek, Joe Lacob, Robert Pera in Memphis, of ownership and some front office people raised in Silicon Valley and technology. They're used to a certain way of doing things, and find the NBA difficult to adjust to. Is that true, or are all owners, no matter what field they come from, going to struggle to figure it out?
Advertisement
I think that's a pretty accurate observation. The recent ownership changes, basically teams have been taken over by tech guys or hedge fund people. And so there is a tremendous, within those industries, a lot of it is built on technology and analytics and all that. In a team sport like basketball, especially, which is the most interdependent game, you're not building widgets. I always believe, and was taught, that you can't separate the man from the game. At some point the man inside is going to show up, and so a lot depends on factors that can't necessarily be measured with statistics. It's not that they're not important, but they're not the Holy Grail either.
Obviously I am not in that room and can't say which person made a decision, but ultimately, because you are the head of the basketball operations department, it is your fault that this thing happened, and it is similar with ownership.
One of the principles of leadership is yeah, everyone has a say, and you end up doing whatever you do, but, the person that is most responsible has to take the responsibility. Otherwise the leadership becomes toxic. You can't be one hundred percent hubris and zero percent humility. It's just not going to work.
(I totally stole this from The General...)
Via TPMMuckraker: Gotta love those "centrists"!
Sen. Susan Collins, the Maine GOP dealmaker who's been in the limelight this week for helping to pass a watered down stimulus, has been talking a good game about the need to avoid wasting taxpayer money. But it looks like Collins also worked today to strip from the final bill a measure that's crucial to exposing that waste.
Here's what happened:
The House stimulus bill contained a provision designed to protect federal whistleblowers. Currently, those protections are shockingly weak. According to the Project On Government Oversight, whistleblowers who are fired or demoted can file a complaint with a government board -- but over the last eight years, that board has ruled in favor of whistleblowers only twice in 55 cases.
More to the point, the protections were designed to encourage federal workers to point out cases where taxpayer money is subject to waste, fraud, or abuse -- a legitimate concern when Congress spends $800 billion, and one that centrists and Republicans have been particularly exercised about.
Yesterday, 20 members of the House, from both parties, yesterday sent a letter to House negotiators urging them to ensure that the protections remained.
But, according to a person following the bill closely, Collins used today's conference committee to drastically water down the measure, citing national security concerns as the reason for her opposition. In the end, the protections were so weakened that House negotiators balked, and the result was that the entire amendment was removed.
According to the person following the bill, Collins was the "central roadblock" to passing the protections.
Former US Treasury chief Larry Summers says Britain would become a ‘less relevant and less significant economy' if it left EU
Britain's special relationship with the US would be significantly damaged if Britain leaves the EU, according to a former US Treasury secretary, who says Brexit would be unfortunate for the British economy, Europe, the US and the world.
In a strongly worded intervention, Larry Summers, who served under president Bill Clinton, said the move would represent the “most isolationist deed in the last century”, inflicting serious damage on the City of London.
He said the US saw the UK as its “bridge” to the EU, and warned that it would become a “less relevant and less significant economy” if it opted for Brexit.
Speaking before Barack Obama's visit to Britain, during which thepresident is expected to support David Cameron's battle to stay in the EU, he said: “It would reduce Britain's very positive influence as an ally of the United States and a strong participant in the G7 and in the G20. It would be a step towards a more closed, more protectionist, less effective and less prosperous global economy.”
Summers is one of eight former US Treasury secretaries, spanning Republican and Democrat presidents from Richard Nixon to Barack Obama, who have written an article warning about the impact of a vote to leave the EU.
“Brexit could call into question London's role as a global financial centre. While Britain will remain an attractive centre for finance even if Britain exits, it should not take for granted its global primacy when it is no longer the gateway to Europe,” they write in the Times.
The group claims that the US holds a “critical interest” in the outcome of the referendum on 23 June.
Summers told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that it was up to British voters to make the decision, but said it was right for people to know how the US felt about it. He said there were sharp partisan divisions in the US so it was worth “pondering” that this issue had united Republicans and Democrats.
“Britain would continue to be involved in global affairs but its role without its anchor to Europe would truly be diminished,” he said in the interview.
Summers said he believed the pound would come under pressure and lead to a contraction in the British economy.
He also predicted that the special relationship between the US and Britain would be affected by a decision to leave the EU.
“I don't want to say that the United States and Britain wouldn't continue to have the close ties that come from history but I think the special relationship would translate much less into prosperity for both our countries, and I think the special relationship would have much less influence on the broad world,” he said.
“Much would be lost by the kind of split in the west that a British withdrawal would represent.”
The attack drew an immediate response from the former cabinet minister, and leading Brexit advocate, Dr Liam Fox, who said Summers was wrong to suggest that leaving the EU would be an isolationist move. Instead, he argued that the motivation was to separate from a struggling economy and open Britain up to the rest of the world. He said the “old men of Brussels” were still operating under a 1950s model.
Fox also warned President Obama not to intervene in the referendum question. He told the Guardian the US would accept neither having “enforced open borders decided by a foreign power” nor hand budgetary control to unelected bureaucrats.
“The president, is of course, welcome to his view when the US has an open border with Mexico, a supreme court in Toronto and the US budget set by a pan-American committee,” he said. “Then his views might hold greater weight when he urges the European equivalent on the British people.”
Fox had previously organised a letter from 100 MPs to the US ambassador, Matthew Barzun, urging the president not to intervene in the British referendum debate.
Matthew Elliott, chief executive of Vote Leave said: “These US politicians wouldn't dream of agreeing to give Nafta [the North American Free Trade agreement] £350m a week, or handing power over to Mexican judges over which criminals they can deport or opening up the US border to Mexican migrants. They would have been laughed out the building if they suggested it. So why do they think that we should do the same with the EU?”
A decade after the collapse of the housing market set into motion a series of events that brought the national economy to its knees, the country is mired in another housing crisis.
We're out of the frying pan of speculative excess and into a subtler and more insidious problem of chronic undersupply. A country that's always prided itself on open spaces, abundant housing, and ample opportunity now has too few homes and is building too few to keep up with its needs. That's the bad news.
The good news is that unlocking the stuck glue of housing supply would solve multiple economic problems at once. Most obviously, people could have more and better places to live. But beyond that, a surge in house building would also be the jobs engine the country needs — decently paying blue-collar work that isn't going to be outsourced to China.
Housing inventory is at a historic low
The National Association of Realtors keeps track on America's inventory of houses for sale, which can be expressed in terms of "months of supply" — in other words, if no new homes came on the market how quickly we would run out entirely.
As you can see, inventory surged during the peak housing crisis years as millions of Americans were forced into either foreclosure or short sales. But it's drifted downward ever since and is now at an unusually low level by historical standards — and shrinking:
At the same time, the vacancy rate for owner-occupied homes, which soared during the crash, has now normalized, while the rental vacancy rate has plunged to a very low level.
This means rising rents, which squeeze households' ability to spend on other goods and services. And the increase in rents also shows up in economy-wide inflation indexes and discourages the Federal Reserve from taking steps to boost overall national income growth.
Short inventory isn't spurring a construction boom
The good news ought to be that a low level of housing supply leads to a boom in house building, which puts people to work and eventually ameliorates the shortage.
But it's not happening. Instead, construction of new homes remains at an abnormally low level.
Construction of McMansions has rebounded strongly, but overall construction remains in a fairly profound funk even as the population today is much larger than it was back in the 1970s.
So what's going on? The basic story seems to be that after years of financial crisis and recession, a large share of Americans are simply too burdened by low wages, past foreclosure, depleted savings, and overhangs of other debts (student loans, medical bills, etc.) to buy starter homes. And while investors were willing to pick up vacant or bank-owned single-family homes for pennies on the dollar during the peak slump years to operate them as rentals, nobody is excited enough about the business of operating single-family rental homes to actually go out and build vast new tracts of modest-size single-family homes destined for the rental market.
The houses we need to build
Of course, people who, for whatever reason, are not prepared for homeownership have long been with us. Traditionally, the solution has been to build dwellings for them that are not detached single-family homes.
In the modern day, that means apartment buildings and mobile homes. But while apartment construction has risen dramatically over the past several years, it remains hampered by the basic reality that it is illegal across huge swaths of the country. Suburban counties are defined by exclusionary zoning rules that bar the construction of multifamily housing, and from Seattle to San Francisco to Washington and beyond, even in many central cities, vast tracts of land are set aside exclusively for the development of detached single-family homes.
For areas of the country where land is cheap, mobile homes are the optimal solution, but here, too, snobby zoning rules prevent delivery of such homes across much of the country.
Obviously, constructing cheaper dwellings is in some respects a poor substitute for giving everyone enough wealth and income to get a mortgage on a single-family home. On the other hand, relaxing regulatory constraints to allow for more multifamily and mobile homes would itself be a way to create more good-paying jobs. The 2016 campaign has featured multiple rounds of unrealistic promises to "bring back" manufacturing jobs lost to China. But similar blue-collar work could be created without trade wars.
All we need to do is allow market demand to fill Palo Alto and Bergen County and Chevy Chase with rowhouses and triple-deckers and other "missing middle" housing forms while allowing high-rise construction in the limited number of places where it's economically viable.
Watch 220 years of US population shifts in one map
The Safari 7.0.4 update is recommended for all OS X Mavericks users and contains improvements to security.
For detailed information on the security content of this update, please visit:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1222
Apple today released Safari 7.0.4 for OS X Mavericks and Safari 6.1.4 for OS X Mountain Lion and Lion, addressing a significant memory corruption issue in the WebKit engine powering Apple's browser. It also addresses an issue with handling of unicode characters that could be exploited.The new update comes roughly six weeks after the release of Safari 7.0.3 , which included a more substantial list of improvements. Safari 7.0.3 was later bundled into OS X 10.9.3, which was released last week Safari 7.0.4 and 6.1.4 are free downloads available through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store.
A 10-year-old girl used as suicide bomber detonated an explosive and killed herself in a New Year's Eve attack in Maiduguri, Nigeria. Although no group or individual has said they are responsible for the attack, using women and little girls is consistent with the tactics of the ISIS-affiliated group Boko Haram.
The little girl blew herself up around 9:30 p.m. after she went into a market where people were gathered buying noodles from a food vendor. Only one person was seriously hurt but it was reported that the little girl “died instantly,” according to Yahoo News.
“The girl was clearly not more than 10 and this could have made her too nervous, making her to detonate the explosives prematurely,” the aid worker told Yahoo News.
The news outlet reported that there was a second female suicide bomber which was “caught and lynched” by an angry mob. Security officials safely detonated the bomb.
As reported by Breitbart News on December 12th, a suicide bomb attack, believed to be from Boko Haram, involved two girls who were 7- or 8-years-of-age. The explosion killed one person and injured 17 others at a market in Maiduguri, Nigeria. “They got out of a rickshaw and walked right in front of me without showing the slightest sign of emotion,” said militia member Abdulkarim Jabo about the Boko Haram bombing, according to Sky News.
Another bombing at a crowded market in Madagali, Nigeria, reported December 9th killed 30 to 45 people. Social media posts said female suicide bombers were to blame, as reported by UPI and Breitbart News.
In February, Breitbart News reported that two female suicide bombers blew themselves up in an Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camp in northeastern Nigeria. The attack in the city of Dikwa killed approximately 65 people and wounded 150. Authorities said that Boko Haram was responsible for the murders.
Breitbart News reported in March that a young girl in Nigeria was found with bombs strapped to her body. The little girl, estimated to be between nine and 12 years old said she was one of the 300 girls kidnapped from Chibok, Nigeria, two years ago. Law enforcement officials confirmed that the young girl was lying.
In May, the Nigerian military thwarted suicide bombings that planned to use four Boko Haram female suicide bombers. Soldiers disarmed and arrested two women, one of which was holding a baby.
Approximately 40-60 worshippers at a mosque in northeastern Nigeria were killed in October 2015 by three female suicide bombers. They were also believed to have been sent by the terrorist group Boko Haram.
Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2.
A Florida man had the absolute best response to a texting mix-up.
Dennis Williams received a group text over the weekend with a big announcement from a stranger.
“We are at the hospital. Having a baby today! She has dilated to between 5-6,” the stranger wrote.
Dennis congratulated the family and then let the sender know he was not the person they were trying to reach.
“Congrats lol but I think someone got the wrong number,” Dennis replied.
When a woman sent another text with a picture of her holding the baby, Dennis decided he was going to make the most of the situation.
“Well I don't know Yall but me and the boys will be thru to take picture with the baby,” Dennis wrote.
Dennis and his brother, Deorick, bought some gifts and went to the hospital to congratulate the new parents in person.
The brothers ended up taking a picture with the mother, the father, and baby Cason.
The family then took to Facebook to talk about the wonderful surprise.
“I accidentally text a message about Mark and Lindsey having a baby to a number I had in my phone for someone else which now belongs to Mr. Dennis Williams and he and his brother came by to visit us and bought the baby a gift! What a blessing these two guys were to our family. They were so sweet and kind to do this! You 2 are great guys and thank you for giving to someone you didn't know! Many blessing I pray for you. I think his brother was Derrius Williams. Cason Knox, Lindsey, & Mark Lashley thanks you. Please share this with anyone you know and hopefully these guys will see. If we all only had this kind of heart.
Deorick posted screenshots of the texts and the family's Facebook post on his personal Facebook page.
His post has since gone viral, receiving more than 167,000 shares.
Photo courtesy Marc Serota/Mattel
The Sawgrass Mills Mall is the second biggest tourist attraction in Florida after Walt Disney World. Built in the shape of an alligator, the Everglades-themed outlet shopping center caters to South American tourists who've flown to South Florida to purchase discounted, damaged Louis Vuitton suitcases they'll fill with cheap products purchased at T.J. Maxx and Banana Republic.
To locals, this place is obviously hell. But since this is Florida—where there is nothing to do except smoke crack at your house and smoke pills at motels built for tourists—neighborhood kids practically live at Sawgrass. When I was a tween, it was where I watched my friends turn into Juicy Couture sluts and where I groped a boy's dick for the first time. (He later broke my heart at f.y.e.) It was my second home, and a broken one at that. So I was surprised when I learned via the Daily Mail that “The Barbie Dream House Experience” was opening at Sawgrass.
The Mail described the life-sized replica of Barbie's Dream House as a “10,000 foot pink paradise.” But to my friends in Florida, the Dream House sounded like another cruel reminder of what it's like to grow up in another person's paradise.
“That's Barbie's Dream House?” said my friend Alex, who still lives in Florida. “Yeah, F. Scott Fitzgerald was totally thinking about a fake house in the middle of an outlet mall built in the shape of an alligator when he wrote The Great Gatsby. This is the fucking American dream.”
But I wanted to find something good in Barbie's Dream House. I find it hard to believe humanity could build something that has no redeeming qualities at all, even a mall that plays artificial bird sounds on loop.
Last week, when I was in Fort Lauderdale visiting my mom, I returned to the Sawgrass Mall to experience the Dream House myself.
I planned to go alone, but my friend Melanie, who also still lives in Florida, insisted she join me. “Barbie's Dream House sounds scarier than a chemical drug trip in Amsterdam,” she said. “You can't go alone.” So I called up Barbie's publicist and asked for two press tickets. He'd only give us tickets if we agreed to take no photos or videos, and told me a marketer named Yarni would meet us at the entrance.
Two hours later, Melanie and I entered through a pink gift shop, where a salesgirl sold dolls and dollhouses. Mesmerized by the pink overhead lights and the fake chandelier hanging above us, we forgot about Yarni. I felt like an Olivia Newton John song. I felt like fucking magic.
Yarni and a girl in a teal shirt stepped through the pink haze I was trapped in. “I'm Leila,” the girl said. “I'll be your tour guide.”
Yarni reminded us that Barbie banned all guests—including non-media members—from taking photos, and then let Leila lead us into a tiny pink room lit by pink and blue lights. On the wall, a picture of Barbie started to move. Barbie explained that she was out of town and had “lost her glitter” (Florida stripper speak for “I lost my cocaine”) and needed our help “finding her glitter.”
Photo courtesy Marc Serota/Mattel
“This is just like the Haunted Mansion,” Melanie said.
“Um, no it's not,” Leila corrected her. “The Haunted Mansion isn't pink.”
Melanie shot me a frightened look—the wall slid open revealing a giant pink room. “The kitchen!” Leila shouted.
She sped into the giant pink room and told us to make cupcakes. There was no food in sight. I opened the kitchen drawers and found spoons and forks hidden in see-through plastic boxes. I tried to take off the lid, but they were sealed tight. Leila showed me a screen on the kitchen counter—by making cupcakes, she meant tapping touchscreens to create digital baked goods.
Then she brought Melanie and me into a giant freezer. Inside, we found a few cupcakes hidden behind glass, a massive sleigh built for “photo-ops,” over 15 dolls, and a flat-screen TV playing Barbie webisodes. Inside this, the Barbie dream fridge, there were no vegetables, meat, or old take-out. There was no food at all. I'm not sure what this was supposed to tell little girls, but to me it looked like Leila needed to stage an intervention for Barbie's obvious eating disorder.
But Leila had no time to participate in investigative journalism—she was sent on a mission by a publicist and needed to show us the living room, where she pointed at shelves full of Barbie dolls and untitled pink books.
“This is the Versace doll,” Leila said.
“Do the books have titles?” I asked.
“No,” Leila said, laughing. “They're just Barbie books.” She then showed us Barbie's white couch and family portraits, which, like the player in the freezer, were flat screens playing Barbie webisodes about her siblings and pet dolphins. Leila said girls love the webisodes.
“They already know where Barbie's glitter is when they come here, because they're seen every webisode,” she said. “The webisodes are really good. I started watching them at work and watch them at home, because I had to see how they end!”
In the next rooms, Barbie's balcony and bedroom, Leila showed us more of what seemed to be an endless parade of pink. The balcony's towel cabinet was full of dolls, and there were a dozen dolls showcased on the bedroom wall. Barbie's bed was a solid block somebody had painted pink.
“Are there any pillows?” I asked as the three of us lay on the bed.
“They're right there,” Leila said, pointing at pillows painted on.
“Oh my God!” Melanie shouted. “I had those bedsheets as a kid. Those are the bedsheets that were in my Dream House.”
“Right?” Leila said. “Where was this when we were kids?”
“What do you usually do with the kids you give tours in this room?” I asked.
Photo courtesy Marc Serota/Mattel
“We play ‘Barbie, Ken, Sparkle,'” she said. She explained this was a game where kids flex their muscles when she says, “Ken,” strike any pose they like when she says, “Barbie,” and make spirit fingers when she says “Sparkle.” I struggled not to laugh; Melanie smiled and asked Leila how she could apply to work at Barbie's Dream House. She then followed Leila to the Glitterizer, a massive life-size doll box.
“What's this for?” I asked as I stepped inside the Gitterizer.
“Barbie steps in every morning to glitterize,” replied Leila. Oh. I opened the box and walked in with Melanie, expecting glitter to cover me but nothing happened.
“Where's the glitter?” I asked.
“It's a photo-op for the kids that visit,” Leila explained. Suddenly, it dawned on me that I had been lied to—visitors could take photos. Barbie's publicist had just fooled me into not taking photos.
But Melanie didn't notice this, or didn't care. She followed Leila into Barbie's bathroom, where Barbie's pet dolphin Flippy stuck his head out of the toilet, and then her closet. I expected the closet to be a life-size replica of Mariah Carey's closet as seen on Cribs, but with the exception of ballerina clothes that could only fit on a toddler (and are probably for sale at Toys R Us), the closet only had dolls and accessories. Barbie's interior decorator had installed mirrors on the end of the two walls that made up the room to make the closet look never-ending—a metaphor, I thought, for how all this pink glamour was a corporate mirage.
Yet Melanie still bought into the shtick. She stood with Leila in front of a mirror playing an interactive game that fits imaginary clothes on your body, smiling as if their dream, not Mattel's, had come true. I followed the girls into Barbie's plane, a white room that smelled like a decade-old fart and had yet another flat screen and two fake plane windows painted on the wall.
On the screen, Barbie told us we were going to her entertainment island, a private property in the shape of a heart where Barbie takes care of her jobs. I thought this would mean the roughly 1,000 jobs Barbie had obtained after over 50 years of leaning in. The white wall opened onto a display of Barbie's biggest accomplishments, including becoming a rock star (in 1986) and President of the United States (2000).
“What do the girls do here?” I asked Leila.
“This is where they learn to model!” She led us across the pink room to a black curtain, which she parted, revealing a group of six-year-old girls learning how to catwalk down a white stage. “The girls get to choose their own makeup,” she said, gesturing at another employee putting children's makeup on her face in the mirror reserved for elementary school girls. Children's makeup. This was more terrifying than the Haunted Mansion could ever hope to be. Leila turned away from the curtain and walked across the room to lead us to the exit through the gift shop.
I want to say that Barbie's Dream House was a feminist inspiration, that behind the pink there was a core of inner beauty, but it was really just an interactive advertisement for internet videos and souvenirs, like an EDM fest for tween girls. It wasn't even pop culture. It was just pop—a plastic pink promotion for a plastic doll that told girls they had to be plastic too.
Walking back to my mom's BMW, Melanie wondered aloud why she had asked for a job application. “I would never work there,” she said. “What was I thinking? Those pink and blue lights were so dreamy. You know, they were just like pink strip club lights.”
@MitchSunderland
More terrifying travel:
An Open Letter fro the Worst Wax Museum in America
I Went Tornado Chasing with a Bunch of Storm Enthusiasts
Searching for Forrest Fenn's Gold
Pilot whales use synchronized swimming when they sense danger
Related images
(click to enlarge)
An international team of scientists has observed the behavior of various groups of cetaceans in the Strait of Gibraltar and Cape Breton in Canada belonging to the Globicephala melas species, which are also known as long-finned pilot whales. These results show that these whales use synchronized swimming when they identify the presence of an external threat. There are 300 pilot whales inhabiting the Straight of Gibraltar. Here these cetaceans remain throughout the entire year in the water of the Mediterranean and the Atlantic. But, little is known about their social structure.
Headed by the University of Aberdeen (United Kingdom) in collaboration with the Doñana Biological Station (CSIC) and Conservation, Information and Study on Cetaceans (CIRCE) group, the study analyzed the patterns of association between individuals within this whale community. The aim was to provide a long-term vision of their social system.
"The important point is that we compared two different populations: one inhabiting the Strait of Gibraltar which is exposed to predators (boats in this case) and another with an ecotype where there are not so many boats (Cape Breton in Canada). The pilot whales are social species and we were interested in seeing how mothers teach their young, for example. We observed that they use synchronized swimming when in danger," as explained Renaud de Stephanis, researcher of the Biological Station of Doñana and coauthor of the study published in the journal behavioral Processes.
Between 1999 and 2006 the scientists gathered samples in an area of 23,004 km in the Strait of Gibraltar and took 4,887 images of the dorsal fins of whales to compare them with those in Canada.
"They swim in complete synchrony both in the Strait of Gibraltar and Canada. When sea traffic or whale watching vessels are nearby, the whole group collectively reacts to such external stimuli. When we arrived at the watching area they were swimming at their normal rhythm but after 10 or 15 minutes near to them, the mothers and their young began to swim in a synchronized manner in alert position. This is a sign of affiliation to the group," adds the expert.
According to the researcher, these cetaceans also have a social structure formed by permanent partnerships. This means that they spend their life with the same whales and they do not interchange between different groups, as in the case of bottlenose dolphins.
Thanks to the study we now know that the presence of vessels also disturbs diving behavior. "As such, when we began observing the whales up close, they tended to spend quite some time on the surface. However, the longer we spent nearby, the longer they stayed underwater. This behavioral change could affect their energy levels, since they then have to make more of an effort to protect themselves and their young. In turn this limits hunting time, which means that they cannot feed their young properly," concludes the researcher.
Montgomery County Gearing Up For Legal Battle Over Troubled Silver Spring Transit Center
County Council could vote Tuesday to appoint 'Big Dig' law firm to advise county attorney
By Aaron Kraut
The Silver Spring Transit Center Via Flickr user Rich Renomeron
No lawsuits have been filed yet, but Montgomery County is gearing up for an expected legal battle over the behind-schedule and over-budget Silver Spring Transit Center project.
The County Council is scheduled to vote Tuesday to appoint the law firm Saul Ewing, which worked on litigation involving Boston's “Big Dig” project, to help the county attorney with “anticipated litigation” concerning the Transit Center.
The $140 million facility at the Silver Spring Metro station is $50 million over budget and four years behind schedule. The county is expected to turn the building over to Metro later this year.
An engineering consultant hired by the county found the bus and train station was poorly constructed and posed a safety risk because of weak concrete and cracks in supporting beams .
County Executive Ike Leggett has said the county plans to recover cost overruns by pursuing legal penalties from the project's general contractor, Foulger-Pratt, and possibly others involved.
Foulger-Pratt and others involved in the project have maintained they followed the county's design and inspection process and did nothing wrong.
“Saul Ewing would work under the direction of the Office of the County Attorney in order to assist the Office in pursuing and defending potential claims and litigation associated with the [Transit Center] project,” county attorney Marc Hansen wrote in a memo to Council President George Leventhal .
The memo didn't say how much hiring the firm would cost, but did note that Saul Ewing “has agreed to provide the County with its legal services at preferred blended rates which represent, on average, a discount at which Saul Ewing ordinarily bills its clients.”
The firm's lead attorney, Garry Boehlert, will be directly involved in any potential litigation.
Lawyers from the firm worked on cases involving a cracked structural floor slab in a Brooklyn, New York, building, the collapse of a highway tunnel ceiling in Boston's “Big Dig” project and the collapse of a high-rise building in Guam.
Egypt's top imam has warned Marine Le Pen, the French far-Right leader, that her Front National party's “hostile opinions” towards Islam must be “reviewed and corrected”.
During a meeting in Cairo, Ahmed al-Tayeb, the grand imam of Al-Azhar , told Ms Le Pen that the Sunni Muslim body had “serious concerns” over her party's stance on Islam.
The Front National, which had a strong showing in local elections in March, has campaigned on politically explosive issues of immigration and the integration of Islam into French society after the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
Ms Le Pen, who did not wear a veil during the meeting, “recognised the need to not confuse Islam with the violent acts committed” in its name, Al-Azhar said in a statement.
Rencontre émouvante avec le patriarche copte d'Égypte à qui nous avons exprimé notre solidarité avec les chrétiens d'Égypte et d'Orient. MLP — Marine Le Pen (@MLP_officiel) May 28, 2015
Ms Le Pen wrote on Twitter: “Meeting in Cairo with the highest Sunni authority: strong agreement on the fight against extremism.”
Thursday's talks were conducted at Ms Le Pen's request, Al-Azhar said, “to discuss matters related to erroneous ideas and concepts about Islam and extremist ideologies and racism that some Muslims in Europe are suffering from”.
A millennium-old institution, Al-Azhar is the leading theological centre of Sunni Islam.
Al-Azhar supervises several universities across the country offering courses to thousands of Muslim students from around the world.
It was founded in 970 by the Shia Fatimid dynasty that ruled Egypt between 969 and 1171, but was converted to Sunni Islam after a Sunni dynasty took over the country.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 21, 2017, 3:55 AM GMT / Updated Feb. 22, 2017, 12:30 AM GMT By Matthew Grimson and Abigail Williams
Four Americans were among five people killed when a light plane crashed into the roof of a mall in Australia, the State Department has confirmed.
The twin-turboprop Beechcraft King Air plane struck the shopping center near the end of the runway at Essendon Airport in Melbourne shortly after takeoff at around 5 p.m. ET Monday (9 a.m. local time), authorities said.
Witnesses described the plane exploding on impact and erupting into a "massive fireball."
There were no fatalities other than those on board the aircraft, police said. The incident happened about an hour before the mall was due to open, according to police.
"There were five people on the airplane and it looks like nobody's survived the crash," Stephen Leane, the assistant police commissioner for Victoria state, told reporters.
Leane said the plane hit the building before crashing into the mall's parking lot. He described the aircraft as suffering "catastrophic" engine failure, but officials said it was too early to say what caused the accident.
Local media reported the pilot was an experienced aviator aged in his 60s. The State Department did not identify the four Americans, who were passengers on the plane.
"We extend our deepest condolences to the families and loved ones of all those who died in today's tragic crash," a State Department official told NBC News. "The U.S. Embassy and Consulate in Melbourne are working closely with local authorities. We stand ready to provide all appropriate consular assistance to the families of the victims."
Video footage showed burning wreckage strewn across the mall's parking lot and a thick column of black smoke rising from the crash site.
A witness told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation that he was in a taxi when he saw the plane coming in "way, way fast."
"It looked like it hit the building. There was a massive fireball. I could feel the heat through the window," the man, identified only as Jason, said. "Then a wheel, it looked like a plane wheel, bounced on the road."
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau will investigate the crash.
There is an odd sort of Greek-like mythology that the American dream is only getting stronger when various pieces of economic data clearly show that this is not the case. The middle class has noticeably shrunk over the past few decades. Income inequality is at levels last seen during the wildly opulent Gilded Age. We are seeing a record percentage of our population on food stamps. This certainly doesn't sound like the American dream. This dream once centered on economic prosperity built around good jobs, a strong middle class, and growth opportunities for those that worked hard. As we devalue work in a low wage system that exploits workers and the middle class and the mainstream media glorifies the financialization of the system we have to ask is the Americans dream a reality or a myth?
Income inequality at generational highs
If we look at the Gini ratio we see that income inequality is at generational highs:
From the 1940s to about 1980 the range held steady and ushered in the largest middle class the world has come to know. Part of this decline also came with the decline of our manufacturing sector and we now see longer lasting effects like the once mighty Detroit limping into bankruptcy.
The growth of this disproportionate wealth cycle has come from a system that has largely demoralized the working and middle class at the expense of the financial class. For example, the top 5 percent of Americans control 72 percent of all the wealth in the country. The bottom 80 percent of Americans only control 7 percent of the wealth:
It would be one thing if the winners of this current economy where the job creators but instead, it is the politically connected and those who have mastered financial engineering. For example, during the housing crisis we had large hedge fund managers exploiting the market and actually making billions of dollars on bets that Americans would completely fall apart at the seams when it came to housing. Ironically, as it later came out, some of these hedge funds were encouraging further horrible lending practices or turning a blind eye knowing the payoff of the bet would only be larger when a regular family would be financially strained.
Most of the income growth has also gone to a very small portion of our population. For the rest, income isn't doing so well:
Since many Americans have a very tiny amount in stocks, this record stock market is merely a spectacle, like watching a lion roar in the circus, and is also a reason as to why we can have this happening at the same time that we have 47.7 million Americans on food stamps.
Income mobility and poverty
A fascinating article highlights income mobility in the US. The chart is sobering:
Source: NY Times
The notion that most Americans can pull themselves up by their bootstraps into wealth (or a decent paying job) is largely a myth. If you look at the chart above, most that are born poor will have a very tough time making it into the top 20 percent of our country (where all the wealth is concentrated). Even in places like New York, only 9.7 percent of people born in the lowest economic part of our ladder will rise to the top 20 percent. And this isn't someone becoming Bill Gates. This is merely someone being able to make at least $70,000 a year (a good salary) by age 30.
What was more startling regarding the chart is how hard it is to rise up in the Southeast of the country and the boom in places like the Dakotas and Utah. My take on the Dakotas and Utah is this is based on the recent boom in this part of the country and the low cost of living. Yet the cost of living is very cheap in the South so it is hard to explain this incredibly tough income stratification.
Either way, the areas with very high mobility have a tiny portion of our population. Even in San Francisco only 11 percent of those born poor will end up making $70,000 a year by the time they are 30 and this is one of the most mobile and large markets. An interesting thought to ponder but just go back up and refer to the Gini ratio we have shown. Income inequality in the US is at record levels and working and middle class Americans continue to face challenges.
The American dream – 4 out of 5 US adults struggle with joblessness, poverty, or welfare for parts of their lives
One very troubling statistic is the number of Americans who have faced deep economic challenges:
“WASHINGTON (AP) — Four out of 5 U.S. adults struggle with joblessness, near poverty or reliance on welfare for at least parts of their lives, a sign of deteriorating economic security and an elusive American dream. Survey data exclusive to The Associated Press points to an increasingly globalized U.S. economy, the widening gap between rich and poor and loss of good-paying manufacturing jobs as reasons for the trend.”
What do you expect when fierce austerity is expected of the working and middle class while Wall Street is bailed out for essentially speculating, building, and profiting from the economic collapse. Thanks to the Fed, many large financial institutions are once again back to speculating in the real estate market. When many bets went sour, they were bailed out while the public lost their homes, jobs, and have seen income growth decline to levels last seen in the 1990s. The American dream seems to be a very exclusive club now. Good luck trying to get in if you are not already in.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
One of New Zealand's most powerful bankers thinks it could be better for everyone if there were no investors in the housing market.
David Hisco is the chief executive of New Zealand's biggest bank, ANZ, and says almost half of all houses sales in Auckland are made to investors, and others might have an easier life without them.
Photo: 123RF
House prices in New Zealand are five times what they were 25 years ago. In Auckland, they are seven times higher.
People trying to pay those prices often have to compete with investors who already have a home but want to profit from buying another.
Mr Hisco told RNZ the country would be better off without them.
"You know, right now, if investors were not in the market at all, I think that could turn out to be a good thing in the long run," he said.
"If they weren't in the market, that would ease upward pressure on prices and maybe make it easier for first-home buyers," he said in a statement.
Westpac declined to say whether it shared ANZ's view, and the other big trading bank BNZ could not be reached for comment.
Photo: Supplied
Independent economist Shamubeel Eaqub agreed too many investors were buying houses.
"Really, it's speculators betting on house prices going up forever," he said.
"I agree with Mr Hisco's frustration that our rules and regulations are not tight enough and that our taxes and banking regulations encourage people to go further into speculating in property."
Salvation Army social policy analyst Alan Johnson wants far fewer investors in the market.
Investors only reapportion a small number of homes from one class of person to another, he said.
"It's not as if there are more houses being created for this.
"It is simply the redistribution of houses from owner-occupiers to investors and then to tenants, and feasibly it would be better if we got more balance into the market."
High prices led to high rents and social hardship across the board, especially to low income people struggling in some cases to stay out of having to live in a car or a boarding house, Mr Johnson said.
Massey University senior academic Dr Claire Matthews thought Mr Hisco was exaggerating his case against investors.
But she said investors did have a negative impact.
"They are buying in part on the assumption that prices will continue to rise," she said.
"They are then prepared to pay more and so it becomes self-fulfilling that prices will actually continue to increase.
"So it is certainly fuelling the market. It is not the only factor that is doing it but it is certainly part of the problem."
However, Property Investors Federation argues ANZ has got it all wrong.
The federations'a executive officer, Andrew King, said tenants would be very unhappy if there were no investors buying homes.
"Predominantly that's where they get their homes from," he said.
"In the situation where we have massive migration levels, some of those people will want to buy their own homes, but some of them will want to rent homes and we have to have rental property providers."
Meanwhile those providers are themselves facing new restrictions from September, with most having to provide a bigger deposit than now.
BARCELONA — Sumatra is an Indonesian island that holds some of the globe's most diverse forests. When these trees are cut down or they burn, the peat soils underneath are exposed, releasing carbon dioxide as the peat oxidizes and decomposes.
The peat is so deep in parts of Sumatra – going down up to 10 feet in some areas – that conservationists say that keeping the forests from being cleared could have a measurable impact on greenhouse gas emissions globally.
According to the environmental group WWF, Sumatra has lost 48 percent of forest cover in the past 23 years releasing vast amounts of planet-warming gases – making the Sumatran forest problem a global problem.
On Thursday at the World Conservation Congress in Barcelona, Spain, WWF and Indonesian authorities announced a political agreement – signed September 18 in the Indonesian capital Jakarata between all 10 governors on the island and four federal ministers – to “agree to save and conserve the ecosystem of Sumatra Island.”
The commitment is the first island-wide agreement of its kind according to WWF, which expects the agreement to be permanent and to require any development on the island to take into account maintenance of the ecosystem. But implementing the accord is unlikely to be straightforward.
“There are a lot of challenges in the future to ensure the successful implementation of the commitment,” acknowledged Noor Hidayat, the director of conservation areas for the forestry ministry in Indonesia.
The next steps will involve coming up with an island-wide conservation plan, said Hermien Roosita, the deputy minister for the environment of Indonesia.
Why the change, and why now?
According to WWF, a major part of the reason is the emerging, and potentially lucrative market, for keeping CO2 sequestered in forests.
“Sumatra's forests are a triple bonus for forest carbon investors. They can pay to protect the forests, the megafauna that live there and Southeast Asia's largest carbon store,” said Nazir Faoued, a senior WWF representative in Indonesia.
To be sure, a number of environmental groups remain extremely skeptical about the effects on forest peoples of market-based mechanisms, and they question the effectiveness of carbon-trading in cutting pollution. As I wrote at Green Inc. a few weeks ago, carbon markets still are in their infancy and have been strongly criticized for failing to push up the price of polluting to levels where companies and citizens responsible for most of the planet's harmful emissions actually change their behavior.
Even so, efforts to use capital from rich countries to help prevent the destruction of tropical forests are increasingly in favor among key environmental leaders, including former Vice President Al Gore.
Last month, Mr. Gore described funding for forest preservation as “one of many tools” needed for an effort that must include deep cuts in gas emissions from established and emerging industrial powers.
COLD LAKE, Alta. — Six CF-18 Hornets from CFB Cold Lake will be deployed to the Middle East Tuesday morning to help in the fight against ISIS.
Minister of Defence Rob Nicholson is slated to speak at the ceremony, and Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Tom Lawson is also expected to be present.
The move comes after Parliament approved sending the planes in a 157-134 vote on Oct. 7. That number included 155 Conservatives, as well as Independent MP Brent Rathgeber and Green Party Member Bruce Hyer.
While not all combat missions go to a vote, Prime Minister Stephen Harper had promised that the decision would be made by Parliament in this case.
Harper said the mission will not involve ground troops but will be confined to the air, and will last six months. The troops will be based in Kuwait.
After the vote, Harper stressed the importance of being involved in the mission.
“When we recognize that there is a threat like this that has to be done and it involves our own interests, we do our part,” Harper stated.
“We do not stand on the sidelines and watch.”
The soldiers from Cold Lake will join troops from Britain, France, Denmark, the Netherlands, Australia, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan and Bahrain in the air strikes.
CIA Director David H. Petraeus, shown in Afghanistan when he was the top U.S. military commander there, is urging the White House to expand the CIA's fleet of armed drones. (Heidi Vogt/AP)
The CIA is urging the White House to approve a significant expansion of the agency's fleet of armed drones, a move that would extend the spy service's decade-long transformation into a paramilitary force, U.S. officials said.
The proposal by CIA Director David H. Petraeus would bolster the agency's ability to sustain its campaigns of lethal strikes in Pakistan and Yemen and enable it, if directed, to shift aircraft to emerging al-Qaeda threats in North Africa or other trouble spots, officials said.
If approved, the CIA could add as many as 10 drones, the officials said, to an inventory that has ranged between 30 and 35 over the past few years.
The outcome has broad implications for counterterrorism policy and whether the CIA gradually returns to being an organization focused mainly on gathering intelligence, or remains a central player in the targeted killing of terrorism suspects abroad.
In the past, officials from the Pentagon and other departments have raised concerns about the CIA's expanding arsenal and involvement in lethal operations, but a senior Defense official said that the Pentagon had not opposed the agency's current plan.
Officials from the White House, the CIA and the Pentagon declined to comment on the proposal. Officials who discussed it did so on the condition of anonymity, citing the sensitive nature of the subject.
One U.S. official said the request reflects a concern that political turmoil across the Middle East and North Africa has created new openings for al-Qaeda and its affiliates.
“With what happened in Libya, we're realizing that these places are going to heat up,” the official said, referring to the Sept. 11 attack on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi. No decisions have been made about moving armed CIA drones into these regions, but officials have begun to map out contingencies. “I think we're actually looking forward to a little bit,” the official said.
White House officials are particularly concerned about the emergence of al-Qaeda's affiliate in North Africa, which has gained weapons and territory following the collapse of the governments in Libya and Mali. Seeking to bolster surveillance in the region, the United States has been forced to rely on small, unarmed turboprop aircraft disguised as private planes.
Meanwhile, the campaign of U.S. airstrikes in Yemen have heated up. Yemeni officials said a strike on Thursday — the 35th this year — killed at least seven al-Qaeda-linked militants near Jaar, a town in southern Yemen previously controlled by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, as the terrorist group's affiliate is known.
The CIA's proposal would have to be evaluated by a group led by President Obama's counter­terrorism adviser, John O. Brennan, officials said.
The group, which includes senior officials from the CIA, the Pentagon, the State Department and other agencies, is directly involved in deciding which alleged al-Qaeda operatives are added to “kill” lists. But current and former officials said the group also plays a lesser-known role as referee in deciding the allocation of assets, including whether the CIA or the Defense Department takes possession of newly delivered drones.
1 of 9 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Innovations in drone technology View Photos The modern unmanned aerial vehicle in the U.S. can track its roots back to the Civil War and has been heavily influenced by innovations in Israel. Caption The modern unmanned aerial vehicle in the U.S. can track its roots back to the Civil War and has been heavily influenced by innovations in Israel. In this May 1862 photo from the Library of Congress, the Union balloon Intrepid, the largest used in the Civil War, is inflated in Virginia. The balloons, manned by Confederate and Union aeronauts, floated above a field of battle. The first time that warring armies sent their air ships aloft simultaneously over U.S. soil was on June 27, 1862, when two Union balloons — the Intrepid and the Washington — floated a few miles west of Richmond while their Southern counterpart, Gazelle, floated over the capital of the Confederacy. The balloons have been cited as among the earliest predecessors of the modern drone. AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“You have to state your requirements and the system has to agree that your requirements trump somebody else,” said a former high-ranking official who participated in the deliberations. “Sometimes there is a food fight.”
The administration has touted the collaboration between the CIA and the military in counterterrorism operations, contributing to a blurring of their traditional roles. In Yemen, the CIA routinely “borrows” the aircraft of the military's Joint Special Operations Command to carry out strikes. The JSOC is increasingly engaged in activities that resemble espionage.
The CIA's request for more drones indicates that Petraeus has become convinced that there are limits to those sharing arrangements and that the agency needs full control over a larger number of aircraft.
The U.S. military's fleet dwarfs that of the CIA. A Pentagon report issued this year counted 246 Predators, Reapers and Global Hawks in the Air Force inventory alone, with hundreds of other remotely piloted aircraft distributed among the Army, the Navy and the Marines.
Petraeus, who had control of large portions of those fleets while serving as U.S. commander in Iraq and Afghanistan, has had to adjust to a different resource scale at the CIA, officials said. The agency's budget has begun to tighten, after double-digit increases over much of the past decade.
“He's not used to the small budget over there,” a U.S. congressional official said. In briefings on Capitol Hill, Petraeus often marvels at the agency's role relative to its resources, saying, “We do so well with so little money we have.” The official declined to comment on whether Petraeus had requested additional drones.
Early in his tenure at the CIA, Petraeus was forced into a triage situation with the agency's inventory of armed drones. To augment the hunt for Anwar al-Awlaki, a U.S.-born cleric linked to al-Qaeda terrorist plots, Petraeus moved several CIA drones from Pakistan to Yemen. After Awlaki was killed in a drone strike, the aircraft were sent back to Pakistan, officials said.
The number of strikes in Pakistan has dropped from 122 two years ago to 40 this year, according to the New America Foundation. But officials said the agency has not cut back on its patrols there, despite the killing of Osama bin Laden and a dwindling number of targets.
The agency continues to search for bin Laden's successor, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and has carried out dozens of strikes against the Haqqani network, a militant group behind attacks on U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
The CIA also maintains a separate, smaller fleet of stealth surveillance aircraft. Stealth drones were used to monitor bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Their use in surveillance flights over Iran's nuclear facilities was exposed when one crashed in that country last year.
Any move to expand the reach of the CIA's fleet of armed drones probably would require the agency to establish additional secret bases. The agency relies on U.S. military pilots to fly the planes from bases in the southwestern United States but has been reluctant to share overseas landing strips with the Defense Department.
CIA Predators that are used in Pakistan are flown out of airstrips along the border in Afghanistan. The agency opened a secret base on the Arabian Peninsula when it began flights over Yemen, even though JSOC planes are flown from a separate facility in Djibouti.
Karen DeYoung contributed to this report.
Just listened Matt with Shinobi talking about E3.- Shinobi didn't want to talk about Rockstar and RDR2 (maybe 'cause he doesn't want to spoil the surprise?). He did spoke freely about "where the hell is Agent?", he didn't really know, for what it looks like.- He confirmed "Prey Reboot" at Bethesda conference being developed by Arkane.- When asked about Sucker Punch and Spider-Man he spoke trying to not say anything but clearly looked like he knows what's going on but didn't want to spoil. He said that are a couple of unnanounced titles at Sony but wasn't confirming or deying if Sucker Punch was involved.- There will be a remaster on Bethesda. Skyrim? Probably.- Capcom will announce an exclusive game at Microsoft conference. RE7 (this would be nuts) or DR4?- There will be "hardware" at Microsoft's.He was most hyped for Sony's conference.I think that was it, cool podcast but they went far off E3 sometimes, it could use a bit more focus.Ps.: Sorry for any mispelling, i'm on my phone and english is not my first language. Cheers!
Clemson offensive line ranked #1 in the nation
Fox Sports has released its latest article that ranked the top college offensive lineman in the country and Clemson was ranked #1 overall.
"Freshman LT Mitch Hyatt was a revelation," Fox Spots.com said. "The Tigers' first true freshman to start the opener on the O-line in 35 years, he was often at his best against the toughest teams. He's also worked hard to get stronger and has bulked up 15 pounds from the 285 he played at in 2015. Center Jay Guillermo had a terrific season as well, making the coaches' second-team All-ACC squad. Junior Tyrone Crowder, at 6-2, 330, is a beast in the run game. The ACC coaches picked him for third-team all-league last fall. One of the new starters will be RT Jake Fruhmorgen, a second-year sophomore, who started one game in 2015. He, too, has added some good size and is up to 302 pounds, from 282 last fall. The other new starter is expected to be 320-pound sophomore guard Taylor Hearn. Highly regarded Justin Falcinelli will push him for playing time."
Swinney knows that he has recruited well in the offensive line and the fruits of his labor are currently being shown with the "big uglies" up front.
“Not a lot of baloney going on with those guys,” Swinney said recently to reporters. “They want to be a special group. They understand that they have a great quarterback back there, a bunch of great backs and a bunch of Frisbee-catching dogs on the outside that they've got a chance to run (and) chase them chains. If they do their job (their teammates do the rest), and man, they take pride in that.”
The full Top 10 list of offensive lines included Clemson, LSU, Alabama, Michigan, West Virginia, Florida State, USC, Notre Dame, Iowa, and Oklahoma.
For however much any bold new colour schemes, and fanfare from new engine-naming partner TAG Heuer, shout of a bright new era from the team, if Renault does not make progress then results will still be hard to come by.
But does a changed relationship between Red Bull and its engine supplier mean it now has even less chance of success, or will the revamped effort from Renault actually help it move on from the nightmares of the past?
Relationship breakdown
Red Bull and Renault went to the brink last year as competitive struggles and a public war of words left their relationship in tatters, and them all set for an acrimonious parting of ways.
In the end, as Mercedes, Ferrari and Honda refused to play ball, Red Bull had to return cap in hand to Renault to renew their deal, albeit under very different circumstances.
From now on, Red Bull is no longer the preferred partner: for Renault has its own works team and everything is being done is to ensure that its Enstone operation gets back to the top.
And secondly, Red Bull will have a tougher time criticising its engine partner – for the TAG Heuer rebranding should help a little in ensuring that Renault's name does not get dragged through the mud.
Closing the gap
Red Bull may then no longer be leading the charge to fast-track Renault's success, but that does not mean the French car manufacturer is simply sitting back.
Renault's Remi Taffin thinks that work done over the winter should allow it to have halved the gap it faced last year to Mercedes, something which should allow Red Bull to make progress too.
“We are looking at the first half of the step we are having to Mercedes,” explained Taffin. “When I say first half, it is because we never know how the competitors will improve over the winter.
“If we were a second off last year, maybe we will get back three or four tenths. We will see what we have got testing and racing.”
New way of working
One thing is clear, though: Renault will not be rushing things through to make rapid progress in 2016, no matter what noises come out of Milton Keynes.
Instead, it will all be about laying foundations for 2017: when Renault wants its own works team to enjoy the fruits of its labour.
“There is a stepped programme, but the programme is made for 2017,” added Taffin. “Obviously we are racing every other weekend in 2016, but it will still be driven by the fact of: is it a good thing for 2017? If yes, we do it.
“In 2016 we have to be humble because we want to finish races, and we want to be quicker and quicker. So we will see how we develop that strategy. It will be based on what we got up to last year.”
That is not to say, however, that there will not be any updates in 2016.
"You always push to have things at the earliest, and at one point you have to commit as you have to produce parts. So we will go through 2016 taking opportunities – and taking opportunities means you cannot have specific planning: and we have specific planning going to 2017."
Fresh motivation
If Red Bull is after some encouragement, though, it comes from the fact that amid all the restructuring going on at Renault for its works team, there is increased resources, input from Ilmor and management changes designed to deliver results that simply were not possible before.
"We've been empowered to achieve winning," said Taffin.
That means Taffin and his crew have the power now to dance to their own tune – and make developments as they see fit: rather than facing the pressure from Red Bull to deliver everything now.
"I think I am more confident that the decisions we will be making will be our decisions, so we have to be in charge of that decision and deliver," he said.
"The pressure, it is a good pressure, when you do decide things and you deliver that is a good thing. If you haven't got that pressure that you are obliged to do this or that or this step.
"If we had done a better job in 2014 or 2015, I don't think Red Bull would not be asking for more.
"Having Renault behind us, it gives us freedom that I can plan things for two or three years rather than answering a customer who wants something for the next race."
Marko games
Even so, we've already seen the first inkling that the political battleground between Red Bull and Renault will remain intense.
Only a few weeks ago, Helmut Marko suggested the French car manufacturer should throw all its weight behind his team rather than its own works outfit.
"If Renault were clever they would put everything on us, because with this team (Lotus) and these drivers they won't manage anything at all," he said.
For Renault's engine technical director Taffin, being on the receiving end of such politically-loaded comments is nothing new – and he brushes the situation off.
"If I was Dr. Marko, that is exactly what I would say," he smiles. "He has got his team, he wants the best for his team and he wants to win.
"I would have been surprised if he had said the opposite, to be fair, but this is my own judgement.
"After that, I think what will be delivered is the same engine as Renault. And, as we wish to make Renault win, at one point we will have to have a very good engine.
"So if it is still fitting that engine into his chassis then he should have a competitive package, because we know how they are capable of producing good chassis.
"That will make a good battle. I will be happy to get a fight with Red Bull and eventually win obviously."
Embracing the future
Taffin is clear that Renault's situation in F1 right now is not simply down to the fact that relations with Red Bull collapsed so it had to do its own thing.
Instead, its about believing and investing in a better future that can deliver results for his company.
"If you understand why Renault is back in F1, it has nothing to do with the past with Red Bull," he said. "It is what we want to achieve for the future."
And any progress that comes on the engine will help any car it is fitted in: whatever the colours are on the outside.
There has been much talk on the news lately about the mom who chose to have her dream home over having another child.
First of all, let me backtrack and say that it kills me that news stories say the mom is choosing. As if, as she says in the article, it wasn't part of a much longer discussion with her husband. So often, the media and society act as if the woman makes the decision with complete disregard to her spouse's wants or needs. This is almost never the case, unless the relationship is abusive or there are some other, very serious, underlying problems. Every couple that I know that either plans on having children in the future, or has them already, made that decision together. It was never one-sided.
But back to the main point -- choosing a home over a child. Many people may read this and be aghast. How can you prioritize a material item over having children? The woman who wrote the article has been called selfish, and much, much worse.
However, I fully support her decision.
Why?
Because just blindly having children, with no consideration to anything other than an urge to procreate, can have very serious ramifications. There are a large number of people who decide to have children without thinking of the monetary consequences (not to mention the physical, emotional, etc).
I'm not saying that money should be your only concern, but sitting down and seriously considering what it takes to have a child should be required. These include things such as the emotional support the child needs, the impact to your marriage, the changes in your lifestyle, the type of education you want to provide for that child, and on and on. There is so much more that goes into having a baby than just wanting to have one.
And all of this is, of course, assuming that the pregnancy is planned, which according to the American Journal of Public Health, is less than half of all pregnancies in the U.S.
You read that right -- over 50 percent of all pregnancies in the United States are unplanned. (Which is a whole other topic that I don't have the time to get into right now -- but this statistic indicates a serious problem.) Therefore, it is important to note that unintended pregnancies carry a host of problems for both the mother and child, including a lower likelihood to seek prenatal care during the first trimester and a greater likelihood to use alcohol and tobacco during pregnancy.[1] Additionally, the baby is at a greater chance of being born prematurely and with a low birth weight, and often has trouble breastfeeding.[2] This all carries into how the child will develop and grow, and sets them at a disadvantage from day one.
Even planned pregnancies come with high costs. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, it costs $245,000 to raise a child, and that doesn't even include things like saving for college.
So what is the point of all of this? That sitting down and actually planning out whether you can afford to have a child should be a priority for every family. As much as we all work to pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, it also helps to be born into a family that is financially, and emotionally, prepared to handle parenting.
A caveat here -- I know this assumes that everyone can plan their pregnancies, and it also assumes that everyone has access to birth control and a supportive partner that wants to discuss the planning of their family. I also know that access to reproductive healthcare is a huge problem in this country and that some marriages are not on equal playing terms. I wanted to make this point in an attempt to avoid some of the comments concerning my view coming from a place of privilege as a middle-class, white, heterosexual woman.
So, in the words of the great Bryan Safi and Erin Gibson (best podcast ever), "Let the haters begin!" as I know this woman has attracted so many for being open and sharing this. But I wanted her and others to know that I stand in full support of this decision and I wish more families discussed and decided on pregnancy with such forethought.
Image copyright Riba/Alamy
After London's Great Fire - 350 years ago this year - there were radical plans to transform the city. Modern architects have since used disasters as a chance to rebuild in a new way.
Sir Christopher Wren worked quickly.
His ambitious vision for a new London was submitted to King Charles II a little more than a week after the blaze was put out.
See Sir Christopher Wren's street plan for London after the Great Fire in 1666 Wrens 1666 plan Present day Source: Google Maps/Riba
Wren's plans feature in a new exhibition, Creation from Catastrophe, at the Royal Institute of British Architects.
"We are looking at the opportunities which terrible disasters have offered architects to rebuild cities around the world," says curator Jes Fernie.
Scroll down to see what London could have looked like - and how other places have been transformed after tragedy.
Before the Great Fire, the City of London was a huddled mass of timber-framed buildings.
The view below dates from 1560, with the city stretching from the Tower of London, in the east, to Fleet Street and The Strand in the west.
Image copyright Riba
The 1666 fire - which began in a bakery in Pudding Lane - raged for four days, and destroyed most of the medieval parts of the city.
Image copyright Getty Images
King Charles II invited architects and surveyors to present alternative reconstruction plans, with the proviso that:
"...no man whatsoever shal [sic] presume to erect any House or Building, great or small, but of Brick or Stone."
The exhibition - Creation from Catastrophe - looks at five of the plans submitted to build a new London.
RICHARD NEWCOURT'S RELIGIOUS RECTANGLES
"A series of public squares, and in the middle of each one a church and churchyard. It can be extended over and over again - it's a perfect grid plan," says curator Jes Fernie.
Image copyright London Metropolitan Archives
Some architectural historians believe Newcourt's idea formed the basis of the plan for Philadelphia - which in turn became the model for the American grid system.
Image copyright London Metropolitan Archives
VALENTINE KNIGHT'S TOLL CANAL
This is the proposal from army captain Valentine Knight - with long east/west streets and occasional north/south cross-sections.
"But also a new canal," says Fernie, "for which the king could charge a toll, to raise money to help rebuild London after the fire."
Image copyright Riba
If built, the canal would have met the River Fleet in the north-west, emerging in the Thames just to the west of the Tower of London.
But Charles II was not keen. He had Knight arrested for suggesting that the king might benefit financially from such a calamity.
ROBERT HOOKE'S CHECKED GRID
This next plan is attributed to philosopher and surveyor Robert Hooke - but the authorship cannot be 100% verified.
The un-shaded section on the map below shows the area destroyed by the Great Fire. The inset shows Hooke's radical vision.
Image copyright London Metropolitan Archives
His grid system would have been made up of broadly similar-sized blocks - a pattern subsequently used in other cities, such as Paris and Liverpool.
There would be four large market squares, with churches (marked "c" on the plan) every few blocks.
Image copyright London Metropolitan Archives
JOHN EVELYN'S ITALIAN AVENUES
Sir John Evelyn - today best known for the diaries he wrote - held prominent public positions under Charles II.
He travelled widely, particularly in Italy and France, and he wanted London to be rebuilt according to an Italian-style radial plan - with piazzas and broad avenues.
Image copyright Riba
CHRISTOPHER WREN'S PARISIAN VISION
Wren - best known for his reincarnation of St Paul's Cathedral after the fire - also had a wider vision for London.
Similar to John Evelyn, his plan would have seen narrow medieval streets replaced with wide avenues spreading out from piazzas.
Image copyright Riba
It was a formal street system that referenced his studies of Paris and Rome.
Image copyright Riba
But, as with the other four proposals above, most of Wren's ideas did not become reality - mainly due to lack of money and complex land ownership issues.
London's buildings were, in the main, rebuilt on their original plots - but using brick and stone instead of timber.
The earthquake which struck the Portuguese capital in 1755 killed tens of thousands of people.
Like London before the Great Fire, the city of Lisbon which stood before the quake was made up of narrow winding streets - "built around religion, not commerce", says Jes Fernie.
Image copyright Museum of Lisbon
The tragedy left King Joseph - and his Secretary of State, the Marquis of Pombal - with the opportunity of a clean slate, or in Latin "tabula rasa".
They decided to rebuild the city centre completely - using a grid system.
"Lisbon was positioning itself on the world stage," says Fernie. "It was saying 'we are rational, sturdy, stable and visionary'."
Image copyright Museum of Lisbon
"Lisbon also became one of the first cities to seismically test its buildings," says Fernie - albeit in a rudimentary fashion.
Image copyright Museum of Lisbon
And above, the Marquis of Pombal - the driving force behind the reconfiguration of Lisbon - invites you to appreciate the new city.
"There's no doubt that the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 played a big part in putting the Midwest US city on the world stage," says Jes Fernie.
The blaze, at the end of a long dry summer, paved the way for huge city expansion and the development of a new architectural style - the Chicago School.
Image copyright Chicago History Museum
"This is a really nice example of how real estate offices sprung up in the days after the fire," says Fernie of the photo below.
"It was very quick. So much about commerce and opportunity."
Image copyright Chicago History Museum
Daniel Burnham was the shrewd PR man, architect and master planner commissioned by the authorities to reconfigure the city.
"He had to sell his vision," says Fernie, "so he commissioned incredible watercolours."
"He was very much looking to Paris - there were boulevards and grand avenues - to give the impression of civilised life."
Image copyright Art Institute of Chicago
Fireproof metal frames for Chicago's new buildings helped lead to the first skyscrapers.
The next image shows the extent of the 1871 blaze - and an early high rise building in downtown Chicago, designed by Daniel Burnham's firm.
Image copyright Chicago History Museum/Riba
"Only about 20% of his plan was realised, but what is significant is the impact it had on the way Chicago was viewed across the world."
The area along the shore of Lake Michigan was one of Burnham's visions which did become reality.
Locals could promenade along the lakeside - which was built from debris from the fire.
Image copyright Chicago History Museum
The second part of the Riba exhibition - Creation from Catastrophe - looks at how current communities under threat can adapt to be ready for future challenges.
Image copyright NLE Architects
One example looks at Makoko floating school in a poor area of Lagos, Nigeria - where many people live on stilt structures above water.
Created by NLE Architects, it is half-building, half-boat.
Image copyright NLE Architects
"It's about developing a stable structure that will cope with the challenge of rising sea levels," says curator Jes Fernie.
Image copyright NLE Architects
"This isn't just about looking at Africa and thinking that's what they can do there," she concludes. "These ideas can be embraced in other parts of the world."
"We need to be thinking about the different ways that architecture will have to work with nature in the future."
Image copyright NLE Architects
All images subject to copyright.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
This is what Aesop sees in his nightmares.
I think I have fallen in love with this deck.
Welcome to Lord of the Things, the deck that makes Aesop see paperclips and little black boxes in his nightmares.
Its first iteration was on NRDB under the very colourful name YOU'RE FUCKED and was run out of Exile. I can't believe how a 6am idea evolved into a deck that is actually janky yet somewhat competitive.
Let's review the changes that happened since the previous version.
The elephant in the room: we're no longer playing Exile. As concluded in the previous decklist, everyone who plays Exile eventually is fucked. As such, I switched the deck to Hayley Kaplan because of the pure click compression. She can lay out the combo pieces in much fewer clicks and as such we're up and running much earlier and hopefully not get fucked.
I switched the breaker suite slightly. First of all, I got rid of the Mimic+Sadyojata engine I had in before in favour of something much more usable which is LLDS+Chameleon as our sentry solution. Chameleons are usually much cheaper to use than Mimics and can also deal with more annoying 4 strength sentries if only we have a single LLDS out. And, if we got all three, we can break DNA tracker on the cheap.
For code gates I removed the Cyber-Cypher and instead slotted in a Black Orchestra which makes the deck not shit itself if your opponent outright refuses to play Barriers. Also I find that with LLDS the Orchestra is not that horrible and even with base strength of 2 it can show some teeth.
I left Atman for corner cases of particularly annoying ICE or if the opponent decides to stack a lot of same-strength ICE (this is particularly common against HB). It's also good against more expensive to break stuff that would otherwise completely remove us from a server. Remember about LLDS though when you install it.
I included the goddamn Toolbox.
And also one Akamatsu Mem Chip. If you anticipate the deck going into late game, you desperately need the additional MU - six just doesn't cut it for the full house of breakers, flowers and other colourful things. I also tossed the Temujins and other unnecessary stuff to include Clone Chip and Hostage to tutor our stuff a lot more easily.
Let's talk about what this deck loses to.
It's not FA and it's not Glacier. Against FA you can usually install your entire engine with Hayley and do all those important runs. Chances are they will have very thin ice on R&D and HQ which will eventually allow you to R&D lock and literally print money. If the R&D ICE is something like a Vanilla or Resistor, the base engine of Flower+Aesop already lets you break it once a turn for free. Add to that any more pieces like another flower, Toolbox, Tech Writer or Charizard and you're instantly profiting.
Glacier is pretty much the reverse. Since you don't need to run that much you can focus on assembling the entire engine. Eventually you'll be profiting heavily off your breakers and getting into normally taxing servers for very cheap.
This horribly loses to net damage.
Anything that deals consistent net damage and is actually good (like Personal Evolution or Chronos Protocol) can screw up your day. You need a lot of skill to pilot this deck around such IDs and you also need to watch out the ultimate dayfucker which is of course Chronos Project. Seriously, if you get your breakers removed from the game with Chronos you might as well concede.
If you find you are getting murdered to often by net damage you might consider replacing Atman with Net Shield and try this deck with that.
May the Clippy be with you!
Many students gather on the Quad as a way for organizations to reach out to other students. On Thursday, Feb. 2nd, the Illini Hillel encouraged student solidarity through letter writing.
Many students gather on the Quad as a way for organizations to reach out to other students. On Thursday, Feb. 2nd, the Illini Hillel encouraged student solidarity through letter writing.
Many students gather on the Quad as a way for organizations to reach out to other students. On Thursday, Feb. 2nd, the Illini Hillel encouraged student solidarity through letter writing.
The Illini Hillel ran a tabling event on the Quad Thursday aimed to encourage inclusivity and positivity.
Illini Hillel is the center for Jewish life on campus. The tabling event was to give out free chocolate to everyone and then to write a message to promote campus inclusivity and to show that everybody on campus should be respected.
In an email, president of Illini Hillel, Danah Kirsh, said that the campus is experiencing a trying time with the emergence of a Divestment campaign. She said that it's important for students to remain positive and unified.
“In a time where we see a culture divisiveness on campus and in the broader community, the Jewish community at the University of Illinois is coming together to call for campus-wide unity, understanding, and inclusivity,” Kirsh said in an email.
Elana Blinder, sophomore in LAS, who is an active member in Illini Hillel, said that she thought it was really important to send the message that everyone on campus should be a part of a diverse and accepting environment.
“Especially today with President Trump in office, right now is really really essential that everyone comes together to be inclusive and accept each other and help each other to united as one,” Blinder said.
During the tabling session, Illini Hillel got a lot of people stopping by and wrote messages.
“We have posters right here that is colorful and everyone's writing in markers saying ‘respect all', ‘love is love', ‘love is all you need', ‘treat others the way you want to be treated',” Blinder said.
The Illini Hillel and Chabad worked with Illini Public Affairs Committee, or IlliniPAC, and Illini Students Supporting Israel, or ISSI, to share picture and encouraging messages from the event on social media.
In an email, Kirsh said that the event is supposed to be happy, encourage positive social media use, and to show cohesiveness between Jewish students and everyone else on campus.
“The purpose today is to promote campus inclusivity, and show the students on campus that we as the voice of the Jewish community accepts all people and want everyone to feel that they have a safe place on campus,” Blinder said. “A place where they can be free to practice their religion, their political views, their culture, their backgrounds, and to accept tolerance and have all people be treated equally and unite together.”
[email protected]
Next Chapter >
Sometimes a Speedhunters story takes weeks or months of preparation to organize. It can require dozens of emails or phone calls back and forth between us and owners of cars or shops we are planning to feature to make sure everything is set. On the other hand, there are those occasions where we just happen upon really cool stuff at random. That's the case with what I'm about to show you.
It began when I visited the Cal Trend paint shop in Saitama during my recent trip to Japan. I'd just wrapped up shooting Kondo-san's custom Mercury and was sitting inside the shop talking cars with the guys. This was when I was asked, “Hey, I know this place where they build some crazy Dekotora – wanna check it out?” First off, it would have been completely rude to say no. Second, I absolutely wanted to see it.
So we jumped into the car and took a short ride over to a local shop called Art Planning Yuuma. Now I'd seen Japan's famous Dekotora (translation: Decoration Trucks) once or twice before in Japan – usually out of the corner of my eye on the highway or at a parking area somewhere – but I never had the chance to look at one up close, let alone have an opportunity to see where they are created.
This is Kobayashi-san, the head of the shop and wearer of a very cool old school punch-perm hairdo – or as he describes it in broken English, “Japanese mafia hair”. Even though our visit was last minute, he was happy to show me around.
Custom big rigs aren't something we typically cover on Speedhunters, but I say it's near impossible not to be fascinated to these things. Dekotora (or ‘Art Trucks' as they're sometimes referred to) are after all, a big part of Japan's vehicular obsession.
Needless to say, Art Planning Yuuma was unlike any shop I have ever visited before. It was much more like a traditional engineering factory than any sort of tuning shop. But that's not surprising given the massive size of these trucks and the type of work that goes into them.
The shop makes its own dress-up parts for the trucks, along with one-off stainless steel fabrication and other custom work for those looking to really personalize their machine.
Some of the most popular additions to the body are light fixtures and these bumpers that closely resemble cow catchers from steam locomotives.
Besides the big garage and workshop area, Art Planning Yuuma also includes a retail store with a full stock of parts and accessories for truckers.
Some of the items in the shop are similar to what you'd find in a Super Autobacs or similar automotive accessories shop in Japan…
…while others are much more specific to the world of trucking.
The walls are filled with things like custom tail light set ups…
…and flashy license plate holders.
Just as it is with normal cars, there's an entire industry in Japan based around customizing these rigs. It doesn't matter whether it's someone trying to build a mind-blowing Dekotora or just a normal trucker looking to dress up his machine.
The store also stocks a big selection of accessories for the interiors of these rigs.
I'm sure some of this stuff will be recognizable to those familiar with Japan's VIP and Kyusha scenes. There's actually a fair bit of crossover between certain elements of the trucking world and the custom car scene that we all know.
For example, I'm sure you're all familiar with the extravagant bubble shift knobs that have found a home in many a drift car. These are quite big (no pun intended) among truckers as well.
Truck-specific shops like Art Planning Yuuma seem to the place to go if you fancy one of these bad boys for your rig. The selection was astonishing.
Can't forget about the stickers either. ‘Nihon', ‘Ichiban' or ‘Kamikaze'– take your pick.
After I had quick look around the shop, we hopped back in the car to go and check out one of Yuuma's demo trucks, which was parked a short distance away.
A few minutes later we arrived, and this radical beast sat before us. As I climbed out of the car and walked closer I wasn't quite sure whether I was looking at a Gundam or a dump truck!
From what Kobayashi-san tells me, this truck was built for a customer who paid cash up front for all the custom work. Once he saw the finished product he was so happy that he didn't want to use it anymore, so the rig has basically become a demo vehicle for the shop.
And like a true Dekotora it looks more like a sci-fi movie prop than it does any sort of normal big rig. Besides the obvious spaceship and robot comparisons, this truck also reminded me of the locomotive time machine that Doc Brown shows up in at the end of Back to the Future III.
Just look at the front bumper with its array of lights. As for the headlamps themselves, can anyone guess what make and model of car they came from?
As you find with custom vans in Japan, a lot of Dekotora are covered with images of Japanese pop culture, be it a famous idol singer or characters from popular animation and comic books.
It would be a letdown for such a wild looking machine to have a standard interior, and the cab of this truck certainly doesn't disappoint.
The entire cockpit of the rig is covered in Louis Vuitton style pattern from top to bottom. Could this be the world's most luxurious dump truck?
There's also a selection of monitors which are hooked to small cameras mounted all around the truck.
With all of the custom work put into this truck, it's hard to believe that it was originally designed for the utilitarian task of hauling around dirt, rocks and scrap metal.
I imagine that “subtlety” is probably not a term used often among the Dekotora community, and that's perfectly fine.
Not only are these creations unique to Japan, but they also tap into that love of big trucks and working vehicles that so many of us had as kids. It's that youthful fascination that have led many of us to become the car-obsessed adults that we are today.
If you ever have the chance to see a real Dekotora in person, I guarantee you won't be able to wipe the smile off your face.
Mike Garrett
mike@dev.speedhunters.com
Instagram : speedhunters_mike
The Constitution of the United States is arguably the most important document in the history of this country, aside from possibly the Declaration of Independence. It forms the backbone of America's most basic rights, liberties, and laws upon which democracy is founded.
In its original form, the Constitution contained no mention of drugs or alcohol. In order to enact alcohol prohibition, the Eighteenth Amendment was introduced and ratified in 1919, specifically stating that the production, transport, and sale of alcohol was illegal. The prohibition of alcohol lasted 13 years, until the Twenty-first Amendment was introduced to repeal the Eighteenth Amendment in its entirety and re-legalize alcohol.
There is no mention of cannabis, nor any other drugs, in the Constitution. Does that mean that the prohibition of cannabis is unconstitutional?
There is no mention of cannabis, nor any other drugs, in the Constitution. Does that mean that the prohibition of cannabis is unconstitutional?
The first international prohibition of drugs came in the form of the International Opium Convention, an international drug treaty commissioned in response to the rising opium trade. The International Opium Convention was signed on January 23, 1912 and went into force globally in 1919, when it was incorporated into the Treaty of Versailles. The initial objective of the treaty was not prohibition or criminalization of drugs, but rather restricting exports of opium, coca, and cannabis.
In the United States, the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 was the first law of its kind to deem cannabis, along with alcohol, morphine, and opium, as “addictive and/or dangerous.” The law required drug labels to list any of these ingredients, and was primarily a “truth in labeling” law, although it was credited with paving the way for the eventual creation of the Food and Drug Administration. Curiously, cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and other such drugs continued to be available legally without a prescription, so long as they were properly labeled.
Then, along came Harry Anslinger.
As head of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics, Anslinger took note of the rising use of cannabis in the 1930's. In 1935, he urged Franklin D. Roosevelt to adopt the Uniform State Narcotic Act, using the Hearst newspaper chain to promote the campaign. The Uniform State Act defined “habit forming drugs” as coca leaves, opium, “cannabis indica,” or “cannabis sativa,” and although only nine states adopted the regulations, it was drafted without any scientific study or evidentiary basis for the marijuana section.
Anslinger continued on a nationwide campaign against cannabis, declaring that marijuana causes temporary insanity. He produced films and advertisements that featured young people smoking cannabis, committing crimes, and killing themselves or others. This is exemplified in the infamous propaganda film, Reefer Madness.
The U.S. government official also made no compunctions about whom, exactly, the campaign was aimed against. “Reefer makes darkies think they're as good as white men,” Anslinger said. “The primary reason to outlaw marijuana is its effect on the degenerate races.” He also offered a charming portrait of the average cannabis consumer, to his knowledge. “Most are Negroes, Hispanics, Filipinos, and entertainers. Their Satanic music, jazz and swing, result from marijuana use. This marijuana causes white women to seek sexual relations with Negroes, entertainers, and any others.”
In 1937, Anslinger drafted the Marijuana Tax Act, which did not criminalize the possession or use of cannabis; rather, it imposed a tax equaling roughly one dollar on anyone commercially dealing in cannabis or hemp.
Dr. William Woodward, legislative counsel to the American Medical Association, vehemently opposed the bill, noting that much of the “evidence” presented originated from Anslinger himself, and that the use of the word “marijuana,” which was largely unknown at the time, prevented physicians from realizing they would lose cannabis as medicine. “Marijuana is not the correct term,” argued Woodward. “Yet the burden of this bill is placed heavily on the doctors and pharmacists of this country.”
Anslinger may not have actually created the law to prohibit cannabis, but he is certainly responsible for changing the public perception of cannabis from an innocuous substance available in many tinctures and medicines at the pharmacy to a dangerous, addictive, stigmatized drug, a perception that persists today.
In 1969, Richard Nixon drafted the Controlled Substances Act, the legislation that criminalized the use and possession of cannabis, and ruled that marijuana has a high potential for abuse and no established medicinal value. The term “controlled substance” was defined to exclude alcohol and tobacco, an important exemption, as these are two of the most widely used drugs (with some of the most addictive properties).
The United States Constitution was drafted in order to spread power among many groups, by a system of checks and balances to ensure that no one person has too much power. Thus, the Controlled Substances Act could be changed by the Attorney General, the Drug Enforcement Administration, Congress, the Department of Health and Human Services, or by petition from any interested party.
Since 1970, there have been numerous petitions to reschedule cannabis. The first petition was filed by NORML in 1972 and was not given a hearing until 1986, and another attempt in 1981 from Representative Stewart McKinney was also shot down. Since then, it has been a recurrent theme of petition and denial through the years.
Francis L. Young, DEA Administrative Law Judge “Marijuana, in its natural form, is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man.”
During a hearing on the subject in 1988, DEA Administrative Law Judge Francis L. Young concluded that, “In strict medical terms, marijuana is far safer than many foods we commonly consume…Marijuana, in its natural form, is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man.”
Whether or not the prohibition of cannabis is unconstitutional, perhaps it is time to reconsider whether the prohibition of cannabis is truly for the safety of the country, or simply for the peace of mind of a few select opponents still entrenched in the past.
Image copyright Aberdeen FC
Aberdeen FC has submitted its planning application for a new stadium on the outskirts of the city.
The stadium and training facilities would be built at Kingsford, close to the Aberdeen bypass, near Westhill.
The ground would have a capacity of 20,000. The club believes the new stadium is vital if it is to achieve a sustainable future.
However, there has been some protest. Opponents are to deliver information packs to local residents.
In July last year, the Say No To Kingsford Stadium group vowed to continue its campaign despite saying it was facing online abuse.
Aberdeen FC said the club condemned any such abuse.
The Dons had been considering a relocation to Loirston, to the south of Aberdeen, but the proposal was marred by planning difficulties.
Chairman Stewart Milne has described Kingsford as "an ideal location for supporters".
Image copyright Aberdeen FC
This being the era of the space race, and just a few years after President Kennedy's call to put a man on the moon, the subjects, researchers, and NASA alike saw the cave jaunt as a window in to what astronauts might experience on long, lonely space missions.
The experience was definitely trying. Upon her exit, Laures told the Associated Press:
I am so happy to have lasted it out, that I have forgotten everything. I can tell you though that it became very difficult toward the end and I felt terribly worn out … At the start of my stay I read, and then I lost the desire. I didn't suffer from the cold. I was well heated in my little tent. My tape recorder refused to work the first few days, but later I managed to repair it and I listened to music. Outside of that I knitted, and knitted some more, and looked forward to the time when I would finally see the sun.
But aside from that, the many old AP and Reuters articles I read about Senni and Laures didn't say much about their physical and mental states post-emergence. Senni was apparently pronounced “in very good physical shape” by someone at the control point. And Michel Siffre, the speleologist who oversaw the experiment, told the AP that Laures was “in perfect health” after her stay, according to the hospital tests, though he noted that she had some temporary color-blindness, and trouble getting back to a normal sleep pattern, which does not sound perfect to me.
Later studies on isolation have found not only effects on sleep cycles but anxiety, hallucinations, and a decline in mental performance. These were sensory deprivation studies, though, and at least in the caves, the subjects were welcome to read or knit or listen to music.
Siffre's isolation studies, of which Laures's and Senni's was but one, drew criticism as well as admiration.
“Some people think he is a bad boy,” the chronobiologist Franz Halberg told The Los Angeles Times in 1988. “But Siffre does what nobody else will do. He has, by far, the longest records of people in isolation. Others who have studied similar situations have done it for weeks; he has done it for months.”
Siffre also experimented on himself. In 1962, a couple years before Laures and Senni descended into their own stalagmite-studded holes, Siffre spent two months in a glacial cave in the Alps. Ten years later, in 1972, he did an even longer stint—six months in a cave near Del Rio, Texas.
“Physically it was not tiring, but mentally it was hell,” Siffre told the German magazine Der Spiegel, in 2014.
Siffre was so lonely in the Texas cave that he attempted to catch a mouse to keep as a pet. According to Der Spiegel, he spread jam on the floor of the cave, and while the mouse was licking it, brought a dish down over it to trap it. But he aimed poorly, and when he lifted the dish, the mouse had been crushed to death by the dish's edge. “Desolation overwhelms me,” he reportedly wrote in his diary.
Laures, too, turned to rodents for friendship during her time in the cave, but with happier results. “A white mouse was her sole companion during the three-month ordeal,” the AP reported. “It came through the experiment in good shape.”
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Greenleaf Manor in Glenview Alana Semuels
The city, long divided into black and white neighborhoods, is asking affluent counties to pitch in.
GLENVIEW, Ill.—This town boasts stellar schools, two golf courses, a children's museum, and the corporate offices of a handful of big companies, including Kraft Foods. Many wealthy, white communities like this one would not welcome an affordable housing development. Perhaps residents wouldn't say so outright, but instead they might pass laws prohibiting apartment buildings or deny permits to units targeted at low-income people. But that's not the case here. A 20-unit development called Greenleaf Manor, with most of the units set aside for low-income people, was completed early last year. Some of the units can only be rented to people who hold Section 8 vouchers, a class of people that landlords in the suburbs often avoid. And the building, which looks like new condo construction, was completed without a peep of objection from the wealthy town where it is located. How did this happen? Why is an affluent suburb like Glenview open to the sort of development other similar places have shut down?
The answer is a novel collaboration among Cook County and a group of other counties in the Chicago region, including suburban DuPage, McHenry, Lake, and Waukegan. These counties have created a mechanism for pooling their resources so that low-income people who would normally live in the urban core of Chicago can move to more rural and suburban areas. As housing advocates criticize the Housing Choice Voucher program, colloquially known as Section 8, for segregating poor residents in high-poverty neighborhoods, the Chicago collaboration could provide a model for how to make Section 8 work. The collaboration began in 2002, when the Chicago Housing Authority and the housing authorities of Lake and Cook Counties created a collaboration called the Regional Housing Initiative (RHI). Its goal was to spearhead the construction of affordable housing in “opportunity areas,” which are essentially middle- or upper-income neighborhoods with good schools and safe streets. Today there are nine public housing authorities that participate in the collaborative. Here's how it works: Through the Regional Housing Initiative, the housing authorities pool a portion of their Section 8-voucher funds and use that money to subsidize the construction of affordable developments in areas with a low poverty rate, a high homeownership rate, good schools, and access to jobs. The Section 8 units in those developments are then accessible to voucher-holders from all of the participating counties, and many of the other units are set aside for low-income people.
Developments Built Through the Regional Housing Initiative Typically, small counties and towns don't have enough voucher funds to underwrite projects like these developments—before the collaboration, no suburban housing authority in Chicago had built affordable housing with voucher funds. Chicago, on the other hand, has the most vouchers in the region by far, but does not have many options for new housing in safe, high-opportunity neighborhoods. By pooling resources and allowing voucher-holders to move across the entire area, the Regional Housing Initiative has given poorer people access to towns and communities they would have otherwise been excluded from. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... This has a number of benefits. It guarantees that voucher-holders will be able to find units in good neighborhoods. It helps finance construction of mixed-income units in the suburbs, where the price of land often makes it tough to do affordable developments. When the state of Illinois distributes low-income housing tax credits, which are essential for developers who want to build affordable housing without losing money, it favors projects that have Section 8 units, so these units are also more likely to get funded than, for example, affordable units in struggling neighborhoods with no Section 8 units. The project has been responsible for building 2,047 new apartment units in 30 developments since then. About 467 of those units are reserved for residents making less than half of the area median income. The units are all over the area, including in tony suburbs like Glenview. “It's really in some ways a workaround that we've created in the Chicago area to create more affordable and mixed-income housing in suburban opportunity areas,” Breann Gala, a project manager at the Metropolitan Planning Council, which helps run the RHI, told me. “We see this as a tool for both de-concentrating poverty and promoting access to opportunity.” The program has helped people like Denise Boyd, who lived in the North Side of Chicago, in an apartment building that she said got a little too busy at night. When she got off the Section 8 waiting list two years, ago, she says, she was skeptical about the idea of moving to Glenview.
Her kids liked the Chicago school they were in and had friends there, and Boyd goes to church frequently and didn't like the idea of a 45-minute drive, or more, just to get to church. But then she visited Glenview and loved the trees and flowers in the Glenview building, which has a community garden and a big lawn. The stores are nicer in Glenview, she said, and the schools are excellent, too. “Adults have to realize, when you have kids, it's all about your children now,” she told me. “You have to make sure your children are happy and safe.” While RHI has been effective at convincing both suburban and urban housing authorities to participate in the program, other factors helped too. For example, the recession of 2008 meant that developers had parcels of land that they couldn't offload, and were amenable to selling them to people interested in building affordable housing for fair prices. The recession also meant that many municipalities were looking for ways to encourage building on land that had once been zoned for manufacturing or business. The town of Crystal Lake, for instance, changed some zoning laws during the recession to allow the construction of certain apartment units, and the town now has a 60-unit development—many of which are affordable—complete with a pool, volleyball courts, and an exercise center. Residents have been complimenting the townhouses going up, not even knowing the units are for low-income residents. “Local towns are now more open to non-traditional uses of suburban land,” Julie Biel Claussen, the head of the McHenry County Housing Authority, told me. Before the Crystal Lake project was built, suburban residents worried that affordable housing would look like Cabrini Green, Claussen said. But now that affordable units have been built through the Regional Housing Initiative, residents have been complimenting the townhouses going up, not even knowing the units are for low-income residents.
“It's a great way to show that affordable housing isn't just a warehouse of poor people,” she said. Housing advocates have long debated the merits of moving low-income families from high-poverty urban areas to suburbs like Glenview. The move can be challenging for families, who leave behind family and friends and enter a new, affluent world. But the research is increasingly conclusive: Living in a “good” zip code dramatically improves kids' chances of going to college, getting a good job, and escaping poverty. And yet, it can be hard to convince voucher-holders to move to the suburbs. Boyd worried that she would face racism, and that her children wouldn't like being among only a handful of black kids at their school. Boyd says the move was difficult—her kids miss their friends, and Boyd's own friends who use public transit never come out to visit, because it's so difficult to get to Glenview. She still hasn't found a church she likes—the ones in Glenview are “Catholic or Matholic or who knows what,” she joked. (To help with these sorts of difficulties, the Regional Housing Initiative is testing a program that will give voucher-holders money to move to high opportunity areas, and should have some results by the fall.) But Boyd, who has a disabled son, says all of those obstacles are nothing compared to the piece of mind she's gotten living in a quiet area with good schools. The move might have been difficult, but it will lead to better life outcomes for her children, she said.
Boyd now joins the ranks of hundreds of low-income Chicago families who have helped test new housing strategies. For half a century, Chicago was a prime example of how housing policy could perpetuate segregation. Its public-housing authority built new complexes in predominantly black areas as white areas refused to approve new public housing, a practice that led to a lawsuit in 1969. As part of a settlement, the Gautreaux program moved more than 3,000 black families to the suburbs. Later, a program known as Moving to Opportunity sought to do the same thing. But when studies raised questions about the effectiveness of these programs, they ended. Instead, the majority of families lived in complexes not all too different from the infamous Cabrini Green, and when that was dismantled, they moved to other majority-black, low-income neighborhoods. But by 2002, business leaders and suburban mayors were recognizing that the segregation of low-income residents in the urban core was holding back the region's economy. Companies located in the suburbs couldn't find entry-level service workers, and when they did, those workers would have hours-long commutes through heavy traffic, and would have problems getting to work in inclement weather. The Regional Housing Initiative was founded with the goal of creating more affordable housing for low-income workers in the suburbs. “We're increasingly seeing this as a strategy that's not just about individual gains, but really about the aggregate economic impact of the whole region,” said Marisa Novara, with the Metropolitan Planning Council. “Knowing that we need low- and high-skilled labor to be able to converge around jobs, we need people of different incomes to be able to live around the region.” This post originally appeared on The Atlantic.
HEMSPTEAD, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — A middle school teacher is recovering from a beating in school, and police say it was at the hands of a student's mother.
Annika McKenzie, 34, marched into her daughter's school, the Alberta Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, Wednesday where police said she nearly choked the life out of a veteran math teacher, CBS2's Carolyn Gusoff reported.
McKenzie was charged with second-degree assault, 1010 WINS' Mona Rivera reported.
McKenzie pleaded not guilty Thursday. She posted $10,000 bail and did not speak to reporters after her arraignment.
Police: Woman, Juvenile Charged With Assault On Hempstead Middle School Teacher
According to police, McKenzie struck the female teacher, put her in a headlock, causing her to lose consciousness, and threw her to the ground.
The teacher suffered a concussion, 1010 WINS reported, and was taken to Winthrop-University Hospital.
“She can barely talk. She is emotionally drained,” said Elias Mestizo, president of the Hempstead Teacher's Association.
“The teacher fell to the ground. The teacher was put in a chokehold, lost consciousness for a few minutes,” said Mestizo.
That's when police say McKenzie's 14-year-old niece joined in and punched the teacher, sprawled unconscious on the floor, in the head, Gusoff reported.
She was charged as a juvenile.
McKenzie claims tempers flared because earlier in the day because the teacher laid her hands on her daughter.
“Obviously she is very upset but you would also be upset if someone was manhandling your child,” said McKenzie's attorney, Donald Rollock.
The union says there's no evidence the teacher touched the child who was misbehaving in a hallway, Gusoff reported.
Hempstead Superintendent Susan Johnson told Mestizo that the district acted swiftly in regards to the incident.
“We are doing everything possible to ensure a safe environment for students and the staff,” said Hempstead School Board President LaMont Johnson. “The incident that took place we are doing our best to make sure it doesn't happen again.”
The union is demanding a security review, saying McKenzie got past security without clearance.
“Yesterday we saw what we never want to see anywhere. We come here to teach. We come here to do our jobs. We do not come here to get hurt,” said Mestizo.
The teacher is in pain and is recovering at home. She was too shaken up to tell her story, but police say the attack on her was caught on video and it's now evidence in this criminal case, Gusoff reported.
Don't tell me. I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear the attacks in Paris have nothing to do with Islam.
Because here's the rub. Any man shouting Allahu Akbar as he blows himself to paradise is an adherent of the same religion and scriptures children are forced to learn, repeat and regurgitate by Muslims clerics the world over.
Or, as Peter Quinn, the CIA hitman from Homeland, put it in a remarkably prescient episode from the current series broadcast six weeks ago: '(ISIS) has a clear strategy. A strategy which includes beheadings, crucifixions, and the revival of slavery, and it all derives from their f*cking book, the only book they ever read.'
Peter Quinn, the CIA hitman from Homeland, put it in a remarkably prescient episode from the current series broadcast six weeks ago: '(ISIS) has a clear strategy. A strategy which includes beheadings, crucifixions, and the revival of slavery, and it all derives from their f*cking book, the only book they ever read'
In fact the scene when he tells the CIA and US military top brass the brutal truth about ISIS is worth reading in full:
CIA official: You said a program should be renewed. I'm asking is our strategy working?
Peter Quinn: What strategy?Tell me what the strategy is and I'll tell you if it's working. [Silence] See, that right there is the problem because they - they have a strategy. They're gathering right now in Raqqa by the tens of thousands, hidden in the civilian population, cleaning their weapons and they know exactly why they're there.
CIA official: Why is that?
Peter Quinn: They call it the end times. What do you think the be-headings are about? The crucifixions in Deir Hafer, the revival of slavery? Do you think they make this s*** up? It's all in the book. Their f****** book. The only book they ever read - they read it all the time. They never stop. They're there for one reason and one reason only: to die for the Caliphate and usher in a world without infidels. That's their strategy and it's been that way since the seventh century. So do you really think that a few special forces teams are going to put a dent in that?
CIA official: Well what would you do?
Peter Quinn: Are you offering me a promotion?
CIA official: I'm offering you a hypothetical.
Peter Quinn: Two-hundred thousand American troops on the ground indefinitely to provide security and support for an equal number of doctors and elementary school teachers.
CIA official: Well that's not going to happen.
Peter Quinn: Then I better get back there.
CIA official: What else? What else would make a difference?
Peter Quinn: Hit reset.
CIA official: Meaning what?
Peter Quinn: Meaning pound Raqqa (ISIS's stronghold) into a parking lot.
No wonder that clip's going viral.
Quinn's advice to the packed briefing room? Pound Raqqa into a parking lot
As with 9/11, 7/7, the Charlie Hebdo massacres, and the public beheading in the UK of drummer Lee Rigby, the race to find the Paris killers has been equaled only by the rush of the usual liberal fluff-muffins to distance ‘moderate' Muslims from the ideology of the terrorists.
The writers behind ‘Homeland' are acutely aware of the vast gulf between what the population thinks and what the politicians would have them believe.
What we are not allowed to think is that anything intrinsic to Muslim culture perpetuates these atrocities.
And what politicians would have us believe is that in no way are the acts of suicide bombers linked to a religion which encourages exactly that.
And yet parallels are easily drawn. If 27% of British Muslims had sympathy with the Charlie Hebdo attacks and 100% think homosexuality should be banned, just how wide is the gulf between mainstream Muslims and ISIS stalwarts throwing gay men from buildings or emptying Kalashnikov's into the crowds.
In Homeland Quinn says, 'they're there for one reason and one reason only,' and continues, ‘to die for the Caliphate and usher in a world without infidels. That's their strategy and it's been that way since the 7th century.'
Asked about American strategy in Syria, Quinn can only look puzzled: there is no strategy.
Sadly, fact is even more tragic than fiction.
Obama looks like a man stalling for time until he can hand over the keys of the White House to someone with the stomach for a fight. Francoise Hollande at least rightly said the terrorist attacks in Paris were an act of war
Even after Paris Obama looks like a man stalling for time until he can hand over the keys of the White House to someone with the stomach for a fight. Obama is talking a good game—of standing shoulder to shoulder with France.
Francoise Hollande said the terrorist attacks in Paris were an act of war. And I believe he is right. But are we gathering the armies of the European Union to help them?
No. Leaders of the free world are busy tweeting empty words and taking selfies of their sad faces.
But no one is coordinating a unified defence of Western freedoms. We have singularly failed to bridge the vast gulf between sympathy and action.
And if Muslims want to distance themselves from the extremists lurking at the periphery of their religion, they would be wise to walk in a different direction, to speak out against the terror behind this 'religion of peace'.
Where is this show of defiance? How often do we hear Muslim clerics denounce the actions of terrorists in their ranks? The answer is: nowhere and not enough.
Declare yourselves. Whose side are you on? Theirs or ours? Are you looking for shelter? Or harboring hate?
Liberals would like us to believe we are part of a vibrant multicultural society. The reality is that we are not a blend of cultures living together harmoniously. We are a culture on course to be eradicated by a more determined one.
Quinn says his strategy for Syria would be two-hundred thousand American troops on the ground indefinitely to provide security and support for an equal number of doctors and elementary school teachers.
Test Your Knowledge - and learn some interesting things along the way.
Did you expect "comestible" to be a noun meaning "food"? You're probably not alone. As it happens, "comestible" is used both as an adjective and a noun. The adjective is by far the older of the two; it has been part of English since at least the 1400s. (In fact, one of its earliest known uses was in a text printed in 1483 by William Caxton, the man who established England's first printing press.) The noun (which is most often used in the plural form, "comestibles") dates only from 1837. It made its first appearance in a novel in which a character fortified himself with "a strong reinforcement of comestibles."
Examples
The November issue of the magazine was filled with recipes for an old-fashioned Thanksgiving feast, including candied yams, homemade cranberry sauce, mincemeat pie, and other comestible delights.
"This year's delegates (that's what people who attend the Oct. 25-29 [culinary] festival are called) will find a focus on comestible diversity across regions...." - From an article by Jamila Robinson in The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, September 30, 2012
The cryptocurrency Bitcoin has been in the news lately with a sudden surge in value followed by a spectacular crash – not to mention the unfortunate tale of $US4 million in bitcoin on a hard drive that was accidentally dumped in a rubbish tip. Bitcoin was the first widely used cryptocurrency, but few people know it is not the only one. So how do the top five cryptocurrencies by capitalisation compare?
Bitcoin picture from Shutterstock
Bitcoin
The core of Bitcoin is a loose alliance of people ("miners") who process and add transactions to the Bitcoin public record and get rewarded with Bitcoins for their efforts. This process (predictably enough) is called mining. Changes to the mining process are negotiated and when 80% of miners agree, the change becomes mandatory.
This process has worked well because the miners have an interest in keeping a stable reliable system that does not drop in price or go into a bubble then crash. The value of a Bitcoin is set by the market, which is the shared delusion of market players as there is no backing to the currency.
In terms of risk it sits somewhere between the share market, which can drop significantly but seldom to zero, and the derivatives market where you can lose more than you invested.
While Bitcoin transactions are public the true identities can be hidden so it's an easy way to purchase illegal goods or shift money around the world from one Bitcoin wallet to another and then to a normal currency. The low transaction fees and inability to track and tax money also appeals to some.
So why even look at alternatives to Bitcoin? There are two main reasons:
the recent burst of the Bitcoin bubble there's a problem with the rewards to keep miners in the system. Mining rewards are dropping and eventually there will be no more new Bitcoins mined, as there is an inbuilt limit of 21 million Bitcoins. Will the very small transaction fees be enough to keep honest miners in the system – or will transaction fees need to rise?
Litecoin
By capitalisation, the next biggest cryptocurrency is Litecoin. It's built on Bitcoin ideals but aims to have a wider range of miners with algorithms that do not give a great advantage to hi-tech miners. This aim has been only partially met. Tweaks such as faster transactions and a bigger currency limit also help but the same problems that plague Bitcoin will also affect Litecoin.
While the value of Litecoin jumped 100% in 24 hours at one point, it also dropped 80% over time.
Bitcoin can be converted into other currencies quite easily but to date this is difficult with Litecoin and the other cryptocurrencies, the best path being to Bitcoin then a normal currency.
Peercoin
Peercoin has a built-in interest rate of 1 per cent per year, which is trivial compared to exchange rate movements. Each transaction costs 0.01 Litecoin which does not suit high volume or low value trading.
At present it has a centralised transaction checking system, controlled by Peercoin's creator Sunny King. In theory this will be removed down the track, but for now, it remains.
Namecoin
Namecoin is built on Bitcoin technology but adds a parallel internet which is uncensored and outside government control. While lack of government control sounds appealing it also implies that security exploits will not be blocked by the know-how of big corporate carriers or the government.
As a result Namecoin is a much riskier option than Bitcoin, which does diminish Namecoin's attraction.
Quarkcoin
In concept, Quarkcoin (or Quark) is close to Litecoin. It has faster transaction times than Bitcoin (typically a few minutes versus an hour). Its security algorithms are much more advanced than Bitcoin and this means that normal PCs can be competitive in mining coins. Miners who buy expensive high speed machines for Quarkcoin will have much less of an advantage than those doing the same for Bitcoin.
Does encryption matter?
The new cryptocurrencies discussed here are based on Bitcoin but all have added tweaks which may make them better technologies in the longer term. For now Bitcoin is by far the biggest with about $US12 billion value which is some 16 times bigger than its nearest rival Litecoin. Bitcoin is also a proven technology that has withstood the acid test of many hacking attacks.
In the long-term, a concern is the weakness of the SHA-2 encryption algorithm which is the basis of all cryptocurrencies above, with the exception of Quarkcoin.
For now it appears impossible to crack but who knows what the amazing computer power of security agencies can do now, and what commodity computers will do in five years time. Quarkcoin may be the better long-term bet with its superior security algorithms and faster transaction times.
Now back to you
When should you use a cryptocurrency? If you are an investor who enjoys playing the market then all cryptocurrencies have a lot of ups and downs and if you get it right there is money to be made.
There is a lot of good theory about boom and bust in speculative markets. Expect to lose if you are not a knowledgeable investor who is familiar with charting and market psychology. Margin trading is already happening, so you can profit (or lose) on rises and falls in cryptocurrencies.
There are many tales of fraud and other problems so be very careful and read a lot before you do anything. Some claim the market is being manipulated by big players who can cause booms and busts and make money from it.
The long term investment value of cryptocurrencies is uncertain. The current crop of reports about sudden fortunes being made is in no way a good predictor for the future.
If cryptocurrencies are like other speculative activities, the early players and the big players benefit to the detriment of the late entrants and the small players. Given the recent spike in cryptocurrency values we are most likely past the early entry stage.
There is an increase in real businesses willing to accept Bitcoin and this may help the long term outlook. You can see Bitcoin maps which show businesses that accept Bitcoins, most of which are in the US.
The majority of cryptocurrency activity still appears to be speculative rather than usage as a currency. If this state of affairs starts to reverse then cryptocurrencies may do well; if not then the whole concept may die like the great South Sea Bubble.
Probably the biggest practical use for cryptocurrencies is in international money transfers where the overheads of credit card fees and currency exchange margins are ridiculously high.
Moving your Bitcoins into normal cash still attracts fees of around 5% including buying and selling, so real savings will only be made if your destination is happy to work with Bitcoin.
Cryptocurrencies are fascinating and the appeal of easy money may grab the imagination. If you still fancy cryptocurrencies then do a lot of homework before spending any serious money because there are serious dangers and you could easily lose money rather than make a profit.
Pj Radcliffe is Senior Lecturer in Electrical and Computer Engineering at RMIT University. He does not work for, consult to, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organisation that would benefit from this article, and has no relevant affiliations.
Why The Political Conversations In Utah Are About Voting Blue Or Independent
Utah, traditionally a red state, might vote for a Democrat or an Independent this November. NPR's Scott Simon talks to Utah blogger C. Jane Kendrick about how she is watching the election.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
Here's how the presidential candidates polled this week in one U.S. state - Hillary Clinton - 26 percent; Donald Trump - 26 percent, which means there's still a lot of room left for other candidates. Libertarian Gary Johnson and Evan McMullin, an independent conservative, are polling in the double digits in this state. And this state is Utah, a state that usually votes for Republican presidential candidates.
And so for today's political chat with people who are not in politics, we're joined by someone who really knows Utah. C. Jane Kendrick is a columnist and blogger. She joins us now from Provo, Utah. Ms. Kendrick, thanks very much for being with us.
C. JANE KENDRICK: Thank you for having me.
SIMON: We will begin by noting - I guess you're openly supporting Hillary Clinton.
KENDRICK: I am, yes.
SIMON: But what kind of political conversations have you been having this year?
KENDRICK: Oh, it's been rough to be a Hillary Clinton supporter in Utah. But that's not different from what we're used to. You know, it almost feels like here we are at the end and things are imploding in the Trump campaign and you almost think, OK, maybe we can get people to look at Hillary as a viable choice. And then along comes Evan McMullin and starts to steal that Mormon vote away. And he - I think he has ideas that make people feel very safe here.
SIMON: What have personal conversations been like for you this election year? Are there friendships that have broken up, marriages that have broken up or at least been put in the deep freeze?
KENDRICK: Yes, so, you know, when I think about how people feel about Hillary here in Utah, it's not simply that they disagree with her. It's that they hate her. I think there's a character assassination that happened in the 1990s, long before she ever ran and I think long before Bill was president, that started with questioning women's roles and gender roles. I think she really pushed Utah's buttons.
SIMON: Well, what about the other major party candidate?
KENDRICK: Donald Trump.
SIMON: That's the guy.
KENDRICK: I think that there was, at the beginning, a desire to just vote along party lines. And, you know, we're loyalists here to the Republican Party. And it was interesting to me that all along the way people were saying, oh, man, it's awful. He's awful. He's an awful choice, but Supreme Court - and, you know, there was all these reasons why you could still vote for him. But then when the tapes came out and the allegations came out, I think it just all fell apart here. I mean, you simply can't, as a Mormon, defend that.
SIMON: May I ask, have you always had these political inclinations or has it been building?
KENDRICK: Absolutely not. I grew up with very active political parents, very conservative. And I think it was when Obama was running against Mitt Romney, that's when I kind of woke up politically because I started to feel like there was this assumption that I was going to vote for Mitt Romney because he was Mormon. And that really ate at me. I really needed to sit down and figure that out. And when all was said and done, I came out as a Democrat, which was surprising to me. I also grew up as a Hillary hater. You know, that's - that was one of the languages that I learned as a teenager, was how to hate Hillary Clinton.
SIMON: Wow, why?
KENDRICK: I think she just - she poses a huge threat to the system that works in Utah. I think she poses a threat to the patriarchal system. She poses a threat to gender roles. Everything that I was taught to hold dear is the opposite of what Hillary has - who she is, except for, you know, being a grandmother and a mother, which I think a lot of women here, in my past, growing up, would say perhaps she didn't do enough of that.
SIMON: I am struck by something I gather you wrote after the Boston Marathon bombing. And you talked about how difficult it was to rear children at a time like this and wrote, quote, "the world is rotting with tragedy and hate."
KENDRICK: Yeah, it can feel that way, if we focus on it, I think. And this is sort of what I think is happening - and we've seen happen with Obama's presidency - is that it's waking us up. It certainly woke us up to racism. So many of us did not understand racism until now. And I think about having a female president and how that's going to wake us up to the sexism that has been so pervasive forever. And I think it's going to be painful.
And I think as a country we're going to have uncomfortable conversations. And I think whatever this is that's bubbling to the top in this election is going to have to be sifted through and completely pulled apart 'cause I don't even know how aware we are of what we're saying and what we're doing. I don't even know if people understood sexual assault in the last week like they understand it now, how pervasive it is, how many women understand sexual assault?
SIMON: Going to vote?
KENDRICK: I'm going to vote. I'm going to vote early. I'm telling - I'm going to vote early so I make sure that that's over and done with. And then I'm going to turn my TV off.
SIMON: C. Jane Kendrick is a writer in Provo, Utah. Thanks so much for being with us.
KENDRICK: Thank you for having me.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Daryl Janmaat (left) in action against Fulham in the opening match of the season
Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez says the club could be moved to part with Daryl Janmaat if they receive a "fantastic offer" for the player.
But Benitez stressed the Netherlands international, who has been a consistent starter for the club since joining in the summer of 2014, is a player who he rates highly and would be happy to keep.
Watford and West Ham are reportedly interested in offering the 27-year-old a return to the Premier League, who was left out of Newcastle's squad for Saturday's win at Bristol City
Highlights from Ashton Gate as Bristol City took on Newcastle in the EFL Championship Highlights from Ashton Gate as Bristol City took on Newcastle in the EFL Championship
Asked on Monday if Janmaat would stay with Newcastle, Benitez said: "It is difficult to say, because I told him the other day that, if he is here, he is a player that I like.
"He is a good professional and I don't have any problem.
Benitez would be happy for Janmaat to remain with Newcastle
"If someone comes with a fantastic offer, for us or for him, we will analyse everything but, at the moment, he is a player that is in our team, in our squad, and I don't have a problem playing him if it is necessary."
Benitez added that the player has not been angered by the decision not to include him at the weekend.
"He's fine, I am fortunate to have a very good group of professionals," said Benitez. "They train well. Even the ones who know they may leave, train well."
The 2017 Spring Thing* Festival of Interactive Fiction * or Fall Fooferal, for our Southern Hemisphere Friends
Playing the Games
How to Play Parser IF
Spring Thing features all kinds of text games, but two of the major divisions are between what are sometimes called choiced-based games (where you interact by clicking links) and parser-based games (where you interact by typing commands). To those unfamiliar with the parser, it can seem confusing or intimidating. Here are some resources for getting started: Emily Short's Welcome to Interactive Fiction overview (8-page PDF)
A handy reference card (created by Andrew Plotkin and Lea Albaugh)
You might also try a game written specifically to help newcomers get used to parsers, such as The Dreamhold (iOS version) or Bronze. To play some parser IF offline, the downloaded story file needs to be opened with a program called an interpreter, much like a .doc file needs Microsoft Word to open. Clicking on the story format (next to the download link) will take you to instructions for finding the right interpreter to play a particular game.
In the Main Festival
Play Back Then: A Story Driven By Memories Back Then Janelynn Camingue Memories can be precious or terrible things to have. They can awaken at any moment, whether in a dream or staring out the window in solitude. This game is fictional.
Play The Bony King of Nowhere Luke A. Jones This is a relaxed small(ish) text adventure in the classic parser style (but with a much wider vocabulary), and also with a modest attempt at humour! After growing up with text adventures in the 80's, I wanted to make the kind of game that I would have enjoyed playing.
Play A short RPG where almost everyone is a playable character. The First Quest Matthew Mayr (with some help from Mike Bryant) A young child who desperately wants to be a hero is given a magical artifact allowing them to be anyone they want to be, literally. They use this power to try and make a name for them self as they embark on a whimsical journey. This is my first foray in the world of writing and storytelling. As you can tell, I may have gotten bogged down in the scope and process of things, but I learned a lot. Enjoy!
Play A Fly On The Wall Peregrine Wade Across the city, strange events are taking place. But you are nothing more than a fly on the wall... or are you?
Play Get Seen Tonight Hannah Powell-Smith A cop falls for her torch singer informant. What's gone wrong tonight? This game was inspired by a number of songs by Dessa, notably Dixon's Girl and Alibi.
Many thanks to Irina Goodwin for the cover art, and to Suzan Bator, Enrico Cioni, Eleanor Hingley, and Fay Ikin for testing.
Play GNOEM Joyce Lin & Matthew Reed You are a college student trying to study for finals when a gnome with big dreams recruits you to solve his problems, whisking you away to a magical place with eccentric characters. A whimsical game made for class and for fun
Play Guttersnipe: Carnival of Regrets Bitter Karella Guttersnipe: Carnival of Regrets is a humorously grotesque (or grotesquely humorous) game about a circa 1929 street urchin and her pet sewer rat trying to survive a trip through a dark carnival full of sin, secrets, and murderous clowns. I'm obsessed with 1920s street urchins, awful monsters, and low brow grand guignol comedy. This game unites all three of my passions, so I hope you enjoy it too!
Play Happy Pony Valley Riding School Lynda Clark Just because these ponies can talk, doesn't mean they have anything to say to you... I usually work in ChoiceScript and this was my attempt at modelling a simpler version of a CS 'relationship system' in Twine, with varying degrees of success.
Play If You're Here Serene Sherman When a romance starts to blacken, is it your place to intervene? Lindy navigates her tense relationship with her stepbrother and her strong friendship with her teammate as she watches their relationship grow more and more messy. Words hold a power I greatly respect: the power over one's emotions. A well-told story can tug at the heartstrings, tickle the funny bone, or simply grip a reader so tightly in their investment in the characters. Thus I've always thought stories are a powerful tool for exploring the shadows of human nature as well as the challenging issues of society - or challenging society itself. I wanted to tell a small story about something important, and if it could bring something new or something hopeful to the mind of one person, then it did all I could ask for.
Play Ishmael Jordan Magnuson A short game about displacement.
Play Niney Daniel Spitz Explore the nature of relationships and identity on a weird train. We all ask ourselves, "Who am I?" One of the ways we try to answer this question is by examining the effects we have on other people. We look at our social interactions, our relationships, to assure ourselves that we are smart, we are good, we are loved. What if these fleeting interactions were all we had? Who would that make us? What would we make of ourselves?
I'm interested in using the parser in less corporeal ways. Language is this rich thing that can tersely express notions that no other medium can. Aspects of the mind, intentions, metaphors. Niney is my first IF, and my first attempt at exploring this territory of possibilities. It's idiosyncratic, rough around the edges, a bit repetitive, but I'm proud of it. I think it introduces an interesting parser-based mechanic, and does its best to develop that and show what it can do.
Play You have made it off the shore into the water, onto this tiny boat. This raft is not big enough for all the passengers, nor, you fear, strong enough to make the journey. The waters are inviting and seductively deadly. You are lowest of the low in the age of nation states but citizen number one of the globe: a refugee. Refugee Mark C. Marino Nine refugees embark on an odyssey aboard a raft, exchanging tales of jealous gods and proxy wars while trying to reach safety. The global political forces are playing out in a contemporary battle with ancient echoes. Refugees, the victims of the gods' proxy war, may seem to be in the lowest state of the Earth, but their saga is epic. In this piece, I'm meditating on this global allegory through ancient iconography, asking players to take one of nine iconic positions in the fundamental crisis of our global moment.
Download Ted Strikes Back Anssi Raisanen You're Ted Paladin, text adventure hero, and it's the first day of your summer holiday! However, your arch enemy has other plans for you.
In the Back Garden
Back Garden games do not take part in ribbons or prize nominations, and can be more experimental or excerpts from unreleased games (which are highlighted in yellow).
Play Balefires Burning Cassandra Wolf Share the story of 15-year-old Tansy, who is on the verge of becoming an adult and a witch. In an isolated community where magic is an everyday occurrence and otherworldly beings walk the woods, you face challenges and learn to cope with your newly-awakened visionary senses. This is the first chapter of a novel written with interactive elements, where you (the first-person narrator) choose your reactions to the events of the story.
Play A backwards adventure into being pushed around less. Buck the Past Andrew Schultz A game with word puzzles and weird items and, eventually, self-actualization. While this is in the spirit of Problems Compound and Slicker City, there's no reason you have to play either to appreciate this.
Play The Master waits atop the mountain. Enlightened Master Ben Kidwell and Maevele Straw Years of questing have brought you to the mountain where you will find the Enlightened Master.
Play Glulx Play Squiffy A Fly On The Wall, or An Appositional Eye Nigel Jayne The Harrison Mansion is closing after 45 years of delighting its visitors with collections of the weird and recreations of the macabre. The night before, the Fortean Society of New England gathers in the haunt to celebrate its history and investigate its reputation as a real house of horrors. You volunteer to take a shift in the Fly eye, a room with five monitors that watch the most haunted corners within the house. You can't watch all five simultaneously, though, so what exactly will you see? The author has provided two versions of this game: the Glulx parser-based version, and the Squiffy link-based one.
Play left/right chandler groover pick one
Play Not Quite a Sunset -
a hypertext opera Kyle Rowan On an orbital space station in a distant star system, Dr. Sara Reyes leads a small team tasked with surveying a planet for potential settlement. A science-fiction story set to an original musical score. 'Not Quite a Sunset' began as my dissertation project, investigating how a listener might be able to influence the plot (and by extension the music) of an opera through their choices. Hypertext seemed a natural medium to facilitate the choices of an individual listener, and the resulting piece is essentially a story with a soundtrack. Because every passage is set against and often timed to coordinate with music, headphones are recommended. This version for the 2017 Spring Thing Festival is a preview of the first two chapters; the full piece will be released in Summer 2017.
Play ...the shadows were long in the hour of night, and in the darkness you couldn't see... The Weight of a Soul Chin Kee Yong In a world of arcane mysteries, a young doctor's apprentice unravels a conspiracy most grim. This is a mystery/suspense parser game inspired by the likes of Anchorhead and Fallen London. It isn't currently finished, but there's a solid vertical slice of finished content that takes close to 2 hours to complete. Please enjoy.
Content warning: This story features graphic imagery and morbid themes.
Known bug: After examining some dead bodies with the endoscope, you can't exit the endoscopy by typing >out as intended. You can work around this by attempting any action "out of endoscopy," such as >jump or >inventory, which will automatically pull you out of it.
Platform Instructions
Prize Ribbons
In 1885, Pyotr Ilich Tchaikovsky rented a cottage in a small village some 50 miles northwest of Moscow. After years of restless wandering through Europe, the 45-year-old composer found his new living arrangement a wonderful relief. “What a joy to be in my own home!” he wrote to his patroness. “What a bliss to know that no one will come to interfere with my work, my reading, my walks.”
Those walks were especially important. Before sitting down to work in the morning, Tchaikovsky took a short stroll, lasting no more than 45 minutes. Then, after lunch, regardless of the weather, he went out again. Tchaikovsky's brother later wrote, “Somewhere at sometime he had discovered that a man needs a two-hour walk for his health, and his observance of this rule was pedantic and superstitious, as though if he returned five minutes early he would fall ill, and unbelievable misfortunes of some sort would ensue.”
Tchaikovsky's superstition may have been justified—his walks were essential to his creativity, and he often stopped to jot down ideas that he would develop later at the piano. But then this is true of the majority of the composers in my Daily Rituals book—most of them required a long (and sometimes very long) daily walk to keep the ideas flowing.
Beethoven went for a vigorous walk after lunch, and he always carried a pencil and a couple of sheets of paper in his pocket, to record chance musical thoughts. Gustav Mahler followed much the same routine—he would take a three- or four-hour walk after lunch, stopping to jot down ideas in his notebook. Benjamin Britten said that his afternoon walks were “where I plan out what I'm going to write in the next period at my desk.” Working outside of Paris in 1971, Morton Feldman described his routine: “I get up at six in the morning. I compose until eleven, then my day is over. I go out, I walk, tirelessly, for hours.”
But the most extreme example is the French composer Erik Satie, who each morning would walk from his home in a Paris suburb to the city's Montmartre district, a distance of about 6 miles. There he would visit friends, work on his compositions in cafés, eat dinner, and go out drinking—often missing the last train home, in which case he would walk back again, slipping into bed just before sunrise (and then getting up and walking back a few hours later). The scholar Roger Shattuck once proposed that Satie's unique sense of musical beat, and his appreciation of “the possibility of variation within repetition,” could be traced to this “endless walking back and forth across the same landscape day after day.”
Of course, it is not just composers who take long walks. Søren Kierkegaard had his best ideas during his daily walks, and sometimes he would be in such a hurry to get them down that, returning home, he would write standing up before his desk, still wearing his hat and gripping his walking stick or umbrella. Immanuel Kant took a walk every afternoon at precisely 3:30. Milton walked up and down his garden most afternoons, for three or four hours. And, according to one biographer, “If it rained, he would swing himself to and fro in a seat suspended from the ceiling, pulling on a rope.”
Most artists prefer a solitary walk, but I ran across some figures who enjoyed company. Mahler liked to drag his wife along on his afternoon hikes. Ludwig Wittgenstein would ask a close associate to accompany him on his walks. “A walk with Wittgenstein was very exhausting,” wrote Norman Malcolm, in a memoir of his friendship with the philosopher:
“Whatever we talked about, he turned his mind to it with great seriousness and intensity, and it was a formidable strain on me to keep up with his thoughts. He would walk in spurts, sometimes coming to a stop while he made some emphatic remark and looking into my eyes with his piercing gaze. Then he would walk rapidly for a few yards, then slow down, then speed up or come to a halt, and so on. And this uncertain ambulation was conjoined with the most exacting conversation!”
Whew! I could go on, but you get the idea: If you're trying to generate creative work, you should really consider taking a daily walk—and maybe look into rigging up an indoor rope swing, too.
