Discover Huntsville!
Known as America's Space and Rocket City, Huntsville (Alabama), isn't just the home to NASA's largest research facility, it's home to a batch of “out of this world” breweries. Since the passage of the “Gourmet Beer Bill” in 2009, Huntsville has launched an exceptional craft beer scene, that continues to rapidly grow. If you happen to be in Huntsville during October, be sure to check out the Pro Bono Brew Fest on October 23rd for an exceptional line from local breweries as well as the first ever Downtown Huntsville High Gravity Tasting Experience on October 18th which will feature high gravity tastings from over 15 different Alabama breweries!
Get a taste of these space-age suds and you can unlock our brand new “SpaceCrafted” badge. Check-in to one (1) beer from any of these eight Huntsville-based breweries during the month of October and it's yours!
Rocket Republic Brewing Company
Straight to Ale Brewing
Yellowhammer Brewing
Blue Pants Brewery
The Brew Stooges
Salty Nut Brewery
Old Black Bear Brewing Company
Below the Radar Brewhouse
To learn more about Huntsville, head over to http://RoadTripHuntsville.com or http://www.downtownhuntsville.org!
The HTC One M8 , Samsung Galaxy S5 , LG G Pro 2 , and Sony Xperia Z2. What do these devices have in common? Well, they all tout new, cutting edge cameras tech as their claim to fame. We've gotten our hands on many of these devices during our time at Mobile World Congress. It's true, in well lit or daytime environments, most smartphone cameras will perform about the same. But some would say the real test lays in how well these cameras perform in less ideal conditions. They're the biggest heavy weights of the year, and they're about to go head-to-head in a low-light camera battle royale.
In one corner we have the HTC One M8. HTC claims the 4MP UltraPixel camera captures more light, helping the phone shoot better in dimly lit situations. Of course, this comes at the cost of having a higher MP count, something that could give its competitors an edge.
In the other corner lays the Samsung Galaxy S5. This phone features Samsung's own in-house 16MP ISOCELL camera that is capable of lightning quick auto focus, and higher dynamic range. We got a chance to see it first hand during MWC, and can vouch for the optics in brightly lit scenes, but what about during night time shots?
Across is the LG G Pro 2. LG's latest phablet, the G Pro 2 features a 13MP camera with optical image stabilization, as well as a fancy new LED flash for more accurate color rendition. But how well is the image quality when the flash is off? We'll soon find out.
Finally, there's the Sony Xperia Z2. Featuring Sony's 20MP camera, the Xperia Z2 has the highest resolution shooter of the bunch, and comes with Sony's camera expertise to back it up. This might just give the phone the advantage it needs to come out on top.
The folks at ePrice were nice enough to put together this camera comparison, snapping photos with all 4 smartphones under a variety of night time, and dimly lit scenes. All cameras featured their default/auto settings for shooting, so your results may vary. Cool? Let's get ready to rumble!
HTC One M8 top left, Samsung Galaxy S5 top right, LG G Pro 2 bottom left, Sony Xperia Z2 bottom right (click for full size images)
Having looked over all the images, it's interesting to see there aren't really any clear winners here. Each camera behaves differently, but none are really consistent. That being said, which camera out of all these devices do you think performed the best? If anyone is looking for the non-collaged full versions of these images, you can grab them in our Google Drive folder here.
Dili, East Timor - Smouldering fires. Haphazard explosions. Malnourished children. The disintegration of law and order and the absence of social services.
In 1999, images such as these sparked widespread public anger around the world and the dispatch of an international peacekeeping force to East Timor after anarchy erupted following the country's independence referendum on leaving Indonesia.
But nearly two decades after peace was restored in East Timor nothing much has changed at the Tibar landfill near the capital, Dili, where rubbish scavengers as young as eight years old eke out a living in unimaginable conditions.
The unregulated dumping ground for most of Dili's rubbish - including lethal asbestos and untreated hospital waste - the seven-acre site set in the belly of a steep valley is an environmental and public health catastrophe.
According to World Health Organization, "about 100 tonnes of hazardous wastes are produced every year in Dili from healthcare activities alone. As there is no centralised treatment or disposal facility available for such waste, they are quite often disposed [of] with municipal waste in Tibar".
Smoke in your eyes
The first thing that strikes visitors to the Tibar landfill are wafts of acrid black smoke released by fires set by scavengers to melt the plastic off items such as washing machines and chairs that can then be sold as scrap metal.
"The smoke really surprised me. It's surreal - a 24/7 smouldering heap," says Chris Kaley, a tourist from Australia who visited the landfill with Bruce Logan, the Australian co-owner of Dili's Beachside Hotel.
"I come here once or twice a week to dump rubbish. I also bring any of our guests who are interested in seeing how the other half live," Logan says. "I call it the 'stop-your-whingeing tour' because coming here gives you a reality check about the trivial things people complain about in Australia."
The moment Logan parks his utility vehicle, a group of 20-odd scavengers dressed in torn filthy rags raid the bags of rubbish stacked on his vehicle's tray.
Among them is Domingos, a 61-year-old man working at the landfill for six months. "The valuable things are bottles and cans," he says. "If I collect a big pile of cans, I can sell it for $1."
There are also children in the group, including an eight-year-old girl named Vanya who lives just outside the dump. She says she has been working here all her life.
"I like it here because I can be with my parents and friends," she says.
Vanya claims she attends school, but when asked why she isn't there at that moment, she does not reply.
Bio, an 11-year-old boy, caked in filth and grime, also claims he studies "in the afternoon", though it's hard to imagine how he could attend class in such a condition. At that very moment, an aerosol can conceal in a burning heap behind the two children explodes, emitting an ear-piercing roar. Translator Rosentina Borges de Araujo and this reporter flinch with fright, while Bio and Vanya only smile.
No outside help
On the edge of the valley, we speak to Magdalena, a 70-year-old woman working at the landfill since 2006 who sleeps under a corrugated iron sheet supported by four short posts.
Her shanty conflicts with information offered by an employee of the sanitation department working onsite, who said on condition of anonymity, "it is not allowed for people to live inside" the landfill. He's also the only individual interviewed at the site who claims to earn a living wage - albeit a paltry sum of US$150 per month.
On the other end of the spectrum, Magdalena claims to earn no income at all despite efforts to sell scrap metal for US$2 per pile. "I don't make any money," she says. "I can't remember the last time I sold anything."
Magdalena says the government doesn't offer any kind of assistance to scavengers at Tibar, but that a number of NGOs have come here over the years to offer jobs on the outside. "I never got one," she says. "Only some other people did."
London-based Small Steps Project is among the many NGOs that have tried - and apparently failed - to make a difference at Tibar.
According to the group's website, it previously distributed food, water and shoes to 130 children living in the area and assisted "two large families who desperately needed food, cooking tools, cutlery and plates". But the programme is "no longer active".
The Ryder Cheshire Foundation, another NGO, previously provided "medical support for emergencies on the site". But there is no evidence of healthcare at Tibar today.
"I am sick. We are all sick. We have coughs," says rubbish scavenger Maria. "When it hurts we go to the hospital to get medicine. Then we come back to work."
Adds Aliso, a 55-year-old man working at Tibar since 2004. "I am sick all of the time from the smoke. I have a cough. During the day it's okay, but it hurts more at night."
Making the best of it
Despite the dangerous and unprofitable nature of rubbish scavenging at Tibar, many of those who work here claim they are satisfied with their lot.
"I like my job because no one bosses me around," says the sanitation department employee.
Domingos the scavenger adds: "This is our place. We help each other. We collect food for pigs. Sometimes, we also find treasure buried here."
"It may look like a war zone, but I did not feel an extreme sense that the people here were helpless," says Chris Kaley from Australia. "Somehow they all survive."
Masa Oki is a truck driver from Dili dumping rubbish at the site. "This is their habit. It's not for us to say if it's good or bad. I think it would be difficult to get them to leave this place."
But the World Health Organization says improvements are required.
"Institutional arrangements for solid waste management in Dili need strengthening with necessary logistics and manpower support. Dumping site at Tibar needs an urgent upgrading from the current crude dumping to a controlled tipping situation."
Ohio Democratic gubernatorial candidate and sitting state Supreme Court Justice Bill O'Neill responded to the recent sexual misconduct accusations against Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) on Friday by boasting about his own sexual history.
"Now that the dogs of war are calling for the head of Senator Al Franken I believe it is time to speak up on behalf of all heterosexual males," O'Neill said in a Facebook post on his personal account.
"In the last fifty years I was sexually intimate with approximately 50 very attractive females. It ranged from a gorgeous blonde who was my first true love and we made passionate love in the hayloft of her parents barn and ended with a drop dead gorgeous red head from Cleveland," he went on.
O'Neill confirmed to Cleveland.com that he wrote the post.
The gubernatorial candidate had posted an earlier status in which he described women from his past. ADVERTISEMENT The candidate's comments come a day after a broadcaster accused Franken of kissing and groping her without consent during a 2006 USO tour, before he was a U.S. senator.
Franken issued an apology shortly after and called for the Senate Ethics Committee to investigate him.
“Now can we get back to discussing legalizing marijuana and opening the state hospital network to combat the opioid crisis,” O'Neill said on Facebook. “I am sooooo disappointed by this national feeding frenzy about sexual indiscretions decades ago.”
He added: “Peace.”
On Twitter, the chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party called O'Neill's comments "a terrible post," saying it trivializes an "important conversation" about respecting women.
Sheffield United (Dean Hammond)
By Ian Rands (@unitedite)
www.aunitedview.blogspot.com
When Hammond was linked with a move to Bramall Lane, it created a stir of excitement. An on-field leader and lynchpin at Brighton, Southampton and Leicester – just the experienced player we needed to start bossing central midfield and lead the team towards promotion.
All we could see was an immobile player desperately pointing at team-mates to cover his man and the space he was unable to fill
Instead we signed a player whose legs had gone; Douglas Bader was more mobile on the ground. Nigel Adkins grimly defended his man week after week, as the criticism piled up: "The fans don't see the invisible work that he does and what he brings to the team.” All we could see was an immobile player desperately pointing at team-mates to cover his man and the space he was unable to fill.
In the summer, despite being one of our biggest earners and with new manager Chris Wilder stating he had no future at the club, Hammond took up the option on his loan contract of a further year, forcing the club into a hefty pay-off it could have done without.
We have had players so bad that their Blades career lasted 45 minutes. The fact Hammond's somehow lasted 30 games will forever rankle.
Hammond became... er, creative in his challenges
Sheffield Wednesday (Jay Bothroyd)
By Laura Jones (@YICETOR)
Debate raged among Wednesday-ites about the definition of ‘worst player' – is it lack of ability, or lack of application? The latter won the argument.
In his 14 appearances for Wednesday he become a byword of petulance; he had a work ethic that would make a sloth blush
Jay Bothroyd wasn't a permanent Owls player but he left a lasting impression on the fans of how not to conduct yourself when you join a new club. In his 14 appearances for Wednesday he become a byword of petulance and laziness – fined for arguments online with fans, sulks when he couldn't play in his preferred position and a work ethic that would make a sloth blush.
The frustration for Wednesday fans still remains that he had talent but chose to believe he was above playing for, as he called us, “a League One club that got promoted”.
There are Owls players who would fit the bill better as less abled, but none who have been as hated in such a short period.
Bothroyd infuriated the Hillsborough faithful with... well, everything
Shrewsbury (Matt Redmile)
By Andrew Greenway
Shrewsbury stumped up a £30k transfer fee for Redmile in 2001, the money raised via the Independent Supporters' Club.
A particular lowlight was a 6-0 loss to Boston United in which Redmile gave away a penalty and continued to lose possession, get outrun, fall over and mistime challenges
“There are oil tankers that turn quicker…” resembled the general theme of feedback from the terraces at Gay Meadow. In short, he was big and slow.
In 2003 we finished bottom of the old Third Division, having lost 23 games and conceded 92 goals. Redmile was always the first to be criticised down the pub after a game, but was at least consistent in his painful performances.
A particular lowlight was a 6-0 loss to Boston United in which Redmile gave away a penalty and continued to lose possession, get outrun, fall over and mistime challenges throughout the game.
Redmile was released the following summer and didn't last long at any club he played for thereafter: he followed up with brief spells at Scarborough, Barnet, Tamworth, Hinckley United, Sutton Town and Goole before his retirement in 2008.
Redmile eventually found his level lower down the leagues
Southampton (Dani Osvaldo)
By Nick Illingsworth (@theuglyinside)
Many would claim that Ali Dia was Saints' worst ever player, but the truth is that he was a trialist plunged into the team during an injury crisis. Instead when you weigh up cost, return and chaos caused, the runaway winner has to be Pablo "Dani" Osvaldo.
Before a three-game ban for a touchline fracas at Newcastle, Osvaldo had been suspended by the club for an alleged headbutt on team captain Jose Fonte
The Italian arrived as a marquee signing in August 2013 for then-chairman Nicola Cortese, but we soon wished we hadn't. Osvaldo certainly looked different, modelling his look on Captain Jack Sparrow – but sadly he'd turn out to be a pirate robbing us of our £15 million record transfer fee.
At first he looked the part, scoring in his fifth appearance and doing enough to suggest that he could replace cult hero Rickie Lambert. But little did we know there would only be two more goals to come.
He followed up a December wonderstrike against Manchester City by getting banned for three games following a touchline fracas at Newcastle, but even before that ended he'd been suspended by the club for an alleged headbutt on team captain Jose Fonte.
Embedded video for Your club's worst player... EVER! As voted for by the fans
Osvaldo was shipped off to Juventus on loan for the rest of the season, but Saints couldn't offload him permanently thanks to his high wages. Another loan at Inter was terminated when he failed to turn up for training, so he spent the rest of the season at Boca Juniors. Saints paid him off in the summer of 2015, fingers burned. Osvaldo is now pursuing a music career. Obviously.
Accrington-Barnet • Barnsley-Blackpool • Bolton-Brentford • Brighton-Burnley • Burton-Cardiff • Carlisle-Cheltenham • Chesterfield-Crawley • Crewe-Doncaster • Everton-Fulham • Gillingham-Huddersfield • Hull-Leicester • Leyton Orient-Man City • Man United-Millwall • MK Dons-Newport • Northampton-Notts County • Oldham-Plymouth • Portsmouth-QPR • Reading-Scunthorpe • Sheffield United-Southampton • Southend-Sunderland • Swansea-Walsall • Watford-Wigan • Wolves-Yeovil
This Modestly Budgeted B-Movie Played Us Like A Fiddle.
We're only a week away from its release and I'm still absolutely fascinated by the positive buzz I see for The Shallows. On paper, the whole thing seems like a recipe for disaster. Take a dash of Jaws, a liberal pinch of Open Water, and stir way, way too long, well past the point where audiences have any hope left for a half-decent shark movie. Add in a television actress from a millennial soap opera, the director of House of Wax, and the screenwriter for Vanishing on 7th Street. Throw it all into the same weekend slot as Independence Day: Resurgence (for the mainstream crowd), Swiss Army Man, and Neon Demon (for the genre crowd), and let it try and claw its way to box office relevance. If The Shallows had stumbled even a little bit with its marketing, we'd probably be talking about this film the same way we talk about The Darkness; that is to say, not at all.
Thankfully, stumble it did not. When the final trailer was released, most major outlets took an opportunity to reflect on how far the needle had moved for their own interest in the film. A.V. Club's Caroline Siede said it looked like “everything you could hope for from a ‘Blake Lively shark movie.'” Birth.Movies.Death's Scott Wampler admitted it might be one of his most-anticipated movies of a “non-starter” summer. Angie Han of /Film called it a “breath of fresh air” in a season of blockbuster sequels. Everywhere you look on the internet, people are coming to terms with the fact that The Shallows is a movie they are now interested in seeing. It may not warrant the same level of praise as Deadpool, but what the filmmakers and the marketing team at Sony have done is worthy of a little attention.
Of course, this begs the question: what is it that makes The Shallows stand out so much? Just this past week, Forbes box office guru Scott Mendelson wrote an article about why he thinks The Shallows is still in for a very big weekend against stiff competition. Much of his credit goes to the thought Sony put into their trailers. “It's a dynamite piece of unconventional marketing,” Mendelson wrote about the third and final theatrical trailer, “which not only entices and intrigues but reassures audiences that they haven't seen the entire movie in 2.5 minutes.” It is true that The Shallows has been careful with the amount of information it provides. While we know that at least half of the film's (very small) cast ends up as shark food, the trailers seem to leave off right as the movie itself is going to get good.
https://medium.com/media/d5d55e728a7b42f8beea7ff59e075c8b/href
The previous two trailers for The Shallows set the scale for the film; each one added a little to the visual scope without distracting from the survivalist story at the film's heart. This last trailer, though, adds some virtuosic filmmaking into the mix. In one long take, Lively's character is pulled off camera, only to slowly swim back into frame as a cloud of blood surrounds her head. Without cutting away, Lively's face bursts forth from the cloud in a primal scream. It's a staggering bit of visual imagination that puts to rest any doubts that The Shallows will struggle to keep the energy level up throughout.
So the trailers are good – great, even – but that's only one part of it. While Mendelson has mostly blockbuster sequels in mind when he refers to The Shallows as “unconventional,” there's also probably something to be said for the way it plays up against its genre competition. The trailers for The Shallows have been featured alongside trailers for The Darkness and Lights Out in movie theaters around the world; in each of these last two films, we are presented with a normal array of jump scares and impenetrable darkness. Once you notice how much sunlight is present in The Shallows, you cannot help but look forward to the prospect of a brightly lit horror film. The industry might be slowly moving away from the grim-dark approach popularized by filmmakers like Zach Snyder, but that doesn't mean a tropical thriller can't still be a wonderful reprieve from the black and grey.
On top of all this, The Shallows also sells itself as a very earnest horror film. One of the most frustrating things about pastiche is the limitations it places on a film. It's all well and good for a studio to release a film shot in the style of a '70s or '80s exploitation cinema, but if the movie is more interested in ticking off pop culture references than telling a cohesive story, it won't last as a cultural icon. We hold a soft spot in our hearts for animal attack movies like Alligator or Anaconda despite their rough spots, not because of them; they were made by people who set out to make the best possible horror film they could about killer reptiles, and even where their films fall short, you can tell that they never stopped trying. Our guards might normally be up against a movie like The Shallows, but we've been won over by the film's decision to play it straight.
Will The Shallows live up to its promise? It's certainly possible that the film is pretty much what it seemed like at a first glance: a middling thriller made by an OK group of talents. I choose to be optimistic. It took an awful lot of talent and energy to move the needle with most audiences from disinterest to interest. At this point, if nothing else, The Shallows has bought itself the benefit of the doubt.
Ottawa Fury FC couldn't win it for the gaffer.
Fury was without head coach Marc Dos Santos on Saturday, due to a death in his family, and fell short in a 3-1 defeat to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
In the 64th minute, Strikers midfielder Marlon Freitas hit a bomb which curled into the top left corner and silenced the already hushed 3,023 in attendance.
Fury keeper Romuald Pesier had no chance on the blast.
"He bent it well. It's just one of those goals you just have to sit back and applaud because there's not much you can do about it," said assistant coach Martin Nash, who was filling in for Dos Santos.
The Strikers put this baby to bed in extra time as forward Jose Angulo was all alone, slipped past Peiser and walked the ball into the open net.
But at least Fury tried to make things interesting.
Fury defender Rafael Alves, facing his former team for the first time since joining Ottawa in the off-season, made the Strikers remember what they're missing.
Alves was open in the box and rose for a header off a corner kick to make it 2-1 against his former team in the 79th minute.
In celebration, the defender shook his fist towards his bench, not reserving any emotion towards his old crest.
The 30-year-old Brazilian put in another solid effort when called upon.
Speaking of which, the non-calls continued for Fury this season.
Early in the second half, Tommy Heinemann was tripped in the box by Brazilian midfielder Victor (PC) Giro but referee Yusri Rudolph wasn't having any of it.
"The official didn't seem to be giving much of anything the entire game. It was one of those things you put your hands up and what can you do," said Heinemann.
"The mood in the locker room is not good. Taking no points out of that game is very frustrating."
Fort Lauderdale struck first off a corner, as the ball soared over the Fury backline and fell right to Angulo at the back post.
The Colombian easily tapped in the right-footed putt in the 41st minute.
Strikers keeper Joe Nasco, who was starting for the injured David Meves, didn't last long either.
In the ninth minute, Heinemann jumped on a deflected ball in the box which was saved by Nasco.
Oliver couldn't finish off the rebound.
In the process, Heinemann stepped on Nasco's leg, injuring the keeper, who had to be helped by trainers off the field.
Strikers third-stringer Lionel Brown was subbed in after Nasco finally hobbled off the pitch.
Before Brown could even put his gloves on, Paulo Jr. fired a left footed strike at the keeper with two Strikers' looming.
Nash didn't tinker too much and made only one change from their winning lineup against Minnesota United FC last Saturday, swapping Mike Randolph in for Brandon Poltronieri at leftback.
Randolph, who looked off-pace at times, had a little slip up in the 28th minute, as he couldn't control a dropping ball in the box. Luckily he recovered in time to block the shot.
"It was difficult the way the game went but I think we made some good changes, brought some energy got back in the game," said Nash. "We looked like we were going to get the second but it just wasn't meant to be."
Considering all the Brazilians in action on Saturday, you'd be hard pressed to believe it was "Italian Day" at the park.
PC put in a calculated 90 minutes, exploring the middle of the pitch and pushing the Strikers' attack forward.
The boys from the beach have a heavy Brazilian presence from the top down, starting with part-owner Ronaldo.
The World Cup legend was a no show in the Strikers' box, but Brazilian veteran and former Flamengo captain Leo Moura certainly turned up.
The Strikers captain did a good job of holding the ball up and making the initial pass to the rest of the midfield all afternoon.
Beach boys keep cool
Fort Lauderdale's keepers can't stay healthy.
First, starting goalie David Meves didn't travel with the Strikers to Ottawa for Saturday's match against Fury FC because of an undisclosed injury.
Then back-up goaltender Joe Nasco went down early on in Saturday's match after he got clipped by a six-foot-four Tommy Heinemann at TD Place.
Nasco, after spending several minutes laying down in his box, looked to be favouring his right foot as two trainers carried off the 30-year-old American.
That meant third-string keeper Lionel Brown had to rip off his track pants and find his mitts.
Fury tested the 27-year-old right away as Paulo Jr. welcomed Brown to the match with two hard shots.
But he was able to handle both and settle in.
"I think he did very well actually. We tried to test him early on as soon as he got in," said Fury forward Carl Haworth after the game.
"We knew that if we got chances on him that he might give up one or two."
However, Brown wasn't able to keep the clean sheet in his first NASL action of the season and third league appearance ever.
Haworth said there were a few cracks in the American's play, especially as Fury pressed for the tying goal late in the match.
"I think he dropped a cross later on that we almost scored from as well," he said.
Get a clearer look at Carmen Ejogo in this new Alien: Covenant still! Earlier in December we shared some pictures of an Empire article that featured several brand-new stills. Not long after, Empire released a better resolution copy of one of those stills, the one featuring Katherine Waterston and Ridley Scott.
Now we have a clearer look at a second picture from that Empire article, one featuring Michael Fassbender as Walter and Carmen Ejogo.
We can see Walter and Carmen Ejogo's character (one of the medical staff aboard the Covenant) and a third character (perhaps Billy Crudup's acting-Captain?) watching some monitor displays. On that display is what appears to be a holographic recording of an Engineer (like the image used a lot during Prometheus' marketing campaign or the Orrey scene from Prometheus). What do you think of this latest still? Let us know down below.
The still appears to have originated from Germany with both Moviepilot and MovieGod sharing the image. Thanks to BeatlesFass for bringing this to our attention.
Keep a close eye on Alien vs. Predator Galaxy for the latest on Alien: Covenant! You can follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to get the latest on your social media walls. You can also join in with fellow Alien fans on our forums!
One of Hollywood's most powerful executives is leaving company after hacking scandal that resulted in leak of her emails, but is starting studio-backed venture
Amy Pascal, one of Hollywood's most powerful movie executives, is stepping down as head of Sony Pictures in the wake of a hacking scandal that resulted in her private and damaging emails being leaked.
Pascal was targeted by hacking group Guardians of Peace, a group linked by the US government to North Korea. Late last year, the hackers released a slew of emails including one exchange in which she traded racist jokes about Barack Obama.
Sony said the co-chair of Sony Pictures Entertainment is launching “a new production venture” backed by the studio and will start the new job in May.
“I have spent almost my entire professional life at Sony Pictures and I am energized to be starting this new chapter based at the company I call home,” she said in a statement. She said she had been discussing the move for “quite some time”.
Sony email hack: what we've learned about greed, racism and sexism Read more
Pascal, the only woman currently heading a Hollywood studio, has long been one of the industry's most powerful and successful executives. She began her career at Columbia Pictures in 1988, developing pictures including Groundhog Day and A League of Their Own. She rose through the ranks to be named co-chair of Sony Pictures in 2006, making her the most senior female executive in Hollywood. Pascal counts the blockbuster Spider-man franchise and the latest James Bond movies among the many hits under her tenure as well as Oscar nominees American Hustle, The Social Network and Zero Dark Thirty.
But her reputation took a hit after the hackers leaked emails she had sent to fellow executives in an attempt to force Sony to scrap The Interview, a comedy depicting the assassination of Kim Jong-un.
Among them were racially insensitive emails between Pascal and producer Scott Rudin joking that Obama's favorite films are black-themed movies like Django Unchained and 12 Years a Slave.
Discussing an upcoming fundraiser for the president Rudin wrote: “Would he like to finance some movies?” Pascal wrote back, “I doubt it. Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO?” Rudin responded with “12 YEARS,” and Pascal came back with other films starring African Americans: “Or the butler. Or think like a man? [sic].”
In other leaked emails Rudin called Angelina Jolie a “minimally talented spoiled brat” as the two discussed Cleopatra, a movie Jolie was keen to develop.
When Pascal met Jolie at the Hollywood Reporter Women in Entertainment breakfast following the leak, the actress appeared to repel an awkward embrace by the studio boss in front of the awaiting cameras.
Pascal later issued an apology for remarks made in the leaked emails.
“The content of my emails to Scott were insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who I am,” Pascal wrote in a statement. “Although this was a private communication that was stolen, I accept full responsibility for what I wrote and apologize to everyone who was offended.”
Pascal has now become the most senior head to roll following the hack that strained relations between the studio and stars and other employees whose salaries, social security numbers and other personal information were leaked alongside other highly embarrassing emails.
The reputational damage to the studio has been greater than the financial one. On Wednesday Sony said that after taking account of its insurance policies the hack would cost the company just $15m.
In an interview with Hollywood website Deadline after the scandal broke, Pascal said she had been devastated by the hack. “Everyone at this company has been violated and nobody here deserved this,” she said.
“I am mostly disappointed in myself. That is the element of this that has been most painful for me. I don't want to be defined by these emails, after a 30-year career,” she said. “Clearly, there are things that you say in a rash moment without thinking them through, and it takes 10 seconds to say something stupid. When it's blasted and it might become the way you are defined as a human being, I have to say it. It's just wrong. It's wrong about me. And it's wrong to do to anyone.”
Michael Lynton, chief executive of Sony Pictures and Pascal's co-chair, said he was “delighted” Sony would continue to work with Pascal.
“Amy's creativity, drive and bold choices helped define SPE as a studio where talented individuals could take chances and push boundaries in order to deliver outstanding entertainment,” he said.
“The studio's legacy is in large part due to to Amy's passion for storytelling and love of this industry,” he said.
Pascal's contract was due to expire in March. The new deal lasts four years and Pascal is likely to oversee the making of some of Sony's biggest movies.
Pascal got her first job by answering an ad in the Hollywood Reporter and worked as a secretary for BBC producer Tony Garnett, famous for his work with director Ken Loach.
She is the first woman since Mary Pickford, the actress and co-founder of United Artists, to serve as a governor of the executive branch at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Truly, Donald Trump knows nothing. He is more ignorant about policy than you can possibly imagine, even when you take into account the fact that he is more ignorant than you can possibly imagine. But his ignorance isn't as unique as it may seem: In many ways, he's just doing a clumsy job of channeling nonsense widely popular in his party, and to some extent in the chattering classes more generally.
Last week the presumptive Republican presidential nominee — hard to believe, but there it is — finally revealed his plan to make America great again. Basically, it involves running the country like a failing casino: he could, he asserted, “make a deal” with creditors that would reduce the debt burden if his outlandish promises of economic growth don't work out.
The reaction from everyone who knows anything about finance or economics was a mix of amazed horror and horrified amazement. One does not casually suggest throwing away America's carefully cultivated reputation as the world's most scrupulous debtor — a reputation that dates all the way back to Alexander Hamilton.
The Trump solution would, among other things, deprive the world economy of its most crucial safe asset, U.S. debt, at a time when safe assets are already in short supply.
In 2010, novelist and newspaper columnist Nilanjana Roy argued that the dosa is the closest thing India has to a national dish. We now know this is true, because nothing has mobilised more vom emojis than news that McDonald's India has come up with a “masala dosa burger,” which launched this weekend. Did we see all this outrage for the birizza?
It's just as well that the outcry over McDonald's new breakfast menu contrasts with the matter-of-factness of its arrival. When we conduct our investigation on Saturday morning, there's not a Molotov cocktail in sight (Twitter, we're disappointed). But there are also no garlands on the new menu board, and no upsell from staff and servers.
This may be because there is no such thing as a “masala dosa burger” at all.
Julian Dosa-nge
It is instead a “Dosa Masala brioche”: a shellacked sandwich stuffed with the potato filling of a masala dosa. Does that make it better than you expected, though?
This sandwich, while not outright horrifying, is definitely among the worse breakfasts you'll eat not simply around the city, but inside McDonald's itself. Forget those spongy pancakes with their humiliatingly addictive artificial cinnamon smell that can haunt your waking brain on some mornings. Forget the new “masala scrambled eggs,” whose rehydrated texture makes you feel like you're eating deflated balloons, but whose combination of spices somehow invokes the flavours of Irani café akuri (scrambled eggs) with stunning accuracy. Forget, too, McDonald's coffee game, which remains strong as ever (and has upgraded to science-fiction levels of joyous efficiency at our local outlet).
Pot-hate-o, Potahto
In contrast, this stuff is just dull, flat, and stale without ever having had a chance to be fresh. It's not just the weird McD bread, dense but pore-less as a baby's skin. This writer knows the shame of enjoying its unnatural smoothness when contrasted with the taste and crunch of a batter-dipped McAloo Tikki.
The Dosa Masala Brioche offers only a seared, stingy tikki of batata filling, soggy with over-boiling and heavy with cumin. Worse (or better?), the promised “molaga podi sauce” never materialises—down to its last sour-milk clutch at the back of our throat, the sauce on this sandwich is the same peach-coloured mayo that haunts every other McDonald's burger.
The best thing to happen to us through this entire meal is encountering a jewel-green pea in the last bite of this sandwich. There's little reason to doubt its freshness: we can see a diligent line cook preparing the masala in a pan while we wait. Nevertheless, the darshinis, Udipis and dosa-cart aunties of the world may rest easy—there's nothing in either the price or the taste of this sensation to cause their clientele to betray them.
This post first appeared on Brown Paper Bag. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
Copyright by WSPA - All rights reserved From Youtube
Copyright by WSPA - All rights reserved From Youtube
GREER, SC (WSPA) - A video post on the Youtube account Trey Citizen shows a man taking video on his phone's camera at the Municipal Court and police department in Greer.
The video shows police officers approaching the man, later identified as Diante Valentine, and asking him to identify himself after he was reported as a suspicious person.
Valentine refuses to identify himself in the video, because he said he was doing nothing wrong.
He was arrested and charged with interfering with police, according to the city.
There are 24 states with "stop and identify" laws that allow police to ask for a person's ID whom they have reasonable suspicion of wrong doing.
South Carolina is not one of those states.
Law enforcement can question you, but you are not required to answer.
The YouTube channel has 2 other videos called "1st Amendment Audits."
In these videos, the man taking the video insults and flips-off officers.
The City of Greer's attorney, John Duggan, released the following statement about the incident:
It was only a few days before the nation would go over the fiscal cliff, no bipartisan agreement was in sight, and Reid had just publicly accused Boehner of running a “dictatorship” in the House and caring more about holding onto his gavel than striking a deal. “Go f— yourself,” Boehner sniped as he pointed his finger at Reid, according to multiple sources present. Reid, a bit startled, replied: “What are you talking about?” Boehner repeated: “Go f— yourself.”
Okay, so maybe Boehner was pissed off that Reid had accused him of running a dictatorship. But Reid's point was fair: Boehner, up to that point, had refused to allow a vote on anything that wasn't supported by a majority of House Republicans, even if a majority of the House as a whole wanted to see it get passed. And, in the end, while Boehner apparently bragged to his fellow House Republicans that he had told Reid to go f— himself, it was Reid who got his way: the bill that passed the House last night did so without a majority of House Republicans backing it.
In other words, the next time John Boehner says he can't pass something without having a majority of his own caucus supporting it, Democrats can rightly say back to him: go f— yourself.
Share. But it won't be a pay-to-win system. But it won't be a pay-to-win system.
While Electronic Arts will release DLC for Star Wars Battlefront II free of charge, the game will also feature microtransactions.
Battlefront II design director Niklas Fegraeus confirmed the game will include microtransactions in an interview with GameSpot. You'll be able to progress and unlock content using earned in-game currency, but "if you want to accelerate that, if you can't play for a week, you can purchase that," Fegraeus explained.
Exit Theatre Mode
"The important thing is everything can be earned [through gameplay]. If you're someone who spends time on the game, we love you, do your thing, do what you want to do. If you don't have the time, you can spend money and we love you as well. It's your choice," he added.
Fegraeus also went on to note that the microtransactions won't create a pay-to-win system. "No, it's not about buying the winning item," he explained. "No one can say, 'I'm going to spend my zillion dollars and then I'm going to dominate.' That's not how it works."
Star Wars Battlefront II E3 2017 Reveal Trailer Stills 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 22 01 OF 22-Star Wars Battlefront II E3 2017 Reveal Trailer Stills Download Image Captions ESC
Yesterday, during EA Play, Electronic Arts announced that Star Wars Battlefront II will feature themed "seasons" as free content updates. The first of these seasons will be available in December and feature content based on The Last Jedi.
You can pre-order the digital version of Star Wars Battlefront II now and secure early access to the Beta. The Elite Trooper Deluxe Edition is available for pre-order now as well.
Read IGN's Star Wars Battlefront II campaign impressions to find out why we believe the new single-player story mode is on the right track, and for all things E3, head over to IGN's E3 2017 hub.
Exit Theatre Mode
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow him on Twitter and subscribe to his YouTube channel.
Image copyright ESA/NAVCAM Image caption The red cross marks the initial landing point. Philae then bounced right, probably beyond the horizon
Efforts to find Europe's lost comet lander, Philae, have come up blank.
The most recent imaging search by the overflying Rosetta "mothership" can find no trace of the probe.
Philae touched down on 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko on 12 November, returning a swathe of data before going silent when its battery ran flat.
European Space Agency scientists say they are now waiting on Philae itself to reveal its position when it garners enough power to call home.
Researchers have a pretty good idea of where the robot should be, but pinpointing its exact location is tricky.
On touchdown, Philae bounced twice before coming to rest in a dark ditch.
This much is clear from the pictures it took of its surroundings. And this location, the mission team believes, is just off the top of the "head" of the duck-shaped comet.
The orbiting Rosetta satellite photographed this general location on 12, 13 and 14 December, with each image then scanned by eye for any bright pixels that might be Philae. But no positive detection has yet been made.
Rosetta has now moved further from 67P, raising its altitude from 20km to 30km, and there is no immediate plan to go back down (certainly, not to image Philae's likely location).
Even if they cannot locate it, scientists are confident the little probe will eventually make its whereabouts known.
As 67P moves closer to the Sun, lighting conditions for the robot should improve, allowing its solar cells to recharge the battery system.
Image copyright ESA/Rosetta/Philae/CNES/FD Image caption A high wall, dubbed Perihelion Cliff, is thought to be blocking sunlight reaching Philae's solar panels
The latest assessment suggests communications could be re-established in the May/June timeframe, with Philae distributing enough electricity to its instruments to resume operations around September.
This would be at perihelion - the time when the comet is closest to the Sun (185 million km away) and at its most active.
Scientists continue to pore over the data Philae managed to send back before going into hibernation.
Some of the results - together with ongoing Rosetta observations - were reported at the recent American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco.
Highlights include a clearer idea of the nature of the comet's surface. Researchers say this appears to be covered in many places by a soft, dusty "soil" about 15-20cm in depth.
Underneath this is a very hard layer, which is thought to be mainly sintered ice.
The conference had the rare opportunity to see pictures from Rosetta's Osiris camera system.
Image copyright Esa/rosetta/MPS for Osiris team Image caption One of the last views of Philae heading down to the surface after release from its mothership, Rosetta
These high-resolution images are not normally shown publicly because the camera team has been given an exclusive period to study the data and make discoveries.
Among them was a shot looking into a pit on the surface, revealing an array of rounded features that the Osiris team has nicknamed "dinosaur eggs".
These features have a preferred scale of about 2-3m and may be evidence of the original icy blocks that came together 4.5 billion years ago to build the comet.
The dino eggs have been seen at a number of locations, including in cliff walls.
Early interpretations of the general surface of the comet indicate that many structures are probably the result of collapse over internal voids.
Although a small body just 4km across, 67P's gravity is still strong enough to shape depressions and arrange fallen boulders.
A good example of this is in "Hapi" valley - the giant gorge that forms the "neck" of the comet.
It contains a string of large blocks at its base, which one Osiris team-member argued very likely fell from the nearby vertical cliff dubbed "Hathor".
All the surface features on 67P carry names that follow an ancient Egyptian theme.
Hapi was revered as a god of the Nile. Hathor was a deity associated with the sky.
Image copyright ESA/NAVCAM Image caption Hapi valley contains a string of boulders at its base
Image copyright ESA/NAVCAM Image caption Although it does not pull hard on 67P, gravity is highly influential in sculpting surface forms
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Our Seabird Policy Officer, Rory Crawford, is back with another seabird saga.
The tale of the great auk – Scotland's great extinct penguin
After what I was saying Tuesday about taking our internationally-important seabirds for granted, I felt it important to re-tell a story that should serve as a cautionary tale. The tale of the great northern hemisphere penguin that was once common as muck – but is now exctinct.
Great auks were once found right across the North Atlantic – from Newfoundland, where the largest known colony was found on Funk Island (nothing to do with James Brown, as far as we know) to Iceland, across to Scotland and as far south as Madeira.
These birds looked a lot like big razorbills or guillemots. Standing at around 85 centimetres tall, their tiny wings made them look rather unwieldy. Not that it mattered too much to the great auk – these birds were flightless, built to pursue prey underwater.
It's a huge disappointment that all we see of these birds now is the awkward-looking stuffed museum specimen you can see in the picture below. Just as penguins look slightly ridiculous waddling around on land, take one look at them shooting around underwater with nothing but the tiniest flick of a wing and you've got a much better insight into the true majesty of the great auk.
Great auk in the Kelvingrove Museum, Glasgow. Photo: Mike Pennington
Being flightless, as well as being rather unafraid of humans, led ultimately to their downfall. Without the ability to fly away from hunters, great auks were easy pickings for humans seeking an easy meal. It is rumoured that sailors were even able to anchor their boats next to colonies, lay out planks and herd great auks directly on board, where they would inevitably meet their end.
The last great auk in Scotland was killed on Stac an Armin, St. Kilda, where three islanders captured the bird and kept it alive for three days. When the weather deteriorated, they were convinced the auk was responsible, and killed it, believing it to be a witch.
As global numbers dwindled, the last few were sadly killed as specimens for collections – and the very last northern hemisphere penguin was killed on Eldey, Iceland between the 2nd and 5th of June, 1844.
It's too late for the great auk – but it's not too late for some of our cracking modern-day seabirds. Do your bit and sign our marine pledge and get everyone you know to do the same. If you haven't already, please watch our video and share the message
These guillemots still have a chance! Sign the Marine Pledge.
In the early days of the Occupy Wall Street demonstration, officers of the NYPD were filmed as they trapped female protesters inside a sidewalk barricade and pepper-sprayed them in the face.
In the days following the incident, the video went viral, and Deputy Inspector Anthony Bologna was fingered by Anonymous as the officer who unleashed pepper spray without provocation and despite the females' attempts to follow NYPD orders.
The Department's Internal Affairs Bureau reviewed the episode and recently determined that Inspector Bologna “used pepper spray outside departmental guidelines,” said Paul J. Browne, the Police Department's chief spokesman.
According to the NY Times, the department's patrol guide says pepper spray should be used primarily to control a suspect who is resisting arrest, or for protection; it does allow for its use in “disorder control,” but only by officers with special training.
Bologna's punishment for flouting the rules and exacting his own brand of justice? He'll lose 10 vacation days.
Dissatisfied with the ruling, 24-year-old victim Kaylee Dedrick is continuing with her plan to press charges. According to her lawyer, Dedrick would like to see Bologna charged with misdemeanor assault. If convicted, Bologna could earn a sentence of probation and court-ordered anger management classes.
“Frankly, I don't want him to lose any vacation days at all,” commented attorney Ron Kuby, who is representing one of the victims. ”That means he spends more time on the job with an even bigger attitude. I think he needs a very long rest someplace quiet and stress-free.”
Bologna has been silent on the matter thus far, issuing the following response through a Union spokesperson:
“Deputy Inspector Bologna is disappointed at the results of the Department investigation. His actions prevented further injury and escalation of tumultuous conduct,” said Roy Richter, president of the NYPD Captains Endowment Association.
Perhaps someone should tell Bologna that the 99% engages in all that “tumultuous conduct” to preserve his right to belong to a Union in the first place. A right that is extremely inconvenient for the 1%. He should also be reminded that protecting the Constitutional rights of all New Yorkers is the only reason he's enjoyed 29 years of employment.
Maybe next time he'll think about on which side of the barricade he truly belongs.
Related Reading:
Is Occupy Wall Street Planning A National Convention?
U.S. Marines Defend Occupy Wall Street Protesters [Video]
Is MTV Occupying Wall Street?
Image Credit: Flickr – david_shankbone
WASHINGTON — When North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory signed a sweeping voter identification law last year, Democrats, civil rights organizations, and the Department of Justice all quickly decried the effort as a blatant attempt to suppress the vote of minorities in the state.
But as the 2014 election draws closer, where vulnerable Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is up for re-election, minority activist groups see a high potential for the law to mobilize and actually increase voter turnout in a low turnout year, especially among African Americans.
The law's centerpiece, a requirement that all voters present identification, doesn't go into effect until 2016, but a slew of other provisions have caused groups like the American Civil Liberties Union and the NAACP to sound the alarm bells in advance of November's election. The law limited early voting, got rid of pre-registration for 16- and 17-year-olds, ended same-day registration, and determined that ballots mistakenly case at the wrong precinct but in the right county will no longer be counted. The ACLU and the NAACP filed suit against the state, as did the Obama administration. Attorney General Eric Holder called the provisions "aggressive steps to curtail the voting rights of African Americans," on the part of the state legislature.
While they are battling the law in court, the NAACP has embarked on an aggressive effort to register voters in the hopes that putting the law at the center of their political efforts will have a profound impact on November's election. They are planning on sending 50 volunteers into counties across the state to "engage in intense issue-based voter registration and voter empowerment campaign," said Laurel Ashton, a field coordinator for the group. Other groups too have committed big resources to voter efforts — including Planned Parenthood Action, which plans to spend $3 million in the state.
The NAACP maintains this is a nonpartisan effort — many of their workers are going into counties that are deeply Republican and majority white. But the group has protested strongly against the state's Republican-controlled legislature, including the state's speaker of the house, Thom Tillis, who is the frontrunner to challenge Hagan. Polls have shown the race to be close in the red state where President Obama remains unpopular.
Rev. William Barber, the president of the NAACP in North Carolina, who has spearheaded protests — known as the Moral Monday movement — argues the energy on the ground will have a bigger impact on the Senate race than people realize.
"All the pundits that are looking at this election have not been afforded the time to look at an election with this kind of moral energy around it," he told BuzzFeed. "People can't measure the season we're in and the electorate is much deeper, more informed, and more committed than ever before."
The NAACP has not endorsed Hagan, but in their pitch to voters Barber said the group planned to put the election in the context of the Voting Rights Act — and that the outcome of the election was larger than any one candidate.
Passed 50 years ago, the VRA required among other things, federal approval for changes to voting laws in states with a history of discrimination at the polls, including North Carolina. After the Supreme Court invalidated that portion of the law, North Carolina was able to immediately enact the changes to state voting laws.
Unless Congress passes a new version of the designations, states like North Carolina can continue to make changes without DOJ's approval.
The NAACP is framing Hagan's race as bigger than just her seat.
"Who ever wins in the Senate race they're going to have an impact in the future… of the Voting Rights Act," Barber said. "And who ever is elected we have to hold them accountable but before that people are going to have to measure who they vote for."
Election experts generally agree with Barber's assessment that the voter I.D. law could help rally a frustrated liberal base this year. Progressives in the state have griped about their displeasure with Hagan, but also indicated that defeating Tillis would be a huge motivator to get people to the polls. Hagan has forcefully spoken out about the law and last year had encouraged the DOJ to look into it.
"A number of the provisions of law are not going to be in effect in 2014. In terms of really suppressing turn out, I don't think that's very likely," said Rick Hasen, a law and political science professor at the University of California-Irvine who studies state election laws. "In fact it could provide a means of increasing turnout because one of the things that we've seen is that Democrats will fundraise and get the vote out by pointing out what they call Republican efforts to suppress the vote."
It's not a new playbook: Democrats have sounded the alarm bells over voter I.D laws in 2012 as well, but African American turnout actually surpassed white turnout in that election, according to the Associated Press. And in Georgia, which has had a voter I.D. law in place since 2007, turnout among black voters has steadily increased.
When McCrory signed the law, he argued in an op-ed that the provisions would "strengthen the integrity of North Carolina's election process."
"Even if the instances of misidentified people casting votes are low, that shouldn't prevent us from putting this non-burdensome safeguard in place," he wrote. "Just because you haven't been robbed doesn't mean you shouldn't lock your doors at night or when you're away from home."
Meanwhile, the national GOP is aggressively trying to combat any notion that the actions of the state legislature would hurt state Republicans with African-American voters. They also dispute that the voting laws would be a deciding factor in the Senate race.
The Republican National Committee has set up early in the state, and established an "African-American engagement office" office in Charlotte. The office has dedicated staff on the ground "going door-to-door to start conversations with people who haven't traditionally been Republican voters," said Orlando Watson, the RNC's communications director for black media.
Watson said they were "finding commonality with black voters."
The effort is part of the Republicans' broader — and much covered — venture to correct the poor performance with minority voters.
"We know that issues like voter I.D. don't restrict people from voting," Watson said. "The fact of the matter of is, if you don't have an I.D. in North Carolina, you can obtain one for free. What we're hearing from voters is that they are facing limited opportunities to succeed, they're struggling to get by in this economy so what we're offering them is a positive message not scare tactics."
Watson's colleague, Tara Wall, who serves as the senior adviser for black media, took offense to the question that something like North Carolina's I.D. law could antagonize black voters.
"It's not OK to assume that laws that are designed to protect voters from fraud have bad motives, or that we, as Republicans, are somehow diabolical in our intentions with free and fair elections," she said. "To me that's insulting. We all want free, fair, elections and we believe that's sacrosanct. It's insulting and not acceptable."
Checking off some of the other items on their wish list, especially upgrading at shortstop, may take a little longer, Sandy Alderson warned Wednesday on the last full day of the annual General Managers Meetings at the Arizona Biltmore. And that's all right, he said.
PHOENIX -- The Mets moved quickly to address one of their most pressing concerns this offseason, signing free-agent outfielder Michael Cuddyer to a two-year, $21 million contract on Monday.
PHOENIX -- The Mets moved quickly to address one of their most pressing concerns this offseason, signing free-agent outfielder Michael Cuddyer to a two-year, $21 million contract on Monday.
Checking off some of the other items on their wish list, especially upgrading at shortstop, may take a little longer, Sandy Alderson warned Wednesday on the last full day of the annual General Managers Meetings at the Arizona Biltmore. And that's all right, he said.
"I certainly don't feel any [pressure to make another move quickly]. I don't think the organization does. I think we're happy with the move we made. There's always a desire to keep the momentum up. But inevitably, there's going to be a lull, whether it's now or later. So at this point, I think the fact that we've made one move gives us a little more breathing space and chance to be patient with what comes next.
"It's really going to depend on how things work out over the course of conceivably the next two months. It could be that long. It could be into January before it's resolved with some of these players. I think the market ebbs and flows. Demand ebbs and flows. Supply. So you just really have to sit there and analyze where things are and where they're going. But at the moment, I think it's really too early to be definitive about what's going to be there and what is not."
Alderson described the shortstop market as "limited" at the moment.
Free agents include Hanley Ramirez, Asdrubal Cabrera, Jed Lowrie and Stephen Drew. Big-name shortstops whose names have been bandied about in trade rumors include Troy Tulowitzki of the Rockies, Starlin Castro of the Cubs and Jimmy Rollins of the Phillies.
By signing Cuddyer, the Mets are still well-positioned to make a trade for a shortstop.
"We still have assets [to deal]," Alderson said. "I think we have more than enough if that's what we choose to do."
The fact that so many front offices have been restructured recently may also be providing a drag on the trade market.
"With those changes, I think any new front office staff would be maybe reluctant to jump at something unless they felt overwhelmed by a deal," Alderson said. "And you try not to overwhelm other teams. Nobody does. So I'd say, yes, it's probably going to be slower."
Alderson agreed with the premise that teams are generally less willing to trade prospects these days, but he quickly added that there are exceptions to every rule.
"I think the market for players has definitely changed," Alderson said. "You start with the fact that the free-agent market is thinner today than it was five, six years ago. So you start with that notion and the expectation that that will continue to be the case, it makes sense to be more careful about the players that you have.
"On the other hand, it is about winning at the Major League level. It's not about stockpiling prospects. It's a means to an end. At some point, you have to make the tradeoff, which is what we did with the Draft pick [given up as compensation to sign Cuddyer]. I think clubs are generally being more cautious about younger players across the board, but that doesn't mean things are going to be prohibitive at any single transaction."
In short, the Mets remain cautiously optimistic that they'll be able to make a deal for a shortstop. They'll just have to be patient.
Paul Hagen is a reporter for MLB.com.
Share On more Share On more
A new social network is taking the idea of an "A-list" country club, and moving it online. Meet Netropolitan Netropolitan / Via netropolitan.info
Netropolitan claims to be "the world's most exclusive online community." The website's homepage says the goal is to offer a forum for rich tools to show off once again just how much money they have like-minded individuals across the globe who share lifestyles and interests. There's probably just as many complaining statuses and vacation selfies (wait maybe more) than Facebook.
It's basically just Facebook, except you have to pay a butt-load of cash to get access to it. Wikipedia / Via en.wikipedia.org
It costs $9,000 to join Netropolitan. Of that cost, $6,000 is an "initiation fee," while the other $3,000 is the "annual membership fee." That's right, this is a yearly subscription service. On your one-year anniversary on the site you'll be charged $3,000 or you're out (but free to rejoin once you pay that annual membership again).
This is the dude that created Netropolitan: Wikipedia / Via en.wikipedia.org 😍😍💵💵💵💁
This is his Netropolitan profile: Netropolitan / Via netropolitan.info
Yawn amirite? A media posting approved and posted by Netropolitan says that James Touchi-Peters, an orchestra conductor and composer, thought up the social network when "he had trouble finding a place online where he could communicate with people who share his interests."
There are rules - No kids (You gotta be 21 to get into this club) - Other languages are no bueno (English only in public posts, private messages are ok) - Don't front ("All members of Netropolitan must use their real names, and must be truthful about their cities of residence and their background.") - No business propositions to other members (But look at all the people with moneyyy. Still no.)
Netropolitan / Via Netropolitan.info Touchi's face is compatible with every device
And of course there are perks - No ads (But what am I supposed to spend all of my money on?) - Privacy & Security: "With the exception of the login screen, the entire Netropolitan social club is inaccessible to the public. Netropolitan isn't indexed by search engines, and all transmissions to and from the service to your browser or app are automatically encrypted. We have gone to every known length possible to make the club private and secure." (If you believe that, you're dumb because everything can be hacked these days) But also the website crashed on me while writing this so either it knew I was too poor and was trying to keep me out, or it's really just not a stable website
ANITA SARKEESIAN IS a feminist who critically explores the roles of women in pop culture.
She has recently taken to producing videos on the tropes that depict women in video games on her Feminist Frequency site.
Her criticism of some of the biggest games of the last five years drew her the ire of a portion of Twitter users.
That ire spilled beyond the realm of online when Anita and her family were forced to leave their home after what she called “scary threats”.
Some very scary threats have just been made against me and my family. Contacting authorities now. — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) August 27, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
She went on to say that her family were safe, but tweeted examples of the abuse she has received.
I'm safe. Authorities have been notified. Staying with friends tonight. I'm not giving up. But this harassment of women in tech must stop! — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) August 27, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
“Go ahead, screen capture this and tweet it you piece of shit” ummm… ok. I'm not afraid of (strawman) "rebuttals". pic.twitter.com/8B74uYJOOU — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) August 27, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
I usually don't share the really scary stuff. But it's important for folks to know how bad it gets [TRIGGER WARNING] pic.twitter.com/u6b3i0fysI — Feminist Frequency (@femfreq) August 27, 2014 Source: Feminist Frequency /Twitter
Sarkeesian was supported by Hollywood heavyweight and Avengers director Joss Whedon.
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
Whoops! We couldn't find this Tweet
CLEVELAND -- Indians second baseman Jason Kipnis is out indefinitely after being placed on the disabled list again with a strained right hamstring.
Kipnis returned recently after missing a month, but he was removed from Tuesday night's game against Boston. He grounded out in the first inning and was replaced by a pinch hitter in the third.
Kipnis underwent an MRI, which showed he aggravated the injury.
"There's really no timetable [for his return]," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "It's going to be on how he feels. Rather than try to milk it for three or four days, we felt like, let's get him healthy." An MRI on Wednesday showed Jason Kipnis aggravated a hamstring injury on Tuesday. He's been placed back on the disabled list and there's no timetable for his return. Elsa/Getty Images
Kipnis joins a list of injured Indians players that seems to grow by the day. Pitchers Andrew Miller (right knee tendinitis) and Danny Salazar (sore right elbow) were placed on the 10-day DL on Tuesday.
Miller was on the DL with the knee injury from Aug. 2-18 and made only two appearances before being sidelined again. He was removed Monday after facing two batters.
Outfielders Michael Brantley (sprained right ankle) and Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and pitcher Josh Tomlin (strained left hamstring) have been sidelined for several weeks.
Although Kipnis and Miller are back on the DL with the same injuries that sidelined them earlier, Francona said he doesn't think either player returned too quickly.
"When guys say they're ready and the medical people say they're ready, you try to use your best information," Francona said. "It's certainly not perfect. We know that. Guys do get hurt, and when they get hurt we do question ourselves, but I don't think we would have done anything different."
Miller was examined by Dr. Richard Parker, the head physician of the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday. The Indians have reached out to the Cavaliers to see if there is something more they can do with a condition more common in NBA players.
"The good news from Dr. Parker was, he's confident that Andrew will pitch and help us," Francona said.
Kipnis is batting .228 with 11 home runs and 30 RBIs. He was on the DL from July 9 to Aug. 6 when he first injured the hamstring.
Infielder Erik Gonzalez was recalled from Triple-A Columbus.
UK government study finds no evidence that harsh sentencing curbs illegal use and documents success of Portugal's decriminalisation
There is no evidence that tough enforcement of the drug laws on personal possession leads to lower levels of drug use, according to the UK government's first evidence-based study.
Examining international drug laws, the groundbreaking Home Office document brings to an end 40 years of almost unbroken official political rhetoric that only harsher penalties can tackle the problem caused by the likes of heroin, cocaine or cannabis.
It is signed off by the Conservative home secretary, Theresa May, and the Liberal Democrat minister Norman Baker, and will be published alongside an official expert report calling for a general ban on the sale and trade in legal highs.
Baker said the international comparisons demonstrated that “banging people up and increasing sentences does not stop drug use”. He said the last 40 years had seen a drugs debate in Britain based on the “lazy assumption in the rightwing press that if you have harsher penalties it will reduce drug use, but there is no evidence for that at all”.
Baker added: “If anything the evidence is to the contrary.”
The minister added that wider societal factors, such as a more risk-averse generation of young people, who suffered fewer alcohol problems and were healthier, contributed to the general downward trend in drug use.
It documents in detail the successes of the health-led approach in Portugal combining decriminalisation with other policies, and shows reductions in all types of drug use alongside falls in drug-related HIV and Aids cases.
The Home Office international research paper on the use of illegal drugs, which redeems a Liberal Democrat 2010 election pledge for a royal commission to examine the alternatives to the current drug laws, also leaves the door open on the legalisation experiments in the American states of Washington and Colorado, and in Uruguay.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Medicine Man Denver is the single largest legal medical and recreational marijuana dispensary in Denver, Colorado. Photograph: Alamy
It says that “it is too early to know how they will play out but we will monitor the impacts of these new policies in the years to come”.
Regarding legal highs, Baker said the government would look at the feasibility of a blanket ban on new compounds of psychoactive drugs that focused on dealers and the “head shops” that sell tobacco paraphernalia rather than users.
“The head shops could be left with nothing to sell but Rizla papers,” Baker said. “The approach of a general ban had a dramatic effect on their availability when it was introduced in Ireland, but we must ensure that it will work here.”
A ban would apply to head shops and websites. Legal highs are currently banned on a temporary 12-month basis as each new substance arrives on the market. Legislation is possible before the election but not certain.
The new blanket or “generic” ban would not be accompanied by a ban on the possession or use of the new psychoactive substances, which often mimic the effects of traditional drugs. This would remain legal.
It is expected the expert report on legal highs will recommend a threshold for substances to be banned so that those with minimal psychoactive effects such as alcohol, tobacco, tea and coffee would not be caught by the proposed new ban.
The report firmly rejects a New Zealand style-approach of regulating head shops and other sales outlets for legal highs.
Publication of both reports has been held up for months as interminable negotiations between the two coalition parties have gone on over every detailed issue.
Baker has repeatedly warned of the dangers of legal highs, citing evidence that some cannabinoids synthesised in chemical labs are 100 times more powerful than traditional strains of cannabis.
The expert report says there were 60 deaths related to new psychoactive substances in 2013 – up from 52 the year before.
It also considers basing future controls of the effect on the brain rather than the current test of their chemical structure.
Frontline health staff are also urged to receive strengthened training to deal with their effects.
Danny Kushlik, of the Transform drugs charity – which campaigns for drug legalisation, said the international report represented a landmark in British drugs policy since the introduction of the 1971 Misuse of Drugs Act that is still in force today.
“This is a historic moment in the development of UK drug policy. For the first time in over 40 years the Home Office has admitted that enforcing tough drug laws doesn't necessarily reduce levels of drug use,” said Kushlik.
“It has also acknowledged that decriminalising the possession of drugs doesn't increase levels of use. Even more, the department in charge of drugs prohibition says it will take account of the experiments in the legal regulation of cannabis in Washington, Colorado and Uruguay.
“Pragmatic reform will only happen if there is crossparty support for change and we can assume now that the Labour party can engage constructively on this previously toxic issue.”
A Home Office spokesperson, responding to the evidence of the international report, said: “This government has absolutely no intention of decriminalising drugs. Our drugs strategy is working and there is a long-term downward trend in drug misuse in the UK.
“It is right that we look at drugs policies in other countries and today's report summarises a number of these international approaches.”
Earlier this year the deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg, pledged to abolish prison sentences for the possession of drugs for personal use – including class-A substances such as heroin and cocaine. He urged David Cameron to look at issues such as decriminalisation or legalisation of drugs.
In a fascinating long piece in MIT Technology Review, Antonio Regalado examines the genetically modified seed industry's latest blockbuster app in development—one that has nothing to do with seeds. Instead, it involves the industry's other bread-and-butter product: pesticide sprays. But we're not talking about the poisonous chemicals you convinced your dad to stop dousing the lawn with. The novel sprays in question are powered by a genetic technology called RNA interference, which promises to kill specific insects and weeds by silencing genes crucial to their survival, while leaving nontarget species unscathed.
RNAi, as it's known, is an emerging science; the two US researchers who discovered it brought home a Nobel Prize in 2006. Regalado describes the process like this:
The cells of plants and animals carry their instructions in the form of DNA. To make a protein, the sequence of genetic letters in each gene gets copied into matching strands of RNA, which then float out of the nucleus to guide the protein-making machinery of the cell. RNA interference, or gene silencing, is a way to destroy specific RNA messages so that a particular protein is not made.
If you can nix RNA messages that exist to generate crucial genes, you've got yourself an effective bug or weed killer. And GMO seed and pesticide behemoth Monsanto thinks it has just that. Robb Fraley, the company's chief technology officer and a pioneer in creating GM seeds, told Regalado that within a few years, RNA sprays would "open up a whole new way to use biotechnology" that "doesn't have the same stigma, the same intensive regulatory studies and cost that we would normally associate with GMOs." Fraley described the novel technology as "incredible" and "breathtaking."
It's not hard to see why the veteran agrichemical and biotech exec is so amped for something new to load into a crop duster. Monsanto's GM herbicide-resistant and insecticidal traits still dominate the highly lucrative US corn, soybean, and cotton seed markets, but these cash-cow products are victims of their own success, so widely used that weeds and pests are rapidly developing resistance to them. The company's flagship herbicide, Roundup, still generates about $5 billion in sales annually, but it went off-patent years ago, and it was recently declared a "probable carcinogen" by the World Health Organization—a finding Monsanto disputes.
Last night, Twiddle guitarist Mihali Savoulidis joined acclaimed reggae vocalist and beat-boxer Matisyahu for a sit-in during his set at Burlington, Vermont's Higher Ground. Matisyahu shared a live video of their soundcheck jam via his Facebook page to get fans excited about the evening's collaboration.
The inspired improv session does not disappoint, with hot soloing from Savoulidis that segues smoothly into a breezy, hypnotic vamp propelled by Matisyahu's vocal percussion. Watch video of the soundcheck below:
Matisyahu and Twiddle have really been sharing the love this week. Last night's collaboration comes on the heels of Matisyahu's sit-in with Twiddle at the Capitol Theatre in Port Chester, New York on Saturday, which saw the singer contribute vocals to Twiddle's “Lost in the Cold” (off 2015's PLUMP Chapter One) before leading the band through their live debut of his hit song “King Without A Crown,” originally released on his 2004 debut album Shake off the Dust… Arise.
We can't wait to see what else may come from this potent musical collaboration in the future!
Local activists gathered outside the office of Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas MP Filomena Tassi Tuesday to remind the federal Liberal government of its campaign promise on electoral reform.
The visit was part of a national day of action called "Make Every Vote Count" that was facilitated by advocacy group Leadnow and saw protesters visit more than 50 MP offices across the country.
In Hamilton, a framed copy of the Liberals' election promise on electoral reform was delivered to Tassi's office.
"We are in favour of proportional representation," said local organizer Heather Yoell in a media release. "We need to get beyond the divide-and-conquer politics of 'first-past-the-post' by making every vote count."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pledged in the lead-up to the 2015 campaign that the fall election would be Canada's last under first-past-the-post.
Critics of first-past-the-post, which has governed Canada's elections for 149 years, argue it skews the "popular vote," meaning parties can form majority governments with less than 40 per cent of the vote.
Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef recently said she hopes to bring forward legislation early next year, which is the rough deadline for Elections Canada to prepare whatever the Liberals ultimately recommend.
She said she also wants to wait for the results of the mydemocracy.ca survey, which is open until the end of December.
To prepare a new system by 2019, Elections Canada would need the Liberals to build a new electoral system, draft legislation, introduce a bill and shepherd it through the House of Commons and the Senate by about June.
With files from The Toronto Star
Making Sense by Michael Reagan
Why does California even bother to have a border?
Why does the United States of America?
In 2013 the governor of our one-party state, Jerry Brown, and the Democrats in Sacramento effectively turned California into a sanctuary state.
They told Washington that if any of the illegal immigrants arrested here had not committed a serious crime they would not be turned over to federal immigration officials for deportation.
Now the council of Santa Ana has voted to join more than 30 other California towns that have declared themselves sanctuary cities.
Already L.A, San Francisco, San Diego and Oakland won't cooperate with federal officials or spend any of their resources to look for people who are in the USA illegally.
We'll see how tough the politicians running these cities and places like Chicago are when the Trump administration starts cutting off their federal funding.
Meanwhile, the state I love continues to be abused by the Progressive Gestapo (PG) in Sacramento that doesn't care who gets hurts by their open-door immigration policies or their terrible regulations and nonstop tax hikes.
The working-class Latinos who live here – the legal ones, the American citizens – and the working poor are the ones who'll lose their jobs to the cheaper labor of illegal aliens.
The state's “Haves” – the Hollywood elites, Silicon Valley computer engineers and lifetime political hacks — are not going to lose their jobs to an illegal immigrant from Mexico.
It's going to be the “Have Nots” – the gardeners, day laborers and entry-level restaurant workers.
They'll be the ones who'll be hurt by the incoming waves of illegal immigrants that California's Progressive Gestapo greets with open arms and treats better than the state's shrinking number of taxpayers.
Illegal immigrants in California already get free health services and schools for their kids. They already can get a driver's license. Now they're talking about letting them vote.
In California, there's a whole industry built around supplying fake Social Security cards. You can buy one and get it in an hour. Then you have the paperwork you need to take someone's job away from them.
So watch out, America.
California is where most of our worst ideas about government are incubated and put into practice.
Unless Donald Trump's get-tough policy on illegal immigration turns things around, the Progressive Gestapo might be coming to your state and town next – if it's not already there.
California is a 40-year-old train wreck and it's only getting worse. Major corporations are moving their headquarters to other states. People who own homes and pay taxes are leaving, too.
A friend of mine who had immigrated to America from communist Czechoslovakia recently gave up on California.
The Golden State was looking more and more to him like the country he escaped from in 1986, so he sold his house and moved to Puerto Rico.
Immigrants from around the planet used to come to America to work hard, get rich and become Americans. Now they come here – often illegally — and want Americans to assimilate to their cultures and give them free stuff.
It's getting so crazy in California, legal immigrants from Mexico are thinking of moving back.
—
Copyright ©2016 Michael Reagan. Michael Reagan is the son of President Ronald Reagan, a political consultant, and the author of “The New Reagan Revolution” (St. Martin's Press). He is the founder of the email service reagan.com and president of The Reagan Legacy Foundation. Visit his websites at www.reagan.com and www.michaelereagan.com. Send comments to [email protected] Follow @reaganworld on Twitter.
Mike's column is distributed exclusively by Cagle Cartoons newspaper syndicate. For info on using columns contact Sales at [email protected]
Temperature forecast difference from normal Wednesday morning to Monday morning from GFS model.
For many parts of the nation, a prolonged period of punishing cold is just getting started.
The cold snap that descended on much of the nation from the Rockies eastward on Christmas Eve is predicted to become further entrenched and even more biting in the coming days. The worst of the cold may grip the central United States from Saturday through New Year's Day, when temperatures may fall more than 30 degrees below normal. Then it may spill eastward.
Some of the cold could be record-challenging if the most extreme forecasts are correct.
It's already brutal
The first cold wave arrived over the weekend into Christmas Day, infiltrating the Pacific Northwest, the Northern Rockies and much of the eastern half of the nation.
The initial blast of cold supported snow that blanketed half the nation Christmas Day, the highest percentage on Dec. 25 in five years. For the first time on record, Seattle had at least an inch of snow on the ground for both Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. Meanwhile, thundersnow rocked Boston while a blizzard warning was hoisted for southeast Maine.
Map of observed snow cover Dec. 25. (NOAA)
As the Arctic air poured over the Great Lakes, it produced astronomical snowfall amounts. An incredible 53 inches of snow piled up in 30 hours in Erie, Pa., Pennsylvania's biggest two-day snowfall on record.
[How this Pennsylvania city got more than 4 feet of snow in just 30 hours]
On Tuesday morning, a reinforcing blast of cold sent windchill temperatures across North Dakota and northern Minnesota crashing to around minus-40, offering just a taste of even more bitter cold to come.
Wind chill temperatures this morning are 30 below to 40 below zero and colder across North Dakota. Be careful when spending time outside! pic.twitter.com/bbnDiNv8jp — NWS Bismarck (@NWSBismarck) December 26, 2017
Worst is yet to come
The extreme cold over the north-central United States on Tuesday will ooze into the Northeast by Thursday, when the National Weather Service predicts record-cold high temperatures from the Delmarva to New England, from the 20s south to the single digits north.
Forecast high temperatures Thursday from the National Weather Service. Those circled are predicted to be within a degree of a record low. (WeatherBell.com)
But it's the surge of cold that follows, expected to be unleashed this weekend and to continue into early next week, that may be even more severe — particularly in the central United States.
Jason Furtado, a meteorology professor at University of Oklahoma, described the forecast as “about as anomalously cold as it gets” in a tweet.
The same areas of North Dakota and Minnesota witnessing minus-40 windchills Tuesday may see these levels plummet to between minus-50 and minus-60 by the weekend.
Taylor Trogdon, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service, tweeted that the American model is forecasting some of the most extreme cold “ever observed” in central Missouri, with highs below zero and lows near minus-20 around New Year's.
This frigid air may well expand east into the Mid-Atlantic and the Northeast by New Year's Day or shortly thereafter.
The cold waves, together, could become noteworthy for their intensity and duration. The National Weather Service is calling for New York City's average temperature over the next seven days to be around 19 degrees, which is about 10 degrees below average.
An arctic chill will be with us through at least New Year's Weekend. The forecast average temperature at Central Park is 19°F degrees. We do not expect temperatures to rise above the freezing mark for at least the next 7 days. pic.twitter.com/G2ff161EPv — NWS New York NY (@NWSNewYorkNY) December 26, 2017
Just how cold will your city be? Here is the American modeling system's (ensemble mean) forecast for the coldest day between Wednesday and New Year's Day:
Minneapolis: Saturday. High: minus-9, low: minus-15
Milwaukee: Saturday. High: 6, low: minus-2
St. Louis: Sunday. High: 1, low: Minus-9
Oklahoma City: Monday. High: 9, low: minus-1
Dallas: Monday. High: 20, low: 11
Chicago: Saturday. High: 4, low: minus-1
Detroit: Monday. High: 14, low: 4
Cleveland: Monday. High: 15, low: 11
Indianapolis: Monday. High: 6, low: minus-5
Memphis: Monday. High: 16, low: 9
Boston: Wednesday. High: 11, low: 6
New York: Monday. High: 17, low: 6
Pittsburgh: Monday. High: 15, low: 4
Washington: Monday. High: 20, low: 10
Raleigh, N.C.: Monday. High: 26, low: 15
Atlanta: Monday. High: 35, low: 20
Keep in mind that model forecasts, so far this year, have tended to run colder than reality beyond three days into the future. So it remains to be seen whether the cold will be this intense.
But irrespective of its exact magnitude, models are in strong agreement that the abnormally cold period will last for a while — at least the next week to 10 days. After that, there may be a gradual thaw.
For many in the West, the idea that a church would take an overtly hawkish stance in the conflict in Syria is an utterly foreign concept.
But then, the Russian Orthodox Church is not of the West, says Archpriest Vsevolod Chaplin, the church's most recognizable spokesperson, in his spartan downtown Moscow office.
"The idea that church and state should be alienated from each other is not a characteristic of Orthodox civilization," insists the wispy-bearded senior cleric, whose eyes almost seem to burn. "It's a characteristic of the West."
Not well known or understood in the West, the Russian Orthodox Church has been Russia's chief source of spiritual identity for most of its 1,000-year existence. Though it was nearly destroyed by the communists, it has since rebounded sharply to become once again the Kremlin's ideological bulwark.
As that relationship has solidified, the church has also integrated with the military. Russian media frequently run photos of priests blessing weaponry, including war planes, while Orthodox chaplains are embedded in most military units. And now, it is underscoring its enthusiastic backing for Russia's military intervention in Syria – a fight Father Chaplin dramatically describes as "a holy war against terrorism."
"Russia has been attacked [by terrorists] many times," says Chaplain. "This is not a religious war, not a Christian-Muslim conflict, but for us, the struggle against terrorism definitely has a spiritual dimension."
The 'Third Rome'
The Orthodox Church, which has deep historical connections with the dwindling Christian communities of the Middle East, was deeply alarmed by mass flight of Iraq's Christians following the US invasion of that country. When the conflict in Syria began almost five years ago, the church began lobbying the Kremlin to take a strong stand in defense of Syrian Christians, who are about 10 percent of the population. Experts say the church's insistence certainly played a role in President Vladimir Putin's decision to intervene directly in the conflict.
Christianity came to Russia via Byzantium, the eastern half of the old Roman Empire, which survived until the Muslim Turks overran it almost 600 years ago. The Russian Orthodox Church subsequently took up the mantle of eastern Christianity, and Moscow styled itself as the "Third Rome" with a special duty to protect the faithful of the Middle East, now living under Muslim rule. An 1853 proclamation by Czar Nicholas I'm claiming Russia's right to support Christians living in the Turkish Ottoman empire – which then included Syria and the Holy Land – actually precipitated the Crimean War, which pitted Russia against Turkey, Britain, and France.
"Russian czars and church for centuries maintained close relations with Middle Eastern Christians, and declared the right to support them. That's part of our historical consciousness," says Iosif Diskin, chair of the inter-religious affairs commission of the Russian Public Chamber, a semi-official civil society assembly. "But today it's not just the church, but much of Russian society that has become agitated about the fate of Christian minorities in Syria."
It's difficult to gauge how much the church's vocal support accounts for the public's backing of the war. But polls show that nearly two months into the Russian intervention, more than half still back the air war, though more than two-thirds say they would oppose sending in Russian ground troops.
"The level of trust in the church is very high," says Grigory Kertman, an expert with the state-linked Public Opinion Foundation. "It's not only religious people who say they trust the church, but even non-believers" tend to view it as a positive force in society.
'The origin and end of things'
When asked by pollsters, Russians overwhelmingly aver to be religious believers; in fact, over 80 percent say so. About 70 percent of Russians identify themselves as Orthodox Christians. The remainder come from one of the constitutionally-defined "founding" religions of Russia: Islam, Judaism, or Buddhism.
Few Russians bother to go to church on a regular basis. Chaplin says it's as many as 30 percent, other experts say the figure is more like 5 percent.
Whether they go to church or not, Chaplin argues, religious faith does shape people's consciousness, particularly with regard to the Middle East. "Many Christians, not just Russians, see the Middle East as the crossroads of world history, as the origin and end of things," he says. "There is a very deep interest in things that happen there."
The church maintains dialogue with Russia's other religious minorities about the war in Syria through the country's official inter-religious council and other avenues. Chaplin insists that they are all on the same page about the threat posed by Islamist extremism and the need to fight it.
The recent downing of a Russian airliner by a terrorist bomb over Sinai is a terrible tragedy, he adds, but it will not change the course. "It's not possible to fight the war against terror as if it were a computer game. It's a real war, and it will not go on without losses," he says. "This fight has become the reality of our times."
A church, speaking out
Chaplin denies the church is seeking to return to its czarist-era role as main arbiter of state ideology. But he does admit that the church openly lobbies for policies it wants: not just the war in Syria, but issues closer to home, such as abortion, religious teaching in schools, and the "wayward mores" of Russian women. The church demonstrated its political muscle recently by compelling the Kremlin to postpone a lavish state burial of members of the last czar's family over clerical doubts about the authenticity of the royal remains.
Under Putin the state has bent over backward to accommodate the church, handing over thousands of religious buildings and artifacts confiscated by the former Soviet Union, including many architectural gems, some of which had been state-run museums for decades.
Dozens of public organizations have sprung up to carry the church's views into public political debate, and their activities contribute to the growing conservative shift in Russian society on issues as diverse as LGBT rights and artistic standards.
"Some people say the church is only about matters concerning clergy, and should not speak out on secular issues," says Chaplin. "But we have overcome that Soviet legacy."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Critics say that whether the issue is war in Syria, or priests running hospitals, the growing political clout of the church is a big source of worry.
"In most of Russian history, the church was junior partner of the state, and served the state's interests. It's starting to look a lot like that again," says Nikolai Svanidze, a historian and leading TV personality.
NEW DELHI: In what could be the first sign of trouble at a large foreign-funded e-commerce firm in India, Rocket Internet-funded FabFurnish.com has fired at least 50 employees, or about a fourth of its workforce, and is vacating warehouses as part of a business restructuring.The online furniture seller is changing its model and laying off employees at various levels, said multiple sources ET spoke to. The company said it has "undertaken a resource optimization exercise" and is "hiring a talent pool ideal for our new business positioning".The changes come weeks after German Rocket Internet replaced the management at FabFurnish, with co-founders Vikram Chopra and Mehul Agrawal moving out of day-to-day responsibilities and senior directors Ashish Garg and Ankita Dabas taking over the reins."The chief technology officer has left and the whole marketing team has been laid off," said a person who is aware of the development. He said he has already interviewed several of the sacked employees for possible jobs at his firm. While this person put the number of employees who lost job at 50, another person said the company fired around 70 people. FabFurnish had around 200 people on its pay role."The situation was chaotic. While people who had been hired just two to three months ago were being asked to go and simultaneously more were being hired without any clear or defined roles," said yet another person who said she had resigned from FabFurnish within 10 days of joining."There was much confusion." Dabas said the workforce had grown rapidly over the past year and "we have had to rejig headcount to bring fresh talent and perspective." In an emailed response to queries from ET, she said: "Our technology and marketing team are very much intact. We are currently hiring for key positions in both the teams aggressively."India's e-commerce sector is synonymous with deep discounting as companies shelled millions of dollars to lure customers away from traditional retailers. They have also been quite aggressive on hiring, offering attractive salaries and other benefits to staff. However, with investors now questioning their business models and demanding them to chart their path to profit, the companies are becoming more cautious on their approaches.In coming months, FabFurnish will reduce its inventory and move towards a marketplace-heavy company, Dabas said. It plans to bring its inventory level down to 20-30% from about 50% at present.
Analysis suggests Conservatives would have won 296 seats with the new boundaries – short of a majority but enough to govern
Tories would have avoided coalition if boundary changes were in place in 2010
The Conservatives may have been able to avoid entering a coalition with the Liberal Democrats had the 2010 election been carried out using the new proposed boundaries for the United Kingdom, analysis by the Guardian suggests.
Publication of new electoral boundaries for Wales comes in the wake of similar proposals for the other parts of the union and allows, for the first time, modelling of the effects of the proposed changes across the country.
The proposals are aimed at equalising the size of different constituencies across the country, because the current uneven constituencies are seen by many Conservatives as favouring their Labour rivals.
The plans also reduce the total number of seats in the House of Commons from 650 to 600.
Boundary changes UK: click image for interactive map
Using the voting results of the 2010 general election with the proposed boundaries, the model predicts the Conservatives would have won 296 seats – five short of a majority in the smaller House of Commons that the new rules would create.
With the Conservatives' longstanding allies in Northern Ireland, the DUP, projected to have won seven seats, the Conservatives could have commanded a slim majority without having to enter into coalition with the Liberal Democrats.
Labour would have lost twice as many seats as the Conservatives. They would have been left with 237, while the Liberal Democrats would have lost the most relative to their size as a party with 43 MPs, rather than 57 under the current system.
The model projects the total votes from old constituency boundaries on to the newly proposed constituencies, and uses the assumption that voters for each party are spread evenly within each constituency. That is a relatively crude simplification but one which has generated results consistent with those of professional psephologists when tested against the new English boundaries.
Lewis Baston, senior research fellow at Democratic Audit, said the Guardian's projections showed the size of the challenge faced by the Liberal Democrats because of the reforms.
"Most sensible estimates show these effects, and as ballpark figures these are pretty good – though these boundaries are not the final word as we don't yet know how the boundary commissions will respond to consultation," he said.
"There are two reasons the Liberal Democrats are particularly at risk. The first is that Liberal Democrats have an average majority that is smaller than the other parties, so less able to cope with adverse voters coming in.
"The second is Liberal Democrat seats tend to be yellow islands in seas of red or blue, meaning changes to the boundaries tend to bring in opposition voters."
Baston added that the slump in Liberal Democrat support since the 2010 election could make the situation substantially worse.
"If Liberal Democrat support is 10% to 12%, that's catastrophic. At 18%, they could expect to hold on to half or more of their current seats."
The primary consultations on new boundaries for England, Scotland and Northern Ireland have now closed. Results will be published in spring this year, while Wales will consult on its new proposed boundaries for the next 12 weeks.
BOB DYLAN
Greek Theatre
University of California
Berkeley, California
11th October 2002
Download: FLAC/MP3
Good quality audience recording from silver CDs ‘ Berkeley 2002′ (Crystal Cat 659-60) > TLH flac 8
CD1
1. Intro
2. Seeing the Real You at Last
3. Just Like a Woman
4. Tombstone Blues
5. Accidentally Like a Martyr (Warren Zeavon)
6. Things Have Changed
7. Brown Sugar
8. Positively 4th Street
9. It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
10. It Ain't Me Babe
11. The Wicked Messenger
12. The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll
CD2
1. Old Man (Neil Young)
2. Honest with Me
3. A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
4. High Water (for Charlie Patton)
5. Mutineer (Warren Zeavon)
6. Floater (Too Much to Ask)
7. Summer Days
8. Knockin' on Heaven's Door
9. Like a Rolling Stone
10. All Along the Watchtower
Bonus Track – Berkeley 12th October
11. Maggie's Farm
There has been a surge in the number of fake-IDs confiscated in Manawatu this month but one hospitality manager says it is an age-old problem in the region.
In the past month, bar staff at Manawatu establisments have seized more than 35 IDs or passports, which had been made, altered, or bought.
Bar staff said they were finding more teenagers using IDs they had borrowed off an older friend or sibling, which could create problems for both the borrower and lender.
Ricky Quirk, manager of The Daily, Shooters and Trader McKendry's, said he was unsurprised by the number of people who tried it.
"It's an ongoing problem. [But] we go through phases when we don't get any."
At the start of the year, with the influx of university students, there could also be an increase, he said.
The majority of IDs being confiscated were from The Daily and Shooters, which catered to a younger demographic.
Police said it was an offence to use an ID that belongs to someone else, or supply another with a fake ID or someone else's ID.
The maximum fine for these offences was $2000, however, the majority of offences were dealt with by the way of an infringement notice, with a $250 penalty.
After their IDs are confiscated, they "disappear pretty quickly", Quirk said.
Some bars could also deter teens from using fake IDs by banning them from their premises for a period even after they turn 18.
Quirk said some of his bars had been trialling a new system that took pictures, verified IDs and collated patron's details before they entered the bar.
Bar staff and police wanted to get the message out to young people to "wait until you are actually 18".
Preloading was also identified as a concern for bars throughout the city.
Police, Safe City hosts and licensed premises were working together through the CBD charter to focus on reducing alcohol-related harm, especially in young people.
Posted 1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
Contact:
Aaron T. Huss
President
Mystical Throne Entertainment
aaron@mysticalthrone-ent.com
http://mysticalthrone-ent.com
Twilight Continuum Savage Worlds Adventure Set Kickstarter is Now Available
SHAKOPEE, MN MARCH 1, 2013 – Mystical Throne Entertainment is pleased to announce the launch of the rebooted Twilight Continuum Savage Worlds adventure set Kickstarter campaign.
Twilight Continuum is the first Perilous Journey adventure set for Savage Worlds, featuring a high action and adventure storyline set in Earth's near-future. Twilight Continuum follows the characters from their first days at Novice rank as fighter pilots for the Western Nations Alliance through Legendary rank as they take on the Akuma, preventing them from destroying the galaxy. This adventure set features six 72-page books with all the campaign material needed for the Game Master and all the characters' options necessary for the players. It is a standalone adventure set that only requires the use of the Savage Worlds core rulebook and can be tweaked to fit within your favorite sci-fi setting.
Twilight Continuum is the creation of Curtis Lyon of Three Sages Games and is being developed through Mystical Throne Entertainment and their new Perilous Journey publication format. The project is being managed by Mystical Throne Entertainment president Aaron T. Huss and development is being led by Three Sages Games co-owner Curtis Lyon. The Twilight Continuum project is being funded in whole through Kickstarter and slated for delivery from July 2013 through January 2014 with a new book becoming available each month and a final, printed compilation being available after the last adventure book is published.
Backers of the Kickstarter campaign will receive exclusive rewards along with gaining access to the Kickstarter exclusive hardcover printed compilation. The campaign runs to April 5. The Kickstarter campaign can be found at:
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1031900271/twilight-continuum-sci-fi-adventure-series-for-sav
ABOUT MYSTICAL THRONE ENTERTAINMENT
Mystical Throne Entertainment is the publishing and creative outlet for Aaron T. Huss, is supported by a network of freelance writers and editors, and is a Savage Worlds licensee publishing unique settings and the Savage Insider magazine.
ABOUT CURTIS LYON
Curtis Lyon is a regular freelance writer for Mystical Throne Entertainment, Savage Mojo, and Gun Metal Games along with being one of the new owners of Three Sages Games.
# # #
It's no surprise that I love the man that I've been married to for the last fourteen years. He is the kind of man that places my vitamins on the counter for me every day so that I don't forget to take them in my frenzied mornings, and makes time (despite a busy schedule) to play, be silly, and laugh with me and our two small children. He shares in the daily responsibility of raising his kids, their activities, and the mundane stuff that every household is made of. He sounds very much like so many other American husbands, but there is a key distinction.
When the average American meets my husband, with his beard and turban, they immediately view him as foreign. He is self-aware enough to make them comfortable with his self-deprecating humor and unaccented English. He'll readily answer questions when asked about his appearance or our faith. His passport is American, his favorite foods are pizza and hamburgers, and his favorite music is hip hop. He loves all football and basketball. He knows no other country but America. Yet, I watch him struggle to prove to people what is so obvious to me: he is American too.
A recent study by Stanford University and the Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund found that 70 percent of Americans can't identify a man wearing a turban and a beard as a Sikh. While many groups across the United States work to build understanding in a diverse, post 9-11 America, Sikh men—fathers, brothers, and husbands—do continue to face hate crimes. Just this past fall, Columbia University professor Prabhjot Singh was attacked last fall after a walk with a friend in his neighborhood, Harlem, after dropping off his wife and baby after a dinner out in the city.
That's why I couldn't be happier to see recent media advertising depicting Sikh men as desirable, sexy, and most importantly American. America is first and foremost a land of immigrants, and throughout our history, we have seen resistance to new ethnic groups as they make a home here. Every ad that highlights an American ethnic community makes that community part of the mainstream and less subject to the invincible burden of proving their patriotic pride. While we're celebrating love on Valentine 's Day, let's love Coca-Cola's multilingual Super Bowl commercial that celebrates America's diversity by highlighting people of every color singing “America the Beautiful”—including Muslim women wearing hijabs. Let's love the picture of the Sikh couple kissing for the social media campaign behind Axe Peace's “Hold On” Super Bowl spot, and Waris Ahluwalia in GAP's “Make Love” ad.
While all of this advertising also made news for some hate-filled backlash, ads like these not only celebrate the individuality of various ethnic communities within America but serve as a constant reminder that Americans look different from one another, and are stronger when celebrating their diversity.
My heart gives a big thank you to those companies that have chosen to teach love of a multicultural America. Your choice to teach love keeps my Valentine safer from hate.
Photo illustration by Juliana Jiménez. Photo by Shutterstock
When Jeb Bush claimed earlier this month that the United States could grow the economy by getting people to work more hours, Democrats could barely conceal their glee. It didn't matter that he later claimed he was referring to people who held part-time jobs but wanted full-time ones. Hillary Clinton condemned the remarks immediately—and then came back for seconds, mentioning it again in an economic policy speech last week in New York. “He must not have met very many American workers,” she sniffed. Didn't he know Americans already work plenty hard—harder, in fact—than people in any comparable nation? This issue had to be a winner for the left.
If only. Unfortunately, the evidence shows that quite of few of us might well agree with Jeb Bush. Even as the hours we work, and for what pay, and under what conditions, are shaping up to form one of the defining issues of the last year and a half of Obama's presidency and the 2016 presidential election, it seems we're not convinced that there's actually a problem with our work, beyond that we don't do enough of it.
The United States is famously a nation of people who think they should be on the job—and be on the job and be on the job. We work more hours than the Japanese. We work more than the Germans. We're the only first-world nation that does not mandate vacation time or sick days. And let's not even discuss our maternity leave policies.
Yet we don't seem to be aware of how second-tier our standards are compared to other nations. According to a poll released by Rasmussen last week, an astonishing 48 percent of us think Americans either work as hard as those in other countries or, even worse, put less hours in on the job.
Sure, we know that we, ourselves, are working exorbitant hours. A recent Gallup survey found the average American working a full-time job claimed to be putting in not 40 but 47 hours a week. Almost 1 in 5 said he or she spent more than 60 hours a week on the job.
But we're not the issue. For all too many of us, the issue is everyone else. If you don't
take part in this orgy of work and more work? Something must be wrong with you— and that's you, specifically. A survey conducted last year by the Pew Charitable Trusts found that just under a quarter of Americans are convinced the main cause of income inequality is that “some work harder than others.” In fact, the survey also found that 73 percent of Americans say working hard is vital to “getting ahead in life,” a sentiment that less than half the Germans or Japanese share.
It's easy to see how Americans arrive at this belief. On Wall Street, 100-hour workweeks are so considered par for the course that Goldman Sachs recently instituted a rule that interns must leave the office between midnight and 7 a.m. This decision came shortly after a young analyst for the bank committed suicide while under intense work pressure, and a few years after a 21-year-old intern at a rival bank died after pulling a succession of all-nighters. The situation is little better in Silicon Valley, where Mark Zuckerberg claimed in a chat on Facebook earlier this year that he works “no more than 50-60 hours a week,” and Sheryl Sandberg admits that while she leaves work at 5:30 p.m., that doesn't prevent her from logging on to catch up after dinner with her children. All of this is presented as reasonable, not excessive.
No one asks if the work hours in these industries are responsible for their outsize profits, or if something else is responsible. Instead, we demonize the people who can't or won't keep up. It's not for nothing that the welfare reform initiative President Bill Clinton signed in 1996—the one that all but forced many mothers on welfare to take low-wage jobs that would barely cover their childcare expenses—was called the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act. As for now? When Pew surveyed Americans late last year, it discovered the most financially secure were the likeliest to agree that “poor people today have it easy because they can get government benefits without doing anything in return.”
This impacts our attitude toward disability payments, too. Last year, the Washington Post ran an article containing a number of all-but-unchallenged assertions that many veterans claiming to have post-traumatic stress disorder were doing quite well indeed and simply looking for an easy paycheck. “It's an open secret that a large chunk of patients is flat-out malingering,” went one illustrative quote from the piece, offered by a psychologist with more than a decade of experience treating PTSD.
The language that people seeking to live on government checks alone are lazy good-for-nothings has impacted our post-work lives, as well. Once upon a time, way back before the Great Recession, books promoting retirement were a popular item. There was The Joy of Not Working: A Book for the Retired, Unemployed and Overworked and Things to Do Now That You're Retired and 101 Secrets for a Great Retirement.
But then the stock market crashed in 2008, just as the first of the 401(k) generation was ready to retire. Today, we say the financially challenged—or just bored—elderly can somehow triumph over everything from age discrimination to ill health and enjoy rewarding new careers, a genre I like to call retirement porn. In this world, everything from buying a franchise restaurant (something that almost always costs hundreds of thousands of dollars, by the way) to blogging is presented as easy-to-obtain, remunerative work, based little more on the say-so of various pundits promoting the practice.
Nancy Collamer, the author of a popular 2013 book, Second Act Careers: 50+ Ways to Profit From Your Passions During Semi-Retirement, says it's easy enough for the elderly to earn money. How? “While it is true that the outlook for the traditional job market continues to appear bleak, I am convinced that the future for Boomers who want to pursue flexible and entrepreneurial work options looks very promising indeed.”
This isn't advice. This is positive thinking.
In fact, the belief that others aren't working enough is endemic to difficult economic periods. While we today know the youthful hobos of the Great Depression who rode the rails were unemployed and often desperate, it didn't seem that way to many at the time, as headlines like “New Generation of Lazy Youths Roaming Nation” from the Spokane, Washington's Daily Chronicle in 1934 prove. More recently, Generation X acquired its reputation as slackers during the recession of the early 1990s, when all too many of them didn't have much else to do besides hang around coffee shops.
So why don't we ever get it? Here's a thought: In an era in which decent, high-paying jobs are hard to find, and in which the workforce-participation rate is at lows not seen since the late 1970s, gainful employment turns into something of a status item. That allows us to rationalize the increasing hours we put in on the job—often done because we fear the consequences of saying no—as choice. Then we turn around and demean others who don't work.
This isn't Democratic or Republican. It's American.
Advertisement 1 / 7
First, there was hygge—the Danish concept of coziness. 2016 was dubbed by some to be the year of hygge, but in 2017, the releases just keep on coming. In lieu of this onslaught, Americans and Europeans are starting to turn their attention to other Scandi trends. Sweden's concept of lagom, which roughly translates to “not too much, not too little,” is enticing for the frugality-minded and semi-indulgent alike. But now, we think we've found the most intriguing Scandinavian trend of all.
Kalsarikännit is the Finnish concept of drinking at home alone in your underwear. Yes, you read that correctly. In other words, it's the perfect catch-all euphemism to reclaim those weekend nights when you didn't have plans anyways. The word was included in a description of country-themed emoji by Finland's Ministry for Foreign Affairs. (Once again, yes, you read that correctly.) But despite this novel, and fitting, concept for our current moment in time, Vogue, it seems, was always on it. We took a casual look back through our archives, and found more than a few examples of kalsarikännit. Above, seven such examples. Inspiration, perhaps, for your upcoming weekend. After all, if Daria Werbowy can look fabulous lounging about as a homebody, why can't you?
Pittsburgh has been home to the best hockey player in the world non-stop since 1984. We know what that guy looks like, and he looks like Connor McDavid.
But not right now.
At 29, Sidney Crosby is a bit young to be telling those noisy kids to get off his lawn. But that�s the position Crosby is in -- he�s the old guy already.
The most recent draft�s No. 1 pick, Toronto�s Auston Matthews, announced his presence with four goals in his first NHL game. Edmonton�s McDavid led the league in scoring going into Sunday�s action. Matthews and McDavid are both 19.
Hockey�s most motivated player still has more motivation.
Not that Crosby needed it. Crosby�s obsession with conditioning and preparation is only exceeded by his compulsion for routine/superstition. (That�s a whole other disturbing story.) When Crosby fades, it won�t be because his dedication has waned. It will be because his skills age out.
That�s not happening yet.
Crosby missed the season�s first six games after being concussed. Since his return, he has four goals and one assist in three games.
Memo to McDavid: Don�t look back. Someone might be gaining on you.
Crosby�s whirlwind return isn�t surprising. He won a Stanley Cup and then a World Cup of Hockey, winning MVP in both competitions. Crosby is now inarguably among hockey�s top five players of all time, though some stupidly argue.
The same applies when debating who is currently hockey�s best.
The Maple Leafs are the English team in Canada and haven�t won a Cup since 1967, when the NHL had six teams. Matthews� perceived role to lead the Leafs out of the wilderness gets him extra PR cachet. But no one has yet suggested that Matthews is in a class with McDavid, let alone Crosby.
Matthews is really good, though. He could stickhandle through a crowded elevator.
Comparisons are already being drawn between Crosby and McDavid, and rightly so. McDavid will ultimately be hockey�s No. 1. It�s a matter of when.
Crosby and McDavid are very similar. Besides each player�s smorgasbord of speed and talent, they both play a painstakingly selfless team game. Their only goal is to win. Alexander Ovechkin can�t necessarily claim that.
McDavid is 2 inches taller, but his core strength doesn�t compare to Crosby�s. Crosby is a superior shooter, and no one plays better on his backhand.
Crosby is tops now. McDavid is 10 years younger. Will McDavid�s prime best Crosby�s? Not impossible, but hard to imagine.
The media will proclaim McDavid as being better than Crosby well before he reaches that plateau, because that�s what the media does.
But to position himself among Mario Lemieux, Wayne Gretzky and Bobby Orr as Crosby has, McDavid must establish something unique about his game. Crosby doesn�t like this description, but he�s the best grinder ever. He�s got third-line grit plus generational, otherworldly skill. That�s Crosby�s niche.
Since returning to the lineup, Crosby has done a good job protecting his turf.
It gets personal Nov. 8, one week from tomorrow, when Edmonton visits PPG Paints Arena. That�s the first head-to-head meeting between Crosby and McDavid. The hype will be unbearable. What happens means relatively little. It�s just one game.
But Crosby and McDavid each has a sense of the occasion to match his talent. If you don�t have a ticket, get one.
Mark Madden hosts a radio show 3-6 p.m. weekdays on WXDX-FM (105.9).
EL SEGUNDO, CA — During the Los Angeles Kings 2011 Development Camp for their young prospects, goaltender Chris Gibson, who was the Kings' second round pick (49th overall) just weeks before, looked a bit overwhelmed in goal as he was picked apart during one of the scrimmages.
“It was a little bit overwhelming for the young guy early on, going up against some real high level shooters,” said goaltending coach Bill Ranford last July. “I thought he handled himself very well.”
“I kind of broke it down for him when he's going up against the forwards,” added Ranford. “You've got [Tyler] Toffoli, who was the top scorer in the Ontario League. You've got [Jordan] Weal, who was in the top five in the Western Hockey League the last two years. [Linden] Vey was the top scorer in the Western Hockey League this year. Then you've got a guy like [Brandon] Kozun, who was a top scorer two years ago, and finished second the previous year [in the WHL], and [just finished his rookie season] in the American Hockey League. It's not chump change that he's been going up against, so it's been a real good challenge for him. It does help him get quicker and faster.”
“He's had to make some slight adjustments,” Ranford elaborated. “He's very raw, and that's what we're excited about. He's got great upside with his athletic ability, but there's a lot of rawness to his game that gives us the opportunity over the next couple of years to work with him.”
After the 2011 Development Camp, Gibson was back for the Kings' rookie camp and training camp, but returned to the Chicoutimi Sangueneens of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, where he put up goals-against average (GAA) and save percentage numbers that were not as good as his 2010-11 stats (14-15-8 won-loss record, 2.42 GAA, .920 save percentage).
“I had a pretty tough start,” said the 6-1, 188-pound native of Karkkila, Finland. “When I came back from the [Kings training] camp, it was hard to get back to the junior level, in the way that we play. But when I went to the [2012] World Junior [Championship], my game got way better, even though I didn't have a good game against Canada. I bounced back in the next game, and I took that experience in a good way. I grew as a person, and as a goalie.”
“[His problem] was coming back from the [Kings training] camp, going back to junior, getting used to the speed again,” added Gibson. “I also put a lot of pressure on myself. I was expecting to put up even better numbers than the year before. When I calmed down, my season went better.”
Despite the fact that his 2010-11 GAA and save percentage numbers were better than his 2011-12 stats (27-17-4, 2.96 GAA, .893 save percentage), Gibson was not concerned
“We had a better team [this past season],” Gibson noted. “We all knew we had a chance to go far this [past season], and we went pretty far. Unfortunately, we lost in the semi-finals to St. John's.”
“The year before, I had a great start,” Gibson added. “[My play during] the first half of [this past] season really hurt me. But I don't mind if my save percentage is lower if I go further in the season, so I was happy about that.”
“I didn't look back and say, ‘why did I have better stats last year,' since [we were eliminated] in the first round of the playoffs.”
Despite taking his team into the QMJHL playoffs this season, Gibson does not appear to be ready to move up to the AHL level yet, and is likely bound once again for Chicoutimi next season, and he talked about what he needs to improve upon.
“It's more on the ice, battling for every single puck,” the 19-year-old stressed. “I've been brought up more as a structural goalie, more like a ‘blocker.' But now, I have to be a better athlete on the ice—more pad stacks and stuff like that.”
“There are some things on the positional side of the game, cleaning up some of his lateral play, sometimes just getting him to read situations a little bit better, and start to understand when the right situation is to use a certain response,” said Kim Dillabaugh [who handles goaltender development for the Kings]. “That's something that you see that you need to really work on with guys so they can start to read and understand the game a little bit better, and just make more efficient decisions.”
Gibson was back at the Kings Development Camp, July 6-10, 2012, and once again, he got lit up by several of the Kings forward prospects, including Toffoli and Weal.
But this time, getting used to recent changes in his style may have been a contributing factor.
“I changed my glove position from lower to higher, because in the pros, you can't give those players any space [to shoot at],” said Gibson. “Lateral movement is also a big issue. That's something even the pros work on, so I have to work on that, too.”
“When I came here as a Black Ace [players recalled to the big club's roster, but do not play in playoff games], I worked on that a lot with Kim,” added Gibson. “It took a week, but now it's feeling better. I feel more comfortable with it.”
Dillabaugh explained the changes are designed to bring out more of Gibson's athletic ability.
“We've seen lots of improvements [in Gibson's game since last summer],” said Dillabaugh. “We had a chance to spend some time with him here, through the playoff run. It was great to get him in here and spend some quality one-on-one time, be a little bit more methodical with his game, be able to really break some things down, and [make] some adjustments that we feel he needs to make in order to get him ready to translate to the pro level.”
“A lot of it with him is allowing him to balance his game out a little bit more,” added Dillabaugh. “He comes from more of a structured background. He does have good athletic capability, but I think that has been buried a little bit, under some of his structure. Again, there are a lot of little things that we worked on with him, and it's just now getting some repetitions so those become more habitual in his game.”
Related Stories
Frozen Royalty by Gann Matsuda is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. You may copy, distribute and/or transmit any story or audio content published on this site under the terms of this license, but only if proper attribution is indicated. The full name of the author and a link back to the original article on this site are required. Photographs, graphic images, and other content not specified are subject to additional restrictions. Additional information is available at: Frozen Royalty – Licensing and Copyright Information.
Frozen Royalty's Comment Policies
(Photo by Greg Fiume/Getty Images)
MASN's F.P. Santangelo sat down with Matt Williams before the Nats' series finale in Houston on Wednesday and asked the first-year manager to reflect on his wild first month at the helm.
“So you want to be a big league manager?” Santangelo began. “First month … injuries, replay, eight one-run ballgames. It's been kind of crazy.”
“I love it,” Williams said. “It's right in the fire, isn't it? It's kind of where you want to be. And yeah, we've had some ups and downs, and some injuries and some things not go our way, but we've also played pretty well, too. I think our starting pitching is shaping right where we need it to be. Adam LaRoche has been phenomenal, Jayson Werth, Anthony Rendon. A little hiccup in the defense early, but I think that's kind of worked itself out. So it's gonna be ebbs and flows throughout the season; it all just kind of happened to us in the first month. But we look at where we're at and we're pleased with that.”
Indeed, the Nationals are in better shape than they were last year at this time.
2013 THROUGH APRIL 2014 13-14 Record 16-12 4.5 Games Behind 2.0 96 Runs Scored 126 115 Runs Against 108 24 Errors 26
“I'm enjoying it and so are they,” Williams said. “We haven't really gone on that run yet, but hopefully that's coming really quick for us and we can roll off a few in a row.”
If the Nats put together a double-digit winning streak, Williams even promised to break out his Babe Ruth impression.
“If we do 10 in a row, I will break it out,” he said. “It's been a long time, but yeah, I would. Ten in a row, you got it.”
Two and counting …
While playing for the San Fransisco Giants, the new Washington Nationals' manager Matt Williams would do impersonations of Babe Ruth, including waddling around the bases and stuffing a pillow underneath his jersey. (MLB Advanced Media, L.P.)
You can watch Williams's entire interview here.
Welcome to.......
Gooney Creek Campground
7122 Stonewall Jackson Highway
Front Royal, Virginia 22630
1-540-635-4066
Family Camping
on the banks of Gooney Creek in the beautiful Shenandoah Valley!
Campground since 1967
5 miles South of Front Royal.....
4 miles past the Skyline Drive entrance.....
3 miles past Skyline Caverns .....
Across the street from The Shenandoah River...
Directions:
From DC metro area ....
66 west to exit 13 Linden
Turn left off Ramp
Turn right at Light
thru Front Royal and turn left as it dead ends
look for signs of camping 2
turning left at bottom of the hill
before the Gooney Creek bridge...
Nearby rentals of
Canoes and Tubes....
Front Royal Canoe Company
Downriver Canoe Company
Hiking - Fishing - Swimming
Camp with your tent and your family on the banks of the Creek
Rates per Night ( plus tax )
$20.00 - Basic site = 2 campers - 1 vehicle - 1 tent
$25.00 - Water and Electric site
$28.00 - Full Hook up = water, electric and sewer hook-up
$5.00 - Additional Vehicle to site
$5.00 - Additional Adults
$2.00 - Children under the age of 12
$3.00 - Youth (12-18 years of age)
$3.00 - Day visitors to your site
$5.00 - Day/Picnic - per person
Group Rates available for our group site.
If you have a wedding or large reunion, you may rent the entire campground if adequate notice is given.
Reservations for large groups suggested
Remember, if you make a reservation ....
It stands Rain or Shine
There is a 4 day cancellation policy.
(So keep up with the weather channel)
Visa/MasterCard or prepaid by check/Money order when making a reservation.
A Gorgeous
Swimming hole
to fish and lie in the sun on the rocks.
Bring your camera and your cooler!
Remember ........
It is not advisable for children to swim without adult supervision.
We want everyone to stay safe.
Water and Electric site area Site 18 ....Last site on the road Site 16's view - Water & electric
Hiking along the banks or in the creek is a good time.
Taking a nap can make anybody a Happy Camper!
Please observe the 5 miles per hour speed limit.
Yes , we have Hot Showers - Clean Restrooms....... and even....... Flush toilets!
(There are two outhouses if you don't feel like strolling to the wash house.)
Pets are Welcomed .......
Leashed - Scooping and Sound Control....Please!
Quiet Time is from 11pm thru 8 am
The Golden Rule applies!
We want everybody to have a comfortable camping experience!
Thank you,
Happy Camping!
Open April 1st thru October 31st
The US Supreme Court [official website] on Monday granted certiorari [order list, PDF] in Carpenter v. United States [docket; cert. petition, PDF] to determine, “[w]hether the warrantless seizure and search of historical cell phone records revealing the location and movements of a cell phone user over the course of 127 days is permitted by the Fourth Amendment.” The Stored Communications Act (SCA) [text] allows the government to obtain records without a showing of probable cause whenever it “offers specific and articulable facts showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe” that the records sought “are relevant and material to an ongoing criminal investigation.” The US Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit held [opinion, PDF] that there is no expectation of privacy in these types of records.
New technology has created a number of Fourth Amendment issues that have come before the court. The court declined to rule in a similar case [JURIST report] in 2015. In 2014 the Supreme Court ruled that police officers must obtain a warrant [JURIST report] before searching a person's cell phone data, even at the time of arrest. In 2012 the Supreme Court ruled that the government's attachment of a global positioning system (GPS) device to a vehicle, and its use of that device to monitor the vehicle's movements, constitutes a search [JURIST report] under the Fourth Amendment.
“Zootopia” remains king of the box office jungle this weekend, having crossed $100 million in domestic receipts after taking in $12 million on Friday, according to studio estimates.
The animated animal romp with a message should generate a healthy three-day total around $50 million from 3,827 locations in its second frame. Ginnifer Goodwin and Jason Bateman star.
In second place is Paramount thriller “10 Cloverfield Lane,” which took in $9 million on its opening day and ought to wrap up its first weekend with up to $23 million. Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Goodman star in the follow-up to 2008's “Cloverfield,” which grossed $170 million worldwide. The film is benefiting from strong word of mouth; one Variety pundit suggests Goodman deserves Oscar attention for his turn.
Fox's “Deadpool” and Focus/Gramercy's “London Has Fallen” appear to be neck and neck for third place, with each expected to bring in about $10 million for the weekend after nabbing $3 million each on Friday. This is “Deadpool's” fifth weekend of competition, unspooling in 3,331 locations. Actioner “London Has Fallen” bowed last weekend and now plays in 3,492 sites.
Three films should tally about $4 million each this weekend after taking in about $1 million each on Friday. Paramount's Tina Fey war comedy “Whiskey Tango Foxtrot” picked up $1.4 million from 2,413 locations, precipitating a three-day total of $4.5 million. Focus' religious outing “The Young Messiah” also pulled in $1.4 million on Friday from 1,761 sites, portending a three-day total around $4 million. Lionsgate's romance “The Perfect Match,” unfolding in 925 locations, should do about $4.2 million for the weekend after netting $1.5 million in its Friday debut.
Sony's Sacha Baron Cohen comedy “The Brothers Grimsby” bowed in 2,235 locations Friday, scooping up $1.2 million and on track for a $3 million weekend.
Have you ever lost your wallet? How about your phone? If you are a human being who owns things, chances are you are nodding your head in retroactive frustration. Unfortunately, the items we carry with us everywhere are bound to get misplaced at some point. The good news: We may soon have a solution, courtesy of the Internet of Things You Tend To Lose.
SmartWallet is a Bluetooth LE-enabled leather wallet that doubles as a backup phone charger. By wirelessly connecting our smartphones with our (heretofore dumb) wallets, the not-so-cleverly named product from Boston-based StreetSmart aims to dramatically reduce the odds of us losing either of them again.
“We saw that the most common approach to wearable technology development is to make devices that are bought for their innovative purpose,” says StreetSmart cofounder Samuel Pofcher.
Innovative or not, wearable tech still faces a huge hurdle among mainstream consumers, who are still warming up to the idea of wearing gadgets on their bodies. An easy compromise, Pofcher and his cofounder Stephen Lamarre figured, would be to seamlessly weave technology into existing everyday items.
“We thought it would be an easy accessory to integrate within society because it's something everyone already carries,” says Pofcher.
Here's how it works: Once your phone is paired with the SmartWallet, the two are always on the lookout for each other. If you leave your wallet at a restaurant, your phone will ding with a notification politely cluing you in to your own absentmindedness. If you get all the way home before realizing what a doofus you are, the SmartWallet app will map your wallet's last known GPS coordinates for you so you can go find it, presumably nobody else has.
If you've misplaced your wallet in a messy room rather than leaving it across town, the SmartWallet app can trigger a ringing sound that plays from the wallet's tiny, built-in speaker.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- U.S. Vice President-elect Joe Biden assured Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Friday that the incoming Obama administration will continue to support Pakistan's efforts to strengthen democracy and combat terrorism, according to Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Vice President-elect Joe Biden meets Pakistani officials in Islamabad, Pakistan, on Friday.
Biden told Zardari that the new U.S. administration would also help Pakistan "meet its socio-economic requirements and capacity building," the ministry said in a written statement.
The vice president-elect "assured the Pakistani leadership" of the United States' "continued assistance to Pakistan," the statement said.
No additional details were provided.
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, accompanied Biden on the trip.
Biden "described Pakistan as an incredibly valued U.S. ally and said that the U.S. recognized Pakistan's important contribution and sacrifices in the fight against terrorism," the ministry said.
Zardari, who took office in September, said "Pakistan needed the support and understanding of the international community in this effort," according to the statement.
Pakistan's government is waging a bloody battle against Taliban and al Qaeda militants in its tribal regions along the border with Afghanistan. The United States has provided Pakistan with billions of dollars in aid for those counterterrorism activities.
Last year, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a bill authorizing $7.5 billion in non-military aid over the next five years.
The measure is sponsored by committee chairman Biden and the ranking Republican on the panel, Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana. It would provide money for developments such as schools, roads and medical clinics, and it conditions security aid on State Department certification that Pakistan is making efforts against the Taliban and al Qaeda.
The bill has not come before the full Senate.
Biden also said he was hopeful that India and Pakistan could resolve their conflicts, according the ministry.
"The U.S. vice president-elect expressed the hope that both Pakistan and India will be able to overcome the current tensions and would resolve their differences peacefully," the ministry's statement said.
November's attacks in Mumbai, India, fueled tensions between Pakistan and India, longtime rivals that have fought three wars since independence and conducted tit-for-tat nuclear weapons tests in 1998.
India has said Islamic militants trained in Pakistan were behind the three-day siege of India's financial capital. Pakistani officials have promised to cooperate with the investigation but have insisted that India show it the evidence supporting its case.
On Wednesday, Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the sole surviving suspect in the Mumbai attacks, which killed more than 160 people, is a Pakistani national, state-run media reported.
All About Joseph Biden • Pakistan
From National Journal:
Why Old White People Dominate Small Businesses
The concentration of wealth among older households stifles entrepreneurship among the young and minorities.
BY MATT VASILOGAMBROS
Follow-on Twitter
May 28, 2015 Ah, the small business owner. Oft-celebrated in the economy for his resilience and success—a representation of the American workforce. That is, if you're talking about entrepreneurs that are white, married, have a college degree, and are over the age of 50.
This is the only group of entrepreneurs (individuals who identify as “self-employed”) that have enjoyed any sort of sustainable growth in the last two decades. According to a Center for American Progress study, entrepreneurship has been concentrated since 1998 among households with residents over 50. Even in that group, it's only the small subset of college-educated, married Caucasians that are flourishing in the ranks of the self-employed. Among older entrepreneurs, 80 percent are married and 90 percent are white. This specific demographic makeup changed very little in that time frame.
So while the share of all older households in the world of entrepreneurship grew, the representation of other groups—including minorities—did not. Entrepreneurship among younger households, the study further finds, has fallen between 1989 and 2013.
Last week, I was scouting downtown Brooklyn for apartments when I happened to turn onto Duffield Street and come across a great little surprise I'd forgotten about…
In fact, the best part is that it's almost invisible when you first start down Duffield.
Then, as you near the halfway point, something quite surreal suddenly comes into view…
Wedged between the surrounding modern buildings, a row of four wonderfully quaint, perfectly preserved 19th century homes in the last place you'd expect to find them.
They're so out of sync with their surroundings, they almost feel like the backlot set for a period New York movie…
…especially when you step back and consider the skyscrapers that literally come up to their backyards:
I've always wondered about the houses, and knocked on a few doors. According to signs, they're all the property of nearby Metro Tech. Strangely though, they all seemed to be empty, and I was suddenly reminded of the eerily deserted ghost towns I've visited in my roadtrips across the US.
As it turns out, all four houses were originally located on Johnson Street near Lawrence (about five blocks away), once a vibrant middle class residential neighborhood filled with like homes that came into being around Brooklyn's incorporation in the 1830s.
Today, that same street is looking quite different:
Three of the homes were built by Reverend Samuel Johnson, who had inherited land from his grandfather's farm. The first, #188 Duffield Street, was constructed circa 1835-1838, and later remodeled and enlarged in the 1880s with a combination of Queen Anne and Second Empire designwork.
I love the porch…
…with its nicely stylized overhang:
Next door is #186, built during the same period by Johnson…
…and one of the only homes in New York City with a free-standing Greek Revival portico:
Also of note are the dormer windows:
The third in line, #184, was built in 1847 by merchant Francis Chichester as an investment:
Interesting how the second floor windows appear to stretch from floor to ceiling:
Finally, the last is #182, built by Johnson and the only property not part of the original group.
Throughout the 1800s and early 1900s, these homes would have been occupied primarily by those of the middle class, bridging the literal gap between upper class Brooklyn Heights and the working class Navy Yard area. I love how each has a small garden in front, a stipulation made by Johnson:
Here's a peek into the backyards, which can be seen via the church alley next door:
So how did the houses wind up on Duffield Street? The homes were moved in 1990 to save them from the wrecking ball during the Metro Tech redevelopment. Costing about $2,000,000 in total, each building was lifted 17-feet up onto flatbed trucks and transported to their current location in an effort to preserve a small slice of what was once middle class living in Brooklyn.
Today, the buildings are owned by Metro Tech and have been in use as office space for a number of years. I'm not sure why they currently appear to be vacant – perhaps renovations?
Considering the dramatic makeover that's been going on in downtown Brooklyn over the past few years, it's frankly amazing anyone had the foresight to save them at all.
I've been scouting around the neighborhood over the past week, and everywhere you turn, older buildings are being boarded up…
…and slated for demolition…
…to make way for bland modern glass highrises.
I'd complain, but then, all of these buildings are nearly fully occupied by folks who can afford the expensive rents, and I've been told time and again that's all that really matters.
Oh well. At the very least, I guess it serves to make little slices like Duffield Street all the more precious.
-SCOUT
If you enjoyed reading this post, would you consider making a donation to help me make my first movie? The goal is $50,000, and to date, 1,728 Scouting NY readers have donated $36,348! Just $5 or $10 can make a difference - AND you get this snazzy Scouting NY sticker/magnet as a Thank-You gift! Click here to donate today!
And hey, if you've made it this far, why not follow us via RSS, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, or Tumblr?
The Redlands teacher who gave birth to a child fathered by one of her students is now being sued by the student.
The victim, who was 16 at the time of the crime, is not only suing Laura Whitehurst, but he is also suing the Redlands Unified School District and another teacher who allegedly knew about the abuse and failed to report it.
Whitehurst was originally charged with 41 felony counts, but she took a plea deal, pleading guilty to four felony counts of unlawful sex and two counts of oral copulation of a person under the age of 18. She was sentenced to one year in jail and was released after six months. Her child is now seven months old.
The lawsuit alleges people at the district knew what was going on and never reported it. It also accuses the district of nepotism, stating that Whitehurst's parents got involved and may have helped keep the district from reporting the matter to authorities.
"Children in California and children in Redlands should not be a sex toy for their teacher," said John Manly, an attorney for the victim. "Unfortunately, we believe -- and we believe the evidence will show -- that is precisely what's occurred in the Redlands Unified School District."
The district said in a statement that the allegations in the lawsuit as they relate to the district and current employees "are simply untrue."
"It is shocking that the plaintiff's attorneys have gone beyond suing the district itself and included a teacher who had no role in the events whatsoever," the statement read.
The attorneys for the victim said they want Whitehurst to undergo extensive psychological treatment.
According to the attorneys, the victim is currently living in Santa Barbara and attending college.
Witness tells inquiry that he could not see the other side of the street because smoke was so thick
Residents living near a Victorian coalmine that burned for 45 days were made "sick to their stomachs" by the smoky air, an inquiry has heard.
The investigation into the Hazelwood mine fire also heard the blaze was a world-first occurrence and the agency responsible for monitoring air quality had no precedent for dealing with the emergency.
A single father, Simon Ellis, said the community was frustrated by the lack of information about air quality and that his health and that of his seven-year-old daughter were affected by the smoke hanging over the town of Morwell.
He said sometimes the smoke was so thick he couldn't see across the road.
"There were days where you'd walk out and it was like you were breathing in something different. It wasn't a taste you enjoyed," Ellis told the inquiry on Monday. "It made us sick to our stomach."
Some residents were advised to leave due to the smoke and ash that hung over the town from 9 February.
However, when asked why the town's 2,000 school children were not relocated, a state education department representative said it would have been highly disruptive.
"Our primacy as an education department is the education and learning for children in the community of Morwell," the department's regional services deputy secretary, Nicholas Pole, told the inquiry.
"It is highly disruptive to a group of teachers and students to be relocated."
Schools and early childhood centres were provided with air monitoring equipment to help principals make decisions about letting children outside, although this did not start until 18 February – ten days after the fire started.
The inquiry heard Victoria's Environment Protection Authority (EPA) had not been called to respond to a mine fire before. John Merritt, its chief executive at the time, said the EPA was not an emergency air monitoring agency.
"It was simply without precedent that we would have this sort of event of this sort of duration ... that would warrant the emergency readiness of mobile air monitoring equipment," Merritt said.
The inquiry heard the EPA was called in to help with the emergency response to the fire on 11 February – two days after the blaze started in the open cut brown coalmine – and first transmitted reliable data from a 24-hour reading on 14 February.
It also heard there was a week-long gap between air quality data being recorded at East Morwell and Morwell South where conditions were more severe.
It will serve Prime Minister Stephen Harper right if the Canadians whose votes he is trying to buy through political pork barrelling across the country refuse to stay bought.
After all, by betting almost $1.2 billion of taxpayers' money in one day last week on local capital improvement projects that flooded into mainly Conservative ridings just before the election call, the Tories have made clear they believe the votes of Canadians can be purchased.
All they're really arguing over now is the price.
The unseemly spectacle has appropriately been dubbed pork-a-palooza by Sun Parliamentary Bureau Chief David Akin, who counted 84 cheques valued at $839 million sent to Conservative ridings last Thursday alone, shortly before the writ dropped, after which such announcements can no longer be made.
That compares to $68.6 million earmarked for Liberal ridings and $53.8 million in NDP ridings, with the rest going to national programs.
You can find a list of the grants and what they're ostensibly to be used for in the July 31 entry of Akin's political blog.
Yes, the Liberals used to do the same thing when they were in power from 1993 to 2006, but that's no excuse.
Harper came into power promising to end Liberal political corruption — of which pork-barrelling is one component — not double down on it.
The federal government can have a legitimate role to play in funding capital projects in communities across Canada, such as needed improvements to wastewater treatment, seniors centres, high-speed Internet access, even fixing up Legion Halls and recreational facilities.
But rushing cheques out the door just as the writ is about to be dropped, not on the basis of priority and need but rather mainly on which ridings voted Conservative in the last election, is a disgrace.
It lowers the chances the spending will be done properly and increases the chances the work may not be necessary, if the government was simply trying to find Conservative ridings on which to shower money at the eleventh hour.
What it proves, as do numerous other examples, is that political corruption isn't a function of being a Conservative or a Liberal, the NDP never having won a federal election up to now. It's a function of time spent in power.
Inevitably, the leaders and parties who come to power promising to clean up the political corruption of the previous regime — as Jean Chretien promised when he replaced Brian Mulroney and Kim Campbell, and Harper promised when he replaced Chretien and Paul Martin — do the very things they once blasted their opponents for doing.
Ethics and morality are easy when one is in opposition, removed from the levers of power — although heaven knows opposition parties these days commit serious breaches as well.
But the true test of a party's morality comes when it enters government and the seduction of power, patronage and limousines contends with the two most important attributes a political leader can have — good judgment and common sense.
The point here isn't that Justin Trudeau and the Liberals don't have a moral leg to stand on when it comes to attacking the Conservatives on pork-barrelling, given their own history.
It's that Harper promised to do politics differently, and he isn't.
Monday, Jan. 30 – 9:45 a.m. (MT) – The safety and security of our players, staff, fans and those covering the game is our priority and as such we have been in regular contact with the police and event security regarding tonight's Top Prospects Game.
After much discussion, the CHL Top Prospects Game will proceed as scheduled tonight at 7 p.m. (Eastern) at Centre Videotron. Prior to the start of the game, there will be a moment of silence in honour of those killed and injured last evening.
On behalf of the CHL and our member leagues, we would like to thank the police services for their assistance.
Sunday, Jan. 29 – 9:01 p.m. (MT) – On behalf of the CHL, OHL, WHL and QMJHL, our thoughts are with the family and friends of those affected by the shooting in Quebec City Sunday evening.
The 2017 Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game is scheduled to take place in Quebec City Monday evening.
All Top Prospect players and staff in Quebec City are safe and accounted for.
We will provide any updates as necessary.
Online Learning 3.0: The Next Generation Of eLearning
Creating mediocre or bad online learning programs doesn't happen due to lack of effort. Lack of resources, budget, know-how, and ROI visibility are key reasons. Another reason is the ever-popular “negotiating to mediocrity” syndrome. But a few organizations are leading the charge into the next generation online learning 3.0 and it's possible for any organization to be one of them.
Harvard Business School has created one of the most advanced learning environments in the world. Boeing, NASA, and MIT are breaking new ground in lifelong learning. Fitch is leading the charge into an adaptive-powered world of corporate learning. These and a number of other examples represent the evolution of leading organizations to the next generation of training, online learning 3.0. But don't let the brand names fool you. You don't have to be a massive organization to create a modern online learning experience. But before we discuss exactly how to do that, let's take a look how we got here and what online learning 3.0 means.
Online Learning 1.0
When talent management and marketing departments first started using the internet, online learning meant a series of web pages, PDFs, and disjointed videos. They just pointed learners at a section of their intranet and let them have at it. This was online learning 1.0. Structure basically consisted of left-hand navigation menus. Learners were largely left to their own devices and there were no analytics.
Online Learning 2.0
Over the past few years we've seen the rise of the Learning Management Systems, or LMSs. These enable courses with more structure than a section of the corporate intranet. They allow course creators to easily stand up a course online. MOOCs, an offshoot of this, have also taken off. Both take a traditional classroom approach. Lectures, in the form of videos, usually with multiple-choice assessments. The flow is linear. Again similar to classroom learning. These courses also include some rudimentary analytics mainly consisting of completion status and rates.
While these online, “talking head” courses have allowed learning and development groups to expand their reach beyond physical classrooms and create more structure than a static intranet; they still aren't a great way for people to learn. First and foremost, let's be honest, they tend to be really, really boring. The fact that these courses remain really boring is a much larger problem than most learning and development managers realize. Traditionalists might say that is the price to be paid if you want to learn. “Learning takes work” is the common refrain. Tough luck kid, but I'm busy. However, just like the BYOD revolution that occurred with corporate phones, as people are increasingly exposed to better, more innovative consumer solutions outside of the organization, they will not put up with antiquated, inefficient, boring courses at work for much longer.
Besides being boring, online learning 2.0 courses are not great at teaching real-world application. Talking head courses take a very generic approach. Due to the dependence on cookie-cutter, off-the-shelf Learning Management System software, organizations can't easily tailor a digital experience to create a unique learning environment best suited for a particular domain or personalized to the learner's specific needs. Classrooms allowed for blending online materials with projects accompanied by instructors who could assist with real-world application. But online learning 2.0 doesn't do this well. As a result the most critical metric for corporate online learning, ROI, suffers.
The one-size fits all approach is unnecessarily time intensive, wasting money, and creating dissatisfied learners. Given the combination of access to information online and varying learner backgrounds, it's a waste of time to force learners through video and other content regardless of initial skillset. Learners should be able to opt out of materials and choose the learning methods most efficient for them.
Another key problem is the production-focused perspective that off-the-shelf Learning Management Systems foster. Much like PowerPoint, a Learning Management System, to its credit, allows for an easy way to think about and produce a course. Outline a course, create some scripts, shoot some video, upload related text and assessments, and watch the completion activity. Simple and straightforward. Still a lot of work, but it's straightforward. But we've all been through PowerPoint meeting hell. So it's not surprising that an easy to produce system has focused course creators on their process at the expense of the audience.
While the off-the-shelf Learning Management System might have made things straightforward it hasn't done much to reduce the cost of producing any given course and leaves fewer resources to innovate. With costs of creating a mediocre talking head course still ranging from $150,000 to $1 million each, organizations are essentially spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to build a Hyundai (sorry Hyundai, no offense). If you're spending that much money you should get a Ferrari. Or that mediocre experience should at least cost a lot less. The $150,000 Hyundai effect is preventing organizations from funneling dollars into new and innovative ways of learning online.
Lack of differentiation is another problem. For companies in the business of training other businesses, the implications for staying with run-of-the-mill talking head courses are obvious. Lack of brand and product differentiation, poor efficacy, uninspired learners when compared to competitors who are investing in next generation online learning.
Less obvious might be the impact on internal training, especially around leadership, sales, and customer training. Antiquated learning systems mean there's a direct impact on driving business results. And employees increasingly see training and development as a critical employment benefit. In an increasingly competitive job market, lack of innovative learning solutions puts organizations at a recruiting and retention disadvantage.
But there are organizations today who are starting to figure out how to move beyond the talking head video, multiple-choice course. That's where online learning 3.0 comes in.
So What Is Online Learning 3.0?
Fundamentally it's the end of courses that consist solely of video lectures and multiple-choice assessments. It's an evolution to a student-centered world. It leverages advances in learning science and tools to make learning faster, more effective, more enjoyable, and applicable to a larger set of learning areas. It's the end of systems where course production considerations trump learner experience. Hopefully it's the end of wading through hours of boring videos and questions to learn something without really being able to apply it in the real world.
Online learning 3.0 has a few fundamentals aspects:
Modern user experience design, similar to what folks are seeing in consumer web.
Visually engaging overview, e.g. what am I going to learn, how am I doing, what's next, etc.
Personalized, allows learners to test out and navigate in a nonlinear fashion.
A knowledge graph frame of reference, instead of a list of materials to get through.
Learn-by-doing.
Integration of external materials.
Interactive content and assessments.
Human involvement at scale, for example online coaching or group collaboration.
Engagement tools, e.g. gamification, mobile, social integration, etc.
Visible and transportable credit for what's been learned.
Delivered in the context of lifelong learning programs.
Heavy use of data to improve the learning experience and course material over time.
You may be thinking to yourself “that's great, but I can't invest millions of dollars and years of development to get to the next generation. I can barely get the existing courses out”. Or “we just invested in a Learning Management System, we don't want to upset things now”. However, wherever you are in the online learning evolution, it's possible to create a plan that has immediate impact yet puts you on the path to online learning 3.0.
7 Tips To Start Down The Path Of Online Learning 3.0
Here are some practical tips to start down the path and make the journey less daunting.
1. Take A Learner's Perspective.
If you or your dad were the learner, what would make for an efficient and enjoyable experience? Think outside of the LMS box for a bit. What consumer experiences do you enjoy? Borrow from those.
2. Create A Strategic Roadmap.
This is not a feature roadmap for the next 12 months. Instead it lays out how you want to position yourself against competitors or current state in the long term. What do you think the most effective learning solution in the future will look like? How would you prioritize critical new capabilities?
3. Change Your Near-Term Roadmap.
Change it from a list of interesting features to one that connects the near-term to your long-term strategic roadmap through a series of iterations.
4. Start Pilots.
You won't be able to get fully complete clarity on the strategic roadmap or how to get there right now. But start getting a feel for learner and ROI impact of various approaches.
5. Think Modular.
LTI and other technologies are key enablers allowing organizations to move from cookie cutter courses to dynamic experiences.
6. Change The Learner Experience Right Now Leveraging APIs And Lightweight Companion Apps.
It's relatively easy to create a differentiating learner experience that leverages your existing off-the-shelf systems.
7. Get Serious About Data.
Reporting is often an afterthought for online courses. But just like the best consumer web companies, the leading online learning organizations are using data to improve their systems rapidly and proving out their ROI models.
So where are you in the online learning evolution and how are you going to catch up?
The death of actor Paul Walker has cast doubt upon the future of the Fast & Furious franchise, but according to The Hollywood Reporter, work on rewriting the next installation is already underway. Sources familiar with the matter tell THR that screenwriter Chris Morgan has begun revising the script for Fast & Furious 7 to allow for Walker's character to exit the series using footage that has already been shot. The hope is that with a reworked script, cast and crew will be able to resume filming by late January, though that's far from guaranteed.
After a fiery car crash claimed Walker's life in late November, it was reported that Universal Studios would proceed with production of Fast & Furious 7 as planned, though the studio later reversed course and put the film on indefinite hold. The movie, directed by James Wan, had been scheduled to hit theaters in July 2014, but sources tell THR that this timetable has now been scrapped.
"is there an honorable and sensible way to do this?"
Universal has reportedly invested about $150 million in the film, and about half of Walker's scenes have already been shot. Executives are looking at ways to salvage that footage, and the studio says there is widespread fan support for continuing the franchise, though Morgan and Universal's creative team realize that it must be handled delicately.
"What will drive everything is, is there an honorable and sensible way to do this?" a source told THR, before admitting that "there's not really a road map" for the dilemma the studio now faces.
Employees of The Guardian newspaper could face criminal charges over their role in publishing secrets leaked by Edward Snowden, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism officer has signalled.
Cressida Dick, an assistant commissioner at Scotland Yard, confirmed for the first time that detectives were examining whether staff at the newspaper had committed an offence.
She also told MPs that her officers are looking at potential breaches of a specific anti-terrorism law which makes it unlawful to communicate information about British intelligence agents. The offence carries up to 10 years' imprisonment.
Mr Snowden, who worked as a contractor for the US National Security Agency, stole 58,000 documents containing names and other personal details about British intellience operatives, as well as information about this country's spying techniques and capabilities.
Security service chiefs have expressed concern that lives would be put at risk if the information fell into the wrong hands, and warned that terrorists and criminals are learning how to avoid detection thanks to articles which The Guardian has published based on Mr Snowden's disclosures .
Miss Dick told the Commons' home affairs select committee: “It appears possible, once we look at the material, that some people may have committed offences.
“We nees to establish whether they have or haven't. That involves a huge amount of scoping of material.”
Asked by Michael Ellis MP if her team was investigating possible offences under a section of the Terrorism Act 2000 which makes it illegal to “elicit, publish or communicate” information about members of the intelligence services, Miss Dick said: “Yes, indeed, we are looking at that as a potential.”
Details of Scotland Yard's inquiry emerged as The Guardian's editor confirmed his newspaper had sent unredacted copies of the highly classified documents to other news organisations abroad.
Alan Rusbridger said: “In stuff that was transmitted we did some cleaning up but we did not clean up every one of the 58,000 documents.”
Mark Reckless MP asked the journalist: “Can I ask why you did not redact those names?”
Mr Rusbridger replied: “There were 58,000 documents.”
The editor also confirmed that a “small amount” of classified material was sent to journalists in the US using the courier company Federal Express.
The Guardian editor told MPs that only 1 per cent of intelligence files leaked by Mr Snowden have so far been published by his newspaper.
He insisted he and his colleagues were “patriots” after he was asked by Keith Vaz MP, the committee chairman, whether he “loved this country”.
The editor said The Guardian was not a “rogue newspaper” and other editors of other international titles had decided to publish details from the leaked files.
Mr Ellis suggested to Mr Rusbridger that communicating the files to other individuals and organisations had been a criminal offence.
“You may be a lawyer, Mr Ellis, I'm not, so I will leave that with you,” the editor replied.
He confirmed The Guardian had paid for flights taken by David Miranda, the partner of former Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald, who was stopped carrying copies of the files through Heathrow airport in August. Mr Rusbridger said Mr Miranda had been working as an “intermediary”.
Earlier this year Andrew Parker, the MI5 director general, warned in a speech that revealing details about the work of GCHQ, the government listening post, was a “gift to terrorists”.
And last month Sir John Sawers, the MI6 chief, said terrorists were “rubbing their hands with glee” at the Snowden disclosures. He said: “What I can tell you is that the leaks from Snowden have been very damaging, they have put our operations at risk. Al-Qaeda is lapping it up."
A Cabinet Office spokesman said: “Nothing we've heard today from Alan Rusbridger changes the facts or the Government's position.
“The Guardian's publication and non-secure storage of secret documents has had a damaging effect on our national security capabilities.”
Starz has ordered the Latino drama “Vida” to series, the premium cabler announced Friday.
“Vida” is a half-hour drama series focusing on two Mexican-American sisters from the Eastside of Los Angeles who couldn't be more different or distanced from each other. Circumstances force them to return to their old neighborhood, where they are confronted by the past and shocking truth about their mother's identity. Veronica Osorio has been cast in the role of Emma, with Melissa Barrera playing her sister, Lyn.
Osorio is a Venezuelan improviser and actress who moved to New York City to perform at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in 2008. She has since relocated to Los Angeles and starred in the Coen Bros feature “Hail, Caesar!,” and the upcoming Soderbergh project “Mosaic.” She has also appeared as a guest star role on NBC's “The Carmichael Show” and Netflix's “Girlboss.”
Barrera can be seen in the upcoming third season of “Club de Cuervos” on Netflix. She started her career in Mexico in the popular singing reality show “La Academia.” After the success of “La Academia,” Barrera went on to star in the TV Azteca soap operas “La Mujer de Judas” and “La Otra Cara del Alma” after which she landed her first leading role in the renowned “Siempre Tuya Acapulco” and consequently “Tanto Amor.”
Related Starz to Develop 'Kin' Series With Reese Witherspoon's Hello Sunshine 'Counterpart' Cancelled at Starz After Two Seasons
Tanya Saracho will serve as showrunner with Alonso Ruizpalacios directing the first episode. Big Beach TV will produce the series with executive producers Marc Turtletaub, Peter Saraf and Robin Schwartz. Lionsgate will retain all domestic and international multiplatform rights, including broadcast, home entertainment and digital for the series. Starz senior vice president of original programming Marta Fernandez and manager of original programming Kathleen Clifford are the executives in charge of “Vida.”
“Tanya explores identity, culture, gender and sexuality through the lens of a Latinix family and their community. It's a deeply personal and relatable series about coming back home and finally growing up,” said Starz President and CEO Chris Albrecht. “‘Vida' reflects the intersecting worlds of Latin and American descendants of all genders and sexualities and speaks to the heart of Starz's programming commitment to present compelling stories for traditionally underserved audiences. We are very proud to work with Tanya and help bring her vision to life.”
Osorio is repped by UTA and 3 Arts Entertainment. Barrera is repped by Paradigm and Cross Over Entertainment. Saracho is repped by UTA. Ruizpalacios is repped by Gersh. Ruizpalacios is repped by Valor Entertainment.
Well, what a year it's been.Mostly nothing for me.My step grandfather died a couple of weeks ago and I attended his funeral. Very sad... but I hung in there. He was a fantastic man.I'm enjoying Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. The Adventure Mode is... so, so long! Over a thousand battles and occasional puzzle-solving, it's madness! I'm certain I'm very close to the end, though. I'm surprised. This blows Brawl's Subspace Emissary out of the water in terms of length, and many video game campaigns in general. These Spirit Battles are basically all I've been doing with the game since I have nobody to play it with and I don't tend to do online, even if there's a free 7-day trial of the Online Service.Back in July, I kinda regained interest in Splatoon, but not in regards of playing it, but rather just the characters. It resulted in the creation of an OC that I would argue is one of the most unique to date as it isn't just your average Inkling OC, but rather someone that ties in with the game's deep lore.Apparently Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare 2 is getting DLC against for the first time in literally 2 years. And what we got so far is... a disappointment. Costumes for Torchwood & Hover Goat-3000. Just full-on skins, no separate clothing pieces or anything. The designs themselves just scream VARIANTS as opposed to costumes. Adding insult to injury, I think according to a Q&A, they were actually intended to be variants, but they decided to make them costumes instead because apparently players would be fine with them being costumes... I... I just...Yet again, PopCap drops the ball. I mean, they have quite the track record of balancing characters after all... Super Brainz's Turbo Twister is literally useless offense-wise now and Party Citron is literally an upgrade to stock Citron. Like, literally no reason to play stock Citron now when he does the same damage, plus the added ability of doing more damage and moving faster temporarily after getting a few kills.They could've just moved on to Garden Warfare 3 instead, but nope. Keep the Disappointment Train a-rollin'. I am grateful they managed to turn the Backyard Battleground into a map which is so far exclusive for the Capture the Taco game mode they (re)introduced. No longer is it a 1-team CTF mode where Zombies steal tacos from defending Plants like in Garden Warfare 1, it's now equal for both sides like your average CTF game mode. People are complaining that Capture the Taco isn't a permanent game mode as it is currently a Mystery Portal-exclusive event. While I agree that it should be added to the list of other game modes players can choose to play at any time, so far I think it's for the best it stays as it is. Because Australians (at least Xbox One players) play literally only Turf Takeover and Mystery Portal. Nothing else. If it ain't Turf Takeover or Mystery Portal, then f**k ya!One last thing, I did another Squid Grumps short recently. Yeah, it's still a thing, despite my procrastination brim-filled ass.Hopefully I can make another before the end of the year.This is the Supreme Being, signing out.
On June 23, National Nurses United Director and Bernie Sanders surrogate Roseann Demoro tweeted, “Dems call on Tom Perez to resign as Party continues to push corporate candidates, ignore members.” Calls for DNC Chair Tom Perez to resign have come as direct result from reports that May 2017 was the worst fundraising month for the Democratic National Committee since 2003. The Republican National Committee raised more than two times the amount of money raised by the DNC in the same period. April was almost as bad for Democrats as May; they raised just $4.9 million, the worst performance since 2009. Perez excused April's poor performance with his recent assumption of the DNC chairmanship, but his inability to inspire support is setting off alarms among party leadership.
Perez's role as DNC chair started as a slight toward progressives who wanted Bernie Sanders-backed Congressman Keith Ellison in the role. But the Democratic Party establishment prevented this from happening at its own peril.
In the July 2017 issue of Harper's Magazine, Andrew Cockburn revealed how Barack Obama and the Democratic establishment orchestrated Tom Perez's candidacy and Ellison's defeat in the February 2017 DNC chair race. Their reasoning for these tactics was to prevent the progressive wing of the party from gaining power.
“The former labor secretary, an ardent supporter of Obama's Trans-Pacific Partnership corporate giveaway, had been personally recruited by the president to run for the DNC chairmanship and ward off an Ellison victory,” wrote Cockburn. “Former members of the Obama administration had confirmed that the president hoped to block an Ellison victory. ‘He wanted to stop the Sanders wing of the party from taking over,' one such official told me. That was certainly the view of Jeff Weaver, the Vermont senator's former campaign manager. ‘The sole reason Perez is running is to stop Ellison,' he told me angrily. ‘He has no platform of his own.”
The Democratic establishment didn't just run Perez; they bullied DNC delegates into voting for him. This tactic was reminiscent of the 2016 Democratic primaries, during which party leaders shunned and vilified Democrats who did not line up behind Hillary Clinton.
‘”I saw it,” Jane Kleeb, Nebraska Democratic Party chair, told Harper's Magazine. She said she heard that the Iowa delegation was strong-armed into voting for Perez after Democratic officials threatened the state losing its highly coveted position as the first state to vote in the Democratic presidential primaries. After Perez won the election, he tried to appeal to progressives by giving Ellison a ceremonial position as DNC deputy chair and running a marketing campaign of unity.
Kleeb went on to describe how the DNC has abandoned states like hers, writing them off to the Republican Party. She says a boost in support would make red states more competitive. Instead, Democratic leadership has doubled down on the strategies that led to Hillary Clinton's devastating loss. The party pours funds and resources into establishment-backed lost causes, like David Brock led organizations. Additionally, instead of inspiring progressives to get them to the polls, they resist their energy in order to keep the party's hierarchy intact.
Perez's position as DNC chair is a constant reminder that the Democratic establishment cares most about courting donors and maintaining the status quo. Throughout his “Unity Tour” with Sen. Bernie Sanders, Perez received boos. He was also booed at the California Democratic Convention in May 2017. His leadership generates little to no enthusiasm, and the millions of people who fueled Sanders' grassroots fundraising machine during the 2016 Democratic primaries will never donate to the DNC while the establishment retains their hold over the chairmanship. Perez extends the legacy of former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and former DNC Interim Chair Donna Brazile, both of whom were caught cheating to advance Hillary Clinton's candidacy during the primaries. Democratic leadership needs to offer concessions—or at least fair elections—to progressives if that they intend to survive into the 2018 midterms.
Kirby is well known for his ability to inhale objects and creatures to gain their abilities, as well as his ability to float by expanding his body. He uses these abilities to rescue various lands, such as his homeworld of Pop Star, from evil forces and antagonists, such as Dark Matter or Nightmare . On these adventures he often crosses paths with his rivals, the gluttonous King Dedede and the mysterious Meta Knight , though Meta Knight can be found as a hero, depending on the game. Kirby has been described as one of the most legendary video game characters of all time by PC World . [1] In virtually all his appearances, Kirby is depicted as cheerful, innocent and food-loving but becomes fearless, bold and clever in the face of danger.
In North America, Kirby consistently appears in artwork with a more striking, bolder expression than in Japan, where his expression is more relaxed. Nintendo has said that the more battle-ready appearance appeals to a wider audience in North America. [5]
Physical appearance
Kirby has a pink, spherical, body with small stubby arms and large red feet. His eyes are a distinctive oval shape and are white (eye shine) at the top, black in the center and dark blue on the bottom (all black in early games) with rosy cheek-blushes near his eyes. His body is soft and flexible, allowing him to stretch or flatten and adopt different shapes, open his mouth really wide to inhale foes, or inflate himself with air and fly. According to the Super Smash Bros. manual he is 8 inches (or 20.32 centimeters) tall, [6][7] however the games themselves are inconsistent with Kirby's height. Kirby's appearance has changed subtly over the years, becoming more rounded and defined, mainly in his face and larger blue eyes. The new design has been used in all subsequent games.
Personality
Kirby hails from the distant planet Pop Star, where he lives in a dome-shaped house in the country of Dream Land. He has a positive attitude, and frequently helps to save Dream Land through the use of his unique powers. His age is never directly stated, although he is referred to as a "little boy" in the English manual for Kirby's Dream Land, described as a baby in the anime, and was referred to as being a "jolly fellow" in Kirby Super Star.
Kirby is cheerful and innocent. He is often depicted with a voracious appetite. His other hobbies include singing, although he is tone-deaf.[6]
The same personality and nature is presented in the Super Smash Bros. games. In Super Smash Bros. Melee, his trophy profile states that he is an "extremely skilled technician". Kirby plays a prominent role in the Subspace Emissary plot as a protagonist, the story mode of Super Smash Bros. Brawl. Although he appears cute and innocent, many commercials and ads have contrasted this with his extreme fighting skills when he takes on the abilities of an enemy.
Kirby is a character of few words and rarely speaks in-game. His dialogue is largely limited to appearances in some games' instruction manuals, and brief comments such as "Hi!" or "Poyo!" in games including Super Smash Bros. and Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards. Despite his lack of dialogue, Kirby narrates the functions of certain Copy Abilities on the pause menu in Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land, Kirby & the Amazing Mirror, and Kirby: Squeak Squad. Kirby gives short descriptions of various menu options when they are highlighted. The concept of Kirby being mostly mute is supported by Masahiro Sakurai's insistence that Kirby does not speak in the anime series[citation needed], although he does occasionally say the names of his special attacks and certain foods and sometimes repeats other words that he hears. In the Super Smash Bros. series, when Kirby copies a foe's ability, Kirby says the name of some attacks, such as Captain Falcon's "Falcon Punch", Ness' PK Flash, Lucas' PK Freeze, Ryu's Hadoken/Shakunetsu Hadoken and "Jump/Speed/Shield/Buster/Smash" when using Shulk's Monado Arts. There are some notable exceptions where Kirby actually does speak in-game, such as Kirby's Avalanche, Kirby no Kirakira Kizzu and Kirby's Epic Yarn.
Despite his loveable nature, he sometimes acts in an impulsive or naive way, such as when he accuses King Dedede of interfering with the Fountain of Dreams in Kirby's Adventure, and then leaves to retrieve the pieces of the shattered Star Rod without receiving a full explanation.[8] He also attacked Meta Knight in Kirby Squeak Squad for ownership of a chest that he believed contained a slice of his stolen strawberry shortcake. In reality, the Star Rod was going to be taken by Nightmare, who would corrupt the Fountain of Dreams and turn every dream into a Nightmare, and the chest that Kirby wanted contained Dark Nebula, a powerful being with evil intentions. King Dedede and Meta Knight were aware of these problems, and were trying to protect the world.
Abilities
Kirby can gain the properties of enemies or objects he eats. For example; by inhaling a sword wielding foe, Kirby becomes a skilled swordsman.
Kirby's main ability is inhaling enemies and objects and spitting them out with incredible force. Both his mouth and body expand to allow him to inhale things much larger than himself. However, there is a limit to what he can inhale; excessively large or heavy foes like bosses can resist Kirby's inhale. Against these opponents Kirby must find smaller objects to use as ammo or intercept his opponent's attacks and send them back at them.
Kirby is able to float like a balloon by inhaling a gulp of air to make himself more buoyant, flying slowly by flapping his arms. However, his only method of attack in this state is to spit the gulp of air, sending him back towards the ground. While in most games he can float indefinitely, he gets tired in some games such as Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards, Team Kirby Clash Deluxe, Kirby Fighters Deluxe and Super Smash Bros.
Kirby's main mode of transportation is a star shaped, flying vehicle called a Warp Star. By clinging to its side or riding it like a surfboard Kirby is able to move quickly through the air and travel quickly between areas.
From the second game onwards, by swallowing foes, Kirby can copy their primary attribute, called a Copy Ability. Giving Kirby new abilities such as gaining fire abilities from inhaling a fiery creature or the ability to shoot needles from his body by eating a spiky creature. Kirby can only have one Copy Ability at a time and must discard his current one if he wishes to use another. Additionally, if he takes too much damage his Copy Ability will be knocked out of him; though if he's quick he can inhale it again.
Kirby Super Star greatly expanded on the concept of Copy Abilities from Kirby's Adventure. Originally Kirby just obtained one technique from a Copy Ability which replaced his Inhale but Kirby Super Star introduced multiple fighting techniques for each ability with their own controls. Additionally while Kirby's Adventure didn't have Kirby's appearance drastically change when he had a Copy Ability, aside from his color changing to orange or snow white, or wielding a weapon for abilities like Sword or Hammer. Kirby Super Star gave each Copy Ability its own costume, such as a fiery crown for Fire Kirby or a floppy green cap that resembles Link's for Sword Kirby.
In Kirby Super Star, Kirby could sacrifice his current Copy Ability to create a 'Helper', an allied version of the enemy Kirby typically gets that ability from.[9] The new Helper could be controlled by the game or a second player. This feature has not yet been included in later Kirby games, although it was included in Kirby Super Star's remake, Kirby Super Star Ultra and was intended to return in the cancelled Gamecube Kirby game which would have had Kirby able to make up to four helpers at once. In the game Kirby Star Allies, it seems that there will be an aspect similar to this.[citation needed]
Other games have developed his powers even further, often with new ways to utilize his Copy Abilities. As a whole, however, his basic moves have remained the same. In Kirby 64 Kirby can combine two copy abilities to create new ones. This returns in Kirby: Squeak Squad in a limited form, but only with Bomb and Sword which are both able to combine with Ice, Fire, and Spark.
In Kirby's Return to Dream Land, some copy abilities received enhanced versions called Super Abilities. Stronger than normal Copy Abilities, Super Abilities are capable of destroying scenery and interacting with the environment but unlike normal Copy Abilities their use has a time limit. Likewise, in Kirby: Triple Deluxe, Kirby can eat a Miracle Fruit to become Hypernova Kirby, giving his basic inhale ability a temporary boost that allows him to inhale huge objects.
In addition to his natural and copy abilities Kirby makes use of a variety of power-ups and items. In Kirby's Dream Land, Kirby's first appearance, Kirby did not have Copy Abilities. He collected power ups, such as a mint leaf, which enabled him to shoot out endless air pellets for a limited amount of time, and super spicy curry, which let Kirby shoot out fireballs from his mouth until the item's effect wore off or he lost a life. Kirby uses food or other special items like Maxim Tomatoes or Invincibility Lollipops to heal his health or gain temporary invincibility in the case of the lollipop. Kirby Super Star, Kirby Super Star Ultra, Kirby & the Amazing Mirror and Kirby's Return to Dreamland contain a feature where Kirby can share his food with the second player.
In Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Kirby's Final Smash is his Cook ability from Kirby Super Star, which cook opponents, items and more.[10] In Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, Kirby's final smash ability was an Ultra Sword attack.[10]
In Kirby's Epic Yarn, at the start of the game, Kirby inhales a yarn-based Maxim Tomato (referred to by Yin-Yarn as a Metamato) transforming him into yarn, granting Kirby the ability to transform into a car, a surfboarding penguin, a UFO, and many other forms. Also, since Kirby cannot suck up enemies in this game (since air just goes through him), he uses a yarn whip to grab enemies and turn them into yarn balls, which can by thrown at other foes, attached to buttons, move zippers and more.
Species
Although never explored in great detail in the series, Kirby is not the only member of his kind. Similar looking characters are seen in the ending of Kirby's Dream Land, and its remake Spring Breeze in Kirby Super Star. Meta Knight and Galacta Knight, both of whom bear a close resemblance to Kirby without their masks are often hinted to be of the same species as Kirby. In general, members of the species all look similar, but sometimes have different colored skin, eyes, and feet.
No official term exists for them other than Kirby's species. They are commonly referred to as 'Kirbys', just as Yoshi in the Mario series is the name of both the species and character. As a name, however, 'Kirby' refers to only one character. In the English manual of Kirby & the Amazing Mirror, the term 'Kirbys' is used at points, to illustrate the feature of having four differently colored versions of Kirby active in the game simultaneously, although in this situation the four "Kirbys" are four pieces of Kirby rather than four individual Kirby-like beings. Another common term is 'Dream Landers', a term used in the instruction manual for Kirby's Adventure.[8] This term, however, also refers to anyone who lives in Dream Land, including characters like King Dedede. The biography of Kirby in Super Smash Bros. Brawl says Kirby is a citizen of Dream Land.[11] Sometimes the term 'puffballs' is used referring to the species' round shape.
In Kirby: Nightmare in Dream Land, Kirby's Return to Dream Land and Kirby & the Amazing Mirror, different colored Kirbys appear as other players in multi-player games. In the case of the latter, they are the result of Kirby being divided into four by Dark Meta Knight.[12]
In the anime, Kirby has also been called a Star Warrior, along with Meta Knight and other characters that have appeared in the Kirby animated series. It is said that Kirby is just a young Star Warrior or an underdeveloped one. In the first episode of the animated series, Kirby's spaceship prematurely crashed on Pop Star. The trip was supposed to take him several hundred years and in that time he was supposed to be dormant; however, his ship drifted into a space rift causing it to warp to Dream Land and making his trip shorter, not allowing him to develop into the Star Warrior he was going to become. Kirby was also called a Warpstar Knight or a Warpstar Warrior, but this was only occasionally seen in select advertisements.
In Kirby's Dream Land 3, a mysterious enemy appears called Batamon, notable for its resemblance to Kirby aside from a more flattened shape and different face. These creatures are always seen walking past walls or ceilings beyond Kirby's reach, with the exception of a single stage in Cloudy Park, where Kirby can continue past the exit and come into contact with some.
JIHADIST Jake Bilardi is a symptom of the ­spiritual anorexia of the West. He was a lost boy looking for ­meaning in life and finding it in the worst possible place.
The youngest of six children in suburban Melbourne, Bilardi lost his father to divorce when he was nine, and his mother to cancer when he was 15. Brought up an atheist, ­highly intelligent, he had no anchors in his life at a time when he was seeking spiritual nourishment.
He converted to Islam shortly after his mother died, before dropping out of school in August to run off to Syria and join Islamic State.
Last week he blew himself up, aged 18, in a suicide bombing in Iraq.
After his death, IS propagandists ­proclaimed he “originated from an atheist family & ended up selling his soul to Allah for a cheap price.”
Bilardi was taught to believe in nothing and ended up a fanatical believer in something very bad.
That is evident. But when I wrote about this last week and pointed out that Bilardi's life is a warning of the “inevitable trajectory of the West's cultural nihilism”, the torrent of abuse on Twitter was insane, even by the standards of that sewer of human discourse.
The extreme reaction proved one thing, that militant atheism is synonymous with an unhinged hatred of religion. It also suggests that bien pensants have internalised the horrors of totalitarian Islamist ideology, not with ­Islamophobia, but with ­“Christophobia” and anti-Semitism, a paradox, if ever there was one.
Some examples:
“Belief in #God is an ­admission of mental ­incompetence.”
“What has mainstream ­religion given us — peadophiles [sic], Spanish Inquisition, ­ethnic cleansing, destruction of indigenous cultures‬.”
“Most Christians suffer from neurosis and that's a mental disorder.”
“The time has come to put the boot into evil vicious journalists who use their power to bully others about ‪#god.”
“Your moral slime is as ­turpid as the brainless act of ­violence committed by that idiot Jake.”
“Parents divorced when I was 12, and I'm an atheist. Therefore I must want to blow myself up for religion.”
media_camera Screen grab of Australian teen jihadist Jake Bilardi / Picture: Supplied
“You need to speak to atheists. We raise our children not to be self serving hypocrites.”
“Miranda, atheists have beliefs — beliefs in nature, wildlife conservation, community, anti CSG for instance”. ‬
“Religion is an illness — get well soon.“
There is no understanding here of the effect a vacuum of spiritual belief has on vulnerable adolescents, or the role religion has played in human flourishing, and a feeling of connectedness.
In fact, Bilardi's conversion from atheist child to jihadi is not so uncommon. When the Paris-based Centre of Prevention of Sectarian Derivatives last year investigated Islamist radicalisation, it ­interviewed 160 families of young jihadists and found 80 per cent described themselves as ‘atheist'.
I've spared you the foulest insults of my Twitter feed, but it's important to be aware of what passes for thought online because this is the seedbed which radicalised Jake Bilardi.
In fact, the politics of his “manifesto”, a blog explaining his trajectory from “being an Atheist school student in ­affluent Melbourne to a soldier of the Khilafah preparing to sacrifice my life for Islam in Ramadi”, could be from any left wing blog.
At about age 13 he starts reading about international politics online. He is angered by injustices he discovers, identifying with underdogs from the street gangs of South America, to the Taliban and Palestinians. He blames the United States, Israel and Western democracy for the ills of the world, and then starts to relate to Islam's ­victim narrative.
“Slowly but surely I began being drawn towards the ­religion and it was no longer a political interest for me but the truth I had been circling around for years.”
For adolescent psychologist Michael Carr-Gregg, Bilardi's case is nothing special. He has treated plenty of lost boys like him, the sort who join gangs, or cults or who, in America, become school shooters.
“Because there was nothing in his life he became ­obsessed with a range of global issues and he simply self-activated,” Carr-Gregg said ­yesterday.
“Initially, there was spiritual anorexia. Then there was this idea of how terrible the West is and that is the cause I can jump on.
“His personalisation of injustice sped up and was exacerbated by the personal events in his life (parents' divorce and mother's death) and ultimately he came to believe it's OK to use violence as a problem-solving device.”
A lonely adolescent like Jake Bilardi, with no parents, no anchors, and no other consolation or meaning in his life, could not afford to be an atheist, because all that could provide was despair.
His “soul” as his IS ­recruiters found, was easy prey. This is what educated, comfortable, happy adult atheists fail to comprehend.
Is President Obama done with Washington?
The 44th president has never been the capital's biggest fan, but his frustration with life in D.C. is bubbling to the surface in ways both casual and substantive.
The president twice went for unscheduled walkabouts last week, taking a trip to a Starbucks near the White House with his chief of staff Denis McDonough on Monday and, the next day, turning up at a burger joint in Alexandria, Va.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The bear is loose!” is the president's favorite phrase at such moments, and he deployed it again last week. Even the metaphor suggests a man straining at the leash after more than five years in the White House.
Yet there seems to be more to Obama's frustration than cabin fever.
Last Tuesday, Obama was asked about gun control during a question-and-answer session hosted by the social networking website Tumblr. He didn't try to assert that progress on legislation was realistically possible, instead launching into a personal broadside, permeated with a sense of resignation, against “this town.”
Referring back to the massacre in Newtown, Conn., in December 2012, and the abortive push for new gun control regulations that followed, Obama said:
“I have been in Washington for a while now and most things don't surprise me. The fact that 20 six-year-olds were gunned down in the most violent fashion possible and this town couldn't do anything about it was stunning to me.”
Obama also declared that “most members of Congress — and I have to say to some degree this is bipartisan — are terrified of the NRA,” adding that, “right now, it's not even possible to get even the mildest restrictions through Congress. And we should be ashamed of that.”
“He's at a point in his presidency where he's not running for anything ever again and feels very free to speak his mind,” said Tommy Vietor, who served as a spokesman in the Obama White House and has been with the president since his Senate days.
“He seems to care less and less whether he breaks a little china and I think that's great.”
“He's never really made it a secret that he's not a fan of this place,” concurred Jamal Simmons, a Democratic strategist. “I think he finds the pettiness of this place annoying. People are focused on tactics not results, and he sees himself as a more results-oriented guy. He's more willing to do things with a longer lens of history.”
Obama's distaste for Washington has always had a political element, of course. Way back during his first run for the White House, he often invoked Washington as a symbol of business-as-usual ineffectiveness and stasis. It was also a place to which, not coincidentally, he could tie his chief opponent for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton.
In late 2007, he told a crowd in Des Moines, Iowa, “The real gamble in this election is playing the same Washington game with the same Washington players and expecting a different result. And that's a risk we can't take.”
Nowadays, some observers wonder if even the most apparently superficial examples of his straining-against-the-leash, such as his downtown walkabouts, also serve a political purpose.
Breaking out of the confines of the White House, "reminds people of what they originally saw in him,” said Democratic strategist Doug Thornell. “I think they're doing this because it reminds people what they like about him: his connection with folks on the campaign trail. … Before he became president, he was an ordinary guy paying off his student loans who came out of nowhere.”
But Obama also seems to savor interactions with “civilians”, people whom he sees as being part of the real world rather than the rarefied Washington sphere. He has been indulging tat impulse a little more lately, wishing people a happy father's day and working a rope line on Friday before departing for a weekend in California.
During the weekend, he is doing some fundraising events, but will also be spending some downtime with the First Lady.
The Obamas have gone on numerous restaurant dates in DC, but they also seem to relish escaping the Beltway. In April, for example, they took in a Broadway performance of “A Raisin in the Sun” with family friend and advisor Valerie Jarrett.
The couple have also never sold their family home in Chicago's Hyde Park neighborhood, a fact that prompts speculation they will return there after his White House tenure ends.
“Every president professes to miss the anonymity, and I think he really does,” said Vietor.
One former senior administration official, who has worked with Obama since the 2008 campaign, says that the president seems to be feeling some kind of liberation at the moment.
“It's not exactly a full Bulworth moment, but it's freeing,” the former official said. “It's frustrating being in the bubble constantly, particularly for six or seven years.” The official added that it was important to “make sure he doesn't go stir-crazy,” adding wryly, “I would be.”
But a different former senior administration official cautioned against reading too much into Obama's activities. The official, though, did not bother to argue that Obama enjoys the ways of Washington.
“I think he has always liked getting outside the bubble,” the source said. Obama's frustration with DC, he added, has “been pretty steady.”
The Tantrik tradition has come to be viewed as synonymous in the West with sexuality. And, to some extent, that's the case in Asia too, mostly because of the pervasive influence of Western education. What is the truth?
The Web pages on this site cover a multitude of different subjects and this reflects the tantrik tradition which spans a huge range of topics.
Many interested in the topic, however, think tantra is equivalent to sex and focus on one specific rite, particular to the Kaula and Vamachara schools of tantra, and on the "five things", the so-called Panchamakara, including sexual intercourse, that are part of it. Vatsyayana's Kama Sutra, for instance, has little or nothing to do with the tantrik tradition but it is true that prior to the Muslim and Christian invasions of the sub-continent, the culture had a healthy interest in sexuality and also had the sensual language of Sanskrit to express it.
The first inconvenient point about the tantrik tradition is that in the overwhelming majority of texts, it is demanded that a practitioner be initiated by a guru (female or male), who belongs to a lineage or sampradaya. If someone practises tantrik rites, uses a mantra or yantra from books, without being competent (adhikara), not only is there no success, but, on the contrary, he or she is cursed by the goddess. Or so the texts say.
"Beguiled by false knowledge as propagated, certain persons, deprived of the guru-shishya tradition, imagine the nature of the Kuladharma according to their own intellect. If merely by drinking wine, men were to attain fulfilment, all addicted to liquor would reach perfection. If mere partaking of flesh were to lead to the high state, all the carnivores in the world would become eligible to immense merit. If liberation were to be ensured by sexual intercourse with a shakti, all creatures would become liberated by female companionship." (Kularnava Tantra, II, 116- 118).
The possibility exists that it was comparatively late that the tantrik schools went "underground". Judging from texts like the Kalika Purana, it seems that tantrik sexuality was a part of everyday life.
The panchamakara (five "m"s) are maithuna (intercourse), madya (liquor), mudra (bean), mamsa (flesh) and matsya (fish). They form part of a rite performed by those of the class called Viras (heroes). According to the tradition, practitioners fall into three classes: divya (divine), vira (heroic) and pashu (beastlike).
Yet the vira, or heroic sadhana, is only a part of the Kaula tradition and, if we believe the texts themselves, is only for a certain category of practitioners (sadhakas (m) and sadhvinis (f)) who can benefit from it. It is prohibited for the pashu, who is likely to misunderstand both it and its inner significance on a superficial level. For those not competent to practise this rite, it is poisonous.
Further, tantrik groups which do not fall into the Kulachara or Vamachara divisions, do not drink wine or use sex in a ritual context. Some may substitute ginger for flesh, milk for wine and the symbolic union of two flowers for copulation.
The influential Kaulavali Nirnaya Tantra, a digest of many of the greatest of the Kaula tantras, says that drinking is either divya, vira or pashu. The first is the realisation that the Goddess as wine-nectar is within, the second uses alcohol, while for the pashu it is prohibited as it is done without understanding. To a vira who wants to be liberated, ordinary prohibitions do not apply. Wine is Shakti and flesh is Shiva.
And the Kularnava Tantra says that the divine person, or divya, realises that wine flows from the 1,000 petal lotuses, flesh is the sense of duality, fish is the disordering of the senses and sexual intercourse is the union of Kundalini with supreme Shiva. Indeed, the commentary to the famous Karpuradistotra goes further and says that true sexual intercourse is union with the goddess within. Intercourse with any other woman is adultery. That may be true for the divya, but not for the vira. (See Vira Sadhana)
These considerations make it clear that far from tantra being synonymous with sex, sexuality is a part of the sadhana (work on oneself) and the tradition, and then, perhaps, only at a certain stage and for a certain time.
Artwork is © Jan Bailey, 1996-2018. Translations are © Mike Magee 1996-2018. Questions or comments to mike.magee@btinternet.com
Home Page
NETWORK Ten and the Nine Network breached their broadcasting obligations by promoting an online poker site, the media watchdog has declared.
But the stations have escaped with what is effectively a slap on the wrist, with the Australian Communications and Media Authority ordering they hold staff training meetings.
In the first investigation by the authority into breaches of the Interactive Gambling Act (IGA), Nine came under scrutiny for advertisements played during its 2009 Wimbledon coverage, while Ten was probed for billboard ads that were run before a weekly sports show.
The IGA prohibits the promotion of interactive gambling services.
In their defence, the networks both argued pokerstars.net did not promote gambling because players join for free.
But the authority said the website was clearly aimed at directing users to pokerstars.com, which was a gambling site.
"All providers of television, radio and datacasting service need to ensure they are fully aware of and comply with their obligations under the IGA," authority chairman Chris Chapman said in a statement.
A spokesman said broadcasters faced stricter licence conditions or court action if found to be in breach of the IGA.
Originally published as Nine, Ten chided over poker ads
Eugene Bostick, an 80-year-old retiree in Fort Worth, Texas, spends his days operating what just might be the coolest train in the world. His homemade dog train takes rescued strays out for fun rides around the neighborhood and in the surrounding woods.
Eugene and his brother Corky live on a dead-end street where many locals bring their unwanted dogs to leave them behind. Eugene began adopting them and taking them for rides with his tractor. “We started feeding them, letting them in, taking them to the vet to get them spayed and neutered. We made a place for them to live,” Eugene told Dodo.
“I have seen this guy with a tractor who attached these carts to pull rocks. I thought, ‘Dang, that would do for a dog train.' I'm a pretty good welder, so I took these plastic barrels with holes cut in them, and put wheels under them and tied them together,” Eugene continued. “Whenever they hear me hooking the tractor up to it, man, they get so excited.”
(h/t: thedodo, nbcdfw)
“I started out with my tractor… I'd put 4-5 dogs in there and take them riding”
Image credits: Tiffany Johnson
“All of a sudden, a couple more dogs showed up. I said, ‘Oh, that's not enough room' – and that's when I came up with THAT”
Image credits: Satci
“I'm a pretty good welder, so I took these plastic barrels with holes cut in them, and put wheels under…”
Now, the 80-year-old retiree takes his rescued dogs on a train ride twice a week
Image credits: unknown
“Whenever they hear me hooking the tractor up to it, man, they get so excited”
Image credits: MellieKooIt
Here's a video about their heart-warming dog train:
by
“Now let the reader's own moral feelings decide as to whether or not suicide is a criminal act.” – Arthur Schopenhauer, On Suicide, in Studies in Pessimism
The Grim Reaper never runs out of converts. Put another way, death never gets his full due. Comedians do not figure well in this – they are particularly attractive targets in the business of death. Ironic, then, that clowns are sometimes hired to make the ill in hospitals laugh, to give the impression that the world is not as dark as all that.
The more one is engaged in the business of making one laugh, the more one is taken from. It is a well that never runs dry. There is much to be said that the jovial one is the creative giver, and the one who laughs in response is a pirate of emotions, a recipient, yes, but a parasitic one. While we will never know the extent of what a comedian like Robin Williams was going through when he took his life, a tendency of exploitation is all too strong. The comedian is doomed to suffer, and when that life is taken by the joker's own hand, questions will be asked.
The casualty list for such noble people is high, and it comes with its fair share of ailments – alcoholism, drugs, the softening blow of dejection. Tony Hancock, one of Britain's finest, found himself mocking the Australian society he visited near the end of his life with well-targeted viciousness. There was a sense that he was coming to his end, brooding in the twilight of his years. He died in a Sydney flat in June, 1968. He did leave grief, but he left a stunning record of humour.
For American audiences, John Belushi is cited as an example of one the reaper carried off the day the comedy died. Ironically, Belushi's own death in 1982 after a combination of heroin and cocaine in his Chateau Marmont room in Hollywood was something of a spur for Williams to get clean. No slate, however, is ever clean. The prospect of taking one's own life is always up the sleeve. Nor should it ever be removed. It is the ultimate play.
Grief, when it is total, untapped and uncontrolled, may leave one suspicious. Williams was evidently admired, though throwing words such as love around is not necessarily a wise thing. It is invariably compensation for what has passed – we did not think enough of him when he was alive. It says much that, at the end his obituary in the Sydney Morning Herald[1], a helpline number is featured just in case people might get funny ideas. “Support is available for those who may be distressed by phoning Lifeline”. (Mensline and Kids Helpline also feature.) The more one talks about not merely suicide as a reality, the squeamish start taking over. Whatever you do – don't do it!
The undertone here is one of ingratitude – you were selfish to leave the land of the living, and in so doing, made sure the lights went out for others. Suicide, which has been practiced since the human condition became aware to humans, is thereby delegitimised. It is somehow wrong to take one's own life, especially if you are supposedly loved. Society itself is a barbarism that remains decidedly against the suicidal.
While the scolding element has not been all too evident with Williams, there is a suggestion that he should have shown more concern for his brigades and platoons of anonymous admirers. Behind the message of love is often a chiding note. Tributes are not necessarily unqualified in their affection. Why did you, bastard, leave us more jokes, or at the very least, live longer? We do not know you, but you owed us that.
Philosophers have been busy on the subject of suicide for centuries. A main target of this came from organised religion. The paradox of most religions, but notably those of the Book, is that suicide is most of all irresponsible and disgraceful to the glory of life. As Arthur Schopenhauer explained, “none but the votaries of monotheistic, that is to say, Jewish religions, look upon suicide as a crime.”[2] The Enlightenment thinkers were scathing in their criticism of this tunnel visioned view.
That said, Immanuel Kant did keep a salvo there for those who felt that self-inflicted death was an option. Suicide, he argued was “in no circumstances permissible”. To commit suicide sees the man who does so sink “lower than the beasts”. A curious view, given that human beings are prone to collective suicide on a constant basis (war, economic ruin, and a myriad of other examples).
Again, as Schopenhauer explained, suicide would lead to a cruel appropriation of the dead person's property, an “ignominious burial”, and a verdict of “insanity”. This, he pointed out with scathing observation, was most prevalent in England. How absurd, then, to compare the issue of someone who met a “voluntary death” with that of someone who inflicted a death with voluntary inclination.
While it is true that Williams has received many condolences and tributes, the love simply flows too far, drying even as it flows. Instead, his decision should be respected, however desperate it was when taken. Suicide is often misunderstood and almost always underrated. What should matter is the oeuvre, the body of work that says everything about a man who did something all too easy to ignore: make people laugh. His humour was volcanic, and it bubbled and steamed till death. Treasure him, if nothing else, for that.
Dr. Binoy Kampmark was a Commonwealth Scholar at Selwyn College, Cambridge. He lectures at RMIT University, Melbourne. Email: bkampmark@gmail.com
Brazilian federal police have detained a Facebook executive over a legal dispute concerning information from Facebook-owned WhatsApp, according to a Reuters report now confirmed by Facebook.
Held for questioning in São Paulo
Diego Dzodan, Facebook's vice president for Latin America, was detained in São Paulo by police Tuesday for questioning about WhatsApp information relating to a drug-trafficking investigation, Reuters reports. Authorities are seeking access to WhatsApp messages involved in the case, according to The Wall Street Journal
"We're disappointed with the extreme and disproportionate measure of having a Facebook executive escorted to a police station in connection with [a] case involving WhatsApp, which operates separately from Facebook," a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement to The Verge. "Facebook has always been and will be available to address any questions Brazilian authorities may have."
A WhatsApp spokesperson also called the move an "extreme step," and claimed that it can't access the information requested by law enforcement. "We cooperated to the full extent of our ability in this case and while we respect the important job of law enforcement, we strongly disagree with its decision," the spokesperson said in a statement.
This isn't the first time WhatsApp has run into legal problems in Brazil. The service was briefly suspended last year after failing to provide court-ordered information.
Image caption 121 episodes of Lost have been screened since 2005 121 episodes of Lost have been screened since 2005 TV's most bizarre endings
Lost fans in the UK will see the show's finale at the same time as their US counterparts, Sky has announced.
The sixth and final series comes to an end with a two-hour special on Sunday night in the US.
UK viewers will see it at 0500 BST on Monday, the same time as audiences on America's west coast, with a repeat on Tuesday night.
Lost's first episode, screened in the UK in August 2005, is still the most expensive TV pilot ever made.
Initially shown in the UK on Channel 4, it attracted around six million viewers. But it had already started losing viewers by the second series, shedding half its audience.
Series six, on Sky One, has stayed steady around the one million viewers mark.
The show follows the lives of plane crash survivors stranded on a mysterious tropical island.
Executive producers and writers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse announced in 2007 that the series would come to an end in 2010, giving them three years to tie up all the loose ends and answer as many questions as possible.
The final series has seen a "flash-sideways" concept, portraying two parallel universes.
In one, the survivors remained on the island but the other shows a world where Oceanic flight 815 landed in Los Angeles and the passengers never ended up living together.
Simultaneous screenings of the double episode will also be held in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Israel, Turkey and Canada.
US says secrecy raises potential for 'miscalculation' but experts say China cannot reach desired level of transparency
China's military cannot meet Washington's expectations of transparency, scholars in Beijing warned today, after a report from the US defence department said the secrecy of the People's Liberation Army was increasing the potential for "misunderstanding and miscalculation".
The annual Pentagon report was published amid frictions between the countries over US arms sales to Taiwan, US naval drills with South Korea and China's growing confidence in the South China Seas. It argues that despite modest improvements in the PLA's openness, "the limited transparency in China's military and security affairs enhances uncertainty and increases the potential for misunderstanding and miscalculation."
The PLA has issued reports on its work and attempted to improve links with other militaries in recent years, engaging in more joint exercises and taking part in peacekeeping missions. But Shi Yinhong, an expert on Sino-US relations at Renmin University, said: "Although China has steadily increased its military transparency over the past few years, it's currently impossible for China to reach the level that the US demands."
This year China announced that the military budget would rise by 7.5% to 532.11bn yuan (£51.7bn), after two decades of double-digit annual increases. Experts suggested the slowdown reflected Chinese concerns about the way it was perceived, as well as financial constraints. China argues that spending remains well below US levels and that US capabilities remain far superior.
The Pentagon believes that China's actual military spending is roughly double the stated level. Its report says China has the most active land-based ballistic and cruise missile programme in the world and that it is developing an anti-ship ballistic missile with a range of more than 1,500km, capable of attacking aircraft carriers in the western Pacific.
It adds that analysts believe China will not have a domestically produced aircraft carrier and associated ships for another five years, although foreign assistance could speed that process up. It also predicts: "It is unlikely ... that China will be able to project and sustain large forces in high-intensity combat operations far from China until well into the following decade."
Beijing suspended military-to-military ties between the countries in January, in retaliation for US arms sales to Taiwan. The report notes that while Beijing has improved economic and cultural ties with Taiwan, it has continued the build-up of missiles opposite the island and expanded its military advantage.
Last month Beiing reacted angrily when the US secretary of state waded into the territorial dispute over the South China Sea between China and several regional powers including Vietnam and the Philippines. Hillary Clinton said resolving the row was a diplomatic priority and was in the national interest of the US.
Other countries complain that China is taking a tougher line on the dispute. It recently began describing rights over the strategic waterway – which is also potentially rich in natural resources – as a "core interest".
China has also complained about US plans to hold joint drills with South Korea in the Yellow Sea, between China and the Korean peninsula. "The United States appears to want to declare to the world: 'The Asia-Pacific and the oceans remain under the United States'," said a commentary in the Communist party's official People's Daily newspaper.
Zhu Feng, of Peking University's School of International Studies, said the combination of issues had led to an "unprecedented surge" in tensions but that the prospect of conflict remained low.
Drew Thompson, a China expert at the Nixon Centre in Washington, warned: "The US military and the Chinese military don't have a common understanding, a rule of the road, for navigation. That's a major cause for concern."
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- With the NFL's scouting combine set to open Tuesday and free agency to follow March 9, today marks the sixth installment of a position-by-position look of where things stand for the Denver Broncos at each spot on the depth chart, the salary-cap commitment, free agents and where their needs are greatest.
Today: Linebackers.
Monday: Defensive backs.
Since cornerback Chris Harris Jr. arrived as an undrafted rookie in 2011, he has seen the team's defense evolve into what it became this past season. And whenever anyone, especially in the pre-Super Bowl swirl of coverage, asked him about the Broncos defense he routinely talked of “elite players in the front, at linebacker and in the back with the DBs.''
But he would often stop at the linebackers, to give them a little more shout in the shout-out. A group with two Pro Bowl selections in Von Miller -- Super Bowl 50 MVP -- and DeMarcus Ware to go with two 100-tackle players in Danny Trevathan and Brandon Marshall.
“Those guys, that's the best group in the league,'' Harris said. “They play the run, they play the pass, they go sideline to sideline and they get the quarterback. Man, that's all the jobs.''
The Broncos would love to bring back DeMarcus Ware and Von Miller in 2016. AP Photo/Jeff Chiu
Or as Trevathan put it recently; “We're probably one of the best linebacker groups in the league, the best maybe. A lot of people didn't give us a lot of credit, but we grind, we always grind.''
And the Broncos certainly like their potential for an encore from not only their defense as a whole in 2016, but the linebackers specifically. However, to keep the band together as it were at linebacker will require some work with the checkbook.
The Alpha: If you're on the short list of defensive players who have been named Super Bowl MVP -- only nine have won the award -- you are the The Man. Miller is the team's franchise player at the position and in the defense, and the Broncos still believe Miller is an ascending player in terms of on-field production if he can maintain the focus and work ethic he showed down the stretch and into the postseason after all of the post-Super Bowl hoopla finally calms down.
Salary cap: At the moment Ware has the biggest cap figure at the position -- $11.67 million -- but that will only be true until the Broncos place the franchise player tag on Miller as the team works toward a long-term deal. That number is expected to be in the $13-14 million range. Shane Ray is $2.07 million and is the only other player under contract at the position for '16 who will count more than Corey Nelson's $612,150.
Pending free agents: Miller is the big-ticket item in free agency. And Miller said this week he expects a long-term deal to get done with the Broncos. Trevathan, the team's leading tackler this past season, is an unrestricted free agent while Marshall is a restricted free agent. Todd Davis is an exclusive-rights free agent.
Who could stay: The Broncos would like to solve the riddle and keep all involved. Miller will be retained, first with the franchise-player tag and then with a long-term deal that, barring the most unexpected string of events, would be in the loftiest of financial air. The Broncos will also retain Marshall.
Who could go: Miller said he has “no doubt'' Ware will return for his third season with the Broncos -- Ware's 12th overall -- but Ware did miss five games with a back injury this past season with plenty of back/neck troubles previously in his career. His $11.67 million cap figure will likely be looked to for some adjustment. So, if he chooses to retire or does not want to re-work the deal at least somewhat, there is a chance he would not remain. The Broncos want to keep Trevathan as well, but with Miller, quarterback Brock Osweiler and defensive end Malik Jackson also on the Broncos' free agency docket, Trevathan could get caught in the squeeze.
What they like/want: They like speed and versatility, as in the group they have right now. They have used draft picks on Ray and Nelson in the last two drafts respectively, so while Ray would be slotted into far more playing time if Ware doesn't return, Nelson would get an initial look of Trevathan departs, as would Davis.
Need index (1 is low priority, 5 the highest): It's a 2. Miller and Marshall aren't going anywhere. The question is how to cope with the potential loss of Trevathan, who has led the team in tackles in two of the last three seasons. If he signs elsewhere, the Broncos would be inclined to look in the draft sooner.
Executives at healthcare organizations and in other industries are beginning to consider ways that they can use blockchain technology—the basic idea of an immutable, distributed ledger where one version of a set of data is shared among several parties, with no need for middlemen.
The technology holds promise to answer a variety of problems. For example, banks see a way to save money and have fewer disputes, more transparency, faster agreement on and execution of contracts, and better traceability. Healthcare organizations see more opportunities for better interoperability and improved data security.
But these organizations also have a long list of concerns and demands that such technology would need to meet to be acceptable in heavily regulated industries—these include security, data privacy, reliability, speed, control, performance and scalability, among others.
Microsoft announced last week that it's seeking to provide these missing pieces around distributed ledger technology. It's called Coco Framework—the name Coco stands for confidential consortium—and it will be posted to Github as an open source project in early 2018.
Also See: Blockchain to pair with other technologies to find healthcare uses
Redmond, Wash.-based Microsoft thus joins a host of vendors and organizations—including IBM, R3, the Hyperledger Project, and Digital Asset Holdings—that have been working to produce a version of distributed ledger technology that industries could feel comfortable using.
Microsoft wants to be perceived as a thought leader in this space. And though blockchain nodes run by Coco don't have to run in Microsoft's Azure, they can, so Microsoft hopes Coco will give its cloud computing business a boost.
Significantly, JPMorgan Chase—an early innovator in this space that's developed its own Ethereum-based blockchain, Quorum—Intel, bank-backed distributed ledger company R3 and supply chain company Mojix (which has blockchain technology for the retail and supply chain industry) are supporting Microsoft's efforts. Work has already been done to integrate the public Ethereum blockchain with it, as well as Quorum, R3's Corda, and the Hyperledger Sawtooth.
"Information sharing is what powers business at this point," said Amber Baldet, executive director and blockchain program lead at JPMorgan Chase. "We see a lot of opportunity in mutualization of infrastructure and being able to share information not only quickly but with a high degree of security and trust in the veracity of that information. Blockchain and distributed ledger help us do that.”
The Coco Framework creates a trusted network of distributed nodes, a little like bitcoin's mining nodes but without the electricity-guzzling process of mining. This network maintains a distributed key value store, using the RAFT protocol. Communication between applications and nodes and between nodes are secured with Transport Layer Security authentication.
At the heart of the Coco Framework is what Microsoft calls a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE)—a secure container of sorts for code, data and transactions that can be based on hardware (such as Intel's Software Guard Extensions) or software (such as Microsoft's Virtual Secure Mode). Members of a Coco network run validating nodes in which instances of the blockchain are run within a protected enclave of the TEE.
The Coco Framework also provides a constitution, meaning a complete expression of network policies—which members are allowed to use it, a list of members in this network, what are the nodes in the network, what versions of software could be running on the Coco Framework. The constitution is managed through distributed voting.
Microsoft and its partners set out to address several perceived shortcomings of the bitcoin blockchain that its clients had noted. One is speed, or more correctly, the lack of it. Throughput on the Ethereum blockchain is around 10 to 20 transactions per second. Large organizations often need to process thousands of transactions per second, pointed out Mark Russinovich, chief technology officer for Microsoft Azure. And latency, or data transmission delays, in the Ethereum blockchain can be tens of seconds or even minutes—that's too long for many businesses to tolerate. The slowness and delays on Ethereum are caused by the distributed consensus algorithms, according to Russinovich.
"No party trusts anybody else, so that requires a very distributed consensus algorithm to take place and it requires the parties to prove they're trustworthy," Russinovich said. To speed things up, the Coco Framework abandons the concept of mining and the distributed consensus algorithm. "All the parties trust the code that's in the trusted execution environment and trust the TEE to protect the confidentiality of that code and data," Russinovich said. "They can achieve centralized database levels of transaction latency and throughput."
The second challenge they addressed was confidentiality. Banks and healthcare organizations, for example, don't want their peers to see all the transactions being processed on a shared ledger.
"On today's blockchain systems, it's very difficult to provide that kind of confidentiality," Russinovich noted. "People have to implement very complex systems of cryptography to try to hide what's behind the transactions. What you've got running inside the TEE is not visible to anybody outside, and so once you put the code and data inside that with the system around that, confidentiality becomes just an access control problem—who's authorized to see the decrypted data?” Russinovich said.
A third aspect of blockchain technology that businesses balk at is the way members are allowed in. Anyone can use a public ledger. However, the Coco Framework leverages code inside the TEEs to provide governance for the network, including voting new members in.
According to Rick Echevarria, vice president of the software and services group and general manager of platforms security at Intel, the key thing Coco provides is trust.
“Most people base the business case for blockchain on the pure efficiencies this type of model can enable,” Echevarria said. “But for you to do that, you have to build something called trust — a lot of people in the industry call blockchain the equivalent of a trust protocol. How do you make trust happen? Data governance and confidentiality.”
Baldet at JPMorgan acknowledged that some industries, such as financial services and healthcare, still have a ways to go before they're ready for blockchain.
“Enterprise adoption and transformation of existing industries doesn't happen just because a technology falls in people's laps,” she said. “We're spending more time thinking about what market transformation means. The first things we see move to production will probably be more lift-and-drop of existing market models leveraging the new technology to achieve additional efficiency.
“Within a highly regulated industry like finance or healthcare, those changes are going to be relatively slow,” she said. “We can build demos and prototypes, but it's not just winning hearts and minds; you need to also engage with regulators and lawyers and your peers in the market to agree on a solution, and that takes time.”
This article originally appeared in American Banker.
James Earl Ray, the convicted assassin of civil rights icon Martin Luther King Jr., never actually stood trial. He was arrested at London's Heathrow Airport of all places, and extradited to Tennessee. There, he pled guilty—something he agreed to do to avoid execution by electric chair—and was sentenced to 99 years in prison. He maintained his innocence until his death 30 years later. He said he was the patsy of a mysterious figure named Raoul.
But of course the old saw about convicts is that they all claim they are innocent. Convicted assassins of civil rights leaders have an exceptionally tough path ahead of them in this regard; even if they get sprung from the pen on a technicality, they'll still be seen as monsters in the eyes of the public. In other words, James Earl Ray's attempts to clear his own name aren't surprising. What's surprising is that the victim's family members briefly devoted their lives to his cause.
From 1997 until 2000, the Kings, particularly Coretta, Martin Luther King's widow, and his youngest son Dexter, allied themselves with the legal team hell bent on freeing Ray. They were utterly sold on the most daring claim made by any of the King conspiracy theorists: not just that Ray hadn't acted alone, but that he wasn't even involved.
That was the version being sold at the time by Ray's lawyer, Bill Pepper. Pepper, who has in recent years devoted himself to the 9/11 truther movement, published a book in 1995 called Orders to Kill: The Truth Behind the Murder of Martin Luther King. Pepper's wasn't the first published work on the topic, but it was the most sympathetic to Ray.
According to Orders, US military intelligence and CIA agents teamed up with the mafia, renegade Memphis police officers, and of course J. Edgar Hoover's FBI (who, by any objective standard, really did want Martin Luther King dead), because they believed King's ideas were too revolutionary. Together, according to Pepper, they assembled a crack team of Special Forces snipers, plus a civilian shooter named Raoul Pereira, and cleared the way for King to be neutralized in Memphis on April 4, 1968 at the Lorraine Motel.
Unfortunately, the book explains, Pereira's trigger finger was too itchy, and he fired early. In the ensuing chaos, the supposed execution squad failed to take out its secondary target, the esteemed Reverend and later, Congressman, Andrew Young.
Pepper's book named names as well. For instance, he claimed to have received testimony from professed members of the Special Forces team which had led him to believe that one would-be trigger man had been a retired Green Beret named Billy Ray Eidson. Eidson had later been killed in New Orleans as part of a cover-up, according to the book.
By Pepper's own account in a later book, Martin Luther King's son Dexter became fascinated by this version of the assassination plot in early 1997. Over the previous two years, Dexter had taken over for his aging mother Coretta as leader of the Martin Luther King Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change. At the time, he promised a new era of "economic empowerment," for the black community, but he also advocated for the economic empowerment of King's estate.
At the start of his tenure as the King Family spokesman, Dexter King had clued into the profitability of Malcolm X's image, and met with representatives of the Elvis Presley Estate in Memphis to brainstorm ways to derive revenue from the work and likeness of his father. In 1997, he also negotiated a movie deal with Oliver Stone, and worked out a publishing arrangement with Time Warner to turn King's speeches and writings into marketable books and audiobooks like A Knock at Midnight: Inspiration from the Great Sermons of Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.
While making those deals in 1997, according to Bill Pepper, Dexter King was also taking an interest in assassination conspiracy theories, as were his sister Yolanda, and his cousin Isaac Ferris. Pepper wrote in his 2003 book An Act of State: The Execution of Martin Luther King that he was invited to Ferris's house on February 4, 1997, and that from 7:30 PM until 4 AM the following morning, he explained to them the investigative work he had done for Orders to Kill.
"They were astounded at the results and the meeting was highly emotional. It was clear that they had already decided to help," Pepper wrote. The help Pepper was looking for was in pushing for a new trial for his client James Earl Ray.
Nine days later, on February 13, the King family, including Coretta, held a press conference and announced that they supported a new trial for Ray, a move that, according to Coretta Scott King's biography by Laura T. McCarty, would have introduced new evidence, and helped clear up a lingering mystery. Dexter King took it a step further.
On March 27, Dexter King, whose appearance and voice are eerily similar to his father's, visited James Earl Ray in prison with the help of Bill Pepper. King told Ray he was glad to meet him, and shook his hand. They had a short conversation culminating in the point-blank question, "Did you kill my father?"
"No, no, I didn't, no. But like I say, sometimes these questions are difficult to answer, and you have to make a personal evaluation," said Ray, according to the New York Times.
Other figures in the civil rights world were taken aback by the Kings' embrace of a convicted killer. "I simply don't understand it," former Martin Luther King aide Samuel Billy Kyles told the Associated Press. Another former aide named Julian Bond said he was "mystified," adding "I'm open to the argument that others were involved, but to say Ray wasn't involved is impossible to me."
Ray's health was failing, however, and freeing him could not remain the center of their effort. When he died in 1998, the possibility of a new trial was taken off the table. The efforts of Pepper and the Kings had to refocus on clearing Ray's name.
Four years earlier, Loyd Jowers, owner of a restaurant next to the Lorraine Motel called Jim's Grill, had gone on television with his own conspiracy theory—one that included himself. He claimed to have hired a gunman at the behest of Frank Liberto who, at the time, sold him vegetables. Liberto had ostensibly been the one with the mob ties, that Pepper wrote about. Jowers said the unnamed man he hired, a renegade Memphis cop was King's assassin, not James Earl Ray.
So in 1997, as Pepper sought to examine old evidence in pursuit of a new trial that would have heavily featured Jowers, police questioned Jowers about the aspects of his old claims that could be substantiated. Jowers had claimed that James Earl Ray's rifle was a dummy, and that he concealed the real murder weapon.
When questioned about the real murder weapon, Jowers recanted, calling his testimony about the second rifle "bullshit."
After Ray's death, Pepper and the King family turned their attention to Jowers, now a 71-year-old with lung cancer, who had begun to take the fifth when asked about King assassination conspiracies. He would occasionally acknowledge that he played a minor role in the killing of Martin Luther King, but would no longer go into detail.
The King family and Pepper filed a wrongful death suit against Jowers, but he never appeared in court, citing his failing health. Getting out of bed to face questions about his role in an assassination may not have seemed worthwhile, since the Kings were only seeking $100 in damages.
The ensuing trial, referred to by the King Center as "The Assassination Conspiracy Trial," was just under a month long. While Jowers did not appear, Andrew Young did, along with TV's Judge Joe Brown. Transcripts of the trial show that much of the testimony focused on the FBI's operations, and the extent to which they targeted Martin Luther King. Witnesses also testified that Ray was not a racist. Civil rights leader James Lawson said in court that when he visited Ray in prison, "I could not discern that he was a racist any more than the rest of us are racists."
This view of Ray flies wildly in the face of accepted wisdom about James Earl Ray—mainly that he was a drifter, a career criminal, and a huge racist. Records show that he appeared to support the presidential ambitions of the segregationist candidate George Wallace. Author Hampton Sides—enemy of conspiracy theorists everywhere—is of the opinion that Ray was in Europe when he was arrested because it was a stop on the way to segregated Rhodesia—now known as Zimbabwe—where he would have been admired by white Rhodesians who loathed Martin Luther King. Another fan of Rhodesia under white rule is alleged Charleston shooter Dylann Roof, who sported a Rhodesian flag patch in a famous photo.
In any case, the jury in the civil trial delivered a verdict saying that Jowers was involved in some sort of conspiracy, and thus liable. The rest of the jury's finding was given as a blanket answer to a very long sequence of questions. It's worth reading the entire transcript of that question from the judge:
Judge: "Do you also find that others, including governmental agencies, were parties to this conspiracy as alleged by the defendant? Your answer to that one is also yes. And the total amount of damages you find for the plaintiffs entitled to is $100. Is that your verdict?"
Jury: (in unison) "Yes"
The Kings were elated. "We finally got what we had been asking for: The opportunity to get evidence before a jury," Dexter King told the press. Coretta Scott King invoked her husband's words, saying, "My husband once said that the moral arch (sic) of the universe is long, but it bends towards justice. Today I feel that the jurors' verdict clearly affirms this principle."
The civil court ruling prompted an 18 month inquiry from the Justice Department under then-Attorney General Janet Reno. That inquiry found no evidence of a conspiracy at all. "The verdict presented by the parties and adopted by the jury is incompatible with the weight of all relevant information, much of which the jury never heard," their report from June of 2000 says. That finding, unsurprisingly, doesn't impress conspiracy theorists much.
Three months later, there was another civil ruling with relevance to the King case. Billy Ray Eidson, whom Pepper's 1995 book had accused of involvement in King's death, turned out to be alive, and unhappy that a book was calling him a murderer. He sued Pepper for libel, and in October of 2000, a judge awarded him $11 million in damages.
Follow Mike Pearl on Twitter.
More than four decades ago, an archaeologist discovered a scroll in the ruins of an ancient settlement built near the Dead Sea. Found inside a holy ark, the fragile document was so badly burned that the scientist decided not to risk unrolling it, lest it crumble to pieces. Kept safe in storage ever since, the Ein Gedi scroll has held on to its secrets—until now.
This week a computer scientist announced that his team found a way to unroll the scroll virtually. Working off x-ray scans of the artifact, specialized software detected the layers of parchment and digitally unwound them, revealing for the first time Hebrew characters written on the scroll about 1,500 years ago.
“I've actually never seen the actual scroll,” says Brent Seales, a professor at the University of Kentucky. “For me, that's a testament to the power of the digital age.”
His interest in damaged texts began years ago with a cache of old Roman scrolls unearthed at what had once been the resort town of Herculaneum. Buried during the infamous A.D. 79 Vesuvius eruption, the Herculaneum scrolls seemed like little more than cylinders of charcoal. To try and take a deeper look, Seales and his colleagues bombarded the relics with x-rays from a micro-CT scanner—a device similar to the computerized tomography scanners hospitals use to see inside human bodies, but much more powerful.
“It's a bit expensive and time-consuming to do, but you're able to see inside an object without destroying it,” says James Miles, a graduate student at the University of Southampton and director of Archaeovision, a company that scans ancient objects. “You can't do this any other way.”
To suss out the contours of rolled papyri, Seales wrote a computer program. He likens the process to cartography: the density data from a micro-CT scan is a whole world of chaotic shapes and forms, and the turns of the papyri are like edges of continents that his algorithms can sketch. Sadly, his x-rays and algorithms proved blind to the carbon-based ink on the Roman scrolls, which was too similar to the carbonized papyri to be distinguished.
Still, word about Seales' software reached the Israel Antiquities Authority (IAA). They already had the Ein Gedi scroll scanned with a micro-CT machine but couldn't make sense of the information. Could Seales help? A meeting was arranged in the U.S., and over lunch, he was handed a hard drive containing terabytes of raw data. Though in much better condition than the Roman scrolls, the Hebrew parchment offered its own challenges. Made of animal skin instead of plant-based papyrus, it had bubbled and blistered over the years. New programming tricks that corrected for those imperfections in the data would be needed.
“This is probably a simpler problem than the Herculaneum scrolls, which are really the worst-case scenario in the field,” says Vito Mocella of the Italian National Research Council, who heads the Italian team that ultimately found a way to read letters on the Roman scrolls using an enhanced scanning technique and a powerful particle accelerator. “But even if it's simpler, it's still not so easy.”
Luckily for Seales, the Hebrews added metal to their inks, which showed up clearly as bright white spots in the CT data. As his software virtually unwound a single layer from the middle of the scroll, text revealed itself: “The LORD summoned Moses and spoke to him,” it began. Israeli translators identified the words as the first verse of Leviticus, the book of laws.
“This discovery absolutely astonished us: We were certain it was just a shot in the dark but decided to try and scan the burnt scroll anyway,” Pnina Shor, curator and director of IAA's Dead Sea Scrolls Projects, says in a statement. The IAA unveiled the achievement at a press briefing in Israel on July 20 .
For Biblical scholars, discovering another copy of the Book of Leviticus isn't exactly Earth-shattering. “There's little of surprise in finding a Leviticus scroll,” says James Aitken, a lecturer in Hebrew at the University of Cambridge. “We probably have many more copies of it than any other book, as its Hebrew style is so simple and repetitive that it was used for children's writing exercises.”
What makes the sixth-century text remarkable, says Aitken, is its age. Until 1947, the oldest known Biblical texts dated to the tenth century. Then Bedouin goat herders exploring the Qumran caves discovered the iconic Dead Sea scrolls, which date from between the third century B.C. and the first century A.D. The Ein Gedi scroll is one of only three deciphered documents dated to the long gap between, says Aitken—the other two being a fragment of Genesis thought to be from the sixth century and an Exodus scroll from the seventh or eighth century.
As Seales works to finish decoding the rest of the Ein Gedi scroll, he's making plans to start on other scrolls found at the same site. And with his growing reputation for resurrecting texts from the dead, other projects have come calling—including a novel from the early 20th century that was torched in a house fire.
“When you have a new technology like this, it moves the line of what is possible,” he says. “People start to think about studying materials they had no way to study before.”
It's Friday, so let's talk about some things around the NBA.
10 (11) things I like and don't like
1. Aaron Gordon, in the right spot
Guys, I am going to tell you something that might shock and disturb you. It may upend everything you think you know about basketball -- nay, about life --and plunge you into an existential abyss from which there is no escape.
Aaron Gordon might be better as a power forward. I know, I know. No one could possibly have seen this coming. Take a minute to compose yourselves.
With mopey Serge Ibaka gone, Gordon is back in the right place, looking like the bouncy playmaker who finished last season strong. Spot him up around a Nikola Vucevic pick-and-roll, and Gordon can catch the ball, toast plodders closing out on him, and rampage to paydirt:
Use Gordon as the screener, and he can glide into the lane to slip slick interior passes:
He's lurking along the baseline for putback crams instead of hanging aimlessly around the perimeter. Gordon outsprints opposing bigs for transition rim-runs, and when the offense bogs down, he can juke guys off the bounce -- something that was harder against wings, who can generally hang with him. He has even run a few nifty pick-and-rolls with Vucevic.
For the fifth straight year, we can plumb Orlando's meaningless last 20 games for signs of what might come next season. Yay?
2. Learning to like Golden State again?
I get why these Warriors don't inspire the same glee and universal affection of the two previous incarnations. The 2014-15 champs made an unexpected leap from good to historically great behind the new-style MVP and a fire-breathing, switch-everything power forward who began camp on the fringes of Steve Kerr's rotation. They stumbled upon a new identity beyond Stephen Curry's crazy shooting. They were novel.
Last season's 73-win juggernaut mastered that identity, and freed Curry to lift basketball into new places -- to literally transform the sport. The defending champions were somehow novel, again. Curry's 35-foot game winner at Oklahoma City is an all-time NBA flashbulb moment -- the crystallization of a brand of fun we hadn't seen before.
This year's team would never recapture that magic. With Kevin Durant, their success was boring. Even fitting him in was easy compared with other star-mixing projects. Goliath is never all that likable, especially when he talks trash, gets his pick of the buyout market, and kicks at people.
But these Warriors live by the same joyful, team-first ethos that defined them before they were A Thing. They play for each other. When players meld blazing basketball IQs with a share-first disposition, they produce a dozen pieces of tiny hoops art every game.
One little treat: Their best passers read the game at such a high level, and derive such profound happiness from dishing, that they almost begin their passing motion before even catching the ball:
Shaun Livingston has James Michael McAdoo on the brain the moment two Thunder defenders swarm Klay Thompson.
You can almost feel Draymond Green's twittering impatience as he waits for David West to kick him the ball; Green knows Thompson is open, and that his openness will expire if West takes too long:
Strip away the mean-mugging and the endless noise, and this is still who they are. It is part of what can make them almost charmingly vulnerable -- at least by superteam standards. The freedom and oversharing can cross into recklessness. They don't function as well when a chess-master like LeBron strangles the pace.
Now that they're facing some adversity, maybe we can enjoy them more.
P.S.: I'm happily surprised about the lack of HOT TAKEZ suggesting Durant's injury proves Golden State was wrong to sacrifice depth for another star. It was absolutely the right decision, and Durant's injury reinforces that: If one of your stars gets hurt in the playoffs, you have no chance -- unless you have extra stars!
They gave up almost no real depth on this year's roster to snare him. The bill comes due this summer, when Golden State will have trouble retaining Andre Iguodala and Livingston. Either way, it was worth it.
Uh oh. Aminu's pointy-elbowed fling has regressed back to the point where you can almost hear the ball screaming, "WHERE AM I GOING? I AM VERY HIGH IN THE AIR AND IT SEEMS LIKE I'M HEADED FOR THE BACKBOARD! HELP!!!!!!" Editor's Picks Lowe: Demar DeRozan talks Toronto's trades Zach talks to DeMar DeRozan about Toronto's deadline moves, Eastern Conference rivalries, and more.
Why the Celtics stood pat, for now Zach Lowe looks at the dilemma Boston faced at the trade deadline, and what it says about the Celtics' future. 1 Related
Opponents always sag off Aminu, but Portland could live with it last season, when he hit 36 percent from deep. Now that he's down to 30 percent, defenders have taken an extra step away to clog the paint on Portland's dynamo guards. Even worse, Aminu is hesitating on wide-open triples, and forcing head-long drives into crowds. He is a chunk of debris clanging around the gears of Portland's motion offense.
The Blazers need good Aminu; he's by far their best option at power forward, and their defense cratered without him early in the season.
4. Dirk Nowitzki, roller
The Mavs' smallish starting lineup, with the Yogi Ferrell-Seth Curry mighty-mite pairing and Nowitzki at center, didn't have staying power even before the Mavs stole Nerlens Noel. There is just no way that group can defend well enough over the long haul.
But man, has it been fun. Slotting Dirk as the lone big man frees him to slice to the rim after setting picks instead of popping for jumpers every time. That's a great way for sweet-shooting bigs to mix things up, and catch defenses off-guard; it is probably an underutilized part of Nikola Mirotic's game in Chicago.
Dirk is an expert at catching on the move from 15 feet out, stopping on a dime, and snapping off midrangers. When opponents send a third defender to smother those jumpers, he picks them apart with passes.
If that doesn't work, Nowitzki can U-turn to the 3-point arc while Harrison Barnes takes his turn on center stage:
The Mavs and Rick Carlisle never stop reinventing themselves.
5. Silly Nikola Jokic fouls
The Nuggets score about 115 points per 100 possessions with Jokic on the floor -- better than Golden State's league-leading mark, on pace to be the best in league history. They are a disaster when Jokic sits, which means he has to cut silly stuff like this right freaking now:
An alarming number of Jokic's fouls are lazy reaches committed out of frustration after one of his Gasolian passes goes awry. He knows it, too. Jokic told me in January he's focused on resisting the fouly tantrums, and curbing his very Euro addiction to whacking opponents before they can get out on a fast break -- regardless of how many fouls he has already committed, or the time and score.
Look at that dumb swipe against the Nets: There isn't even a fast break to neuter! Two Nuggets are already sprinting back ahead of every Net when Jokic volunteers himself into foul trouble 90 seconds into the game.
Even with New Orleans struggling to integrate DeMarcus Cousins, Denver isn't good enough to withstand extended Jokic's absences and cling to the No. 8 spot.
6. DE-TROIT BASKETBALL!
The simplicity of this slogan has a purpose: Detroit basketball stands for toughness, grit, and defense. It isn't fancy. Both the Bad Boys and the mid-2000s stalwarts reflected the character of their city. Bonus points for the sing-songy way fans and the team's public address announcer chant this. It almost doubles as a warning siren to opponents, and a taunt.
With apologies to suburbanites, I'm stoked for the Pistons to actually play in Detroit starting next season. The NBA needs to get Detroit an All-Star Game as soon as possible.
7. Paul George, cavalier
It's a fascinating debate raging across the league right now: How good, really, is Paul George? Before his ghastly leg injury, George was a consensus top-10 or top-12 player. Now, he probably won't qualify for one of six All-NBA forward spots. Toss in all the brilliant guards and unicorn bigs, and where exactly does George rank in the NBA's star hierarchy? Was he really worth all the trade deadline agita?
He hasn't played with the same fire this season. Only 13 percent of his shots have come at the rim, the lowest mark of his career. His free throws are down, and he's taking more long 2s than ever. He has ceded some of the creative burden to Jeff Teague, and there are nights when he just looks a little off.
There is even some evidence that his vaunted defense has slipped. His adjusted plus-minus numbers are mediocre, and opposing players are shooting above their averages when George is nearby, per NBA.com.
He has developed a maddening habit of drifting too far from dangerous shooters when he doesn't need to, leaving them open even on the strong side -- one short pass away:
It's almost as if George assumes he can make up all that distance if he revs into into gear. He can't. He has been too cavalier this season.
But then you remember what he has done in the postseason hothouse. He drilled high degree of difficulty shots on the biggest stage, in the biggest moments. When he gets angry, George transforms into a lockdown defender -- a long, multi-positional weapon, always on his toes, bouncing in sync with his mark as if he's looking into a mirror. He almost single-handedly eliminated a massively superior Toronto team in the first round last season.
When it matters, I'm still riding with Paul George.
8. Ryan Anderson, eyes on the prize
Anderson may not play quite as much with Lou Williams around, and Houston tilting more toward smallish lineups with Trevor Ariza in Anderson's power forward slot. But, damn, has it been fun to watch an uncaged Ryno fire at will. He'll jack 30-footers, let fly with a hand in his face, and if necessary, shove his own teammate out of the way so he can catch and shoot:
He also has the best "please go in!" exaggerated follow-through since prime Paul Pierce:
NBA
He looks like a fencer!
9. Hey there, Alan Williams!
All hail Big Sauce! One bright spot of the Suns going all-in on youth (i.e., tanking): watching Williams morph from the NBA's peppiest bench cheerleader into a real threat around the basket. Williams is shooting 60 percent, and he has a soft touch with both hands on little push shots -- a must, since he can't outleap opposing bigs.
Williams has gobbled up almost 19 percent of Phoenix misses, an offensive rebounding rate that would lead the league had he played enough minutes to qualify. He's an NBA player.
To be a long-term rotation player, he'll need to improve his defense. Williams is beefy, and he tries, but his athletic limitations hurt across all matchup types. He's not quick enough to chase stretchier bigs outside, and he doesn't offer much rim protection.
10. Grant Napear and Jerry Reynolds, toiling through misery
Even in basketball, there is something to the idea that brilliance springs from despair. Some of the NBA's sharpest and funniest broadcasting comes from markets that have known little else but dysfunction and losing over the past 15 years: New York, Brooklyn, Minnesota, and the two-man game from Napear and Reynolds in Sacto.
Chronicling dreck inoculates broadcasters from puffing their chests as if they have something to do with team success -- a disease that spreads around contenders. Humor becomes a survival tool when you have to live through 82 bad games, year after year.
Reynolds has an ever-expanding collection of puns -- Rudy "treys," for when Rudy Gay (note the rhyme!) nails a 3; Arron Afflalo's fading "Afflalo-way" jumpers, and so many more. He's in on the joke, by the way. He knows some of them are corny.
They aren't homers, and they don't bash refs. When a replay shows officials got a controversial call against the Kings right, Napear and Reynolds say the refs nailed it -- an unthinkable concession in some markets.
Napear gets on the Kings when they play poorly, and was vocal in his criticism of Cousins' attitude -- and perhaps a bit too vocal for the fan base's taste in celebrating Boogie's departure.
All of this gives them credibility. Imagine that! On the rare occasions when they go in on officials, they've earned the right. When they rave about a Kings player -- as both have during Skal Labissiere's recent coming-out party -- it means something, because they don't gush about every little thing.
11. The NBA's rigged buyout game
Perception is worse than reality, but this sure feels like a rigged game, doesn't it? The Raptors trade real stuff for Serge Ibaka, while LeBron and the Warriors wait around to nab their pick of the buyout crew for free. The process agitates the other 28 teams. (So does The Process, but that's a different conversation. Get well, Joel!)
Team executives have pitched a bunch of solutions to this maybe-not-a-problem. The league could move up the drop-dead date for playoff eligibility -- now March 1 -- so that it comes before the trade deadline. It could limit buyout signings to one per team. One exec even suggested a "buyout wire" that would operate like the waiver wire.
Right now, if no team in the waiver wire line with room to absorb Andrew Bogut's full $11 million salary hit volunteers, he goes straight into free agency -- eligible to sign with every team but the one that just waived him.
Teams with requisite room will almost never claim expensive players via that waiver process; they are available because they aren't performing up to their deals, and of minimal interest to the typical team with mega-space.
Once a player goes unclaimed, he'd move onto the proposed "buyout wire." Teams with cap room would get first crack at offering these guys reasonable salaries. Instead of swallowing Bogut's full deal, a team like Houston, flush with $3.5 million in new space, could bid any or all of that amount against other teams with room (or the $2.9 million room exception). Whoever bids the most gets Bogut. If no team with room bids, the capped-out teams -- like Cleveland -- can have at him, perhaps in reverse order of record. The winning bidder could even snare Early Bird Rights on the player -- a potential incentive to bidding.
The restriction of Bogut's freedom of choice in that system is uncomfortable. The buyout wire could be nonbinding -- maybe room teams only get to pitch Bogut before Cleveland can -- but that would defeat its purpose.
Maybe there isn't a problem here, anyway. Buyout guys rarely, if ever, tilt the championship balance in June. As long as the league rewards bad teams with high draft picks, those teams should dump expensive veterans once they've fallen hopelessly out of the playoff race. Those veterans then get to choose their new homes. Almost everyone wins.
It's worth discussing, though.
Why are the self-employed included in employment statistics, but excluded from earnings figures?
01 Jul 2015, by Ripped Off Britons Guest in Economics
There are many ways to raise an average. For example here are two ways to raise Average Earnings:
Have more people on high pay Have fewer people on low pay
And here are two ways of having fewer people on lower pay:
Pay the low paid more Just ignore them
The Average Weekly Earnings (AWE) statistic produced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) is a closely followed measure of the performance of the UK economy. Ministers eagerly pop out to celebrate when earnings rise faster than inflation (very rare since the 2008 crash), hoping to convince the public they are waving not drowning.
Latest stats show pay packets grew at 2.7% in April – the fastest real increase since start of crisis. Good news for working people — George Osborne (@George_Osborne) June 17, 2015
Source: House of Commons Library
The ONS states, in relation to Average Weekly Earnings (AWE):
“AWE itself is an estimate of average earnings per employee per week. It is calculated by dividing total (weighted) pay by total (weighted) employment.”
The ‘weighting' they refer to is intended to make the figure “representative of the Great Britain economy as a whole”.
In fact, these statistics don't represent the whole economy. The ONS explicitly ignores three groups of workers from these figures, stating:
“The self-employed, HM Armed Forces and Government Supported Trainees are excluded from the statistics.”
HM Armed Forces and Government Supported Trainees contribute just a couple of hundred thousand individuals, and so make relatively little difference to the national average wage.
On the other hand the self-employed makeup 15% of the UK workforce. According to the ONS's Labour Force Survey, in April-June 2014 the Self Employed numbered 4.6 million out of a total workforce of 30.6 million. [Note that ONS data on self-employed earnings at the time of writing this post is available up to 2012/13].
The average earnings of employees, who are not self-employed, have fallen since the 2007/08 banking crisis. But considerably less than the earnings of the self-employed:
The British ‘jobs miracle', by which unemployment did not explode as expected following the banker-induced crisis was according to the ONS the result of the growth of self-employed workers. The ONS stated in August 2014:
“The rise in employment over the past six years has been predominantly among the self-employed. There were 1.1 million more workers in April-June 2014 compared with January-March 2008, among whom there were 732,000 more self-employed.”
Source: ONS
And yet while government statistics use the Self Employed to show national employment has gone up, they exclude the downward pressure from the Self Employed on the national average earnings calculation.
The increase in Self-Employment is likely to persist as the government erodes employment protections and not least due to various government shenanigans with pensions requiring people to work to an older age: demise of Defined Contribution pensions; change of indexation from RPI to CPI; freedom for people to cash in pension pots; pushing back the state pension age. The ONS stated in its report in August 2014 titled “Self-employed workers in the UK – 2014”:
“- The number of over 65s who are self-employed has more than doubled in the past 5 years to reach nearly half a million
– The number of women in self-employment is increasing at a faster rate than the number of men (although men still dominate self employment)
– Average income from self-employment fallen by 22% since 2008/09
– Across the European Union the UK has had the third largest percentage rise in self-employment since 2009”
Including the Self-Employed in the Average Wage Statistics, even as a separate item, would be very revealing. Which is precisely why no government would want to do it.
Being able to keep people out of both the Unemployment Stats (because they are self-employed) and keeping them out of the average wage figures (because they are self employed) provides a very useful black hole to both ignore and not ignore a growing cohort of low paid UK workers.
[P.S. We hope it is not too churlish to mention that this will also be of particular interest to our MPs, whose pay after their bumper 10% pay rise in 2015 will be linked to the change in this ONS Average Weekly Earnings figure (excluding the self-employed)].
Spread the Knowledge
Tip summary
Remove soot deposits when flue gas temperature rises 40°C above the normal. A coating of 3mm thick soot on the heat transfer surface can cause an increase in fuel consumption of as much as 2.5%.
Proposed actions
Conduct a regular check for the fire box area as a part of the regular boiler inspection program.
Monitor flue gas out let temperature record any changes with time.
Plan for required cleaning if needed in the nearest chance.
Economics
Low cost opportunity with a good ROI.
Savings
Estimated energy savings range: 2.5 % of the overall Boiler energy use.
Decrease equivalent amount of CO2 emissions accordingly to save the environment.
Conclusion
Removing soot can save more than 2% of boiler system energy use.
Please share this tip with others to share knowledge and increase energy efficiency awareness.
Please contact me for any advice or support about this issue or other energy management issues.
Tip in PDF format:
My blog www.360proactiveengineer.com
#Energy #energyefficiency #energymanagement #steam #steamsystem #sustainable #sustainability #engineering #engineer #chemicalengineering #boiler #360practiveengineer #loadmanagement #steamboiler #sootremoval
It's that time of the year again, and the minds here at LR Towers have been beavering away preparing the most devious of questions for you all. Whether we'll manage to fox as many people as we did last year (largely thanks to the notorious “Belgian Battlefields” question) remains to be seen, but we will try.
Prizes are not yet finalised but we've got a selection of books picked out and a couple of unique items that can't be bought. We'll be trying to bully London's finest transport providers into adding to that pot over the next few days.
How to Enter
To enter send your answers to [email protected] with the word “quiz” in the subject line somewhere. You are, of course, welcome to post your guesses as comments on the post, but that won't be considered a valid entry and, as always, don't assume that the comments are correct! As last year once again demonstrated, the widely accepted answers in the comments aren't always the right ones.
And Now the Questions!
Q1: This unit of 1938 tube stock is making a transport promise that ultimately it will be unable to keep – what is it?
1938 Tube Stock, courtesy Mikey A
Q2: Where in London will you find this orphaned engine?
An Orphaned Engine, courtesy Unravelled
Q3: Built at the end of the 19th Century, I would later be described by Betjeman as a sad terminus of blighted hope. I was one of several London stations with a hotel as part of my frontage, although this was damaged in the Second World War and never really rebuilt. Even though I'd seen electric services since 1925, by that time I was already in decline. I would make it past my centenary though before Thameslink finally sealed my fate.
Which station was I?
Q4: At which Nordic sounding place of rest can you find this park within a park?
On Yer Bike!
Q5: What happened here in 1926 and again in 1999?
We are the Lions…
Q6: Below Burgundy Thompson, an American nursing student, describes her aunt's activities on a fateful day for Britain's railways. Who was her aunt?
The ones that she treated, she had a lipstick in her pocket, and she would put “x”s on the treated, “MS” meaning she gave them morphine sulphate, and then if they had some kind of wound she circled the wound with the lipstick until she ran out of lipstick.”
Q7: Which film, featuring this policeman, concludes with a dangerous chase across a tube line?
A Proper Copper
Q8: How many of Crossrail's new stations would they describe as being “cut and cover” constructions?
Q9: Looking up, where are we?
No Roads Here
Q10: Omnibustically speaking, what does Commissioner Pete do that Cliff and Reg didn't?
Q11: Can you name this mystery Line beneath the Capital – shown with it's originally planned extensions (a bonus point for each “???” you can name)?
The Mystery Line
Q12: Whilst assuming a posture to avoid detection, at a terminus point that is not a terminus on a line that was and never was – where are we?
Q13: Where exactly was this driver's eye views taken (and for a bonus point, from what rolling stock)?
Mind the Gap, couresy MD
Q14: Lurking octagonally near Limehouse, which transport system was this power station built to serve?
A Lurking Octagon
Q15: What was this site previously?
Maybe when we're rich…
And that's it! Merry Christmas Everybody!
It's beyond rumor at this point. According to multiple sources familiar with various aspects of the program, H&K's entry for the Compact Semi-Automatic Sniper System (CSASS) program was selected earlier this week for procurement by the United States Army. Other finalists were LMT and FNH USA.
The entry, named the G28E1, was displayed at SHOT Show in H&K's booth. Interestingly, it incorporates an OSS Suppressor.
The program for this new, compact version of a 7.62 NATO gas gun finds its beginning in 2012 but the actual solicitation wasn't until late 2014 with the goal being “improved reliability, improved accuracy, and improved ergonomics; reduced weight and length; advanced coatings; improved optics; reduced felt recoil; enhanced suppressor performance; enhanced modular rail capabilities; an improved bipod, trigger, pistol grip, and buttstock.” Since then, the candidates have been through a down select to further trim the field to three and numerous testing regimines.
According to documents obtained by SSD, the Army has been planning events around an ‘M-110E1', referred to as an improved version of the M-110 which is more compact and lighter weight, leading us to believe that the CSASS will adopt this nomenclature.
PEO Soldier did not respond to our request for information regarding this award. No word yet on how many the Army plans to purchase or the Basis of Issue.
Tags: Heckler and Koch USA, OSS
Members of the public, local government officials, and Walmart employees aren't buying Walmart's explanation that five stores in four different states all had to close abruptly on the same day until because of problems with their plumbing . Yet Walmart stands by that explanation, even in the handout it distributed to employees when announcing the store closures.
For now, everyone employed at the five stores is still on the Walmart payroll: the chain has promised them 60 days of severance pay. They can transfer to other nearby stores if there's a position open, or seek employment elsewhere.
Organization United for Respect at Walmart (OUR Walmart) is a movement working for better pay and conditions for Walmart's employees, and is backed by the the United Food and Commercial Workers union. They provided photos of pages from the packet handed out to employees of one closing store to Gawker, and they highlighted the advice given to the thousands of people who were suddenly out of work on a generic “coping with stress” handout. Some of the advice is good, and some is rather patronizing: they provide a list of symptoms that people may experience in stressful times, and advise people to stay away from comforting substances like tobacco, chocolate, and alcohol. The thoughtlessness of this handout becomes clear more than halfway down the page, where it advises Walmart workers who have had their jobs abruptly yanked out from under them to “[s]eek help if reactions [to losing your job] are interfering with job responsibilities.”
What job responsibilities? At the job that they just lost, or at one of their two other part-time jobs? There's also a handy sheet of questions that employees might have about the store closure.
9. Did these plumbing issues create a health or safety concern for customers and associates? No. These incidents impact the availability of water and create drainage issues for critical areas of the store, such as the deli section, which impact our ability to serve customers.
So the plumbing problems weren't urgent or dangerous, but worth throwing hundreds of people out of work for the rest of the year anyway.
10. Are you closing the store for financial reasons? No. The store has a strong customer base and is part of the reason we have made the decision to invest in improving the store. We plan to reopen once the improvements are completed.
However, it is not worth investing in making sure that the employees who make store so successful don't lose their homes and don't have to scramble to get another job with short notice. Gotcha.
As Ashley Feinberg over at our semi-estranged former sibling site Gawker points out, “the likelihood of five different stores needing to be shut down simultaneously, all for six months, all due to plumbing issues, and all with just a few hours notice on the same day, is astronomically low.”
In a statement to Gawker, though, Walmart explained that everyone is still on the payroll, they're looking for other jobs within the company while the stores are closed, and that OUR Walmart are a bunch of meanies for cherry-picking just a few pages from the very helpful packet that they handed out.
At this point, all associates are currently employed with Walmart. As I mentioned many will have the opportunity to transfer to other stores so they can continue their employment through the temporary closure. We are currently actively working to identify transfer opportunities for associates. Whenever we have a situation that impacts our associates our goal is to provide them information that will help answer their questions, as well as provide guidance to resources and other information that would help through any transition. The “coping with transition” document is a standard resource we provide associates to help them manage the difficulties of discussing any type of work transition with others. It's unfortunate that our critics are attempting to minimize this process by conveniently excluding all the other valuable information our associates received and need during this time.
Walmart's Advice to 2,200 Laid Off Workers: Don't Eat Chocolate [Gawker]
Former first lady Laura Bush hinted this week that she would rather see Hillary Clinton in the Oval Office than Donald Trump, saying she wants the next president to be someone who cares about women in Afghanistan.
“I want our next president — whoever he or she might be — to be somebody who is interested in women in Afghanistan and who will continue U.S. policies … that we continue to do what we're committed to do as a country,” Mrs. Bush said during the annual Women in the World summit in New York, according to the Telegraph.
“That's who I want — or the kind of people that will do that and will pay attention to our history, and know what's happened before and know specifically how we can continue to do the good things that we do around the world,” Mrs. Bush added.
Mrs. Bush, who recently published a book on Afghan women in conjunction with her husband's George W. Bush Institute, stopped short of endorsing a particular candidate in the 2016 race.
However, many in the audience took her remark as a nod to the former secretary of state.
Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, is the only female candidate left in the race and visited Afghanistan four times during her time at the State Department.
Meanwhile, Mr. Trump, the Republican front-runner, has been heavily criticized for his foreign policy plans and for suggesting that the U.S. should target the families of terrorists.
GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has also suggested that the U.S. should have no role in Afghanistan reconstruction and should only remain in the country to fight terrorism.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Striker Blake Powell has been released from his contract with the Wellington Phoenix and returned to Sydney for personal reasons.
Striker Blake Powell has been released from his contract with the Wellington Phoenix and returned to Sydney for personal reasons.
Head coach Ernie Merrick said he was sorry to see Powell leave but understood his reasons.
“Blake is a terrific person and has been a popular member of the playing squad,” Merrick said.
“From the moment he joined the club he showed a willingness to learn and he finished up as our top scorer.
“Our fans will never forget his four-goal burst in the 5-2 win over Western Sydney Wanderers at Pirtek Stadium.
“That was very special and showed his potential.
“I wish Blake well, will keep in touch with him and follow his progress with interest.”
Powell played 23 games for the Phoenix and scored eight goals.
The striker said he would to thank the club for being supportive of his decision to return home to Sydney to be closer to his family.
“I would also like to make a special thank you to Ernie Merrick for giving me a second chance in the Hyundai A-League and for his on-going coaching and support.
“Thank you to the supporters of the Phoenix for making me feel welcome in my first season, it was a pleasure getting to know some of you.
“Lastly, thank you to the team and the coaching staff for a great season. I have had the opportunity to meet some amazing people and I am very grateful for the time I spent with them all.
“I wish Wellington Phoenix the best of luck in the 2016/17 A-League season.”
Story highlights Egyptian army announces it has killed a key ISIS leader in the Sinai
The jihadist group Ansar Bait al-Maqdis, aka Wilayat Sinai, claimed it took down an airliner full of Russian tourists in 2015
(CNN) The Egyptian army announced Thursday it had killed a key ISIS-allied leader in the Sinai Peninsula.
Dead is the head of the Ansar Bait al-Maqdis movement, identified as Abu Duaa al-Ansari, and a number of his aides in airstrikes targeting the ISIS affiliate's strongholds, the army statement said.
"They managed to destroy a number of weapon and ammunition stores, and their explosives," said the statement. "In addition they killed more than 45 terrorist insurgents and injured dozens of members."
The army did not explain how it confirmed the death or provide any more details about Ansari, for whom there is a dearth of information in public news accounts.
His name does not appear in previous CNN reports and has not been reported elsewhere in relation to Ansar Bait al-Maqdis.
Read More
The US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit [official website] on Thursday upheld [order] a district court's dismissal of Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) [official website] request for information about the US government's use of drones for “targeted killings.” The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) [advocacy website] sought to obtain legal memoranda on drone use as well as compilations of data on government strikes that can detail who intended targets were, locations of strikes, and how many people have been killed, among other information. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) argued that the documents are exempt from disclosure, and the lower court granted summary judgment in their favor. The appeals court on Thursday agreed with the CIA that the requested documents were properly classified and exempt from FOIA requests because they pertain to intelligence activities and/or foreign activities of the US. The court also agreed with the CIA that there we no “segregable portions” of the documents which could be disclosed.
The use of drones [JURIST backgrounder] is controversial in both domestic circles and in the international arena. In January the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit [official website] ruled that the president's National Security Council (NSC) [official website] is not subject [JURIST report] to FOIA. In November the circuit also ruled that the US government may keep secret memoranda [JURIST report] related to the legal justification for the use of drones for targeted killings of those in other countries believed to be involved in terrorism. The case was the result of FOIA requests by the ACLU and the New York Times [media website] for documents prepared by the Office of Legal Counsel of the US Department of Justice [official website] regarding the drone strikes. In June the families of two Yemeni men killed by US drone strikes filed a lawsuit [JURIST report] against the government, claiming they were wrongfully killed. In December 2010 a judge for the US District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed a lawsuit [JURIST report] challenging the Obama administration's ability to conduct targeted killings, a challenge spurred because one subject of a targeted killing, al-Awlaki-Khan, was a dual US-Yemeni citizen.
BAGHDAD - Iraq is likely to ask Russia to expand its role in the war against the Islamic State (IS) and conduct airstrikes on the group in the country, largely because the Russians have "no red lines" when it comes to hitting targets that have slowed US-led attacks, Iraqi security officials told Middle East Eye.
Last week, Baghdad announced that it will share "security and intelligence" information with Russia, Iran and Syria to counter the IS group which has seized most of the towns and cities in three Sunni-dominated provinces in the north and west of Iraq since June 2014.
There have also been reports that Iraq is mulling over allowing Russia to carry out airstrikes on IS in the country, a consideration that is ongoing, a senior Iraqi security official told MEE this week.
"Initially, I have no problem," Haider al-Abadi, Iraq's Prime Minister said in response to a question about the possibility of the implementation of Russia's airstrikes in Iraq on Saturday. "Actually, I would welcome it if the Russian side will be ready to strike Daesh (an Arabic acronym for IS) inside Iraq.”
"This option is on the table now,” the security official, speaking on condition of anonymity, told MEE, “and if the Iraqi government found that there is an interest to go with it, it will go with it”.
"The Iraqi government has priorities and defeating Daesh, as soon as possible, is at the top of these priorities, so this is an option," the official said.
No red lines
One of the main reasons Russia's offer is appealing to the Iraqi government is that the protocols that the US-led coalition follow slow down its attack time and also limit the types of targets that are hit, the official and two others in senior security positions told MEE.
"They (US-led coalition) refuse to strike private cars, mosques, bridges, schools despite the fact Daesh militants are mainly using these places as headquarters," a senior military officer, who declined to be named, told MEE.
The US-led rules, which enforces the stringent verification of targets, regularly give IS militants enough time to save their supplies, equipment and fighters, they said.
"This is an exceptional war and our enemy has no rules," one of the officers said. "How [can] you ask me to stick to the rules while my enemy is brutally killing my people every day, enslaving my sisters and destroy my towns and cities?”
"Russians have no red lines, no complicated and restricted rules, so it would be easy for us to deal with them," he said.
Additionally, because many of the militants operating in Iraq are Caucasian, Chechen or Russian who may eventually head back to their home countries, Russia has a particular interest in monitoring their movements and learning who funds them and were they are headquartered.
No Russian presence yet
Iraq's Ministry of Defence said that the cooperation with the Russians has not started yet and the preparations to establish a security-intelligent cooperation centre which will take place in Baghdad, are still going on.
"We still, until this moment, are preparing the centre and [there is] nothing tangible on the ground with respect to either the intelligent sharing information or the airstrikes," Nassier Nuri, the media advisor of the Iraqi Minister of Defense, told MEE.
"Iraqi government has not presented a request to the Russian Side to engage in the airstrikes [against IS] inside Iraq and we're still talking about the intelligent cooperation, no more," Nuri said.
Reports earlier this week suggested that Russia and Iraq had agreed to allow the Russian air force to start using the country's Al Taqaddum Air Base in Habbaniyah, west of Baghdad, as a launching pad for bombing missions against IS in Syria and northern Iraq.
But Nuri said that the reports are entirely inaccurate.
"This (Taqaddum) base is an advanced training base where some of the US trainers are stationed to train the Iraqi security forces and the (anti-IS Sunni) tribal fighters, and no Russians are there," Nuri said.
Iraq has had limited air force capability since the 1990s after the US army destroyed most of its aircraft and equipment when former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein invade Kuwait.
Since 2003, Iraq has made concerted efforts to rebuild its air fleet, signing contracts mainly with US companies to buy F-16 fighter jets.
But the delivery dates for the planes have been hampered by security, political and financial problems – aircraft have been bought on credit since last summer - that have engulfed the country.
While an increased Russian role in Iraq could speed up the fight against IS, analyst say it might worsen the situation in the country as it becomes a battleground between the US and Russia and could further complicate the situation with multiple countries and interests at hand.
For decades, Iraq has had complicated ties with Iran. More recently, Iran has provided crucial support to Iraqis in their war against IS, including advising, equipping and funding Shia militias which are the backbone of the country's armed forces after the dramatic collapse of the Iraqi army last summer.
The US-led coalition also been assisting Iraq in its fight, including striking IS in Iraq and Syria and training and advising Iraqi forces. Both sides insist that they are not coordinating their efforts but in fact they complement each other, analysts said.
BARCELONA -- The unofficial theme at this year's Mobile World Congress show was: Everybody attack Apple, Samsung and Google.
The reason is obvious: These three companies dominate the smartphone industry with a shocking totality.
Apple and Samsung together account for 103% of all smartphone handset profits. (The percentage exceeded 100% because of the way losses are accounted for.)
Google dominates mobile search revenue in part because of its Android platform and in part because of its iOS apps. Google made about $5.2 billion in mobile ad revenue last year worldwide and grabbed an incredible 93.3% share of the U.S. mobile search ad market.
The rest of the industry is fed up with watching Apple, Samsung and Google run away with all the money. Now they're fighting back.
Mobile upstarts like Huawei and ZTE introduced some incredibly good phones. Would-be has-beens like HTC, LG and Nokia demonstrated that they're back from the brink, ready to take back market share.
The industry is competing again and they're doing it right -- with innovation, imagination, design and sound strategy.
Here's how each of the leaders was challenged in Barcelona this week.
Apple
Apple didn't have a booth, yet had a presence at MWC not unlike Lord Voldemort's in the Harry Potter series -- the scary, powerful entity that must not be named.
A general mob scene at the HTC booth involved long lines forming behind the dozens of tethered demo units of the recently announced HTC One phone. Many people were snapping pictures of the HTC One with their iPhones.
The HTC One is by far the most beautifully designed Android phone I've ever seen, with its elegant, unibody aluminum construction.
The HTC One challenges the iPhone on Apple's own terms -- with elegant hardware design, a fantastic camera and a compelling user interface.
Apple's monopoly on elegant hardware design is officially over.
An even bigger threat to Apple's dominance, however, is the general excitement over phones totally unlike iPhones.
The hottest thing in smartphones at the show was raw power: 13-megapixel cameras, blistering-fast mobile processors, giant screens, incredibly loud and clear speaker systems and surprising and innovative connectivity options to TVs and other devices.
The iPhone suddenly feels stale and feeble.
Samsung
Samsung had an enormous booth, as usual, but didn't announce its upcoming Galaxy S4 phone, which will be unveiled March 14 in New York.
Samsung's new handset competitors are hitting the company with a combination of great design, compelling features and raw power.
Huawei's Ascend P2 features blistering fast performance not only with onboard, quad-core 1.5GHz processing, but also LTE connectivity offering theoretical 150 Mbps download speeds.
LG demonstrated some surprising technology that I didn't think was even possible. They showed an LG Optimus G running a graphically intensive game mirrored over HDMI and upscaled to Ultra HD TV (also known as 4K) -- a TV technology so new that they're selling for around $20,000 per TV set. Hollywood isn't even producing much 4K content.
ZTE surprised the MWC crowd by announcing a phone called the Grand Memo running Qualcomm's Snapdragon 800 processor with LTE connectivity -- which can run at a clock speed of 2.3 GHz. (Note that Samsung's upcoming most-powerful phone, the Galaxy S4, will reportedly run the slower Snapdragon 600 in one model for the U.S., and a second version running Samsung's eight-core Exynos 5 Octa chip for the European market.)
In the wake of MWC, Samsung's design, performance and feature advantages on the high end of the market are seriously eroded.
But there's trouble on the low end, too.
For example, Nokia's Lumia 520 phone is a pretty advanced Windows Phone smartphone that should cost less than $185. Upstarts like Huawei and ZTE were showing low-end phones that provide most of the features and functions of high-end phones, but at very low prices.
These are the kinds of phones that are likely to chip away aggressively at Samsung's global market share.
Google
Google decision to go boothless at MWC this year surprised attendees. Last year's Google booth was ginormous and their show presence overwhelming.
Google's Android platform is by far the world's biggest phone operating system. Devices running Android were everywhere at the show.
But there's trouble in paradise, and this was plain to see at MWC. The problem: The marginalization and commoditization of mobile operating systems in general and Android in particular.
-- Georgia cornerback
Sheldon Dawson
will be disciplined internally for poking Alabama cornerback
Dee Milliner
in the eye during the SEC Championship, Bulldogs coach
Mark Richt
told reporters today.
The discipline, Richt said, would not involve a loss of playing time for Dawson in next month's Capital One Bowl game against Nebraska.
"Dawson saw it, and Dawson realizes it was a bad thing, and a bad image for him and for Georgia," Richt said,
. "He understood why I needed to discipline him."
The SEC announced today that no players would receive suspensions for various acts of misconduct during the SEC Championship game. That umbrella covered Dawson as well as Alabama defensive end
Quinton Dial
,
hit on Georgia quarterback
Aaron Murray
immediately drew national scorn.
Neither Dial's hit nor Dawson's eye poke were flagged as penalties during the game. In fact, Milliner was penalized for shoving Dawson after he jammed his fingers through Milliner's facemask.
"Something happened before, and when I turned around ... I was pointing, and my hand went straight through his face mask," Dawson, a freshman, told reporters in Georgia today. "They were saying I tried to eye gouge him or something like that. I looked at the video too, and it did look like I went into his face, but it didn't go like me grabbing his face or trying to poke his eye. ... You will never see that happen again, because that's not me."
In an interview last week on the
, Milliner said Dawson had apologized to him and that the incident was water under the bridge.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
Minotaur26
Offline
Activity: 1064
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 1064Merit: 1000 Re: [ANN][DRK] Darkcoin | First Anonymous Coin | Inventor of X11, DGW, Darksend and InstantX February 10, 2015, 05:36:35 PM #79835 Another way in which InstantX is a game changer
InstantX is a game changer in many ways, but I think one of the most important aspects is it allows Darkcoin to stand on its own from a Point of Sale perspective. For example, one of our Darkcoin Ambassadors is located in a nice tourist spot in Brasil and we are right now discussing strategy about his region. We believe there is a nice opportunity for small tourist shops in beach towns around Brasil where a lot of customers are American or European.
Instant X opens up this type of market to us, the idea of tourists shops in small towns taking crypto is obviously not novel. Tourists can take coins on their phones or laptops without having to deal with customs issues or exchanging money when they reach their destination. But cryptocurrency wasn't practical for small brick and mortar shops, until InstantX came about because it is a lot to ask for small souvenir shops around the world to establish relationships with payment processors like Bitpay, to be able to quickly serve customers.
No one wants to pay for something on a souvenir shop and wait 10 minutes before you can leave, also if you are a small tourist shop in Brazil you don't want to be obliged to have a relationship with some payment processing company in the United States or let people leave your shop without a confirmed payment is just not a good feeling and is a form of centralization.
Darkcoin, through InstantX, allows brick and mortar shops around the world to take crypto on their own without having to get service from some foreign company that will come with a bunch of KYC requirements, and do it in a way where you can serve customers just as fast, if not faster, than with credit cards.
No relationship with a bank or any other company necessary and no fees, if anything they just need to learn how to exchange their crypto for fiat in exchanges or just start spending crypto directly. This is way more scalable from a global perspective than expecting companies to confirm payments on behalf of people, it is included directly in the protocol no need for workarounds and third parties.
I am excited to see what we can do with this in the Darkcoin Ambassador Group we are already 30 volunteers looking to promote Darkcoin on our cities if you want to help, just reach out.
eduffield
Offline
Activity: 1176
Merit: 1016
Dash Developer
LegendaryActivity: 1176Merit: 1016Dash Developer Re: [ANN][DRK] Darkcoin | First Anonymous Coin | Inventor of X11, DGW, Darksend and InstantX February 10, 2015, 05:40:59 PM #79836 Quote from: Minotaur26 on February 10, 2015, 05:36:35 PM Another way in which InstantX is a game changer
InstantX is a game changer in many ways, but I think one of the most important aspects is it allows Darkcoin to stand on its own from a Point of Sale perspective. For example, one of our Darkcoin Ambassadors is located in a nice tourist spot in Brasil and we are right now discussing strategy about his region. We believe there is a nice opportunity for small tourist shops in beach towns around Brasil where a lot of customers are American or European.
Instant X opens up this type of market to us, the idea of tourists shops in small towns taking crypto is obviously not novel. Tourists can take coins on their phones or laptops without having to deal with customs issues or exchanging money when they reach their destination. But cryptocurrency wasn't practical for small brick and mortar shops, until InstantX came about because it is a lot to ask for small souvenir shops around the world to establish relationships with payment processors like Bitpay, to be able to quickly serve customers.
No one wants to pay for something on a souvenir shop and wait 10 minutes before you can leave, also if you are a small tourist shop in Brazil you don't want to be obliged to have a relationship with some payment processing company in the United States or let people leave your shop without a confirmed payment is just not a good feeling and is a form of centralization.
Darkcoin, through InstantX, allows brick and mortar shops around the world to take crypto on their own without having to get service from some foreign company that will come with a bunch of KYC requirements, and do it in a way where you can serve customers just as fast, if not faster, than with credit cards.
No relationship with a bank or any other company necessary and no fees, if anything they just need to learn how to exchange their crypto for fiat in exchanges or just start spending crypto directly. This is way more scalable from a global perspective than expecting companies to confirm payments on behalf of people it is included directly in the protocol no need for workarounds and third parties.
I am excited to see what we can do with this in the Darkcoin Ambassador Group we are already 30 volunteers looking to promote Darkcoin on our cities if you want to help, just reach out.
You just convinced me to port IX to the android wallet You just convinced me to port IX to the android wallet Dash - Digital Cash | dash.org | dashfoundation.io | dashgo.io
Former Beatle Paul McCartney took Sony Corp's music publishing arm to court Wednesday, as he seeks to reclaim the copyrights to 267 Beatles songs.
McCartney's lawsuit, which attorneys presented before a New York federal court, claims he notified the Sony-based music label, Sony/ATV Music Publishing, back in October 2008 that he wished to terminate his publishing contract in 2018 and reclaim the rights to the songs he co-wrote with fellow Beatle John Lennon.
However, according to the suit, Sony/ATV has so far failed to acknowledge McCartney's right as composer to terminate copyright transfers under the US Copyright Act, prompting concerns the publisher could instead declare the former Beatle to be in breach of his contract.
The suit claims that "because the earliest of Paul McCartney's terminations will take effect in 2018, a judicial declaration is necessary and appropriate at this time so that Paul McCartney can rely on quiet, unclouded title to his rights."
In a statement, Sony/ATV Music Publishing said it regretted the lawsuit, calling it "unnecessary and premature."
"Sony/ATV has the highest respect for Sir Paul McCartney, with whom we have enjoyed a long and mutually rewarding relationship with respect to the treasured Lennon & McCartney song catalog," the publisher said.
Watch video 03:21 Share Beatlemania In Germany Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/19Nl4 Beatlemania In Germany
Late pop star Michael Jackson acquired the Beatles song catalog in 1985 for $47.5 million, famously outbidding McCartney after the former Beatle told him of the importance of music publishing. Jackson obtained the Beatles songs as part of a larger trove of some 4,000 pop tunes from Australian businessman Robert Holmes.
The songs were then rolled into a joint venture between Jackson and his record label, forming Sony/ATV Music Publishing, which went on to become the world's largest music publisher.
In 2016, seven years after Jackson's death, the late pop star's estate sold its 50-percent stake in Sony/ATV to Sony Corp for around $750 million.
"You never give me your money"
McCartney's lawsuit could have major ramifications for the music industry and the law's interpretation of the US Copyright Act of 1976.
Under the Act, artists can reclaim the rights to their songs 35 years after they are given away, or 56 years for songs after 1978. Next year will mark 56 years since the Beatles released their first single, "Love Me Do," in 1962.
However, in a crucial legal victory for publishers, a British court in December last year refused to grant UK group Duran Duran the US rights to its songs from Sony/ATV on the grounds that the group members' agreements were governed by English law.
"Rather than provide clear assurances to Paul McCartney that Defendants will not challenge his exercise of his termination rights, Defendants are clearly reserving their rights pending the final outcome of the Duran Duran litigation in the UK," the McCartney lawsuit read. McCartney said he has made clear he intends to terminate his publishing contract under the US law.
dm/rt (Reuters, AFP)
In case you ever wondered about the way (some) correctional officers see their inmates, I lead you no further than to Caddo Parish, La., Sheriff Steve Prator, who is ranting and raging mad about new criminal-justice reform laws that will go into effect next month—because it will mean getting rid of cheap labor.
But don't take my word for it; hear it come from Prator's own mouth.
According to KSLA-TV, Prator expressed his “concerns” about the Justice Reinvestment Act, scheduled to go into effect next month, because it would provide for the early release of thousands of inmates across the state, including 192 felons in Caddo Parish in the first wave, or so he says.
Advertisement
“There's ways and things that need to be reformed on the criminal-justice system, but certainly we don't need to do what we're about to do,” said Prator.
The Justice Reinvestment Act is made up of 10 bills that were passed by the state Legislature and then signed by Gov. John Bel Edwards in June, in hopes of changing Louisiana's reputation as the most imprisoned state in the country.
It is the hope that the act will reduce the state's prison population by 10-12 percent and save some $262 million over the next 10 years.
Advertisement
To Prator, it's all a waste.
“Simply put, the state of Louisiana is risking our safety for bragging rights and to save money,” he said.
But Prator later would show his whole ass, showing that he really doesn't care about safety or bragging rights. He is concerned, it would seem, about saving money, but only in the form of cheap or free labor.
Advertisement
“The [prisoners] that you can work, the ones that can pick up trash, the work-release programs—but guess what? Those are the ones that they're releasing!” Prator fumed in a video clip tweeted out by Shaun King. “In addition to the bad ones … they're releasing some good ones that we use every day to wash cars, to change the oil in our cars, to cook in the kitchen, to do all that where we save money, well, they're going to let them out!”
Well, that wasn't subtle at all. Do tell us how you really feel, Steve.
I know I'm not the only one fed up, because in surveying the video, I found this guy, who is clearly over it all.
Advertisement
I feel you, fam.
Anyway, as KSLA notes, Prator gave out a list of 33 inmates who would be the first to be released on Nov. 1. Some of those on the list did not qualify for release until 2025, mind you, with charges ranging from possession with intent to distribute marijuana and aggravated flight to DWI and illegal possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.
Advertisement
However, Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Correction Secretary James Le Blanc told the news station that he wasn't sure where Prator was getting his information and facts, and cited inaccuracies in Prator's assessment of the act.
“It's not like it's some opening of the gates and everybody's releasing here,” Le Blanc said. “This is 1,400 inmates that are going to 21 different districts.
Advertisement
“I have all the respect in the world for Sheriff Prator. I just don't know if he really knows what the numbers look like,” he added.
Le Blanc told KSLA that after the first wave of 1,400 inmates are released, releases would taper down to about 30 a month, and once again, it would only affect nonviolent and non-sex offenders who qualify.
As for the 192 inmates who Prator said were going to be released from Caddo, well, Le Blanc said that as far as he knows, the act only releases 35 come November.
Advertisement
“We can put people that need to be in these beds in. More violent offenders and sex offenders and people that we need to be dealing with and providing the adequate resources and programs to while they're in prison,” Le Blanc told KSLA.
Read more at KSLA-TV.
Hey backers,
Here's the big announcement you have all been waiting for: stretch goals!
$250,000: At a quarter million dollars, every backer at $1,499 and above will be able to choose from one of 12 colors for their camera. New colors being made available include red, blue, orange, pink and yellow.
$360,000: At this funding level, every Sphericam 2 will be made dust-proof and water-resistant (IP67), allowing use in any kind of weather, and allowing even more varied use.
$720,000: Every Sphericam 2 will be upgraded to have a USB type-C data/charging port. This is the latest and the best USB connection. USB type-C has the highest bandwidth and power. This type of USB is better for live streaming and much better for charging the camera while shooting.
So how can you help us reach each of these stretch goals to get you a better, higher-quality 360-degree camerae?
First, make sure that you have backed us for at least $1,399. Next, please share our project with all of your social networks, family and friends. By getting them to join, you are ultimately getting yourself a better product!
Click HERE to share Sphericam with your Facebook friends
Click HERE to share Sphericam with your Twitter followers
Use this link to share Sphericam anywhere: http://bit.ly/SphericamKS
Thanks for joining us on this amazing journey!
Talk soon,
Jeffrey and the Sphericam Team
Park and wildlife agencies say that retired volunteers have in turn become all the more crucial as budget cuts and new demands have made it harder to keep parks open.
Work-campers come together in one place — leading nature walks or staffing visitor centers, typically working 20 hours to 30 hours a week — then take off to their next assignments. As they move about, they keep in touch with one another through cellphone numbers, e-mail addresses and Facebook postings, creating virtual communities filled with the people they meet.
Camp life, especially in this bird -watching hotspot, revolves around the great outdoors: picking up trash, guiding visitors and, with luck, perhaps spotting the rare roadside hawk that has been reported in the Rio Grande Valley. Night brings a round of socializing: wine around the picnic tables out by the bird feeders, an open-mike sing-along at the recreation center, an evening walk through the South Texas scrubland.
Estimates of the number of work-campers nationally vary, but a spokesman for Kampgrounds of America Inc., a private company that franchises camps, said that 80,000 or so might be a good guess, based on KOA's percentage of the camping market and the number of its work-campers.
“It attracts a certain kind of person,” said Wendy R. Forster, 70, a retired biologist who lives alone in her motor home and has been leading bird-watchers' walks here since January. “There's a lot of companionship and security.”
Recession has cut a fierce crosswind through the subculture, recreation experts and campers say. Many campers are also trying to stay longer in one place to cut travel expenses.
Photo
But other recreation managers say they have become more dependent than ever on a national network of volunteers, partly because of spending cuts and partly because remaining staff members have to prioritize what they can do.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Basic trail maintenance, for example — picking up trash,” said Nancy C. Brown, who coordinates volunteers for the South Texas Refuge Complex, which includes three large wildlife areas. “It's important for wildlife purposes, but when you're faced with a choice of dealing with oil and gas permits or maintaining a trail, the trail is the first thing to go.”
In the last decade, Ms. Brown said, the number of campsites set aside for volunteers in the complex, including those at Falcon State Park, has risen twentyfold, to 65 from 3.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In some places, the retired volunteers are about the only staff members left.
“We did a state park in Arizona this year that had laid off so many people, we basically ran it,” said Carolyn Miller, 71, a former small-business owner from Colorado who has work-camped from Alaska to Maine with her husband, Warren, 73.
For many work-campers, the appeal of a nontraditional retirement was also linked to a life-changing event — the death of a spouse, a divorce, money trouble, a midlife reassessment of priorities. For whatever reasons, they said, staying put became an unappealing or unavailable option.
And for some, there is romance to be found. Sandra Noll, 65, a retired nurse who has been leading canoe trips for bird-watchers on the Rio Grande since early January, met her partner, Erv Nichols, 66, three years ago.
Mr. Nichols, a retired photographer from Big Bear Lake, Calif., had set out to downsize his life. With Social Security as his only income, and two previous marriages that ended in divorce, he was so sure of a solo life, he said, that he ripped out the front passenger seat of the little motor home that a friend had given him as a gift.
Ms. Noll, who was reassessing her own life after a divorce and a move back West, where she grew up, found Mr. Nichols's zeal in tossing aside his possessions appealing. “You wanted to simplify your life,” she said, glancing across the table at him in their little trailer. “That drew you to me.”
Ms. Forster, the retired biologist, became a volunteer partly out of grief. When her husband died of cancer 17 years ago, in his 50s, she immediately set off, she said, continuing the motor-home life they had imagined together, but now on her own. She has led bird-watching trips all over the country and has already made plans to come back here next year.
“We're nomadic,” she said. “But a lot of us are coming back next year, so that will be a reunion.”
Other campers are moving down the road. Ms. Noll and Mr. Nichols, for example, are headed next to Nebraska , to work as guides along the sandhill cranes' migration route. Starting in June, the Smiths, from Sioux Falls, will work on an island in Puget Sound. Ellen Lawson, 66, of Evansville, Wyo., will head for a dulcimer festival in Mississippi . She said she was already dreading the goodbyes when she and her husband, Ron, 67, leave here in March.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I cried when I left home to come here,” Ms. Lawson said while raking leaves at Falcon State Park's Butterfly Garden, “and I'll cry when I leave.”
Poll
Is this a test? yes 7% [ 14 ] no 5% [ 9 ] fish 14% [ 27 ] 42 32% [ 59 ] Age of Sigmar is terrible and you are a terrible person if you like it 33% [ 62 ] Click here if you are Darkwolf 9% [ 16 ] Total Votes : 187
Author Message
Advert
Forum adverts like this one are shown to any user who is not logged in. Join us by filling out a tiny 3 field form and you will get your own, free, dakka user account which gives a good range of benefits to you: No adverts like this in the forums anymore.
Times and dates in your local timezone.
Full tracking of what you have read so you can skip to your first unread post, easily see what has changed since you last logged in, and easily see what is new at a glance.
Email notifications for threads you want to watch closely.
Being a part of the oldest wargaming community on the net. If you are already a member then feel free to login now.
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Kid_Kyoto
[MOD]
Arlington, va
Arlington, va Keeper of the Adeptus Arbites Flame
Seeing why Polls says no messages.
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2015/09/06 12:56:03
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Avatar 720
UK
UK Decrepit Dakkanaut
I have also been curious over the past 24 hours as to why it displayed no messages. I had simply chalked it up to legoburner moving in his trademark Mysterious Ways®.
Excerpt from "Seeress of Kell", Book Five of The Malloreon series by David Eddings.
My deviantART Profile - Pay No Attention To The Man Behind The Madness
"You need not fear us, unless you are a dark heart, a vile one who preys on the innocent; I promise, you can't hide forever in the empty darkness, for we will hunt you down like the animals you are, and pull you into the very bowels of hell." Iron - Within Temptation Mandorallen turned back toward the insolently sneering baron. 'My Lord,' The great knight said distantly, 'I find thy face apelike and thy form misshapen. Thy beard, moreover, is an offence against decency, resembling more closely the scabrous fur which doth decorate the hinder portion of a mongrel dog than a proper adornment for a human face. Is it possibly that thy mother, seized by some wild lechery, did dally at some time past with a randy goat?' - Mimbrate Knight Protector Mandorallen.Excerpt from "Seeress of Kell", Book Five of The Malloreon series by David Eddings."You need not fear us, unless you are a dark heart, a vile one who preys on the innocent; I promise, you can't hide forever in the empty darkness, for we will hunt you down like the animals you are, and pull you into the very bowels of hell." Iron - Within Temptation
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Buttery Commissar
[DCM]
In Town
In Town Bread for Battle!
Because the two uppermost topics were off point and moved to Off Topic?
Subject: Test, test this is a test
KaptinBadrukk
X
Horrific Hive Tyrant
I voted 42.
INSANE army lists still available!!!! Now being written in 8th edition format! I have Index Imperium 1, Index Imperium 2, Index Xenos 2, Codex Orks Codex Tyranids, Codex Blood Angels and Codex Space Marines!
PM me for an INSANE (100K+ points) if you desire.
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Iron_Captain
Somewhere... over the rainbow
Somewhere... over the rainbow Wrathful Warlord Titan Commander
KaptinBadrukk wrote:
I voted 42. I voted 42.
I always answer school tests I don't know with 42, which being the answer to life, the universe and everything, should automatically be correct
I wonder if my teachers ever get the reference. I always answer school tests I don't know with 42, which being the answer to life, the universe and everything, should automatically be correctI wonder if my teachers ever get the reference.
А сегодня, что для завтра сделал Я?
But today I don't feel like doing anything...
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Kid_Kyoto
[MOD]
Arlington, va
Arlington, va Keeper of the Adeptus Arbites Flame
So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right.
Subject: Re:Test, test this is a test
ZergSmasher
A Protoss colony world
A Protoss colony world Dark Angels Librarian with Book of Secrets
FTW !!! Cool, 42 is winning. Hitchhiker's Guide!!!
Dark Angels: ~11200 | Space Marines (Blood Ravens and others): ~1300 | Space Wolves: ~3400
Inquisition: ~300 | Officio Assassinorum: ~500 | Imperial Knights: ~800 | Talons of the Emperor: ~500
Tau Empire: ~6200 | Chaos Space Marines (various legions): ~8100 | Death Guard: ~2800 | Chaos Daemons (all types): ~2100
Check out my P&M Blogs: Stormsurge blog |
Mr_Rose wrote:
Who doesn't love crazy mutant squawk-puppies? Eh? Nobody, that's who. Who doesn't love crazy mutant squawk-puppies? Eh? Nobody, that's who. My armies (re-counted and updated on 1/27/19, including modeled wargear options):Dark Angels:~11200 | Space Marines (Blood Ravens and others):~1300 | Space Wolves:~3400Inquisition:~300 | Officio Assassinorum:~500 | Imperial Knights:~800 | Talons of the Emperor:~500Tau Empire:~6200 | Chaos Space Marines (various legions):~8100 | Death Guard:~2800 | Chaos Daemons (all types):~2100Check out my P&M Blogs: ZergSmasher's P&M Blog Imperial Knights blog | Total models painted in 2018: 134 | Total models painted in 2019: 6 | Current main painting project: Taddeus the Purifier and Pious Vorne
Subject: Test, test this is a test
KaptinBadrukk
X
Horrific Hive Tyrant
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right. So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right.
14% now. Who is Darkwolf? 14% now. Who is Darkwolf?
INSANE army lists still available!!!! Now being written in 8th edition format! I have Index Imperium 1, Index Imperium 2, Index Xenos 2, Codex Orks Codex Tyranids, Codex Blood Angels and Codex Space Marines!
PM me for an INSANE (100K+ points) if you desire.
Subject: Re:Test, test this is a test
GraywarTS
Spawn of Chaos
Topsham, Maine, USA
Age of Sigmar is terrible!!!
The people have spoken; their hate of AOS out weighs their love of Hitchhikers Guild to the Galaxy.
Proof!Age of Sigmar is terrible!!!The people have spoken; their hate ofout weighs their love of Hitchhikers Guild to the Galaxy.
3k+
3k+
1k+
2k+
3k+
"There's a sucker born every minute" - P.T.Barnum 3k+3k+1k+2k+3k+"There's a sucker born every minute" - P.T.Barnum
Subject: Re:Test, test this is a test
sing your life
The new Sick Man of Europe
The new Sick Man of Europe Paranoid Sector Lord
ZergSmasher wrote:
Cool, 42 is winning. Hitchhiker's Guide FTW !!! Cool, 42 is winning. Hitchhiker's Guide!!!
NO!!!!! Hating AOS is love, hating AOS is life!!!! NO!!!!! Hatingis love, hatingis life!!!!
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2015/08/29 15:43:39 DC:90+S+G++MB++I--Pww211+D++A++/fWD390R++T(F)DM+
Boggy Man: 10 weird tricks Single Mom discovered turn you into Sigmarine with perfect abs! Nagash hates her!
Feeder: (the gospel according to)Paul is just ancient fanfic that got retconned into canon somehow.
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Kid_Kyoto
[MOD]
Arlington, va
Arlington, va Keeper of the Adeptus Arbites Flame
KaptinBadrukk wrote:
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right. So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right.
14% now. Who is Darkwolf? 14% now. Who is Darkwolf?
Old school Dakka and OT poser.
What ever happened to him? Old school Dakka andposer.What ever happened to him?
Subject: Test, test this is a test
grumpy_newenglander
Regular Dakkanaut
NO.
Subject: Test, test this is a test
KaptinBadrukk
X
Horrific Hive Tyrant
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
KaptinBadrukk wrote:
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right. So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right.
14% now. Who is Darkwolf? 14% now. Who is Darkwolf?
Old school Dakka and OT poser.
What ever happened to him? Old school Dakka andposer.What ever happened to him?
Bigger question right now: Whatever happened to Bigger question right now: Whatever happened to CREEEEEEEEED
INSANE army lists still available!!!! Now being written in 8th edition format! I have Index Imperium 1, Index Imperium 2, Index Xenos 2, Codex Orks Codex Tyranids, Codex Blood Angels and Codex Space Marines!
PM me for an INSANE (100K+ points) if you desire.
Subject: Test, test this is a test
Hordini
[DCM]
The Northwest Territory
The Northwest Territory The Last Czarnian
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
KaptinBadrukk wrote:
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right. So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right.
14% now. Who is Darkwolf? 14% now. Who is Darkwolf?
Old school Dakka and OT poser.
What ever happened to him? Old school Dakka andposer.What ever happened to him?
I think he got plaided. I think he got plaided.
Subject: Test, test this is a test
sing your life
The new Sick Man of Europe
The new Sick Man of Europe Paranoid Sector Lord
Hordini wrote:
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
KaptinBadrukk wrote:
Kid_Kyoto wrote:
So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right. So 9% of the board is actually Darkwolf. Sounds about right.
14% now. Who is Darkwolf? 14% now. Who is Darkwolf?
Old school Dakka and OT poser.
What ever happened to him? Old school Dakka andposer.What ever happened to him?
I think he got plaided. I think he got plaided.
Plaided? Plaided?
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2015/09/12 18:12:22 DC:90+S+G++MB++I--Pww211+D++A++/fWD390R++T(F)DM+
Boggy Man: 10 weird tricks Single Mom discovered turn you into Sigmarine with perfect abs! Nagash hates her!
Feeder: (the gospel according to)Paul is just ancient fanfic that got retconned into canon somehow.
The World's Longest Mountain Bike Route is About to Get Longer
In the July 1994 issue of Adventure Cyclist magazine, Adventure Cycling's Assistant Director Mac McCoy asked readers, “Ready for the longest mountain bike trail in the world?”
He had just completed the Herculean task of convincing his boss Gary MacFadden and Gary's bosses, Adventure Cycling's board members, to let him cut loose from the office and hit the road to map our first off-pavement route: 2,493 miles of dirt backroads from Canada to Mexico along the Continental Divide.
But even after the board members gave the green light, Mac wondered, “What if it turns out nobody wants to ride the thing? What if dirtlubbers ask ‘Where's the singletrack?' and roadies wonder ‘Where's the pavement?'”
Nearly twenty years later, the answer is clear. Bike travelers were ready! In the years since Mac mapped the route, thousands of cyclists — from endurance athletes to families — have packed their bags and tested their tires on the Great Divide Mountain Bike Route.
Now, nearing its 20th anniversary, the Great Divide Mountain Bike Route (GDMBR) is ready for an overhaul and an extension. With your support, we're taking what we've learned over twenty years and tweaking the maps to give you the best riding experience possible. We're improving the look and organization of the maps, making them easier to read, and adding directions for northbound riders. Plus, we're mapping almost 400 new miles to both connect with Jasper National Park and create a spur into our headquarters in Missoula. But we need your support to make it a reality.
And when you donate today, a group of enthusiastic members will double your donation.
“But I don't do dirt.” you say. “I'm a road rider.” So was Matt Cohn, one of the board members Mac had to convince in the early 90s. Matt later wrote Mac in 2010 and said:
“This year, we will finish the last segment of the ride, Pie Town to Antelope Wells. I think our group is setting a new record for the longest time to complete the trail ... twelve years to be exact. The route has been amazing and the riding is unforgettable. Frankly, it has ruined me for road touring.”
The Great Divide Mountain Bike Route is for all skill levels of cyclists. While endurance icons like Jay Petervary and Lael Wilcox test their mettle by racing the GDMBR, families like the Todds, Mike, Debbie, and six kids age 10–17, make the most of their summer vacation by riding the route. Last year, composer Payton MacDonald filmed his documentary Sonic Divide while riding the route and playing music by various composers. Cricket Butler built her dream business, The Whitefish Bike Retreat, near the route. And these are just a few of the people our members have helped to create rich life experiences — because our members supported the dream of a long distance mountain bike route.
When you donate, you help create more life-changing adventure. Your support revitalizes communities along the route and helps make people's dreams become reality.
Can we count on you to be part of making this iconic route longer and better?
Your donation will go toward extending and improving the Great Divide Mountain Bike Route AND mapping the first year-round, off-pavement route in Arkansas. That's 1,400 new miles in Arkansas and almost 400 new miles along the Great Divide Mountain Bike Route.
After you donate, check out Mac's blog post from 2013 about the highs and lows while researching the route, including the time he tried to drown the research Jeep during a creek crossing.
Mac McCoy (Left) And this is where I saw the creek and thought, “It can't be that deep.”
Please leave us a note in the comments and tell us about your favorite off-pavement place to ride.
Top photo Chuck Haney | Photo 2,3 Aaron Teasdale
__
The Thomas Stevens Fan Club is brought to you by the development team, Annette, April, and Michelle. They share an office with a classic Parisian Metropole bicycle. Want to know more about how you can support Adventure Cycling and all the amazing work they do? Call them at 406-532-2760 or email them at development@adventurecycling.org
FINCH, ONT.—Controversy over the privatization of Hydro One followed Premier Kathleen Wynne to the International Plowing Match, where opposition rivals drew applause Tuesday for urging her to back down on the sale. Wynne was on the main stage for the opening ceremonies of the annual rural showcase when Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown and his NDP counterpart Andrea Horwath separately blasted the government over Hydro One and electricity prices, which they fear will go up because of the deal.
A sizable crowd participates in the International Plowing Match in Finch, Ont., on Tuesday, which was attended by Premier Kathleen Wynne, Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath and Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Wynne later defended it, saying the $9 billion from selling a 60-per-cent stake in the utility will raise money for transit and infrastructure, including “roads and bridges in rural Ontario,” and debt reduction. “I understand there will continue to be a discussion about that,” Wynne told reporters gathered in a tent city for the match outside Finch, a small farming community nestled amid rolling fields north of Cornwall.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne takes part in a plowing competition during the International Plowing Match in Finch, Ontario on Tuesday. ( Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press )
Article Continued Below
The partial sale will inject private-sector discipline and innovation to Hydro One, the Liberal government contends, making it more profitable and making up for dividends that will be shared with private investors, none of whom will hold more than a 10-per-cent stake. “We want Hydro One to be the best company that it can be,” Wynne added, noting the government will retain control and refusing to comment on what directions the new board might take on acquisitions and growth. Horwath said Wynne and the Liberals are “talking out of both sides of their mouth” by insisting the government will be the controlling shareholder and yet give the company free rein. “Ontarians would be very pleased if Kathleen Wynne climbed down and backed away from this,” Horwath said in an interview as tractors rolled past and farmers window-shopped for new combines and other machinery behind her on a picture-perfect sunny day.
Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said Wynne and the Liberals are “talking out of both sides of their mouth.” ( Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press )
Before heading off to a furrow-plowing competition for the party leaders — his first time — Brown cited recent public opinion polls ‎showing about 80 per cent of people surveyed concerned about the sale of an important public asset. “I'm hopeful that she'll listen. It's unusual when you see such a consensus . . . that there's such an overwhelming opposition,” he told the Star.
“If the premier changed her opinion and backed off on the fire sale, I would applaud her for doing the right thing.” Green party Leader Mike Schreiner urged the major parties to do more to protect prime farmland, which he said is disappearing at the rate of 350 acres daily. “We can't eat subdivisions, quarries, highways or pipelines.”
Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown takes part in a plowing competition during the International Plowing Match in Finch, Ont., on Tuesday. Before getting behind the wheel, Brown blasted Premier Kathleen Wynne over the privatization of Hydro One, citing recent public opinion polls that show about 80 per cent of people surveyed concerned about the sale of an important public asset. ( Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press )
Read more about:
Woman fired over medical marijuana to get day in high court
Should an employee's use of medical marijuana - at home, with no side effects on the job - be exempt from workplace drug-use policies?
That's one of the questions judges and lawmakers will be wrestling with next month, when the state Supreme Court hears a case of a woman fired for using the drug, and the Legislature takes up a bill expanding protections in the state's medical marijuana law.
The case before the court involves a woman suing her former employer, after she failed a drug test and was fired from a customer-service job in Bremerton. The woman, using "Jane Roe" as a pseudonym in court records, was using marijuana prescribed by her doctor for debilitating migraines.
The woman is using the alias because medical marijuana use remains illegal under federal law.
The Court of Appeals ruled against the woman last year, saying the state's medical marijuana law protects patients only from criminal prosecutions, not in employment disputes.
But in petitioning the high court for review, the woman's attorney argued that the law -- passed by voters in 1998 as Initiative 682 -- allowed for broader protections. Michael Subit wrote that voters and lawmakers who enacted the Medical Use of Marijuana Act would be "flabbergasted if qualified patients could lose their jobs simply for using medical marijuana at home in accordance with the Act."
Subit's client had been hired in 2006 by Colorardo-based TeleTech Customer Care Management to do customer service via phone and emails at a Bremerton office. The company had a drug-test policy; the woman said she would fail it and offered to provide medical documentation for her marijuana use.
She took the test, started work, and was fired about a week later, because she tested positive for cannabis.
"She used marijuana in such small doses that it had no side effects," Subit wrote. "It did not negatively affect her ability to work or take care of her children." He said the woman never used it on the job, or in front of her kids, and was not impaired at work.
Subit also wrote that the woman had suffered from chronic pain, nausea, blurred vision and light sensitivity for years, and it wasn't until her doctor prescribed marijuana that her symptoms subsided.
What did voters want with medical marijuana law?
The issue hinges on the intent of the law, which says "humanitarian compassion" makes allowing medical marijuana necessary, and that patients with terminal or debilitating illnesses "shall not be penalized in any manner, or denied any right or privilege."
The Court of Appeals said the "average informed voter" would understand that the law addresses only one subject - that of criminal prosecutions. Subit said most people would think employment is considered a privilege.
He also said the law balances the rights of patients with interests of the workplace, by not requiring employers to allow on-site marijuana use.
On Monday, the American Civil Liberties Union of Washington filed a brief (PDF) in support of the woman, saying she should be treated the same way as any other worker who takes prescribed medication for a debilitating condition.
"Patients suffering from terminal and debilitating medical conditions shouldn't be forced to choose between a job and a therapy that helps them," said Alison Holcomb, ACLU's drug policy director.
The court is expected to hear oral arguments on Jan. 18.
Next month, Sen. Jeanne Kohl-Welles is expected to introduce a bill (PDF)clarifying the state's medical marijuana law. The bill seeks to ban an employer from firing - or refusing to hire - a marijuana patient, solely because of off-site use of the drug. Exceptions would include if the workplace involves physically hazardous or public safety duties.
The bill would also provide protections in housing and parenting plans. It would prohibit medical marijuana use from being a factor in refusing housing or restricting parental rights.
NORTH SYRACUSE, N.Y. -- A North Syracuse school district parent is outraged after her 8-year-old daughter told her about a "slave and slave master" game that she played in her physical education class.
Talisha Fernandez, of Clay, said her daughter told her that on Friday third-graders, who played slaves, had to navigate through an obstacle course, which was said to represent the Underground Railroad. The goal of the game was to not get caught by the slave master, who was played by the gym teacher.
Fernandez's daughter attends KWS Bear Road Elementary in the North Syracuse Central School District.
North Syracuse Superintendent Annette Speach said this morning she was unaware of the game until she was contacted by Syracuse.com. She said she's never heard any complaints about the game.
After looking into the matter, Speach said this morning that the activity was "inappropriate and insensitive and has been discontinued."
The activity was based around a piece of literature that was shared with the third grade class in physical education illustrating the historical events of the Underground Railroad, Speach said. A physical activity was associated with the book in which children were expected to navigate the obstacle course to reach a "safe house."
Bear Road Principal Matthew Motala said Monday that he's never received any complaints about the game in the past. He said the goal was to teach about the Underground Railroad. February was Black History Month.
Syracuse University Prof. George Theoharis, an education expert, said role playing and simulation games are a powerful learning tool in education. However, Theoharis said simulations, games or role playing should not be used to teach topics such as slavery, the Holocaust, wars or other horrific topics.
Theoharis, who is the chair of the department of teaching and leadership at SU's School of Education, said these activities for heavy emotional or horrific topics is controversial.
"We underestimate the emotional toll these games have on certain students," Theoharis said.
In the game, according to Fernandez's daughter, the slave master had a big stick that he used to hit the floor with. If the slave master caught you, you had to sit in the middle of the gym. Fernandez's daughter, who is black, was caught. She is one of the only black students in the class.
"My child is emotionally upset, distraught and just so afraid to be in trouble by the school officials or treated differently now that she has informed us on all this," Fernandez said.
Fernandez and her husband, U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Antonio Fernandez, moved to the area with their six children in October 2015 when Antonio was stationed at Fort Drum. The couple has three children in the North Syracuse school district.
Antonio Fernandez called the Bear Road principal on Friday afternoon. Motala confirmed the conversation on Monday and said he was going to speak to the gym teachers about the game this week.
Motala said the school has played the game for several years and he was surprised to hear that the Fernandez family was upset.
Talisha Fernandez said Monday that she wanted the school to discontinue the use of the game.
"This does not celebrate black history," she said. "I can think of 100 other ways to honor black history. This is insensitive and disrespectful."
Talisha Fernandez said she believes the teachers involved owe all of the students and parents an apology.
"We have great pride in ourselves in understanding who we are," Talisha Fernandez said of her black heritage. "I believe this was the wrong way to go about paying tribute to Black History Month."
Sarah Moses covers the northern suburbs of Onondaga County and Oswego
County. Contact Sarah at smoses@syracuse.com or 470-2298. Follow @SarahMoses315
A new comic I had been working on in these days!I hope you will like it! ^^Also, I wanted to thank: Rated PonyStar , my dear friend - he proofreaded this page; Mr-Blitz and JDRIZZLE : they had to proofread the page, but because of some reasons I had to change my mind. Don't worry guys, I appreciate your help and I will not forget it: did I tell you I was going to mention you here? Well, even if I couldn't use your corrections, you still deserve a mention here, because of your infinite kindness! ^_^ nice2becrushed for his support, he's another good friend of mine!Plus, might notice that I was somehow... inspired by his series, that I've always enjoyed a lot, when drawing those ponies in the background in some of the panels!Also, I had told about the fact I was working on a comic, so I think he might be interested in knowing that I've completed it: I'm sorry if the mention disturbs you, thoughSo... , thank you a lot! ^__^
Update 12.40pm: A man has been arrested in Malaga in connection with the murder of Gary Hutch in Spain last year.
€23,000 in cash was seized, along with counterfeit documents relating to money laundering.
Pic: Solarpix
Gardaí, assisted by Spanish police, also launched a series of raids in six areas of Dublin this morning.
The Tánaiste has praised the Gardaí for their relentless pursuit of gangland criminals.
“I am determined that Irish criminals will not escape justice by fleeing the jurisdiction, or by seeking to conduct their noxious activities from elsewhere,” she said.
“There will be no let-up in the pressure we are bringing to bear on these people.”
Briefing the media this afternoon, Detective Superintendent Tony Howard said: "This morning a number of Gardaí were present with members of La Guardia Civil in Malaga in Spain.
Garda and Guardia Civil officers in Dublin. Picture: Garda Press Office
"They carried out a number of searches in Spain and one person has been arrested in relation to the homocide of Gary Hutch in Spain in 2015."
Earlier: A number of raids were carried out this morning across Dublin city and country to gather evidence against individuals engaged in serious organised crime.
It has been reported the raids are targeting the Kinahan gang.
Gardaí from the Garda National Drugs and Organised Crime Bureau, along with staff from the Criminal Assets Bureau carried out the seaches.
The raids began at 6.30am this morning and are currently ongoing.
They are searching various properties in Tallaght, Clondalkin, Crumlin, and other parts of Dublin.
The operation is the culmination of significant investigative activity to date and is supported and assisted by the Spanish police La Guardia Civil.
The presence of Spanish Police Officers in Dublin is key –they've been helping Gardaí investigating the Kinahan Hutch feud for a number of months.
The Kinahans are based in the Costa del Sol – where at least two murders linked to the feud have taken place.
This morning's searches are in a bid to gather evidence that would enable them to prosecute those involved in, organised crime.
It's understood raids are taking place in Spain in tandem with this operation this morning.
Through a one-way mirror, journalists observe a focus group of Donald Trump supporters in Alexandria, Va., on Wednesday. The group was organized by political consultant and pollster Frank Luntz. (J. Lawler Duggan/for The Washington Post)
It was the most brutal attack ad run against Donald Trump, and it was tanking. Twenty-nine voters, all of whom supported or used to support Trump, watched retired Air Force Col. Tom Moe not so subtly compare the Republican front-runner to Adolf Hitler.
“You might not care if Donald Trump says he's going to round up all the Hispanic immigrants, because you're not one,” Moe said onscreen. “You might not care if Donald Trump wants to suppress journalists, because you're not one. But think about this: If he keeps going, and he actually becomes president, he might just get around to you.”
Frank Luntz, the Republican media consultant who had put together this focus group, watched the dials turn down. On a scale of zero to 100, the ad's effectiveness never got above 20. It did not help that the ad was produced for Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio), a presidential candidate no one in the group supported.
“It was too far over the top,” one voter said.
“They use every trick in the book to make him look like the ultimate bad guy,” said another.
“It tried to make Trump look like the new Mussolini,” said one more disgusted voter. “I mean, that ain't gonna happen.”
The presidential campaign for Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio) put out a new ad, lashing out directly at fellow Republican candidate Donald Trump with a harsher tone than any other candidate has taken thus far. (John Kasich)
Next up was a lengthy compilation of Trump's attacks on his fellow Republicans, over a pumping, distracting drumbeat. “He sweats more than any young person I've ever seen,” Trump said of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.). Carly Fiorina talked like a “robot.” Ben Carson was “pathological.” Jeb Bush had “no money” and was “meeting with Mommy and Daddy” for support.
The dials turned higher — because the audience was laughing along with Trump.
Tiffany Alm, 43, who moved to the Washington area from Wisconsin, responds to a question. (J. Lawler Duggan/for The Washington Post)
“It was like his greatest hits,” said Tiffany Alm, 43, a stay-at-home mom who had moved to the D.C. area from Wisconsin. “It's Donald Trump, and it's entertaining.”
Over three hours Wednesday in Alexandria, Luntz lobbed dozens of Trump-seeking missiles. All 29 in the group had voted for Mitt Romney in 2012. All either supported Trump or had supported him earlier in the year. To Luntz's amazement, hearing negative information about the candidate made the voters, only a few of whom gave their full names to the press, hug the candidate tighter.
“Normally, if I did this for a campaign, I'd have destroyed the candidate by this point,” Luntz told a group of reporters when the session ended. “After three hours of showing that stuff?”
With only two exceptions, the three hours of messaging, venting and friendly arguments revealed the roots of Trump's support. Participants derided the mainstream media, accusing reporters of covering snippets of Trump quotes when the full context would have validated him. They cited news sources they trusted — Breitbart News was one example — to refute what they were being told.
“You know what Trump does?” said Teresa Collier, a 65-year-old retiree. “He says something completely crazy, and I'm like, ‘Oh, my God!' Then he dials back and starts explaining it and saying how he'd do it, and it makes sense.”
[It's not chaos. It's Donald Trump's campaign strategy.]
Only eight members of the group disagreed with Trump's proposal for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. One of the holdouts said he was hosting an exchange student from Saudi Arabia and did business in that country but could disagree with Trump about Muslims and vote for him anyway.
This voter listened as supporters of the plan explained that the media had lied about it, an argument furthered this week on conservative talk radio. As the night went on, the holdout said he had become more likely to back Trump.
Members of the focus group respond to questions. (J. Lawler Duggan/for The Washington Post)
None in the group wanted to find themselves on the side of the mainstream media — or of President Obama. When Luntz asked participants to sum him up in a word or phrase, “socialist” and “Jimmy Carter” tumbled forth until one man raised the ante.
“I wouldn't urinate on him if he was on fire,” he said.
“That's the meanest thing I've ever heard,” Luntz said.
Frank Lanzillo, a 59-year-old retired Marine, took that as a cue to explain just how anti-American the president really is.
“When you bend down to the Saudis, take your shoes off, put your hand on a Koran and then the Bible when you're sworn in?” Lanzillo said. “He took his flag pin off. I'm a Marine and former deputy sheriff. He took that off, he was in the toilet to me. I would not only not piss on him if he was on fire — I'd throw gas on him.”
(The president briefly chose not to wear a flag pin during the 2008 campaign; he was not sworn in on a Koran.)
Asked whether the president was a Christian, only three of the 29 participants raised their hands. Asked whether he was born in the United States, eight said no. When Luntz returned to policy, mistrust of the president informed the exclamations of trust in Trump.
“Donald Trump says that President Obama wants to allow 250,000 Syrian refugees to come into the country,” Luntz said. “Who thinks that is mostly true?”
Nearly every hand shot up.
“Do you know that Obama has said he wants only 10,000 refugees?” Luntz asked.
“What's in his heart?” asked one participant.
“He'd let as many in as possible,” insisted another.
“It happens again and again,” said Jeff Scrima, 38, who moved to the D.C. area after serving as mayor of Waukesha, Wis. “The State Department says one thing, Obama says something else, and they change the policy to match him.”
To Scrima and almost everyone else in the room, most criticisms of Trump broke down when they stopped to consider the source. Trump had warned that political correctness was killing Americans. The shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., had proved him right. One member of the group recalled angrily how the Texas administrators who had suspended a Muslim boy for bringing a strange-looking clock to school were demonized for simply being diligent. Tiffany Alm shared what her family had heard on vacation in Paris, right after the terrorism of Nov. 13.
“The news over there, the newspapers, they were interviewing Muslims,” Alm said. “And they were saying they don't like America, they don't like France, but they're there. They say they won't become terrorists, but they hate America and France and Western culture.”
Heads were nodding around the room. “I've read the Koran,” said Jeff Kelly, 57. “It says what it's purported to say. I know it says you come across a non-Muslim, you kill him or convert him.”
Luntz moved on to questions about Trump's claim that “thousands of Muslims” had “cheered the collapse of the World Trade Center.” Almost no one doubted Trump; more than a few people wondered why this was controversial. The youngest member of the group wondered why he never saw Muslims in the streets protesting terrorism. Kelly said that there was fresh audio evidence of Muslims celebrating the San Bernardino shooting, though he could not immediately recall the source.
All that really mattered was that the Republican establishment had failed, badly, and that Trump was offering a way out. Asked whom they would back in a three-way election with Rubio, Hillary Clinton and an independent Trump on the ballot, just 10 said they would support the Republican nominee. When Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) was swapped into the question, a bare majority — 15 — said they would stick with the party.
“The Republican establishment just had a heart attack,” Luntz said.
Political consultant and pollster Frank Luntz poses questions to the group. (J. Lawler Duggan/for The Washington Post)
Nothing seemed to budge the Trump voters. Almost all of them agreed that Clinton had committed crimes. Almost all agreed that the last Republican president had been wrong to invade Iraq in 2003. Finally, Luntz asked for a thought experiment — to imagine incontrovertible proof that Clinton would win if Trump split the vote. Only then did the group agree to vote Republican over Trump.
“In that scenario, sure,” said a middle-aged participant named Michael. “But that won't happen. Trump would win.”
That confidence only grew as Trump's alleged gaffes and mistakes were laid out. At 6:30 p.m., when the session began, all 29 participants were asked to rate their likelihood of voting for Trump, and just 10 people said they were at nine or 10. After one hour of mostly negative questions about Trump, six more people joined that confident group.
“I've been talking about negatives, and you're up on him!” said an astounded Luntz. “That's the story of Trump's poll numbers.”
Almost nothing was changing that picture. The group heard Trump insist that the wives of the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers had been warned in advance and sent home. They saw Trump mock a New York Times reporter with a disability who had written about reports of post-Sept. 11 celebrations. Some people winced; more of them rationalized what Trump had been saying. “The real issue is that the reporter retracted his story after 14 years,” Scrima said.
(The reporter, Serge Kovaleski, then with The Washington Post, never retracted his article describing reports of a tailgate-style party of Muslims after 9/11. The article never described thousands of Muslims celebrating, and when interviewed about the article this year Kovaleski said he did not recall any reports describing numbers of that magnitude.)
In three hours, the only issue that moved voters against Trump was one that evoked memories of the 2012 election. The group was shown an ad in which contractors blamed Trump for the loss of their jobs.
That, one man said, made Trump look less electable. He was downgrading the likelihood of his own Trump vote — from nine out of 10 to just eight.
“I can't wait for Iowa, because I now think Ted Cruz will win Iowa,” Luntz said. “That will be a rallying cry. Losing there might actually help Trump win New Hampshire.”
1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × People and groups Donald Trump has denounced View Photos Not one to back down easily from controversial statements, the Republican presidential candidate continues to add to the list of people he condemns. Caption Not one to back down easily from controversial statements, the Republican presidential candidate continues to add to the list of people he condemns. Mitt Romney After being attacked as a “fraud” by Mitt Romney, Donald Trump slammed him as a “choke artist” and “failed candidate” who begged for Trump's endorsement during his 2012 presidential bid. Tom Smart/EPA Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Correction: An earlier version of this article misspelled Serge Kovaleski's name.
UPDATE: After reporting a 346% increase in Q2 operating income today in Tokyo, Sony Corp shares on the New York Stock Exchange set a new 52-week high, up more than 14% to $44.50 in mid-day trading.
PREVIOUS, 12:07 AM PT: Spider-Man: Homecoming helped swing Sony Pictures Entertainment operating income to $68.1M (7.7B yen) for the 2nd quarter ended September 30. That's a 140% year-on-year increase on a local currency basis. The boost in the division's fortunes was expected with the Jon Watts-helmed reboot currently the No. 4 film of 2017 worldwide at $880M ($334M domestic/$546M international box office). Last year's similar period generated a $32M profit. Revenues in the film unit for Q2 this year grew to $2.16B.
Overall, Sony Corp revenue saw a 22.1% increase to $18.2B versus the same quarter of 2016. That frame had seen a 10.8% drop. Operating income was up 346.4% to $1.8B. On the results, Sony increased its full-year profit forecast to $5.57B (from 500B yen to 630B yen). If it hits the figure, that would top the previous 526B yen record set in March 1998 during the early PlayStation years and amid the box office success of Men In Black. The new outlook exceeded estimates of 26 analysts surveyed in a Thomson Reuters Starmine poll.
In Games, there was a 25% jump in sales on a constant currency basis to $3.8B (433.2B yen) and a profit surge of 188.3% to $485M (54.8B yen). The company credits increased sales of PlayStation 4 software and hardware.
Pictures also was boosted by significantly higher advertising and subscription revenues from India's TEN Sports Network, which SPE acquired in February, as well as from SPE's other networks in that market. The full-year forecast in the Pictures division is flat at $345M (39B yen). Among upcoming titles through March 2018 are Dwayne Johnson-starrer Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle, the animated Peter Rabbit and Albert Hughes' Alpha.
TRIPOLI, March 26 (Reuters) - A weeping Libyan woman made a desperate plea for help on Saturday, slipping into a Tripoli hotel full of foreign journalists to show bruises and scars she said had been inflicted on her by Muammar Gaddafi's militiamen.
As reporters gathered to hear her story, security guards grabbed the woman, bundled her into a car and drove her away following a brawl in which several journalists were beaten.
The woman, Eman al-Obaidi, said she was arrested at a checkpoint in Tripoli because she is from the city of Benghazi, the bastion of a rebel insurgency against Gaddafi's rule.
“They swore at me and they filmed me. I was alone. There was whiskey. I was tied up,” she said, weeping and stretching out her arms to show scars.
Her face was heavily bruised and her upper right thigh had blood on it. “They peed on me. They violated my honour,” said Obaid.
Obaidi, wearing a loose black coat and slippers, said she had been raped by 15 men and held for two days at the checkpoint.
Her story could not be independently verified. It was unclear whether she had escaped or had been released.
Tripoli is Gaddafi's biggest stronghold, full of loyal militiamen who crack down on any form of dissent as Gaddafi's troops battle rebel forces in other parts of the country.
International human rights groups say Gaddafi loyalists have been enforcing their rule by arresting thousands of people. Libyan officials say they only arrest people linked to armed gangs or al Qaeda militants.
But as Western powers press on with air raids on Libya which they say are designed to protect civilians against Gaddafi's forces, people in the capital have become more outspoken in their criticism of the state.
“LOOK AT MY FACE”
“I am not scared of anything. I will be locked up immediately after this,” Obaidi shouted. “Look at my face. Look at my back. All of my body is bruised.”
One of the government minders attached to foreign journalists said the woman was drunk.
As she spoke, crying and shaking, hotel staff and plainclothes security men tried to push and intimidate her. She ran from one table to another in the hotel restaurant.
In the ensuing scuffle, one hotel staff member grabbed a table knife and yelled: “You traitor. How dare you say that?”
A man in civilian clothes took out a gun. A foreign journalist who was trying to get away from the scene with a camera on which he had recorded footage of the scuffle was thrown to the ground and kicked.
Obaidi was eventually forced into a garden outside the hotel. Journalists trying to get to her were pushed away.
“Leave me alone,” she shouted from the garden as one man tried to cover her mouth with his hand.
She was then dragged to a parking lot and bundled into a white car. Security men said they were taking her to hospital.
“They are taking me to jail,” she yelled, trying to resist the security guards. “They are taking me to jail.” (Writing by Maria Golovnina; editing by Andrew Roche)
Robbers pepper-spray sleeping baby
Durban - A Durban family were shocked when robbers pepper-sprayed their sleeping 4-month-old baby after invading their home during an armed robbery.
Brenda and Allen Lockyear and their two children had only recently returned to South Africa after living overseas for 11 years, reported the Daily News.
They were staying with Lockyear's parents, Pam and Des Naudé while their home was being renovated.
On Saturday night, while Allen Lockyear was away in the UK on business, robbers entered the home, pepper-spraying the aged family dog until it passed out.
One of the robbers walked up to Brenda Lockyear and pepper-sprayed the baby, who was asleep in his mother's arms.
The men also pointed a gun at the couple's other 3-year-old daughter.
“The baby was screaming with pain and he could not breathe. By this time two more suspects appeared. One of them cocked the gun and placed it to my husband's head. He too was repeatedly pepper-sprayed,” said Pam Naudé, the mother of Allen Lockyear.
“They had no right to harm him [the baby]. That makes me very angry. Crime is out of control. It is getting worse and worse every day. My son [Allen] came back because this is home,” Naudé said.
“These guys were professionals. They seemed to know the layout of the house and where all the dogs were kept. They ransacked the entire house.”
Goods worth more than R350 000 were stolen and packed into Naudé's car with the personalised licence plate, Gogo1 ZN.
Both children needed medical treatment.
Naudé said her son returned to South Africa the next day and said he would give his home country one more chance but should there be another incident, he will leave as soon as possible.
This quick but challenging bodyweight home workout routine is ideal for those times when you need to work out but can't get to the gym. This calisthenics workout hits the entire body and will give you new respect for bodyweight exercises!
The gym is a fantastic place for any fitness addict but at times it can be loud, crowded, and you may have to wait for ages to get the equipment you want. Sometimes it's great to be able to avoid all the mess and work out effectively with no equipment at all! The best thing is you can use these challenging bodyweight movements in the gym whilst you are waiting for someone to finish with the equipment you need!
Working out at home with bodyweight exercises or calisthenics can be very effective, and it's possible to work the entire body with just a few pieces of standard household furniture! There are times when it's just not possible to get to a gym, whether that's because you don't have a membership, or simply because you're on holiday!
This workout should take you 30-40 minutes to complete, and is guaranteed to leave your muscles sore the next day. Take short rest periods and perform every movement with slow and controlled form to get the most out of every exercise. When working out with your bodyweight, you can go to failure on most movements because there's no danger of dropping the weight on yourself!
The full workout is as follows and each exercise is explained in the following sections:
1 – Plyo bulgarian split squat – 3 x 15-20
2 – Table inverted row – 3 x failure
3 – Plyo pushup – 3 x failure (or standard pushup)
4 – Handstand pushup – 3 x failure (or high incline pushup)
5 – Bodyweight skull crusher – 3 x failure
6 – Inverted reverse grip curl – 3 x failure
7 – Chair dips – 3 x failure (or assisted dips)
8 – Glute/hamstring raise – 3 x failure
9a – Knee tuck – 3 x failure
9b – Russian twist – 3 x failure
9c – Flutter kick – 3 x failure
1. Legs – Plyo bulgarian split squat – 3 x 15-20
Put one leg up on a chair or couch and the other on the floor. Squat down and then explode upwards and jump off the ground with your front leg. Try to land softly and keep your core tight and your body upright. Repeat the movement until you complete 15-20 reps on each leg or until failure.
2. Back – Table inverted row – 3 x failure
Lie underneath a sturdy table and grab hold of each side. Pull your chest up towards the table then lower yourself down slowly. Try to keep your body straight throughout the movement. Repeat the movement until you reach failure. Alternatively, you can swap the table for two chairs propping up a broomstick.
3. Chest – Plyo pushup – 3 x failure (or standard pushup)
Position two chairs just wider than the width of your shoulders and set yourself up in a pushup position with your chest in line with the chairs. Explode upwards and jump your hands up onto the two chairs. Drop back down into the pushup position and try to land softly. Repeat the movement until you reach failure. If you cannot manage plyo pushups, you can do standard pushups instead.
4. Shoulders – Handstand pushup – 3 x failure (or high incline pushup)
Do a handstand up against a wall and balance yourself with your feet. Perform pushups whilst in the handstand position. Do as many as you can then push off the wall and land back on the ground. Alternatively, you can do high incline pushups with both knees-up on a chair. Bend at the hips to try and get your body as upright as possible to target the shoulders. Repeat the movement until you reach failure.
5. Triceps – Bodyweight skull crusher – 3 x failure
Lean against the edge of a table (push the table against the wall to stop it from moving). Lower your body down keeping your elbows low and tuck your head underneath the table. Push back upwards using your triceps and keep the position of your shoulders constant. Lower yourself down slowly and repeat until you reach failure.
6. Biceps – Inverted reverse grip curl – 3 x failure
Lie underneath a sturdy table and grab the edge with your hands about shoulder width apart. Perform a curling movement by bringing your head towards the edge of the table. This places the emphasis on the biceps rather than the back muscles. Lower yourself back to the starting position and repeat until failure.
7. Triceps/Chest – Chair dips – 3 x failure (or assisted dips)
Set up two chairs just wider than shoulder width apart with the backs facing one another. Grab onto the top of each chair and lower yourself down slowly, bending at the elbows. Push back up using your triceps to return to the starting position. Repeat the movement until failure.
8. Legs – Glute/hamstring raise – 3 x failure
Lie over a table with your legs hanging off one edge. Raise your legs upwards by squeezing your glutes and hamstrings. Try not to use your lower back and really concentrate on contracting the glutes. Hold the top position for a couple of seconds then lower your legs back to the starting position. Repeat until you reach failure
9a. Abs – Knee tuck – 3 x failure
Start by sitting on a chair, stool or even the floor with your hands behind you and legs stretched out in front of you with feet of the ground. Pull your legs inwards and crunch your body forwards using your abs. Return to the starting position and repeat until failure. Then go straight onto the next exercise.
9b. Abs – Russian twist – 3 x failure
Balance yourself on your butt with your hands together and feet raised off the floor. Twist from one side to the other whilst keeping your feet and body raised off the ground. Repeat the movement until failure then go straight onto the next exercise.
9c. Abs – Flutter kick – 3 x failure
Sit with your hands behind you and feet raised off the ground. Try to use a chair or stool if possible as it allows more range of motion. Kick your legs up and down alternately whilst keeping them straight. Repeat the movement until failure.
When Newsweek broke the story last week that the College Board had redone its controversial 2014 AP U.S. history (APUSH) framework, the headline blared: “Revised AP U.S. History Standards Will Emphasize American Exceptionalism.” That headline was quickly echoed across the web, with Slate promising an APUSH course “Juiced Up With More ‘American Exceptionalism,'” New York Magazine following suit, and Think Progress decrying the College Board's supposed “cave” to conservative pressure.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A more accurate headline would have been, “College Board Inserts Meaningless Mention of American Exceptionalism to Shut Conservatives Up: Liberals Go Nuts.”
Early coverage of the renewed APUSH controversy has been shallow. Nearly every story hypes Ben Carson's (obviously non-literal) claim that students who finish APUSH will be “ready to sign up for ISIS.” Very few stories mention the thoughtful critique of the 2014 APUSH framework signed by over 120 historians and teachers. Virtually none of the coverage so far has explored the revised framework to see if the supposed new emphasis on American exceptionalism actually corresponds to added content. It does not.
While the College Board has thrown in a mention of American exceptionalism to placate critics, the framework itself continues to focus on globalism, culture-mixing, gender identity, migration, environmentalism, and such. America's sense of principled mission, its unique blending of religious and democratic commitment, its characteristic emphasis on local government, the high cultural esteem in which economic enterprise is held, and America's distinctive respect for individual liberty, are neither stressed nor contrasted with other countries to highlight the American difference.
Advertisement
I'm going to fill out this point in a moment, but first I want to share a response to the revised APUSH framework I received from one of the signatories of the scholars' statement protesting the 2014 framework.
Advertisement
Larry Schweikart, a professor of history at the University of Dayton, is the author, with Michael Allen, of A Patriot's History of the United States (and more recently, a two-volume history of the modern world). A Patriot's History of the United States is by no means a simplistic “my country right or wrong” tract. It is instead a thoughtful history, acknowledging American flaws, yet written to counter what Schweikart and Allen believe to be the unbalanced negativism of most U.S. history textbooks. (Here are reviews from NR and the Wall Street Journal.) Schweikart sent me an extended critique of the just-released APUSH revisions (which he calls “non-revisons”), and summed up his take in the following two paragraphs:
The main gist of [the scholars' statement of protest against the 2014 APUSH framework] was that there was no recognition of American Exceptionalism in the original exam, and then, at a more micro level, hundreds of specific concerns about the lack of economic, military, technological history and traditional biography. As the Who used to sing, “Meet the new boss, same as the old boss.” To appreciate and convey American Exceptionalism, it would help to understand what it is. Michael Allen, then Dave Dougherty and I undertook this in our Patriot's History of the United States and both volumes of Patriot's History of the Modern World, to wit, American Exceptionalism rests on four pillars: 1) a Christian, mostly Protestant religious heritage; 2) a heritage of common law; 3) a free market; and 4) private property with titles and deeds. While #3 did not come along arguably until the nation was well-founded, the other three were at work in American colonial history as nowhere else in the world, not even England. There is no indication that the AP group understands — much less endorses — these pillars. The new iteration has some tip of the hat to a free economy, yet it (like everything else here) is entirely focused on “forces” and “trends” while completely ignoring the role of individual entrepreneurs and inventors. It only gets worse when the AP group gets to military history, where apparently wars “are fought” without soldiers, battles, heroes, or generals. There is not a single military leader, not a single Civil War or WWII battle mentioned (save D-Day). As I frequently tell classes, the battle of Antietam did more to shape American history than all the episodes of “I Love Lucy” put together. Yet the sound from AP? Crickets.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
With the minor proviso that the revised framework does give a quick nod to George Washington as a military leader, Schweikart is on point here.
Despite the addition of a theme on American national identity (where the College Board inserts a passing reference to American exceptionalism), there is little-to-no significant new content to bear out this theme. As before, the framework emphasizes culture mixing, migration, and global perspectives, rather than the distinctive features of American identity.
The 2014 APUSH framework, for example, was notorious for repeatedly contrasting the mixed racial unions of the Spanish colonies with the “rigid racial hierarchy” of the English colonies. That controversial cultural comparison is gone now, although a de-sexualized reference to Spanish colonial culture-mixing remains. Yet the more traditional and significant comparison between the democratic, localist, and individualist traditions of the British colonies, on the one hand, and Spanish colonial authoritarianism, on the other, is omitted.
As Schweikart points out, the revised framework neglects the influence of English common law, and the ways in which common law, with its peculiar accommodation to individual initiative and local variation, influenced the American character. I've already shown how reluctant the College Board is to highlight the overwhelming influence of European culture on the colonial experience. The same is true of early America's distinctively British heritage.
Advertisement
The traditional trinity for American students was Western Civilization, English history, and American history. Yet the APUSH framework remains reluctant to acknowledge the distinctive character, much less the achievements, of either Western, British, or American culture. A contrived theme on American national identity has been added as a way of placating critics. But in actual content, the framework remains focused on globalism, culture-mixing, and migration.
And as Schweikart points out, the concerns voiced in the scholars' statement about the demotion of military and diplomatic history continue to go unaddressed. The focus remains on globalism, gender, migration, environmentalism, and various group identities. As far as I can tell, the framework doesn't even mention the War of 1812, let alone any of its battles. That doesn't mean students will never hear about the War of 1812, but it does indicate the College Board's priorities. Religion is not entirely absent from the framework, but it certainly doesn't get the constant emphasis that fashionable topics like migration and group identity receive.
The most significant changes to the APUSH framework are the removal of controversial phrases, along with a general paring down of the content. The College Board is obviously straining to avoid controversy. As a result, the framework is now even thinner and more fragmentary than before. The College Board has kept the overall bias of the controversial 2014 edition, and simply removed the loudest proclamations of what that bias was.
Advertisement
In a vacuum, this paring back of content might make for a bit more teacher flexibility. Unfortunately, textbooks for AP U.S. history already run the gambit from liberal Democratic to downright leftist. And now that the textbooks have all been conformed to the controversial 2014 framework, they're even more left-leaning than they already were. So what will change as a result of the new framework? Essentially, nothing.
All that's really happened is the excision of the most controversial language. The basic approach is still the same. So there really is virtually nothing for the textbooks to revise.
In short, the changes to the College Board's APUSH framework are largely cosmetic. As I've been saying for some time, the only way to restore meaningful choice to AP testing is to create a competitive alternative to the College Board. Let's have some of the scholars who signed the statement of protest against the College Board's APUSH framework advising a company that takes a truly different approach to U.S. history. Then let's do the same for other AP topics like European history, U.S. Government and Politics, and World History. At that point, folks who can barely stand to hear the phrase “American exceptionalism” would truly have something to scream about—while the rest of us would have reason to smile.
Advertisement
Stanley Kurtz is a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center. He can be reached at comments.kurtz@nationalreview.com
This is really discouraging. We've entered the Age of Surveillance, and no matter who's in the White House, it will continue to get worse:
WASHINGTON — The Federal Bureau of Investigation is giving significant new powers to its roughly 14,000 agents, allowing them more leeway to search databases, go through household trash or use surveillance teams to scrutinize the lives of people who have attracted their attention.
The F.B.I. soon plans to issue a new edition of its manual, called the Domestic Investigations and Operations Guide, according to an official who has worked on the draft document and several others who have been briefed on its contents. The new rules add to several measures taken over the past decade to give agents more latitude as they search for signs of criminal or terrorist activity.
The F.B.I. recently briefed several privacy advocates about the coming changes. Among them, Michael German, a former F.B.I. agent who is now a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union, argued that it was unwise to further ease restrictions on agents' power to use potentially intrusive techniques, especially if they lacked a firm reason to suspect someone of wrongdoing.
“Claiming additional authorities to investigate people only further raises the potential for abuse,” Mr. German said, pointing to complaints about the bureau's surveillance of domestic political advocacy groups and mosques and to an inspector general's findings in 2007 that the F.B.I. had frequently misused “national security letters,” which allow agents to obtain information like phone records without a court order..
9-year-old from Marin County raises nearly $1,400 to buy police dog vests
Wyatt, 9, poses with San Francisco police officers and canines at a Cover Your K-9 event. Wyatt, 9, poses with San Francisco police officers and canines at a Cover Your K-9 event. Photo: Cover Your K-9 Photo: Cover Your K-9 Image 1 of / 118 Caption Close 9-year-old from Marin County raises nearly $1,400 to buy police dog vests 1 / 118 Back to Gallery
When 9-year-old Wyatt began raising money for police dogs, his parents expected he'd garner a couple hundred dollars. After a year of diligent fundraising, Wyatt handed nearly $1,400 to the Police & Working K-9 Foundation.
The cause is especially dear to the Marin County boy – his grandfather was in the San Francisco police dog unit in the late 1970s.
"Wyatt had recently talked to his grandfather about his experiences," explained Wyatt's mother, Shannon, who withheld her son's last name. She said Wyatt was especially shocked to learn that his grandfather's dog, Max, went to work with no protection, just a star around his neck.
Goaded further by an assignment from his third-grade teachers to "leave the world a better place" by the end of the school year, Wyatt set out raising funds. He began by selling handmade paracord bracelets, hosting frequent lemonade stands and collecting up the change he had been saving for a toy.
Wyatt's efforts culminated in the ultimate honor: becoming the 2017 Cover Your K-9 Ambassador.
Louise Tully, the co-founder and president of the foundation, says Wyatt's duties include showing up to fundraising events and "inspiring people to protect canine teams." Accordingly, Wyatt will make an appearance at his local Pet Food Express this weekend for its annual Cover Your K-9 fundraiser.
The 61 participating locations will donate all the proceeds from pet washes purchased on Saturday and Sunday to the canine cause.
Read Michelle Robertson's latest stories and send her news tips at mrobertson@sfchronicle.com.
Floyd Mayweather Wanna Train At His Boxing Gym? It'll Cost Ya ...
Floyd Mayweather: Wanna Train At His Gym? It'll Cost Ya ...
Exclusive Details
7:30 PM PT -- A rep for Floyd Mayweather wants to make it clear that the boxer has NO affiliation with "The Mayweather Experience."
The workouts do go down at Mayweather's gym ... but the rep says Floyd makes no money off the camp, and has absolutely no involvement in its operation.
Floyd Mayweather's private Vegas boxing gym has opened its doors for normies -- like you -- to train with Floyd's REAL boxing team ... but it ain't for the poor.
It's called "The Mayweather Experience" -- and for $650 a pop, regular people will get their hands wrapped by Floyd's guys, step into Floyd's ring and hit the mitts with Floyd's dad, Mayweather Sr.
It's essentially a 2-hour fantasy camp for Mayweather-aholics to see if they can make it through TBE's legendary grueling workouts.
Got rich friends? Mayweather's gym is offering training camp packages for groups -- a 6-some will run you $3,500.
We're told Floyd's team has been offering the workout for about a month so far and it's been going great.
Not too late for Conor to sign up ...
Reid and his caucus already nuked part of it in 2013, eliminating filibusters on presidential appointments (with the notable exception of Supreme Court appointments). The 60-vote requirement remains in place for SCOTUS nominations and of course for regular legislation. But what if it didn't? What if the new Democratic Senate majority discovers next year that they simply can't find 60 votes for President Clinton's new mass amnesty bill? Do they go thermonuclear and eliminate the legislative filibuster too, reducing the Senate to a simple-majority institution?
One of the arguments #NeverTrumpers used to counter the idea that a Trump defeat would turn the Supreme Court radically left-wing is the fact that the filibuster remains in place. Hillary can't go too radical with her nominees, the theory goes, because McConnell's caucus will certainly have more than 41 votes next year even if they're a minority. The flaw in that theory is that Chuck Schumer could always push the button and nuke the SCOTUS filibuster too. And, unlike with legislation, there's nothing the Republican House could do about it. Supreme Court confirmations are a matter for the Senate alone.
High stakes here. Weird that Harry Reid would want to cut a campaign commercial for Trump by reminding Republicans who are leery of him that they could lose everything if Hillary wins.
“Unless after this election there is a dramatic change to go back to the way it used to be, the Senate will have to evolve as it has in the past,” Mr. Reid told me, referring to a former tradition of rarely mounting filibusters. “But it will evolve with a majority vote determining stuff. It is going to happen.”… “What choice would Democrats have?” asked Mr. Reid, who lamented the inability of a stalemated Congress to take on big issues. “The country can't be run this way, where nothing gets done.”… “It's an odd thing to say for a guy who is leading multiple filibusters at the moment,” Don Stewart, a spokesman for Senator Mitch McConnell, the Kentucky Republican and majority leader, said about Mr. Reid's view. “Why doesn't he start next week by ending the Democrats' filibusters of anti-Zika funding, of veterans funding, of funding for our troops in the field?”
Reid's headed for retirement but this calculus is obviously swirling in incoming majority leader Chuck Schumer's head too. To nuke or not to nuke? Let's think it through. For starters, remember that the 2018 Senate map is very favorable to the GOP. Many more Democratic incumbents are up for reelection than Republicans are, and Republicans have had amazing success in the past two midterm elections. If Schumer gets rid of the filibuster, odds are good that he and Hillary will have only two years to take advantage. Odds are also good that Republicans will hold the House this year although, depending upon how poorly Trump does at the top of the ticket, their majority might be much reduced. Even so, that factors into Schumer's planning: Nuking the filibuster on legislation is worth doing only if Senate Republicans are the only obstacle to passing Hillary's agenda. (Again, as noted above, the SCOTUS filibuster is a different story.) There's no point in taking away Mitch McConnell's ability to block Hillary if Paul Ryan can step in and block her instead. If this November is a blue landslide and the House flips, then Schumer going thermonuclear is a serious option. If the House stays red, what's the point?
But there's another wrinkle. If Hillary wins, it'll mean 12 consecutive years of Democratic control of the White House. She'll enjoy the advantage of incumbency in 2020, but the fact remains that neither party has had two different presidents elected successively to multiple terms in more than 100 years. (FDR was elected four times followed by Harry Truman being elected, very narrowly, once.) If Schumer nukes the filibuster next year, he's staring at the possibility of a Republican majority in the Senate in 2019 and a Republican president in office in 2021 — and there's a fair chance the House will remain Republican into the next decade. He'll be setting a precedent by which Republicans might enjoy total control of government in the near-term with Democrats powerless in Congress to stop them. Is that worth two years of a filibuster-less Senate under President Hillary, knowing that Ryan and the House can block Democratic legislation anyway? Is it worth gambling that eliminating the filibuster for SCOTUS nominees won't come back to haunt the left in the next decade?
I don't think Schumer will roll the dice. The best argument you can make for doing it is that, if the left's worst fears come to pass and the right takes over the government in the next decade, the Republican Senate majority leader will surely nuke the SCOTUS filibuster himself. Dems might as well get a jump on them. But even then, Schumer has to consider how much grief he and Hillary will want to take from the left on Supreme Court nominations if he makes confirmation a matter of a simple majority vote. (Even to a liberal like him, the left can be a pain in the ass.) For instance, it's quite possible that President Hillary would re-nominate Merrick Garland to fill Scalia's vacancy if the filibuster remains intact, on the theory that only a center-left nominee stands a chance at winning 60 votes. With the filibuster gone, though, the left would demand a progressive radical on the Court. Would Hillary be willing to do that at the start of her term, knowing that Republicans will use it to galvanize midterm turnout? Would Schumer want the headache of shepherding Democratic Senate votes for some ultra-far-left Court nominee knowing how vulnerable his caucus is in 2018? Preserving the filibuster for strategic reasons is a way for him and Hillary to temper expectations among Berniebros and other progressives who want to drag the party towards a more Sanders-esque socialist orientation. Clinton and Schumer might support that on the merits, but electorally? I don't know.
Mr Assange, 41, was due to make his first public statement this afternoon, two months after he walked into the central London building seeking asylum.
Australian–born Mr Assange is facing extradition to Sweden, where he is accused of the sexual assault of two women, which he denies.
Mr Assange remains at the centre of a diplomatic row involving six countries on five continents, having skipped bail to avoid extradition.
He is currently in the Ecuadorean embassy in London, which, under the terms of the Vienna Convention, British police cannot enter.
His legal adviser Balthasar Garcon emerged from the Ecuadorian embassy in London and said: "I have spoken to Julian Assange and I can tell you he is in fighting spirits and he is thankful to the people of Ecuador and especially to the president for granting asylum.
"Julian Assange has always fought for truth and justice and has defended human rights and continues to do so.
"He demands that WikiLeaks and his own rights be respected.
"Julian Assange has instructed his lawyers to carry out a legal action in order to protect the rights of WikiLeaks, Julian himself and all those currently being investigated."
The first picture of Julian Assange in the embassy
Mr Asaange, a former computer hacker, was granted political asylum by Ecuador after its ministers agreed he was facing persecution and the possible death penalty in the United States.
But he remains holed up in the embassy in Knightsbridge, surrounded by police who want to arrest him for breaching his bail conditions.
He is due to make a "live" statement at 2pm on Sunday but faces arrest if he leaves his haven to make his public comments.
Wikileaks officials declined to disclose what he will say or where he will speak from.
Embassy workers could be seen opening windows to a balcony and were heard to be testing microphones, prompting speculation the statement will be made from the first floor.
Asked how the public statement will be made, a Wikileaks spokesman said: "I cannot go into details of that for security reasons."
But Mr Assange could be seized if it is deemed he has stepped outside the embassy's diplomatically protected area.
On Sunday a heavy police presence could be seen on the streets of Knightsbridge as dozens of officers, aided by helicopters overhead, sought to maintain calm.
A huge scrum of press had also gathered outside the embassy, behind Harrods, as the world's media waited for the Australian in the blazing sun.
Dozens of reporters, photographers and television crews were barricaded in metal pens directly opposite the building.
A small number of supporters had gathered alongside while scores of tourists and onlookers stopped to take pictures of the extraordinary scenes.
"It reminds me of Evita about to address the people," one onlooker remarked.
William Hague, the Foreign Secretary, said the Australian would not be allowed to fly to his newly adopted country and must answer rape allegations in Sweden.
The case has provoked a diplomatic stalemate between London, which has said it was "disappointed" by the long–awaited decision, and Quito, which has accused Britain of threatening to storm the building to seize Mr Assange.
The saga has been going on for almost two years, since Mr Assange was accused of raping and sexually assaulting two women on a visit to Sweden where he was promoting his whistle–blowing website.
He was arrested in London in 2010 but fought extradition to Sweden all the way to the Supreme Court, fearing it was a pretext for him to be sent to the US where the authorities were incensed by his release of thousands of confidential diplomatic cables.
After the court rejected his last appeal in June, Mr. Assange walked into the embassy and applied for political asylum.
When he refused to come out, he broke his bail terms, becoming liable for arrest.
The Wikileaks spokesman said the group wanted guarantees from the Swedish government that it would not extradite Mr Assange to the United States.
"It would be a good basis to negotiate a way to end this matter if the Swedish authorities would declare without reservation that Julian would never be extradited from Sweden to the USA," he said.
Ricardo Patino, Ecuador's foreign minister, has said Mr Assange fears "repression and intimidation" if sent to Sweden.
But Sweden's foreign minister has accused his Ecuadoran counterpart of living in a "fantasy world" for granting political asylum to Mr Assange.
Carl Bildt described suggestions by Ecuador that Mr Assange was subject to political persecution and might be sent by Sweden to face prosecution in the United States over the website's activities as "grave accusations".
The Golden State Warriors are far and away the best team in the NBA. They have a target on their back.
So why are other teams so eager to help them?
It's easy to stay ahead when your competition isn't creating much of an impediment.
Article continues below ...
The Warriors came into Thursday's NBA Draft with what should have been a conundrum. Pushing up on the luxury tax and in desperate need to land impact talent on cheap contracts, the NBA Draft was an important event for the Warriors. Only Golden State didn't have a pick in the first or second round at the start of the 60-pick night.
But Golden State did have $3.5 million in their pocket (thanks, NBA Finals hat sales!) and the confidence that they could exploit what might be the biggest market inefficiency in the modern NBA.
In the NBA, you can buy second-round draft picks for straight cash. Last year, the Warriors bought pick No. 38 from the Milwaukee Bucks and selected Patrick McCaw out of UNLV. You know Patrick McCaw, he was the rookie guard who played the sixth-most minutes in Game 5 of the NBA Finals.
Out of nothing but greenbacks, the Warriors were able to create an impact player. Alakazam!
And this year, the Chicago Bulls helped them pull off the same trick again.
The Bulls, in a final move of what might be the worst draft day in recent NBA history (and that's saying something), sold the No. 38 pick to the Warriors, who selected Oregon's Jordan Bell.
It's clear why the Warriors wanted to acquire Bell — he's an athletic, long, defensive-minded tweener big man who has picked up Draymond Green comparisons. The Warriors put a first-round grade on him, and he could prove to be a viable small-ball five off the bench his rookie year — the kind of player the Warriors might particularly need after this summer's free agency period. For $3.5 million, he's a bargain for the Warriors — he'll be on a bottom-barrel second-round contract but could have an immediate NBA role.
What's not clear is why the Bulls — or any other team, for that matter — would aid the Warriors.
Isn't every other team trying to take the Warriors down?
It sure doesn't seem like it.
Perhaps the Bucks and Bulls don't feel like they're competing against the Warriors. Maybe they're not interested, or in fact capable, of challenging Golden State anytime soon. That's somewhat understandable, but if that's the case then they should probably take a page out of Golden State's book.
The Warriors called and asked to buy a pick. It would have been well within the Bulls rights to ask who they were going to select with the No. 38 pick — they'd want to make sure the Warriors weren't taking their guy and they'd actually have to select the desired player for the Warriors, too.
But why wouldn't the Bulls, when the Warriors said “we want Jordan Bell” think to themselves “Well, if he's good enough for the Warriors…”?
The Bulls said that they had targeted wings with that No. 38 pick that were off the board by the time the pick came around, but what team — what style — are the now-rebuilding Bulls trying to maintain? How would have picking Bell, instead of selling his rights to the Warriors, hurt the Bulls?
It wouldn't have, at all.
But instead, the Bulls decided to help the best team in the NBA get better. All for the value of a minimum veteran contract.
It could have been any team though — not just the hapless Bulls — that helped Golden State.
Until the rest of the league bands together and agrees to stop helping the Warriors, Cavs, and Spurs — but especially the Warriors — those consistently good teams will continue to be successful.
It's getting colder (at least in some parts), and there's no better way to warm up than with a toasty knit hat. The best kind? Fandom-inspired hats like these ten influenced by Star Wars.
1. Princess Leia Buns Hat
Ansley Bleu created this Leia “wig” hat and sells the pattern on her Etsy. Carrie Fisher even has one!
2. Stormtrooper Hat
Craftster user kneat made this Stormtrooper hat using the fair isle Star Wars patterns available here.
3. R2-D2 Pattern Hat
At first glance, this hat by Carolyn looks like any other Scandinavian pattern. But closer inspection reveals R2-D2 and the famous Jedi saying “May the Force be with you.”
4. Rebel Scum Hat
greenchick at Craftster made this Rebel Scum hat for her husband using melidomi‘s pattern.
5. R2-D2 Beanie Hat (1)
Instead of a simple picture or pattern, Shortstuff411 at Craftster designed this beanie to look like Artoo himself!
6. R2-D2 & Lightsabers Pattern Hat
R2-D2 and crossed lightsabers come together in the pattern on this cozy-looking beanie by Sarah at Blue Garter, using the fair isle patterns by to Sarah Bradberry.
7. Stormtrooper & Tie Fighter Hat
Stormtroopers and Tie Fighters adorn this Imperial hat worn by Vinny‘s son.
8. R2-D2 Reversible Hat
This hat by Tiennie is not just adorable, it's reversible! One side features R2-D2 and the other, the Star Wars logo.
9. R2-D2 Beanie Hat (2)
Similar to Shortstuff411's hat above, here's an R2-D2 beanie by Carissa. This one even has little bits projecting off of it!
10. Stormtrooper Earflap Hat
Yup, it's another hat with Stormtroopers and Tie Fighters.. but creator Jill borrowed from Firefly‘s famous Jayne hat and added snuggly earflaps to make this one unique.
Honorable Mention: Baby Yoda Hat
No, but seriously. HOW CUTE IS THIS? It even has a wrinkly forehead! Flickr user iamsalad knitted this little hat.
The wife of the man suspected of slamming his small plane into a building housing several offices for the Internal Revenue Service expressed sorrow and sympathy for the loved ones of those who died.
Standing across the street from the fire-damaged home of Joseph Stack III, a representative for Sheryl Stack issued a statement on her behalf Friday. Rayford Walker said he had been asked by the family to distribute the statement.
"Words cannot adequately express my sorrow or the sympathy I feel for everyone affected by this unimaginable tragedy," the statement read. "Due to the ongoing investigation related to this tragedy, I feel it is best to make no comment beyond this statement and to not respond to questions of any nature."
Stack took off from an airport in Georgetown, about 30 miles from Austin, and flew low over the Austin skyline before plowing into the side of the building just before 10 a.m. Flames shot from the building, windows exploded and terrified workers rushed to get out.
(Scroll down to see Stack's plane before Thursday's crash)
Special Agent Ralph Diaz, in charge of the FBI's San Antonio office, told reporters Friday evening that the bureau was taking over the investigation from Austin police. He provided few details about Thursday's crash and wouldn't even confirm that Stack was the plane's pilot until the remains were identified.
"From our standpoint, until what we know the facts are we're not going to be speculating," Diaz told reporters.
Iraq Vet Helped People Escape IRS Office
Why Did Joe Stack Hate IRS Enough to Kill?
Facebook Groups Support Domestic Terrorist
Austin Plane Attacker's Wife to Speak
Joseph Stack Described as "Easy Going"
IRS Worker: Austin Attack "Unfair"
Austin Pilot Left Anti-IRS Suicide Note
Man Angry at IRS Crashes Plane into Office
Photos: Austin Crash Pilot Joseph Stack
Stack's father-in-law said he knew his daughter's husband had a "hang-up" with the IRS.
Jack Cook also told The New York Times that Stack's marriage had been strained.
Cook said Stack's wife, Sheryl Stack, on Wednesday night took her daughter to a hotel to get away from Stack.
"I knew Joe had a hang-up with the IRS on account of them breaking him, taking his savings away," said Cook, the stepfather of Mr. Stack's wife. Cook, who lives in Oklahoma, said Stack's intent was to damage the government office, "not to kill people."
Cook told the Times that Stack had married his stepdaughter about three years ago. Each had been previously married. He said Stack had never spoken to him of his difficulties with the IRS, but Sheryl Stack had discussed them. She had also complained in recent weeks about Stack's increasing anger.
Stack's anger toward the IRS may have been rooted in a tax law that prevented software engineers from being independent contractors.
According to California state records, Stack had a troubled business history, twice starting software companies in California that ultimately were suspended by the state's tax board, one in 2000, the other in 2004.
The software engineer left a rambling online message against the government and the IRS before crashing his plane into an Austin building.
(KTVT-TV)
, also died in yesterday's fiery crash.
The crash happened shortly after a fire broke out at Stack's red-brick house on a tree-lined street in a middle-class neighborhood six miles from the IRS building. Arson crews were at the home today investigating.
Other investigators were at the fire-devastated building, where 13 people were also injured yesterday.
"I just thought it was unfair how an angry individual took out his anger on innocent people," Elva Liando, an IRS employee who works on the second floor, told CBS' "The Early Show" Friday.
The fiery crash wasn't the first time a protester went after an Austin IRS building.
In 1995, Charles Ray Polk plotted to bomb the IRS Austin Service Center. He was released from prison last October.
A U.S. law official said investigators were looking at an anti-government message on the Web linked to him. The Web site outlines problems with the Internal Revenue Service and says violence "is the only answer."
(Below, the airplane owned by Joseph Stack III)
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Stung by revelations about the scale of U.S. electronic spying, Europe has been itching to show it can protect its citizens from snooping - but planned new privacy legislation risks a head-on collision with U.S. law.
However much European Parliament lawmakers may fume at the leaks from former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, Europe has a poor record in battles with U.S. justice and intelligence services over its citizens' data.
What is more, the Internet is dominated by the likes of Microsoft, Google, Facebook and Yahoo! - U.S. companies that will feel more bound by U.S. laws compelling them to give information to their intelligence services.
“It is certainly not up to Europe alone to determine what data can be accessed in the United States,” said privacy lawyer Eduardo Ustaran of Field Fisher Waterhouse in London.
For U.S. firms, any new laws drawn up in Brussels are unlikely to take precedence. Lawyers say potential U.S. punishments are more than enough to dissuade companies from complying with European rules.
“What would you prefer: to be slapped by U.S. law or the prospect of a European fine that may never be enforced?” said Mark Watts, an lawyer specialising in IT at Bristows in London.
Documents leaked by Snowden have shown that the U.S. National Security Agency monitors vast quantities of email and telephone data of both Americans and foreigners. Attempting to limit the damage, President Barack Obama said on Wednesday that U.S. intelligence-gathering was focused on specific concerns like counter-terrorism, cyber-security and weapons of mass destruction.
But U.S. allies are concerned, and the European Parliament, where more than 750 members represent 500 million citizens across 28 countries, plans to back a tough new privacy law by the end of the year.
JUST ONE CATCH...
The law would oblige companies to tell European regulators when an intelligence service was requesting data on a European citizen, and to get the regulators' approval.
U.S. companies and lawyers say there is one glaring catch: in most cases they are not allowed to tell anyone, even a European regulator, about a data request.
Demands for information often come from courts set up in 1978 under the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Services Act (FISA), with a gagging order attached. Breaching such an order of a FISA court can spell hefty fines and even jail.
Google and Microsoft have so far failed to lift the gag, underlining the difficulties U.S. companies face in complying with rules in Europe.
“Prior authorisation for transfer of EU citizen data is in direct conflict with U.S. law, namely the FISA act,” said an industry source on condition of anonymity.
Recent history provides little encouragement for the Europeans.
In 2011, attempts to bring in EU legislation allowing EU regulators a peek at U.S. intelligence requests before they were processed failed after U.S. officials complained it would hamper counter-terrorism investigations. The EU has also tried, with limited success, to limit U.S. access to European travel and financial data.
EUROPEAN HARDBALL?
This time is different, says Jan Philip Albrecht, a German Green member of the European parliament (MEP) who will negotiate the shape of the draft law with EU countries.
“The problem is that we allowed the U.S. to have this supremacy. And I don't think we have to,” he said.
Many European Parliament lawmakers are resolute that U.S. companies must follow European laws if they want to reap profits in Europe, says Manfred Weber, a German conservative MEP.
He said companies could be forced to store Europeans' data on a ‘European cloud', rather than on U.S. servers, to help keep it out of reach of U.S. authorities.
Caspar Bowden, Microsoft's former privacy chief, said Europe has a menu of choices to play tough. It could, for example, revoke existing agreements on data security such as the EU-U.S. Safe Harbour framework, which obliges firms to inform customers about data transfers.
Industry sources who do not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue say they wish the European Union and the United States would resolve their privacy differences and “leave companies out of it”.
They advocate an international convention setting the rules of the spying game. Germany, for example, is seeking to negotiate a ‘no-spy deal' with Washington, while also pushing for a stronger European IT industry less reliant on U.S. firms.
Tech entrepreneurs warn scaremongering over spying will make Europeans more nervous about adopting cloud computing, which offers much cheaper data storage, but sometimes with back-ups in different continents.
Jumping on the privacy bandwagon may win votes in the European Parliament election, due next May. But the parliament may struggle to win approval for its ideas from EU governments, whose police and intelligence agencies also benefit from access to the data that the U.S. firms hold.
Faced with such legal and political complexities, Europeans may have to just reconcile themselves to a degree of access to their data, a European diplomat said.
“As long as we don't have our version of Google and Apple, we may as well turn off our Internet or learn to live with this.”
DAVENPORT, Fla. - A Florida mayor was arrested Tuesday on accusations that she used a dead woman's expired handicapped parking placard to park her vehicle at City Hall.
The Polk County Sheriff's Office released video that shows Davenport Mayor Teresa Bradley, 60, parking her Ford Crown Victoria in a handicapped spot at Davenport City Hall on Monday and exiting her car without any assistance.
Deputies said the handicapped placard number displayed an expiration date of October 2018, but it was determined that the true expiration date was Oct. 30, 2013.
Authorities said the placard had been issued to Evelyn Klinger Letterman, of Davenport, who died on Aug. 29, 2012.
Deputies obtained a search warrant for the mayor's home and said they discovered two handicapped parking placards -- one that had been issued to Letterman and another that had been issued to someone else who died in 2015.
Bradley was arrested on charges of criminal use of a dead person's ID, possession of an altered or counterfeit decal and unlawful use of a handicapped placard.
"We expect our elected officials to set the proper example. She not only violated the law, she embarrassed the citizens of Davenport with her illegal conduct," Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said in a statement.
Bradley was released from jail after posting a $2,250 bond.
Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Ottawa is cracking down on which financial services companies can use the words “bank” “banker” and “banking” to describe their business, a move that has drawn criticism from the country's credit unions.
A national association for the cooperatives said Tuesday they will have to abandon longstanding and accepted language to describe their business, and undertake a costly overhaul to change logos, trademarks, marketing, and slogans.
In an ironic twist, Ottawa's new Canadian Infrastructure Bank, which is being created to fund projects to build and upgrade infrastructure such as roads, bridges, and ports, can continue to use ‘bank' in its name.
“The government is inconsistently applying the rules to its own advantage and to protect banks at the expense of creating a level playing field for credit unions,” Martha Durdin, chief executive of the Canadian Credit Union Association, said in an interview.
Credit unions
The sweeping restrictions on credit unions, which are largely provincially regulated, will extend from signs to such commonplace parts of the business as on “on-line banking” buttons on websites, she said, adding that the cost to create and popularize new descriptive words will make it more difficult to compete with the banks.
In a notice published late Friday, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions said the federal Bank Act already stipulates the select group of regulated financial institutions that can use the term “bank” and related descriptive words. But the words have nonetheless proliferated in the business of non-banks, including fintech startups that offer financial services online and through mobile devices such as smartphones.
“In particular, these terms have been used by non-bank businesses in logos, slogans, trademarks, trade names, webpages, apps, signage, and print,” OSFI spokesperson Sylviane Desparois said. “The rapid growth of the fintech industry has also seen an increase in the use of these terms.”
She said the Bank Act restrictions on the use of the bank-related terms apply to all non-bank financial service providers, including federally regulated trust and loan companies, provincially regulated institutions such as credit unions, and unregulated financial services providers.
These “non-banks” will have until June 30, 2019, to completely phase out use of the terms on their signage, with earlier deadlines for websites and printed materials kicking in at the end of this year and next June.
CIB
Despite the crackdown, Desparois said the Canadian Infrastructure Bank, which won't do typical banking services such as taking deposits and making mortgage and small business loans, will not have to change its name because it is governed by a federal law that is separate from the Bank Act.
“In this case, the Infrastructure Bank is being created by an Act of Parliament, so the (Bank Act) restrictions do not apply,” Desparois said.
Durdin, head of the credit union association, said it is frustrating that the crackdown will apply to financial institutions that have been using the same language for years “without confusing consumers about who they are dealing with” and what they do.
Some credit unions have been operating in Canada for more than 100 years, she said, noting that the cooperatives primarily owned by the members are regulated entities whose deposits are insured.
In a further bit of irony, she noted, credit unions have often come out on top in customer service surveys that pit them against the banks, with titles such as the CFIB Battle of the Banks and IPSOS Best Banking Awards.
She also mused about whether the Senate's standing committee on Banking, Trade and Commerce, which oversees some credit union activities as well as those of banks, would have to change its name.
Financial Post
The US Capitol as photographed by Flickr user Robert Hensley.
The 113th United States Congress got together at the beginning of this year to start the difficult task of governing the Most Powerful Nation of All Time. The Senate and the House of Representatives were tasked with writing new laws that would help solve the myriad problems facing the USA and negotiating compromises between the two parties, both of which controlled a chamber of Congress and therefore couldn't do anything without the other. It was a difficult task, but of course the people elected these men and women for their superior wisdom, and they were therefore the lawmakers best suited to move the country forward.
Ha ha, no, just kidding. The 113th Congress is, by almost any objective standard, the worst Congress of all time. So far, it's even more unpopular and inefficient than the 112th Congress, which was the least liked and least productive of all time until the 113th came along. When it comes to all the big stuff that really matters (immigration reform, getting the House and Senate together on a budget bill), lawmakers haven't done shit all year.
Now, like a stoned college student going on vacation after failing his finals, Congress is leaving a mess behind while it takes off for its August recess. (Lawmakers need a vacation after their exhausting three-day workweeks.) When it comes back, it will have to do something quickly to stop the federal government from shutting down and defaulting on its debts. It'll probably try to pass a temporary measure known as a continuing resolution to keep everything running, but even that might be difficult thanks to the deep divides not just between Democrats and Republicans, but between far-right Tea Partiers, who won't vote for anything but a repeal of Obamacare, and the rest of the GOP. We've reached the point where getting these guys to agree that the government should exist at all is a tall order.
While our esteemed legislators have failed to enact any major legislation so far this year, it's not fair to say that they've done nothing. Both chambers have been voting on bills and even passing them—it's just that the state of gridlock means that pratically nothing of substance has gotten accomplished in the seven months the current Congress has been in office. For a closer look, here's a summary of the 22 bills that have turned into law this year:
One Law Let the Government Function for a Little While Longer
HR 325, a.k.a. the No Budget, No Pay Act was passed in February and temporarily raised the debt ceiling until May. It also suspended the salaries of members of Congress until they worked out a budget for 2014. The idea was to force legislators to come to an agreement over what the government should pay for, but of course that hasn't happened yet and we're now facing exactly the same problem we were when HR 325 went into effect.
One Law Was a Routine Spending Bill
HR 933 allocated funds to the Department of Defense, the Department of Agriculture, and some other agencies. There were also some provisions in there that were extremely beneficial to infamous agribusiness giant Monsanto. The good news is that all those pro-Monsanto bits will expire, along with the rest of HR 933, in September, at which point Congress will have to get its act together enough to pass more spending bills. Which is bad news.
Two Laws Were Devoted to Renaming Stuff
Thanks to HR 2289 and HR 2383, respectively, a section of the tax code is now called the Kay Bailey Hutchison Spousal IRA and a bridge in St. Louis is named after baseball star Stan Musial. Woooo.
Without the hard work of Congress, this bridge would be called something totally different. Screenshot via
Two Laws Awarded Medals to People or Things
Congress took time off from naming things to give Congressional Gold Medals to the First Special Service Force (a group of American and Canadian volunteers) for their service during World War II and to the little girls who were murdered in a 1963 anti-Civil Rights bombing of a church. Good stuff, no doubt, but laws that renamed things or awarded medals made up a whopping 18 percent of all the laws passed so far by the 113th.
One Law Was Renewed the Violence Against Women Act
It took more than a year, but Congress finally renewed the Violence Against Women Act. It was pretty much a no-brainer, but even passing a reauthorization of an existing piece of legislation was a fucking adventure—House Republicans had a problem with how non-Native Americans would get treated on reservations, or something.
One Law Concerned the Response of the Federal Government to Health Crises
Thanks to HR 307, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will have to “submit the National Health Security Strategy to the relevant congressional committees in 2014.” Also, the strategy's “preparedness goals” have been revised. Fuck yes.
Two Laws Involved Hydropower in Utah
HR 251 and HR 254 “give Utahns more of a say over the resources and entities affecting our state,” according to Orrin Hatch, who sponsored the bills in the Senate. Apparently some stuff that was operated by the federal government will now be run by the South Utah Valley Electric Service District.
Orrin Hatch helped pass some legislation involving hydropower in Utah that I honestly don't really 100 percent understand. Photo via Flickr user Gage Skidmore
Two Laws Were Responses to Superstorm Sandy
Congress overcame the normal state of total gridlock to increase National Flood Insurance funds and allow agencies to spend more on disaster assistance, which is sort of the minimum response from a government a few months after a devastating storm hits the country's most densely populated area.
One Law Was a Rewording of a Previously Struck Down Law
Last year, the Supreme Court took a look at the Stolen Valor Act of 2005, which made it illegal to lie about having a military medal. This was fantastically unconstitutional—lying is covered by the First Amendment in most situations—and it got struck down. So Congress went back to its drawing board and reworded the law, making it illegal to profit from lying about military medals. As we all know, this was a pressing problem in the US.
The Remaining Nine Laws Were Even Less Important than Those Above:
- HR 588 allows the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund to acknowledge donor contributions, which will make fundraising easier.
- HR 1151 is devoted to telling the Secretary of State to please try and let Taiwan attend the next International Civil Aviation Organization Assembly as an observer.
- HR 1071 modifies the specs for gold and silver coins made to commemorate the Baseball Hall of Fame.
- S 716 is a minor tweak to rules about financial disclosure for members of Congress.
- HR 1246 specifies what happens in case the Washington DC CFO dies or resigns (the deputy CFO takes over).
- HR 475 adds seasonal flu vaccines to the list of taxable vaccines.
- S 622 reauthorizes the FDA to collect fees related to reviewing and approving drugs for animals.
- HR 1765 allows the FAA to move some money around so they can keep paying workers, including air traffic controllers.
- S 982 (a.k.a. the Freedom to Fish Act) stops the Army Corps of Engineers from blocking fishing access on part of the Cumberland River in Tennessee and Kentucky.
It's true that for a faction of the GOP, not getting stuff done is the whole point, and some House Republicans will probably spend their August recess bragging about how they saved America from destruction at the hands of immigration reform. But even the wackiest wackjob in Congress wants something—that's one of the reasons they all ran for office in the first place. Some of their wants conflict with the agendas of other lawmakers, so they have to negotiate with each other and come to a mutually unsatisfying agreement. That's how the American political system works. That's the only way it can work. Except it's not working at all right now, except when it comes to commemorative coins and fishing in Kentucky.
@HCheadle
More about Congress:
Forget Gun Control, Let's Ban the Senate
PIPA Supporters Violate Copyright Laws Too
America's Congress Is Cracking Up
On Wednesday, CL's first official U.S road single topped one of Spotfiy's charts.
"Hello Bitches" was released on Nov. 21, and almost a month later, the song appeared in the number one spot on Spotify's viral 50 charts. The song appeared ahead of songs by Coldplay, J. Cole Bas, Steve James, Erykah Badu, and other singers.
CL's official Facebook page shared the news with a picture.
It was the first time that "Hello Bitches" appeared on Spotify's United States Viral 50 chart and was one of 22 new songs to make an appearance.
Later the same day, the song was knocked down to the number two spot by Alan Walker's "Faded."
"Hello Bitches" is the first song off of CL's upcoming "Lifted" EP. The release date of "Lifted" has yet to be decided. It is CL's first song not to appear on a 2NE1 album.
CL performed "Hello Bitches" for the first time at the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA) ceremony, where she was reunited with 2NE1 for a performance of their songs "Fire" and "I Am The Best."
---
The Russian Defense Ministry has slammed a recent Human Rights Watch report that calls the alleged October 26 bombing of a school in Syria's Idlib province a possible “war crime,” stating it is nothing more than another information attack.
The HRW report in question, published on Sunday, November 6, assumes without question or hard evidence that the attack on the school in Idlib province, which it claimed “could constitute a war crime,” had been carried out by “the joint Russian-Syrian military,” merely citing ‘witness accounts' it apparently got over the telephone.
“Airstrikes by the joint Russian-Syrian military operation that killed dozens of civilians, mostly schoolchildren, in the northern, opposition-controlled Syrian governorate of Idlib on October 26, 2016, could constitute a war crime. […]
“The repeated striking of a large school complex in a residential area indicate the attacks were unlawful, being either indiscriminate or deliberately targeting civilians. Serious violations of international humanitarian law (the laws of war), when committed with criminal intent, amount to war crimes,” the report from HRW reads.
Syria/Russia: School Attack a Possible War Crime https://t.co/foXwpER85L — Human Rights Watch (@hrw) November 6, 2016
The Russian Defense Ministry, however, denounced the report.
“The Human Rights Watch publication of yet another accusation of a ‘war crime,' which comes more than a week [after the incident] and contains some phone ‘interviews' with seven victims as new ‘evidence,' does not hold up to criticism and is just another information attack,” Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov said in a statement on Monday.
Read more
Initial reports on the attack on the school in the village of Al-Hasa in Idlib province, where some 28 civilians are said to have been killed, came from the controversial London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and opposition activists from the Western-funded Civil Defense Network, also known as the White Helmets, who published pictures of the aftermath of an alleged attack and were quick to pin the blame on either Russian or Syrian warplanes.
However, the Russian Defense Ministry dispatched a drone to analyze the site of the alleged bombing on the same day and found no evidence of airstrikes.
“The Ministry of Defense already published comprehensive and absolute drone-filmed photographic facts on October 27, which showed the absence of any traces of bombing at the school complex in Al-Hasa,” the statement from the ministry noted.
Konashenkov also said earlier that the ministry had analyzed the photo and video ‘evidence' from the supposed attack, which had been presented by the White Helmets and published in a range of Western media outlets, and found it to consist of “more than 10 different shots, filmed at different times of the day and in different resolutions, that were edited into a single clip.” Overall, the Russian Defense Ministry said the alleged evidence did not amount to proof that the school had suffered from an airstrike, while noting that no Russian Air Force planes had even been in the vicinity of the school on the morning of the supposed attack.
'Drone photos show school in Idlib province in #Syria - not hit by airstrike' - Russian MoD https://t.co/aapiGNQFpPpic.twitter.com/xBuytTw5SM — RT (@RT_com) October 27, 2016
For some time now, Idlib province has been under the control of the Army of Conquest, an anti-government alliance of rebel groups run by Al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, the Al-Nusra terror group, which has recently rebranded by renaming itself Jabhat Fateh al-Sham Front. The Russian Defense Ministry pointed out that, given these circumstances, it is “foolish” to think that secular schools are still operating in the area, and therefore doubted that there were, in fact, any children in the vicinity of the school complex at the time of the incident.
READ MORE: 6 children killed, over a dozen injured in rebel shelling of Aleppo school (VIDEO)
“I would like to remind the so-called ‘human rights defenders' from the ‘Human Rights Watch' that the province of Idlib, including the settlement of Al-Hasa, has been under the full control of Al-Nusra terrorists for over a year… Moreover, there has not yet been any even indirect evidence that children were, in fact, present there at all, not only in those buildings, but in Al-Hasa village in general. Therefore, one has to be an explicit liar or a madman to say that secular schools built by [President Bashar] Assad's government are continuing to operate on territory controlled by the Syrian branch of ‘Al-Qaeda' and under constant battle action,” the Defense Ministry statement read.
Russian military officials say the attack on the Idlib school had been deliberately made to look like an airstrike. They also identified several schools in Syria that actually have been targeted, but by rebel fire. One such attack, which militants carried out on a school in government-controlled western Aleppo, claimed the lives of at least six children.
Toonami Showcases ‘Attack On Titan' Anime Dub Trailer
Chris Beveridge Posted by
As we get closer to the premiere of the dubbed version of Attack on Titan on Toonami, the marketing machine is going to gear up a bit more. The latest bit to get the push is the new 90 second trailers for the Toonami broadcast with a greater look at the dub and some of the narration for it that's designed to build up the tone and feeling of the series. With a strong simulcast and fanbase out there, strong manga sales, the debut of the novels and spinoffs and the debut of the anime itself in bilingual form on DVD and Blu-ray coming one June 3rd, the series is set to make its debut on May 3rd, 2014 at 11:30 pm, joining other FUNimation series in the block with Space Dandy, One Piece, Black Lagoon and Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood.
Check out the announcement bumper that appeared last night below with actor and ADR director Mike McFarland.
Plot concept: When the man-eating giants called Titans first appeared, humans retreated behind massive walls. After a hundred years of safety, a colossal-sized Titan smashes through the defenses, unleashing a flood of giants and carnage in the streets. Eren Jaeger watches helplessly as one of the creatures devours his mother. He vows to kill every Titan walking the earth. Eren and his surviving friends enlist to fight against the insatiable monsters. The future looks bleak, but there's more to Eren than meets the eye: he may be humanity s last hope against extinction. From the director of Death Note and High School of the Dead comes the series Anime News Network calls an intense, visceral, and graphic thrill ride. The Titans have come to feast. Anything can happen. No one is safe.
Chris has been writing about anime, manga, movies and comics for well on twenty years now. He began AnimeOnDVD.com back in 1998 and has covered nearly every anime release that's come out in the US ever since. He likes to write a lot, as you can see. Chris Beveridge – who has written 55651 posts on The Fandom Post. Facebook • Twitter • YouTube • Pinterest
Masked Scheduler's Ratings Smackdown
Here are a few answers to some probing questions. This one is from AP:
"ABC has a packed midseason with 'American Idol,' 'Roseanne,' 2 Shondaland shows, 'Alex Inc.,' 'Splitting Up Together' and 'Deception,' not to mention the return of 'Quantico.' Granted ABC has the Oscars, how can they schedule all these shows and effectively promote all of them? Just seems way too much launch midseason, especially in the spring months."
For whatever reason winter has become the new fall for the networks, as they seem to save more and more product for a January (and beyond) launch. FOX, for example, has what I thought was the best pilot in "The Resident," and they saved it for midseason to take advantage of the NFL playoffs. They also have "The Four," "9-1-1," "The X-Files" and "LA to Vegas" on the runway in addition to the return of "New Girl," so ABC is not alone here.
ABC always seems to order more product than the other networks. What generally happens to them is that a few of these shows will be pushed to either very late spring (like "Downward Dog" last year) or summer, which was the case with that Shona Rhimes period drama.
Several of these shows ("American Idol" and "Roseanne") are pre-sold, so ABC will get a lot of help from the press in terms of promotion. There will be a lot of curiosity about both of them. They also have a pre-sold environment for a Shonda show, and "Deception" feels like something that can easily slip in behind "Idol." The comedies can plug some holes on either Tuesday or Wednesday, and if they flop there's always repeats of the established shows.
One lesson you learn early in this business is you can't love all your children equally, and some of these shows will just fall through the cracks. If ABC can return "Idol" and "Roseanne" and get another 10 p.m. drama to work, that would be an accomplishment for midseason.
***
This comes from H, who wants to know, "New standards at FX and AMC allow F bombs in ad-supported programming. 'Fargo,' 'AHS' & 'Fear the Walking Dead' have all crossed that line this year with no apparent blowback. Thoughts? How do you think advertisers will react?"
"Fargo" and "AHS" air at 10 p.m., where the standards for language, even on the broadcast networks, are relaxed. ("Fear" airs at 9.) There's a joke that the difference between gratuitous violence and art is 15 share points. The same applies to language.
Advertisers know the environment for their ads before the show airs. There are screening companies who review the content for the advertiser, and the network will pull the ad out of any show at the request of the advertiser.
Basic cable nets like FX and AMC feel they need to relax language restrictions in order to compete with the premium channels. The networks are a bit more cautious because the licenses are held by the local stations, which are accountable to "community standards" and can have their licenses challenged.
We're not going to put the genie back in the bottle.
Question me at masked.scheduler@gmail.com and follow @maskedscheduler on the Twitter.
“I think we need to, as a country, have a much fuller conversation about this kind of behavior — how wrong it is, how toxic it is, how harmful it is, and how we need to support survivors and make sure that there is a place for them to not only tell their story, but to get some measure of justice, some measure of transparency and accountability,” said Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York. She spoke in an interview for the New York Times podcast “The New Washington.”
Congress has long been a natural locale for inappropriate sexual behavior, with thousands of young and ambitious aides striving for advancement while working for bosses who hold power beyond typical superiors in a business given their political stature.
To be sure, Congress has seen many highly publicized cases of unacceptable sexual behavior and misconduct, including accusations of harassment and assault by Senator Bob Packwood, an influential Republican from Oregon in the 1990s, and accounts of Representative Mark Foley of Florida making overtures to House pages. That scandal led to Mr. Foley's ouster, helped Republicans lose the House in 2006 and ended the House page program. But those events and a few others became so big that they dominated headlines.
Many, many other occurrences of sexual harassment by lawmakers and staff members over the years went unreported because of the understandable reluctance of the victims to take on powerful figures. Each House and Senate office is like an independent business, with lawmakers and their senior aides controlling budgets, plum assignments and job mobility with little to no oversight. It has been a significant risk for aides to challenge the system and put their political hopes on the line.
At the same time, lawmakers and others have been resistant to naming names. In some cases, they have admired a person or have recognized the need to work with them in the future. Going public can also damage one's own political party by setting off scrutiny. Representative Jackie Speier, Democrat of California, said this week that she was aware of two members of Congress — one from each party — known to have engaged in sexual harassment, but she did not name them.
There are as many styles of football management as there are styles of parenting. Each of the 20 Premier League managers will start this new season with a version of paternalistic ambition for their clubs and their players; some will favour routine and discipline; others might prove a bit overwhelmed by conflicting advice from all quarters; all will suffer sleepless nights. The best will likely follow the mantra of the original guru of common sense childcare, Dr Spock: “Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do.”
One of the reasons you know Louis van Gaal will handle this complex generation of Old Trafford babes better than David Moyes is that the question of his relationship with the club's ever-present old man, Sir Alex Ferguson, already seems a curious irrelevance. There is no doubting that Van Gaal will do things his way. The thought that Fergie is watching him red-faced from on high will hardly, you imagine, have crossed his mind as an impediment to success, whereas from the beginning you knew that Moyes would be haunted by living up to his predecessor.
Among the things that Van Gaal seems capable of, even in his short time at the club, is that prized fatherly ability to give out unqualified praise to his players without attendant anxiety that it undermines his own authority. You can't quite imagine him articulating the idea, as Ferguson did toward the end of his triumphant career, that “if I lose control of these multimillionaires in the Manchester United dressing room, then I'm dead ... So I never lose control. If anyone steps out of my control, they're dead.” Van Gaal is no doubt a formidable authoritarian, but seemingly quite relaxed about his power. His instincts appear to be toward inclusivity, and a culture built on flexibility of thought and action, rather than predominantly on force of will and fear.
The first test of this spirit, as has been widely noted in the past couple of weeks, will be the question of what Van Gaal does with the captain's armband, who he makes his favourite son. Before his arrival much was made of his closeness with Robin van Persie, who he anointed as skipper of the Dutch national side, and with whom he clearly maintains a close and respectful bond. With the departure of Nemanja Vidic and Patrice Evra and Rio Ferdinand, United captains of recent seasons, Van Persie would have seemed a shoo-in to take on the role this year. It seems Van Gaal might prove to be a wiser leader than that.
Since the arrival of Van Persie at United, there has been a sense that he and Wayne Rooney could only ever have an either/or relationship. Ferguson, by the end of his reign, had become frustrated by Rooney's understandable reluctance to play in the Dutch striker's shadow. Moyes, attempting to redress that balance, and throwing money at Rooney to keep him happy-ish, apparently alienated Van Persie to the degree that he spent the end of the season keeping himself fit for the World Cup rather than giving his all for United.
It's possible that Van Gaal will find a third way. Secure in his relationship with Van Persie, after the match against Liverpool in Miami he seemed to be indicating that Rooney might be given the chance to prove himself in the role. “I am always looking for opportunities to give players the captain's armband …” van Gaal said, somewhat gnomically. “I think you have to choose, when it is possible, for the English style ...”
The question of whether Rooney is possible captaincy material has been a theme of his career since he first broke into the Everton side as a 16 year old. In the dozen years since, the question has never quite been settled in his favour. There has always seemed a couple of reasons for that uncertainty. The first was that Rooney has always presented a split personality as a player and a character. On the one hand he looked super-mature even at 17, the archetypal man among boys. On the other, he has always been the kid who never grew up, red-faced, combustible, prone to sulking and petulance (as well as embarrassment and indiscretion). The other apparent reason, though, that he was not always viewed as a potential captain by Ferguson (or national team managers with an authoritarian bent such as Fabio Capello) was that he always made it clear that it mattered to him.
Rooney's two autobiographies are punctuated with references to the few occasions that he has worn the armband at club level – the time Duncan Ferguson at Everton tossed it to him having been sent-off. “I thought I was doing well, encouraging and shouting at the other players …” Rooney recalled, until the then manager Moyes shouted at him: “Get that fucking thing off!” and gave it to Alan Stubbs. Then there was the strangeness of becoming, for one game, the youngest ever United captain in a Champions League match – against Celtic when Ferdinand and Ryan Giggs both pulled out in the warm-up – and the thrill of everyone calling him “Skip”.
It matters to him more than ever now, at 28, you'd guess. There are some managers who might use the withholding of that honour as a way of motivating their £300,000 man to still greater efforts. There are others who might see it as a way of finally, fully giving the prodigal son the appreciation he feels he deserves.
How Van Gaal resolves the question will likely prove a crucial factor in Rooney's efforts to prove that he deserves his status not only has the highest paid player in the Premier League but also, as the American tournament had him last week, the MVP, the most valuable player, once again, to his club and to his country.
Deferred gratification is a useful skill for children to learn, but sometimes, as all parents know, the way to really find out how good they can be is to give them what they want.
Google's YouTube is getting thousands of new videos featuring historic live concert footage courtesy of a new deal with Music Vault. The live music archive is adding more than 12,000 new clips to a collection that was already at about 1,600 videos. According to YouTube, that all adds up to 2,000 hours of exclusive footage that includes performances by The Rolling Stones, Van Morrison, The Sex Pistols, The Who, and others. More will be added in daily shows, curated playlists, and what Google is promising will be original content.
Music Vault originally launched its YouTube channel in April without fanfare from Google. Its source footage is made up remastered and digitized tape transfers from Wolfgang's Vault, as well as more recent recordings from music sites Daytrotter and Paste Magazine.
Have you ever met anyone who knows everything about anything? They know it all and we mean that not in the negative sense of the term. They are some of the smartest people in the world and they have the IQ scores to back it up. They can answer probably anything from simple arithmetic to the most complicated rocket science question. Here is a list of the top 10 most intelligent people in the world.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 1.5K Shares Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
10 James Woods – 180 IQ
James Woods is a movie, television and stage actor. He has won two Emmy Awards for his performances in “Promise” and “My Name is Bill W” and has been nominated twice for the Academy Awards. He also played the lead role in the television series entitled “Shark.” Aside from acting, Woods is also some sort of math whiz, having studied linear algebra in UCLA while he was still in high school. He was also a full scholar at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before the acting bug hit him.
9 Marilyn vos Savant – 190 IQ
She is a popular columnist for Parade Magazine. Through “Ask Marilyn,” readers can send puzzles and questions on different subjects for vos Savant to solve and answer. Her IQ was the last recognized the highest IQ by Guinness before the category was retired in 1990.
8 Kenneth Ferrell – 190 IQ
Kenneth Ferrell is a North Carolina-based doctor who is a member of a number of elite IQ organizations, like the GenerIQ Society, Epimethius Society and the Order of Imhotep. He treats IQ exams as fun hobbies. Ferrell has created several verbal and numerical IQ tests, namely the 12354 and the QUINTIQ.
7 Garry Kasparov – 190 IQ
He is a chess grandmaster from Russia who became the youngest undisputed world champion when he was 22 years old. He beat the then-champion Anatoly Karpov after a grueling duel in 1985. Kasparov held the official world title recognized by the international chess federation until 1993. A dispute occurred, however, forcing Kasparov to relinquish the crown and to form instead the rival Professional Chess Association. In 1997, he lost a chess match to Deep Blue, the first time a world champion had lost to a computer under standard time controls. Kasparov was recognized as the “classical” world champion until 2000, when he as defeated by Vladimir Kramnik. Still, he holds the record for the longest reign at number one.
6 Mislav Predavec – 192 IQ
Mislav Predavec is the founder and president of the GenerIQ Society, an elite organization of some of the most intelligent people in the world. It counts among its members Kenneth Ferrell, who is at number eight in this list. Predavec is a Croatian professor of mathematics based in the country's capital of Zagreb. He is also the owner and director of a trade company. He loves rock music, particularly the songs of Pink Floyd, and the arts, specifically the works of Leonardo da Vinci. He used to play Mafia Wars regularly as well.
5 Rick Rosner – 192 IQ
By simply looking at his resume', Rick Rosner would not be thought of as one of the most intelligent people in the world. He has a rough and tough demeanor, having spent a number of years as a bar bouncer. He has also worked as one of those waiters who go around in roller skates. In addition, Rosner has no qualms showing off his body, having been a stripper and nude model in the past. What sets him apart is his 192 IQ. He has put it to good use by joining the television game show called “Who Wants to be a Millionaire?” And he does not want to rest on his laurels, as he spends up to 20 hours a day completing IQ exams in a bid to get further up this list.
4 Dr. Evangelos Katsioulis – 198 IQ
Dr. Evangelos Katsioulis is a Greek national who works as a psychiatrist. He has earned degrees in three fields, namely philosophy, medical research technology and psychopharmacology. Katsioulis is also a good painter and a decent swimmer. He also indulges in a lot of traveling.
3 Kim Ung Yong – 210 IQ
This South Korean has a tremendous capacity for both numbers and languages. He started speaking when he was only six months old. By the time he was three years old, he could read several languages already, including Korean, Japanese, German and English, as well as solve complex calculus problems. He also wrote poetry in Chinese and Korean and compiled enough essays and poems for two books. He was already auditing college courses when he was four. NASA then invited him to study in the U.S. when he was eight. By the time he was a teenager, he was already working for them. He then returned to Korea and switched fields from physics to civil engineering. He then published 90 papers about hydraulics.
2 Christopher Hirata – 225 IQ
At the age of 13, Christopher Hirata made waves by getting a gold medal at the international physics Olympiad. The following year, he enrolled at Caltech. By the time he was 22 years old, he was able to earn his PhD from Princeton. He has been working for NASA's project on how to colonize Mars.
1 Terrence Tao – 230 IQ
He is a mathematician of Australian and American roots. If you think that math is hard enough, just take a peek into the subfields that Tao is involved with: additive combinatorics, analytic number theory, ergodic Ramsey theory, harmonic analysis, partial differential equations and random matrix theory. A recipient of the Fields medal in 2006, Tao holds the James and Carol Collins chair in mathematics at the University of California, Los Angeles. He has had good training, learning math when he was barely a toddler, solving arithmetic problems at two years old, studying college level math at nine and getting a gold medal in the international math Olympiad when he was 13. He got his PhD when he was only 20 from Princeton and became a full professor at UCLA when he was 24. He has already published 230 research papers.
The Norwegian Refugee Council said Wednesday that the closure of Sanaa airport has caused more deaths in Yemen than airstrikes by the Saudi-led coalition because many have died from not being able to travel for specialized medical care.
Around 10,000 Yemenis have since died from health conditions for which they were seeking medical treatment abroad, the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) said, citing data from the Health Ministry in rebel-held Sanaa.
The number exceeds the death toll of nearly 9,000 people killed in violent attacks in Yemen.
Restrictions imposed on Yemen's airspace by the Saudi-led coalition resulted in the official closure of Sanaa airport to commercial flights on August 9, 2016.
The closure has left many Yemenis with no safe means of transport in or out of the country, the NRC added in a statement.
"Denial of access to travel has condemned thousands of Yemenis with survivable illnesses to death," the NRC's Yemen director Mutasim Hamdan said.
Hamdan added that "beyond airstrikes and cholera, the war in Yemen is devastating Yemeni lives on all fronts."
Since 2015, the conflict in Yemen has left over 10,000 civilians dead and displaced three million others. The NRC said close to half a million affected by cases of suspected cholera since April this year, as Yemen's already fragile health system struggles to meet basic health needs.
Lord Bell does not deny claims his firm asked PM to complain to China about copyright infringement on behalf of James Dyson
Lord Bell has defended David Cameron's decision to raise his client's business concerns during a state visit by the Chinese prime minister, after he was reportedly asked to do so by Bell's lobbying company.
As the government faced criticism for allowing lobbyists to get too close to ministers, Bell did not deny claims that his lobbying and public relations firm contacted Downing Street to ask the prime minister to complain to Wen Jiabao about copyright infringement in China of products designed by Dyson, a client of Bell Pottinger.
"What happened with the copyright issue with the Chinese was in the national interest," Bell said.
Senior Bell Pottinger executives were caught on film by undercover reporters from the Bureau of Investigative Journalism pitching their services to fake representatives of the government of Uzbekistan. They said they managed to get the prime minister to raise Dyson's copyright issue with Wen during a state visit in June 2010.
"We were rung up at 2.30 on a Friday afternoon, by one of our clients, Dyson," Tim Collins, managing director of Bell Pottinger, said. "He said, 'we've got a huge issue. A lot of our products are being ripped off in China'.
"On the Saturday, David Cameron raised it with the Chinese prime minister … He was doing it because we asked him to do it and because the issue was in the wider national interest. In terms of very fast turnaround and getting things done right at the top of government, if you've got the right message, we can do it."
Collins is a former shadow secretary of state for education and earlier in his career he worked alongside Cameron and the future chancellor, George Osborne. During the meeting, he boasted about his access to these two and to the prime minister's policy chief, Steve Hilton, and Downing Street's chief of staff, Ed Llewellyn.
A spokesman for Cameron said the prime minister had not been asked whether he or other ministers had spoken to representatives of Bell Pottinger about Dyson, or whether these concerns had been passed onto the Chinese government. Downing Street denied there was any "undue access".
"It is wholly unsurprising that, in a conversation with the Chinese, we might talk to them about intellectual property rights," said the spokesman. "I think you would be surprised if we did not. In conversation with foreign governments, we often talk about business issues."
He also launched a surprise attack on the lobbying industry and dismissed the possibility that Bell Pottinger or other lobbying companies had influenced government. "It is simply untrue to say that Bell Pottinger or any other lobbying company influences government," he said.
Hiring a lobbying company could be a waste of time, he indicated, saying it would be more productive to companies if they made direct contact with ministries or Downing Street instead of trying to influence policy through lobbyists.
"In my experience of the civil service, the official process is the better one to pursue," he said. "If companies want to spend money on lobbyists, that is a matter for them."
A spokesman for Dyson would not comment on whether the firm had asked Bell Pottinger to push the copyright infringement onto the agenda of the UK/China talks. "We do occasionally work with Bell Pottinger but our main conduit to the government is via its business advisory group, of which James Dyson is a member," he said.
The shadow Cabinet Office minister, Jon Trickett, accused the government of being "too close to corporate interests". "These are very serious allegations involving a former member of the Conservative frontbench as well as some of David Cameron's closest confidants inside Downing Street and his cheerleaders in the media," said the Labour frontbencher.
"We have been calling on the government to implement a statutory register of lobbyists. We need reform to ensure that there is no question of the rich and powerful buying access to the prime minister and his advisers."
The prime PM has warned that lobbying is a scandal waiting to happen. Government proposals for a statutory register of lobbyists, which were due to be published last month, are expected after Christmas.
Of 115 MPs questioned by Populus over the past four weeks, 62% agreed that a statutory register would help the democratic process, compared with 13% who said it would not. But just 12% said that public relations professionals were a "hindrance" to their work as MPs, compared with 57% who said they were not.
Forty-one of the MPs questioned (36%) said that occasions when they socialised with lobbyists were "an important part of an MP's week", against 33 (30%) who disagreed.
Bell, a former communications adviser to Margaret Thatcher, is furious about the methods used to secure the story and has filed a complaint with the Press Complaints Commission which claims that there was no proof of impropriety, and that the same information could have been established without undercover reporting.
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism confirmed Bell offered the reporters an interview prior to publication, although he would not allow it to be recorded. Bell said in a statement the story was "an attempt by unethical, underhand deception to manufacture a story where none exists".
Iain Overton, the director of the BIJ, said the undercover operation was warranted because they could not have gained the information by other means and it was in the context of "a national debate about lobbying, which as Cameron has stated, could be the next big scandal".
The police have been investigating leaks from the Home Office The offices, home and car of Tory MP Damian Green have been swept for listening devices by a private security firm called in by his own party. The Tories feared police investigating alleged leaks of sensitive Home Office material may have planted bugs when they raided the premises last week. Despite intensive searches, nothing was found by the security experts. The MP was held by police last week on suspicion of conspiring to commit misconduct in public office. It is understood a Berkshire-based security firm was hired to carry out the search. To avoid the possibility of any listening devices being planted we decided to have the offices in Bethersden swept.
Damian Green's agent The Metropolitan police, whose officers arrested Mr Green last week, has declined to comment on the search. Using electronic devices, the experts swept Mr Green's constituency home and association offices in Bethersden, Kent, on Friday. The day before, a similar sweep had been carried out at the MP's London residence, Westminster office, and his previously impounded car. Mr Green's agent Gordon Williams said: "Damian is very anxious to maintain the confidentiality of his electors' parliamentary case work. "Clearly the offices in Bethersden were occupied for quite some time without us personally being present. "We cannot guarantee the integrity of the office while we're not here, so to avoid the possibility of any listening devices being planted we decided to have the offices in Bethersden swept and also the parliamentary office, car and London and constituency homes." Alleged leaks Mr Williams confirmed no bugging devices were found in any of the searches. Mr Green, the Conservative immigration spokesman, was arrested on 27 November over alleged leaks of sensitive Home Office material. His controversial detention followed the 19 November arrest and then suspension of a 26-year-old junior official. Mr Green has always insisted that he had been doing his public duty in holding the Government to account and would continue to do so.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As part of President Barack Obama's sanctions against the Russian government for its alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election, two Russian compounds, located in New York State and Maryland, will be closed.
Not much is known about the two locations, which were both purchased by the Soviet Union decades ago. But here's a look at what we do know:
The compound in Centreville, Maryland
The Maryland compound is located two miles away from the Eastern Shore town of Centreville in Queen Anne's County, about 60 miles outside Washington.
The estate and brick mansion used to belong to John J. Raskob, a former executive for DuPont and General Motors.
An article published in The Washington Post in 1987 described the compound as having a tall chain-link fence surrounding it, as well as video cameras monitoring the gate, but also the lime-green bungalows, swimming pools and numerous tennis courts.
At the time, the neighbors were not intimidated by the Russian visitors, the Post reported
"As far as neighbors are concerned, you couldn't ask for better," Joe Handley, a former estate manager for Raskob, told The Washington Post in 1979. "They don't bother anybody."
The compound in Upper Brookville, New York
A fence encloses an estate in the village of Upper Brookville in the town of Oyster Bay, N.Y., on Long Island on Friday, Dec. 30, 2016. On Friday, the Obama administration closed this compound for Russian diplomats, in retaliation for spying and cyber-meddling in the U.S. presidential election. (AP Photo/Alexander F. Yuan)
Even less is known about the mysterious compound in Long Island's Nassau County.
It sits on 14 acres and was purchased by the Soviet government in 1954. Known locally as the Norwich House on Mill River Road in the village of Upper Brookville, it was vacated earlier Friday.
It's been most recently assessed at a value of $9.4 million according to county property records. It received a partial tax exemption due to its status as a foreign government's embassy, records show.
Over the course of Friday morning, seven or eight vehicles with diplomatic plates could be seen leaving, some visibly packed with suitcases boxes and clothes hanging. Some people in the cars waved as they pulled out, but no one spoke to reporters. Some of the individuals leaving spoke to officials nearby, but it couldn't be heard what was said.
Neighbor Liz Travers told CNN it's been urban legend in the neighborhood that it was a Russian compound. Her broker told them they'd been there for decades.
Travers never saw one person -- the house is set back off the road -- only the occasional car.
"They were quiet. We never knew they were there," she said.
But on Thursday, "There were a lot of cars. I thought they were having a Christmas party."
Broken Arctic sea ice as seen from a window in from a U.S. Coast Guard flight over the Beaufort Sea in the Arctic Ocean in 2009. (Yereth Rosen/Reuters)
Big waves like those fit for surfing are not what we think of when contemplating the Arctic Ocean. The water is ice-covered most of the time — and it takes large expanses of open sea plus wind to produce mighty surf.
So the fact that researchers have now measured swells of more than 16 feet in the Arctic's Beaufort Sea, just north of Alaska, is a bit of a stunner. Swells of that size, researchers say, have the potential to break up Arctic ice even faster than the melt underway there for decades thanks to rapid global warming.
The wave measurements, using sensors beneath the surface communicating via satellite, were recorded by Jim Thomson of the University of Washington and W. Erick Rogers of the Naval Research Laboratory in 2012 and reported in an article in Geophysical Research Letters this year.
“The observations reported here are the only known wave measurements in the central Beaufort Sea,” they wrote, “because until recently the region remained ice covered throughout the summer and there were no waves to measure.”
Sixteen feet was the average during a peak period, Thomson said in an e-mail. “The largest single wave was probably” 9 meters, or about 29 feet, he said. The average over the entire 2012 season was 3 to 6 feet.
Satellite images of polar ice sheets taken in 2001 and 2007 show retreating ice in the Beaufort Sea during summer in the Arctic Ocean. (Photo by USGS via Getty Images)
The distances of open water change “dramatically throughout the summer season, from essentially zero in April to well over 1000 km in September,” they reported. “In recent years, the seasonal ice retreat has expanded dramatically, leaving much of the Beaufort Sea ice free at the end of the summer.”
Because swells carry more energy, they reported, they will likely increase the pace of ice breakup in the region, eventually producing an “ice-free summer, a remarkable departure from historical conditions in the Arctic, with potentially wide-ranging implications for the air-water-ice system and the humans attempting to operate there.”
“Waves could accelerate the ice retreat,” Thomson said in his e-mail from a village on the Arctic, where he was getting ready to deploy some wave buoys. “We don't have much direct evidence of this, or knowledge of the relative importance compared with melting, but the process is real. We are conducting a large project this summer to answer just that question”
Today's young people, inexperienced yet ready to fight, must teach their elders that there is more to opposition politics than simply the politics of addition
Published 7:57 AM, November 04, 2017
On October 23, Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte led the launching of Tapang and Malasakit, an alliance aimed at uniting Filipinos against what she described as "destructive politics."
Many took it as a counter to Tindig Pilipinas, an opposition bloc composed of minority lawmakers, civil society groups, and former government officials from the previous administration. Social media was quick to pit the two groups against each other, complete with an online poll for netizens to choose which of the two they think is better.
The image of the two alliances side by side circulating on social media is quite interesting, if not disturbing. Beyond the difference in the symbols they use, Tindig Pilipinas fashioning the Hunger Games salute while the Tapang and Malasakit alliance donning the usual Duterte fist, they actually have one thing in common: bad political branding.
Tindig Pilipinas, while composed of credible oppositionists like Senator Risa Hontiveros, is packed with personalities closely associated with the previous administration. Despite its decision to wear the color white, it is widely perceived as a Yellow-led movement, carryovers of the previous government and, thus, a stark reminder to the public of the prior administration's flaws, failures, and overt self-righteousness.
On the other hand, Tapang at Malasakit is led by widely discredited political figures such as current Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada, ousted from the presidency by a popular uprising and convicted of plunder, and Ilocos Norte Governor Imee Marcos, the unrepentant daughter of the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos.
Despite its use of a powerful message such as "unity," some of the key personalities behind Tapang at Malasakit are actually very divisive. Their mere presence contradicts the already crumbling anti-corruption and unity rhetoric of the Duterte government.
Both political formations suffer from a lack of brand authenticity. Authenticity as a brand is the perceived consistency of a political formation's core principles and beliefs as translated into popular messages conveyed by credible and persuasive communicators.
Authenticity needed
Authenticity is not simply a brand descriptor, it is the political brand. It is accessible and relatable. It is emotional and unconventional; its message, disruptive. And this is where the two political alliances suffer. Both are perceived as led by traditional politicians, both are seen as inauthentic and self-serving, both lack a compelling narrative to mobilize the people into action, and both are merely speaking to their respective echo chambers.
Despite their efforts to differentiate themselves from one another, both operate in well-established conventions and norms. The two political groups may sit on opposing ends of the political spectrum, yet seem to be mirror images of each other. Tindig Pilipinas reminds the people of the failure of EDSA democracy. Tapang at Malasakit represents two regimes booted out of power by two EDSA people power revolts.
Of course, it can be argued that any political formation is better than an alliance led by a convicted plunderer and the daughter of a dictator. However, such a summation does not inspire confidence from the people. The people are left to choose between two bad brands or in this case, the nation's "last card." Such a situation actually favors President Rodrigo Duterte. In the absence of a credible alternative, this stalemate of sorts breeds cynicism, apathy and, ultimately, inaction. Worse, the people will just default to the status quo.
So where do we find the alternative? The Makabayan bloc composed of the Bayan Muna group of party-list organizations is fashioning itself as a third pole. However, this group is suffering from a deep credibility crisis as a result of its unholy alliance with Duterte. The Makabayan bloc is widely perceived to have assisted in the rise of this authoritarian and murderous regime. They clung to the petty shreds of favor given them by their fascist ally and only started to discuss cutting ties with Duterte when their appointed cabinet officials were rejected. It was not about the rampant killings.
That it took 13,000 dead people before they decided to "cut ties" with Duterte speaks of their conscience and sense of humanity they have. They have traded principles for convenience, consistency for crass political opportunism. And even in light of all these issues, it is worth asking if they have really severed ties with the current dispensation.
Beyond 'Yellow vs Dutertard'
This therefore puts Tindig Pilipinas in a very difficult position. It must either rebrand itself or sink into oblivion. The challenge for Tindig Pilipinas is to go beyond a change of colors and symbols. Rebranding requires the group to politically reposition itself to create a distance from the negative connotations it calls to mind, or the political baggage it carried. It needs to put the people, particularly young people, at the front and center of its movement.
It needs to go beyond the "Yellow vs Dutertard" discourse. Its politicians, no matter how sincere, must take the backseat in order to give rise to a genuine people-led movement armed with a strong element of spontaneity and profound sense of volunteerism. We have seen this recently when the millennials took the leadership of the campaign to block the hero's burial of Marcos. It was pure, raw, and authentic.
And this is where the millennials must step in. The country's current state of affairs demands a strong millennial opposition. This however can only be the product of serious grassroots organizing. Filipino millennials are not beholden to traditional political forces. They can act as the conscience bloc of the broad opposition movement, constantly reminding their adult counterparts of their shared values and principles, leading the struggle and pushing it to the limits when others are wavering or dillydallying.
Today's young people, inexperienced yet ready to fight, must teach their elders that there is more to opposition politics than simply the politics of addition. A genuine opposition is about consistency of principle and purpose. It is about integrity. To become a credible opposition, Tindig Pilipinas must build and embrace this political brand and the youth must be its face and voice. – Rappler.com
*Emmanuel M. Hizon is a political communications specialist with more than 10 years of experience in political communications, content development, and brand management. He has worked with the national and local electoral campaigns of several politicians acting as political communications director and consultant.
A new study and related press release from the Royal Astronomical Society is making the rounds in recent days, claiming that a new statistical analysis of sunspot cycles shows “solar activity will fall by 60 per cent during the 2030s” to a level that last occurred during the so-called Little Ice Age, which ended 300 years ago.
Since climate change deniers have a particular fascination with sunspot cycles, this story has predictably been picked up by all manner of conservative news media, with a post in the Telegraph quickly gathering up tens of thousands of shares. The only problem is, it's a wildly inaccurate reading of the research.
There's no need to worry about an impending ice age (or to become complacent about global warming).
Sunspots have been observed on a regular basis for at least 400 years, and over that period, there's a weak correlation between the number of sunspots and global temperature—most notably during a drastic downturn in the number of sunspots from about 1645 to 1715. Known as the Maunder minimum, this phenomenon happened about the same time as a decades-long European cold snap known as the Little Ice Age. That connection led to theory that this variability remains the dominant factor in Earth's climate. Though that idea is still widely circulated, it's been disproved. In reality, sunspots fluctuate in an 11-year cycle, and the current cycle is the weakest in 100 years—yet 2014 was the planet's hottest year in recorded history.
If you look closely at the original press release, the study's author, Valentina Zharkova, never implied a new ice age is imminent—only that we may see a sharp downturn in the number of sunspots. Yes, the sun is a variable star, but its output is remarkably stable. The amount of energy we receive from the sun just doesn't change fast enough to cause a rapid-onset ice age in just a few decades.
THE VERDICT IS IN, and Intel has been found guilty as charged by the EU for abusing its dominant market position, with the chipmaker being fined a whopping €1.06 billion.
The EU said Chipzilla had violated EC Treaty antitrust rules under Article 82, abusing its dominant market position "by engaging in illegal anticompetitive practices to exclude competitors from the market for computer chips called x86 central processing units (CPUs)".
Neelie Kroes, EU Competition Commissioner
The EU Commission said it had found Intel guilty of two kinds of nefarious illegal practice, the first of which was giving "wholly or partially hidden rebates to computer manufacturers on condition that they bought all, or almost all, their x86 CPUs from Intel", whilst the second was Intel's direct pay-offs to OEMs to stop or delay the launches of products containing its competitors' chips.
The commission said it also found Intel guilty of making "direct payments to a major retailer on condition it stock only computers with Intel x86 CPUs," saying that these moves "effectively prevented customers - and ultimately consumers - from choosing alternative products."
"By undermining its competitors' ability to compete on the merits of their products, Intel's actions undermined competition and innovation" said a Commission press release.
Along with the €1.06 billion fine, Intel has been ordered to stop its antitrust behavior immediately and told the Commission will actively monitor its compliance. The fine is equivalent to $1.44 billion, a very hard whack to Intel's bottom line, considering the firm had $3.5 billion in cash on its balance sheet at the end of Q1.
Giuliano Meroni, AMD's EMEA president, told the INQ "The EU decision will shift the power from an abusive monopolist to computer makers, retailers and above all consumers." µ
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A formal investigation has been launched against a councillor who was found in a brothel “covered in lipstick”, the Labour group leader at Merthyr Tydfil council has said.
Welsh Labour councillor Brent Carter, who serves Merthyr Tydfil council, was discovered inside a brothel when police were carrying out a search in May 2015, a court heard last week.
Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court heard on Friday that a warrant was executed by police on May 8, 2015, at a house in Regent Street, Dowlais. It had been used as a brothel for around a year.
The court case saw Leon Hall, 36, of Heathland Way in Llandarcy, Neath , appear in the dock where he was sentenced to 10 months in prison, suspended for one year, and ordered to complete 180 hours of unpaid work after previously pleading guilty to one count of keeping a brothel used for prostitution.
The court also heard how Councillor Brent Carter was inside the property at the time.
The court was told that within a few minutes of Coun Carter entering the property, police also entered the terraced house, where Mr Carter was found “covered in lipstick”.
Responding to the incident, Councillor Chris Barry, who is leader of the Labour group at Merthyr Tydfil council and leader of the Opposition, said a formal investigation will now be conducted against Coun Carter, who serves the Plymouth ward.
Coun Barry said: “I have asked for our chief whip to carry out a formal investigation. Depending on the outcome the group will decide on any action that may be appropriate.”
It comes after Merthyr Tydfil council leader Kevin O'Neill, and leader of the Independents, said on Monday that Coun Carter had been reported to the Public Services Ombudsman for Wales.
The Ombudsman can investigate complaints about public services in Wales and complaints a local authority member has broken their Code of Conduct.
Mr O'Neill said: “In the interest of openness and transparency and to protect the reputation of the council, it is my duty as the Leader to forward this case for an independent assessment to the Public Services Ombudsman.
“With regards to Brent Carter's current position as a councillor, and an apology, this would be a matter for him and Councillor Chris Barry, the Labour opposition group leader.”
Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court heard on Friday how the brothel had been operating for around a year, with reports from neighbours of men arriving at “all hours of the day and night”.
Speaking at the sentencing of Leon Hall, defence barrister Andrew Taylor said: “Councillor Brent Carter, a man who holds office, a man who went there, who decided to go there of his own volition, a man who went there because he trusted the premises. It underlines how, if you like, responsible Mr Leon Hall was in vetting people who went to these premises.”
In May 2015, Merthyr Tydfil council issued a press release confirming that “as a result of nuisance and anti-social behaviour” they had successfully applied to the courts for a closure order in regards to a “suspected brothel” at the address in Regent Street.
Welsh Labour and Coun Carter have been contacted for comment.
Episcopalians are standing firm alongside an interfaith community of activists to defend land in Utah considered sacred by Native American tribes as President Donald Trump on Dec. 4 announced he would dramatically reduce the size of the Bears Ears National Monument.
Some of those activists have rallied in recent days in Salt Lake City, where Trump traveled to make his announcement. Others have offered their support from across the country and now are condemning the president's decision.
“It demonstrates a clear lack of understanding on his part for what the land means to Indigenous people and the relationship that we have with the land,” the Rev. Brad Hauff, Episcopal Church missioner for Indigenous ministries, told Episcopal News Service after Trump's action. “When you take away the land or you damage the land, you're assaulting the Indigenous people's identity.”
The fate of Bears Ears has been a regular topic of discussion among members of St. Christopher's Episcopal Mission in Bluff, Utah, directly south of Bears Ears.
“People are not happy about it,” the Rev. Kay Rohde, priest-in-charge at St. Christopher's, told ENS. “It's just beautiful country, and to see oil rigs doting the landscape is not exactly what I think this place could be.”
Bears Ears is 1.35 million acres of federal land in southeast Utah that was designated as a national monument in December 2016 by President Barack Obama as one of his final acts as president. In a statement announcing the creation of Bears Ears and Gold Butte National Monument in southern Nevada, Obama said his goal was “to protect some of our country's most important cultural treasures, including abundant rock art, archeological sites, and lands considered sacred by Native American tribes.”
The designation barred new natural resource extraction on the land, a move that was cheered by Native tribes in the region and conservationists but opposed by state lawmakers, who accused Obama of overreach.
Trump took office vowing to undo much of his predecessor's legacy, and in April he ordered Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke to review 27 national monuments and recommend changes. Zinke's recommendations included reducing the size of at least four national monuments, including Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante, another vast national monument in Utah that was created by President Bill Clinton in 1996.
In response to looming threats to the monuments, Episcopal leaders have joined a chorus of faith leaders this year in speaking out. Presiding Bishop Michael Curry was one of five heads of Christian denominations who signed a letter to Zinke in July opposing changes to Bears Ears.
“As Christian leaders, we are committed to taking an active role in the work of remembering, repenting, healing from, and never repeating historic racial injustices,” the letter said. “Collectively, we are deeply concerned about the proposed action to reduce the size of the Bears Ears monument and the process being utilized.”
Last month, dozens of interfaith clergy members, including a representative of the Episcopal Church's Navajoland Mission, traveled to Bear Ears to show solidarity with the cause of the five tribes, including the Navajo Nation, that have fought to protect the land.
Much of the interfaith activism on Bears Ears has been led by the group Creation Justice, which gathered hundreds of supporters' signatures on a letter to Trump dated Dec. 1 with a final plea that he preserve the “spiritual riches we have been blessed to inherit from past generations.” (The Episcopal Church is a member of Creation Justice.)
“The church believes in the stewardship of creation and the stewardship of resources for the benefit of all rather than the benefit of a few,” the Rev. Vanessa Cato told ENS. Cato, priest-in-charge of Episcopal Church of the Good Shephard in Ogden, Utah, was among those who signed the letter. Some of her congregation's members participated in the rallies in Salt Lake City supporting preservation of the national monuments.
By rejecting their pleas, the president has opened the door to renewed commercial activity in Bears Ears, a possibility he alluded to in his remarks Dec. 4.
“Some people think that the natural resources should be controlled by a small handful of very distant bureaucrats located in Washington,” he said. “And guess what, they're wrong.”
Trump removed more than 1.1 million acres from Bears Ears National Monument and nearly 862,000 acres from Grand Staircase-Escalante. The president's move, however, likely will face legal cases challenging his authority to reduce federal protected land on such a scale.
“We expect to see the issue thoroughly discussed,” said Mark Maryboy, a member of St. Christopher's in Bluff. “I think we'll have opportunity to sit at the table and explain exactly why we want the land protected.”
Maryboy, 61, is a leader of the conservation group Utah Dine Bikeyah that first began advocating for creation of the Bears Ears National Monument. This week, while some fellow activists, including his brother, traveled to the state capital to protest Trump's decision, he has remained back home near Bears Ears, fielding interview requests from national and international news outlets.
Utahns #StandWithBearsEars! "More than 5,000 people rallied on the steps of the Utah State Capitol on Saturday afternoon to protest U.S. President @realDonaldTrump's expected shrinking of two national monument areas in the state." https://t.co/P4PVQqkDHu #MonumentsForAll pic.twitter.com/n5bCtD0psn — Protect Bears Ears (@savebearsears) December 3, 2017
In Native American spirituality, church isn't just a place to visit once a week on Sundays, he said. It is visited daily in the mountains, rocks, streams and wildlife of sacred places like Bears Ears. The fight to protect such places is far from over, he said.
“We believe that we will prevail,” he said.
The Rev. Mary June Nestler, canon to the ordinary of the Diocese of Utah, noted that the Episcopal Church's outreach to Native Americans in the region dates back more than a hundred years, and its support for Native heritage continues today.
“We wish that sustained, substantive dialogue had been undertaken with Utah Native Americans, people of faith communities, and other constituents who do not want to see these precious monuments despoiled to enrich the few, to desecrate sacred places, to further the fossil fuel industry, and to subject these beautiful and lands to commercial degradation,” Nestler said in an emailed statement.
Even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has strongly opposed the Centre's decision to hike diesel prices and allow foreign direct investment or FDI in retail, senior party leader and former Union Minister Arun Shourie justified the move saying it was the need of the hour."Increasing diesel prices was the need of the hour," Mr Shourie told reporters last evening in Bhopal.A lot of hue and cry is being raised unnecessarily on the issue of FDI in retail as this will neither lead to profit nor losses, the BJP leader said."Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has for the first time shown his strength," he added. The government, taking some politically tough decisions last week had hiked the price of diesel by Rs. 5 per litre, capped the supply of subsidised LPG cylinders to six per household and cleared 51 per cent Foreign Direct Investment or FDI in multi-brand retail - reforms, which saw its biggest ally, Mamata Banerjee, pull out of the UPA.
So What Was The NES Select Button For?
Note from racketboy: You can definitely tell when Fastbilly1 is passionate about a topic…. This time he shares his thoughts and research of an oft-overlooked component of the Nintendo Entertainment Systems, the Select Button.
Often it is shoved to the side, disregarded, or the target of outright hatred. Many gamers do not believe it is useful and many more have never cared to think about it. That little button, often right in the middle of the controller, called select always gets a “bad rap.” Well being that I am currently on a NES kick I decided I would attempt to dispel some of the misguided hate toward this controller oddity. The following is a list of games in which I have found that the select button is used (be it in the Menu or in the game). It is not a complete list but I think it is enough to finally put to rest the statement that the button is completely useless. Whether or not it still need's to be on controllers apart from the NES is a whole other topic altogether.
I would like to remind everyone that this is not a definitive list and may possibly have factually inaccuracies. If you have any comments or wish to add or correct, please comment. This is mostly US NES games, if you have information for Japanese or European only releases I would love to hear them. A large chunk of the information was obtained from the files hosted by the good folks at ReproductionDocs.com. If you ever need an old manual, they are the best source for them in the world.
In-Game Use:
A Boy and His Blob – Change Jelly Bean Types (Jelly Beans are used to transform the blob)
A Nightmare on Elm Street – Change between Dreamwarriors (as the teenagers it is not used)
Adventures of Lolo 1-3 – Used to start room over
Airwolf – Decrease your speed
Alien 3 – Select Weapon
Alpha Mission – Select Weapon
Amagon – To transform into Megagon (if you have the Mega-Key)
Metroid – Selects missiles
Batman -Pause (start cycles weapons)
Captain American and the Avengers – Pause (start cycles through characters)
Captain Comic – Allows you to teleport (only if you have the Magic Wand)
Captain Skyhawk – Used in conjunction with left or right to barrel roll
Castlevania II: Simons Quest – Hard pause (start brings up your inventory)
Castlevania III – Menu use and to transform into a Spirit
Caveman Games – Restarts event (only when already paused)
Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers – Display stats
Cobra Command – Display Subscreen
Cobra Triangle – Activates flashing powerup
Crystalis – Display Subscreen
Cybernoid – Weapon select
Darkwing Duck – Select Special Gas
Days of Thunder – Pauses game (start button is unused)
Dick Tracy – Get out of car and cycle weapons
Double Dragon III – Change Weapons/Fighters
Dr Chaos – Cycle Weapons while in the Warp Zones and Hallways
Dragons Lair – Used on Menu and to pause
Dynowarz – Satellite Attack (screen clearer)
Elite – Activate Powerup
Family Feud – Buzzes In
Faxanadu – Displays the Item Screen
Final Fantasy – Displays the Character Order screen
Flight of the Intruder – When in the map, will allow you to skip waypoints
Flying Dragon – Skip dialogue
Friday the 13th – Select option while exploring
Gauntlet II – Pauses the game (Start also pauses)
Home Alone 2 – Select weapon
Jack Nicklaus Greatest 18 holes – To check the money chart in a skins game
Jurassic Park – Change Dart Types
Kart Fighter – Switches buttons from punches to kicks (and vice versa)
Kickle Cubicle – Kills stuck character and Menu Use
Kid Icarus – Switch weapons
Kings Knight – Used in conjunction with the reset button to enable Continue mode
Kirby's Adventure – Exhale enemy ability
Legacy of the Wizard – Item select
Maniac Mansion – Every thing
Metal Gear – Brings up the Mode Selection menu and Menu Use
Metroid – Activate missiles
Mike Tyson's Punchout/Punchout – Faster shoulder rub (recover health between rounds)
Monopoly – Bring up Main Menu (start pauses)
M.U.L.E. – Pauses Game
NFL Football – Scrolls down lists
Nightshade – Brings up Icon Menu
Operation Wolf – Speed of cursor (in controller mode)
PinBot – Bumps the cabinet to the right
Puzzle – Toggles Music and Helpfile
Pyramid – Toggles Music
Rygar – Pauses Game (start brings up menu)
Shadowgate – Displays hints
Shingen the Ruler – Change parameters for the condition of the territory
Solstice – Brings up select menu
Strider – Changes “tricks”
Super Glove Ball – Hold Down to clear a wall. Hit to fire bullets
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles – Switch weapons
Tetris (Nintendo) – Hides next block
The Addams Family – To control Thing
The Black Bass – Take the fish off the hook
The Blue Marlin – To see Menu
The Bugs Bunny Birthday Blowout – Pauses the game (start also pauses)
The Flintstones – Use special items
The Goonies II – Pauses the game (start switches to the auxiliary scene)
The Legend of Zelda – Menu use and hard pause (start brought up the item screen)
The Mafat Conspiracy – Menu use and to skip dialogues
The Punisher – Select functions
The Simpsons: Bart vs the Space Mutants – Switch items
The Simpsons: Bart vs the World – Exit Minigame
Wayne Gretzky Hockey – Menu use and to change players
Wizard and Warriors – Use items or magic
Wolverine – Extend Claws and/or Call Havoc
Wrath of the Black Manta – Display Ninpo attacks
Zen Intergalactic Ninja – Use health item
Menu Use:
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) is predicting Congress will be able to pass legislation this year to protect a key group of immigrants after Republicans ruled out including a deal in the December government funding bill.
"I am confident that there is strong bipartisan support in Congress to get the [DREAM Act] passed before the end of the year," Schumer said in a tweet on Thursday.
He added "we are going to do everything we can to get it done, no matter what the president says on one given day or another."
Schumer's comments come after President Trump and Senate Republicans agreed during a closed-door White House meeting that they would not include a fix for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program in an end-of-the-year spending bill.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors (DREAM) Act, similar to DACA, would allow immigrants brought into the country illegally as children to work and go to school without the fear of deportation.
The Trump administration announced that it was phasing out DACA, setting up a deadline in early 2018 for lawmakers to pass legislation. If they don't, hundreds of thousands of immigrants will be at risk of being deported.
"This is not going to be part of the year-end omnibus or [continuing resolution]," he told reporters, referring to a short-term funding bill.
Democrats want to pass an immigration agreement this year that would pair a DACA fix with border security. They argue the end-of-the-year spending fight gives them more leverage on immigration because Republicans will need their votes to prevent a government shutdown.
For Immediate Release International Witnesses Speak Out from Gaza For More Information, please visit http://www.FreeGaza.org , or see contact details below. (Besieged Gaza , Palestine - 27th December 2008 ) - Human Rights Defenders from Lebanon , the UK , Poland , Canada , Spain , Italy and Australia are present in Gaza and are witnessing and documenting the current Israeli attacks on Gaza . Due to Israel 's policy of denying access to international media, human rights defenders and aid agencies to the Occupied Gaza Strip, many of these Human Rights Defenders arrived in Gaza with the Free Gaza Movement's boats. FREE GAZA boats have broken Israel 's siege of Gaza five times in the past four months. "At the time of the attacks I was on Omar Mukhtar street and witnessed a last rocket hit the street 150 meters away where crowds had already gathered to try to extract the dead bodies. Ambulances, trucks, cars - anything that can move is bringing injured to the hospitals. Hospitals have had to evacuate sick patients to make room for the injured. I have been told that there is not enough room in the morgues for the bodies and that there is a great lack of blood in the blood banks. I have just learned that among the civilians killed today was the mother of my good friends in Jabalya camp." - Eva Bartlett ( Canada ) International Solidarity Movement "Israeli missles tore through a children's playground and busy market in Diere Balah, we saw the aftermath - many were injured and some reportedly killed. Every Hospital in the Gaza strip is already overwhelmed with injured people and does not have the medicine or the capacity to treat them. Israel is committing crimes against humanity, it is violating international and human rights law, ignoring the United Nations and planning even bigger attacks. The world must act now and intensify the calls for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions against Israel ; governments need to move beyond words of condemnation into an active and immediate restraint of Israel and a lifting of the siege of Gaza " - Ewa Jasiewicz (Polish and British) Free Gaza Movement "The morgue at the Shifa hospital has no more room for dead bodies, so bodies and body parts are strewn all over the hospital." - Dr. Haidar Eid, (Palestinian, South African) Professor of Social and Cultural Studies, Al Aqsa University Gaza "The bombs began to fall just as the children were on the streets walking back from school. I went out onto the stairs and a terrified 5 year old girl ran sobbing into my arms."- Sharon Lock (Australian) International Solidarity Movement "This is incredibly sad. This massacre is not going to bring security for the State of Israel or allow it to be part of the Middle East . Now calls of revenge are everywhere." - Dr. Eyad Sarraj - President of the Gaza Community Mental Health Centre "As I speak they have just hit a building 200 metres away. There is smoke everywhere. This morning I went to the building close to where I live in Rafah that had been hit. Two bulldozers were immediately attempting to clear the rubble. They thought they had found all the bodies. As we arrived one more was found." - Jenny Linnel (British) International Solidarity Movement "The home I am staying in is across from the preventive security compound. All the glass of the house shattered. The home has been severely damaged. Due to the siege there is no glass or building materials to repair this damage. One little boy in our house fainted. An eight year little boy was trembling on the ground for an hour. In front of our house we found the bodies of two little girls under a car, completely burnt. They were coming home from school. This is more than just collective punishment. We are being treated like laboratory animals. I have lived through the Israeli bombardment of Beirut and the Israel 's message is the same in Gaza as it was in Beirut- The killing of civilians. There was just another explosion outside!"- Natalie Abu Eid ( Lebanon ) International Solidarity Movement ----- Human Rights Defenders in Gaza (available for interviews): Dr. Eyad Sarraj (Arabic and English) +972 599400424 Ewa Jasiewicz, Free Gaza Co-Coordinator in Gaza (Polish, Arabic, and English) - +972 59 8700497 Dr. Haider Eid (English and Arabic) + 972 59 9441766 Sharon Lock (English) +972 59 8826513 Vittorio Arrigoni (Italian) +972 59 8378945 Fida Qishta (English and Arabic) +972 599681669 Jenny Linnel (English) +972 59 87653777 Natalie Abu Shakra (Arabic and English) 0598336 328 For more information on the Free Gaza Movement (FREE GAZA) or the International Solidarity Movement (ISM) contact in the West Bank : Adam Taylor (ISM) - 972 59 8503948 Lubna Masarwa (FREE GAZA ) - 972 50 5633044 ########### The Free Gaza Movement, a human rights group, sent two boats to Gaza in August 2008. These were the first international boats to land in the port in 41 years. Since August, four more voyages were successful, taking Parliamentarians, human rights workers, and other dignitaries to witness the effects of Israel 's draconian policies on the civilians of Gaza . http://www.FreeGaza.org
**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**
Buzz Cut:
• Trump puts GOP on notice: It's his party now
• Polls show swing state Senate tossups
• Marshall makes his move
TRUMP PUTS GOP ON NOTICE: IT'S HIS PARTY NOW
For the Republicans who were hoping that they could opt for peaceful coexistence and respectful disagreement with their party's nominee, Donald Trump has some news for you.
“I think I have a mandate from the people,” Trump told the NYT when asked if he would be modifying his substance or style for the general election.
Trump's not wrong. He won about the same 40 percent share of the popular vote through the course of the competitive primaries, more than either of his two immediate predecessors. And in the state count, he will end up doing better than either Mitt Romney, who lost 13 states, or John McCain, who lost 17. Trump should end up with only 11 losses.
We know why, in part. Trump faced a hopelessly divided party and what we dubbed “the tyranny of multiplicity.” But as they say in golf, they don't ask “how?” They ask “how many?”
“You win the pennant and now you're in the World Series – you gonna change?” Trump said. “People like the way I'm doing.”
So there's not going to be what House Speaker Paul Ryan has been pressing for: a broad agreement about the principles of policy and politics around which Republicans might coalesce.
Ryan is like Eric Cantor in 2009 when he, also the leader of a defeated Republican Party, inquired of President Obama why there were no accommodations for Republicans in the newly-inaugurated president's economic plan. “I won,” was reportedly Obama's retort.
Trump won and those GOP soothsayers that promised they would be able to manage, modify or control Trump as the nominee are being proven quite wrong. Trump is not going to be told what to do or how to behave by a bunch of political re-treads from 20 or 30 years ago. Rather the opposite. Trump won as himself. Why change?
Sad!
What about buckling down, spending big bucks and building the kind of organization that won Obama two terms?
“I've always felt it was overrated,” Trump told the AP of Obama's much-vaunted data and turnout operation. “Obama got the votes much more so than his data processing machine. And I think the same is true with me.”
Trump's not wholly wrong here either. The astonishing failures of the Romney campaign's data operation and an endless media palaver about Obama's data gurus overstated the importance.
But the worry for Republicans is that it is down-ballot candidates who would most suffer under Trump's forging of a new coalition among populists from the left, right and center.
Conservative Republicans want Trump to be afraid that they will split their tickets from top to bottom. What about the Democratic populists in states like West Virginia who will split their tickets from bottom to top?
WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…
NatGeo: “It is perhaps fitting that invasive hippos, with their ‘hungry, hungry' reputations, would be the lasting legacy of one of the world's most notorious drug lords. Colombia's Pablo Escobar built an empire on cocaine that made him one of the richest, and most feared, people in the world. Escobar was shot dead in 1993, and now Hacienda Napoles is run by the very government he essentially tried to overthrow, as a park and tourist attraction. Most of the exotic animals that had been housed there were transferred to other facilities around the world, but not the hippos. …. Natives of Africa, three females and one male hippo were left to their own devices in the ranch's pond. With mild weather and no competition, the hippos thrived. Over time, some of the animals began to venture away from the pond, into nearby rivers and the surrounding areas.”
Got a TIP from the RIGHT or the LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM
POLL CHECK
Real Clear Politics Averages
General Election: Clinton vs. Trump: Clinton +6.4 points
Generic Congressional Vote: Democrats +2.3
POLL SHOWS SWING STATE SENATE TOSSUPS
USA Today: “Battleground Senate races in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida are all close, a new Quinnipiac University poll shows. The poll found that 43 percent of Ohio voters support former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland and 42 percent support Republican Sen. Rob Portman — a dead heat, and virtually unchanged from the last two Quinnipiac polls, in February and October. In Florida, the race to replace Florida Sen. Marco Rubio remains wide open, with five Republicans and two Democrats competing ahead of that state's Aug. 30 primary…In Pennsylvania, Republican Sen. Pat Toomey has 45 percent, while Democratic challenger Katie McGinty has 44 percent.”
London's mayor says no thanks to Trump - BBC: “Sadiq Khan has rejected US presidential hopeful Donald Trump's offer to make the new London mayor an ‘exception' to a ban on Muslims travelling to the US. ‘This isn't just about me. It's about my friends, my family and everyone who comes from a background similar to mine, anywhere in the world,' he said. Mr. Khan also warned that Mr. Trump's ‘ignorant' views of Islam ‘could make both our countries less safe.'”
RACE NOTES
Grassroots Republicans tell David Drucker that Trump needs to work harder to unify the party - WashEx
Jonah Goldberg calls out Republicans for ‘selling their souls' to Trump - NRO
Bernie, Trump win W.Va. but no real change as a result - Fox News
Sen. Ted Cruz returns to the Senate, talks at length - Dallas Morning News
Trump tender Paul Manafort says convention will be ‘ultimate reality show' - The Hill
WITHIN EARSHOT
“I think I would have been the best president.” – Vice President Joe Biden to ABC News on his decision to not seek the presidency a third time, clearing the way for presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton.
MARSHALL MAKES HIS MOVE
CBC: “A ‘tough little' beer-loving pig abandoned during the Fort McMurray evacuations [from a wildfire in Canada] has been found safe thanks to the help of Twitter and Facebook. Marshall, a black 4½-year-old pig, was left behind when his family fled the advancing wildfire last Tuesday. Michelle Coutu told CBC News that there was no advance notice of the evacuation and the sight of the flames sent her family scrambling…[Coutu said] ‘Unfortunately, this time he missed the evacuation bus.' She doesn't know where Marshall went after they left, but thinks he might have gone into the neighbour's garden or on a search for beer cans. ‘If you open a beer, he loves his beer. You cannot put your beer down because you won't have a beer afterwards.' …She will be getting in touch to see when she can be reunited.”
Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Sally Persons contributed to this report. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.
This March, as an alternative of sorts to the Affordable Care Act, Florida's Republican-led government launched a health insurance website called Florida Health Choices. It had no relation to HealthCare.gov, the federal Obamacare website, and offered limited-benefit options that cover things like prescription drugs and dental or vision services.
But since the launch of the Republican alternative, Florida Health Choices has signed up 30 people, the Tampa Bay Times reported Friday. By comparison, 984,000 Floridians enrolled in private coverage under Obamacare and 764,000 low-income residents were unable to obtain any kind of coverage through the federal law because the GOP- controlled state legislature refused to expand Medicaid.
As the Associated Press reported at the time of the website's launch, it was hoped that those stuck in that Medicaid expansion gap would use Florida Health Choices. The concept actually dates back to 2008, the brainchild of then-Florida House speaker Marco Rubio, now U.S. senator. Rubio had secured $1.8 million in start-up funding at that time, according to Reuters, and the state legislature then authorized $900,000 last year to fully launch the website.
Florida Sen. Aaron Bean (R), who the Times reported was one of the website's major supporters, acknowledged that people had flocked to HealthCare.gov, which offered tax credits and full insurance plans, instead of the Republican alternative, which did not.
“Obviously we wanted more (business), but the competition is giving it away for free,” Bean told the Times.
TPM asked now-Sen. Rubio's office if he still supported the concept of Florida Health Choices after the reports of its low sign-up numbers.
“Yeah, we have nothing against free market exchanges,” Rubio spokesman Alex Conant said in an email.
Getty Images
In the 2004 NFL draft, the Chargers selected Eli Manning first overall. Manning was a Charger for an awkward half-hour during which he reiterated what he had said before the draft — that he wouldn't play for the Chargers — before San Diego traded him to the Giants. Now Manning is preparing to play the Chargers and the quarterback he was traded for, Philip Rivers, but Manning would prefer not to talk about the past.
Asked by reporters today why he didn't want to play for the Chargers, Manning answered, “I forgot, I think.”
Pressed to go into detail, Manning refused.
“I just can't remember, it's been 10 years. It slipped my mind,” Manning said, via Conor Orr of the Star-Ledger. “Ten years ago, I don't know. I can't remember.”
Manning did say he likes visiting the city of San Diego.
“I have nothing against San Diego as a city,” Manning said. “We had our rookie symposium there and besides that, we've had a few other things, I know it's a beautiful city and great weather. There are a lot of great things to it.”
Manning just didn't want to play there. And he won't get a warm welcome there on Sunday.
Neil DeGrasse Tyson
Wrestling was his outlet while he was in college, but it was the stars and the planets that led Neil DeGrasse Tyson to Harvard. And following them has led to his extraordinary success. Neil DeGrasse Tyson, the Frederick P. Rose Director of the American Museum of Natural History's Hayden Planetarium, knew he wanted to study astrophysics "since the age of nine."
When it was time to choose a college, astrophysics was his only criterion. "I had a subscription to Scientific American," he remembers, "and they had really detailed biographies of all the article authors. I culled the biographies for astrophysicists and made a grid of where the authors worked and went to school."
By this method, the choice was obvious. "Harvard blew away all the other schools," says Tyson. "The Ivy League held no seduction for me, but the number of people doing astrophysics there was huge."
An undefeated wrestler in high school, Tyson came to Harvard intending to wrestle and row. He quickly lost interest in rowing, though. "I rowed freshman crew and was in the Head of the Charles (a famous series of races that taking place on the Charles River)," says Tyson, "and I had the highest erg score (a measure of rowing power using an ergometer) of anyone that year." But "the repetitiveness of the rowing stroke was not interesting."
He soon devoted himself to only wrestling. "Wrestling's much more interesting. There's a purity of contest - you and the other person." He also found wrestling reveals character, and an incident involving Harvard teammate Ed Bordley, who is blind, was especially illustrative.
"There's a courtesy start, with hands touching, when one of the wrestlers is blind," explains Tyson. "Bordley's opponent slaps his hands away and goes around [Bordley's] back to take him down. He only wanted to win. Bordley wouldn't let him pin him, the guy had to win it on points," he remembers. "Nothing compares to wrestling. I'd rather be a mediocre wrestler than a good rower."
Describing his Harvard wrestling as "second string," Tyson did letter his senior year. He also found time to pursue astrophysics. "I spent my interstitial time over at the Smithsonian [Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics]." He found balancing athletics and academics not particularly difficult. "I've been doing it since high school. I didn't think of it as balance. It's the slot in the day given over to [athletic] effort."
Earning an A.B. degree in physics in 1980, Tyson did his thesis research in the "whole new field of x-ray telescopes," in the research organization of Professor Riccardo Giacconi, who later won the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physics. He then went on to earn an M.A. in astronomy from the University of Texas in 1983, and a Ph.D. in astrophysics from Columbia in 1991. After teaching and performing research as a Princeton postdoc Tyson joined the American Museum of Natural History in 1994, and was named Hayden Planetarium Director in 1996, where he continues today.
It's a very public position. Tyson has written nine books and dozens of articles and refereed scientific papers. He has appeared in national television shows ranging from "PBS NewsHour with Jim Lehrer" to "Comedy Central's 'the Daily Show' with Jon Stewart," and earned numerous honors, including eight honorary degrees, in the process. He is also the on-camera host, narrator, and executive editor of PBS' NOVA Science Now. "A big part of what we do is in public forums," explains Tyson.
One current subject for Tyson is the likelihood of a catastrophic asteroid hitting Earth. In his most recent book "Death by Black Hole" he explains that the risk of dying from an asteroid hit is roughly the same as the risk of dying in an airplane. The logic? "Simple," writes Tyson. "By the end of 10 million years, when the sum of all airplane crashes has killed a billion people, an asteroid is likely to have hit Earth with enough energy to kill a billion people."
It doesn't have to be this way. "We need an asteroid risk policy," he says, and "America is the best equipped" to lead the effort. "Establish an intergovernmental organization, because if an asteroid hits anywhere we are all at risk." Tyson explains "if an asteroid hits the ocean, the resulting tsunami would wipe out all the cities on the coast [irrespective of country]. Establish a mitigation fund, with countries contributing a fraction of G.D.P."
What does he think of fellow Ivy wrestler and current astronaut Ed Lu's plan to use a "gravity tractor" - a satellite that would be positioned to track an asteroid closely, using gravitational attraction to deflect the asteroid off its path with Earth? "It's one of the best ideas out there," says Tyson, "but it requires a long lead time. Otherwise, it's unusable." Thus the need to get started on the problem. "The time [to implement a solution] is longer than political time horizons. It's harder to make it important."
If mankind doesn't address this problem, then perhaps in the future "the dominant species that replaces us in postpocalyptic Earth just might wonder, as they gaze upon our mounted skeletons in their natural history museums," writes Tyson, "why large headed Homo Sapiens fared no better than the pea-brained dinosaurs." — Stephen Eschenbach
A Documentary Film from Executive Producers Michael Wolfe and Alex Kronemer and Director Rob Gardner
UPF is proud to present its latest documentary film, Islamic Art: Mirror of the Invisible World. This new ninety-minute film takes audiences on an epic journey across nine countries and over 1,400 years of history. It explores themes such as the Word, Space, Ornament, Color and Water and presents the stories behind many great masterworks of Islamic Art and Architecture. Our site devoted to Islamic Art has additional information about the film.
Islamic Art: Mirror of the Invisible World was broadcast nationally on PBS on Friday, July 6, 2012.
The film explores the richness of Islamic art in objects big and small, from great ornamented palaces and the play of light in monumental mosques to the exquisite beauty of ceramics, carved boxes, paintings and metal work. It revels in the use of color and finds commonalities in a shared artistic heritage with the West and East. The film also examines the unique ways in which Islamic art turns calligraphy and the written word into masterpieces and develops water into an expressive, useful art form.
Like all art, Islamic art carries with it the fundamental values and perspectives of the artists who created it as well as those who commissioned and paid for it. It incorporates the basic themes of transcendent beauty common to all creative endeavors.
Narrated by Academy Award winning performer Susan Sarandon, this dazzling documentary reveals the variety and diversity of Islamic art. It provides a window into Islamic culture and brings broad insights to the enduring themes that have propelled human history and fueled the rise of world civilization over the centuries.
Foxall was a skilled arms manufacturer who brought the latest cannon boring techniques over from England. For decades his Columbia Foundry in Washington was the nation's largest and most sophisticated cannon producer, supplying more than ten thousand guns to the Army and Navy.
The Columbia Foundry occupied several buildings on the Potomac riverbank opposite the Three Sisters Islands. The location was ideal - pig iron arrived via the Potomac (later the C&O Canal), labor came from Georgetown, and water power came from the nearby Mill Creek (now referred to as Foundry Branch). Finished products were exported through the nearby Port of Georgetown.
The Columbia Foundry enjoyed a virtual monopoly until the other three so-called “Great Foundries” were established in Richmond, Pittsburg, and West Point. From 1801 to about 1809 Columbia received almost every federal contract for cannon and ordinance. At its peak capacity, the munitions plant was capable of producing about 300 heavy guns and 30,000 cannonballs per year.
The Columbia Foundry was nearly destroyed in 1814 when British redcoats burned the Capitol. The detachment of soldiers marching on Foxall's cannon works turned back in the face of a massive thunderstorm. Foxall built Foundry United Methodist Church out of gratitude for this divine intervention.
WSVN — There is one fewer police officer in South Florida tonight. She has resigned in disgrace after being caught stealing gas. Investigative reporter Carmel Cafiero is On the Case.
Rose Stabio: “Just stop!”
Rose Stabio didn't think she should be on camera after a court appearance.
Carmel Cafiero: “Don't you have any comment about disgracing your badge?”
She even demanded her attorney do something about it, so he walked in front of our camera.
Lawyer: “Excuse me, excuse me.”
It was another camera, this one hidden, that brought Stabio and her boyfriend Giomar Picon to court. You can see Stabio pumping gas into her police car. He, meanwhile, is seen filling up her Lexus. Authorities say they used her Miami-Dade Police issued gas card to fuel up her private vehicles more than a dozen times.
On another occasion, Stabio was alone when she put gas into her car. Picon was also caught on camera alone getting gas for the white Lexus. The pair was charged with pumping as little as $18 and as much as $50 at a time.
The total: $338.30 before they were busted. Not a lot of money, but enough to cost Stabio her career.
Clerk: Do you solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth?”
Rose Stabio: “Uh-huh.”
Judge: “What is your name?”
Rose Stabio: “Rose Marie Stabio.”
Stabio had been a Miami-Dade officer for seven years. She resigned the day before court. Prosecutors say Picon is a former Sweetwater officer. Both cut a deal giving up their police certifications.
Miesha Darrough, Assistant State Attorney: “In exchange for them giving up, basically, the right to be a police officer in the state of Florida, the state is allowing them to enter into the PTI program.”
The Pre-Trial Intervention Program will allow the pair to avoid criminal records.
Carmel Cafiero: “This is not the first time Officer Stabio's credibility has been called into question. Earlier, a 7News investigation revealed former neighbors complained she abused her position as a police officer to file false complaints against them.”
In 2012, Josue and Holli Abreu told us they believed Stabio kept calling police with bogus complaints about them. The Abreus say one night, she even called her department claiming Josue was on his balcony with a gun.
Rose Stabio: “He's on the balcony. He has a weapon in his hand.”
Dispatch: “QSL, advising there's a male on the balcony with a weapon in his hand.”
Ten units responded and found … nothing.
Responding Officer: “There are no weapons. There are no threats. No nothing. Just clear.”
Stabio was cleared by the police department after she said it was her boyfriend who had seen Josue with the gun. The Abreu family moved away from Stabio after that incident. And now, as you might expect, Josue is not surprised at the officer's current disgrace.
Josue Abreu: “I felt karma came and bite her. Her true colors came out. That's how I feel. And I'm glad that South Florida is able to see what she really is.”
Meanwhile, Stabio has agreed to pay the county back for the cost of the gas, and the investigation.
Carmel Cafiero, 7News.
IF YOU HAVE A STORY FOR CARMEL TO INVESTIGATE:
Miami-Dade: 305-627-CLUE
Broward: 954-921-CLUE
E-mail: clue@wsvn.com
Flutter-rage anhero23 Nov 29th, 2011 68 Never 68Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 0.62 KB Fluttershy: the kindest pony Well Loved, by many a brony But beneath her soft exterior: A terrifying interior ----------- The first of two times, let loose from her cage A dragon snoring A dragon roaring She'd shown the beast, she'd not take his rage ----------- The second of times, was different than last Gala critters, she sought Tried to chase them, they fought With nothing to show, her temper rose fast ----------- For now, this is all that is shown Of the rage in her mind, in every bone Who knows what will come If she finally breaks Of her rage, the sum And the toll it takes
RAW Paste Data
Fluttershy: the kindest pony Well Loved, by many a brony But beneath her soft exterior: A terrifying interior ----------- The first of two times, let loose from her cage A dragon snoring A dragon roaring She'd shown the beast, she'd not take his rage ----------- The second of times, was different than last Gala critters, she sought Tried to chase them, they fought With nothing to show, her temper rose fast ----------- For now, this is all that is shown Of the rage in her mind, in every bone Who knows what will come If she finally breaks Of her rage, the sum And the toll it takes
Today the virtual world is overloaded with offers of things that you might need for business and leisure. There are three main reasons why you prefer PrintMePoster.com to many others offering fitness posters.
Newcomers have miscellaneous reasons to look through the provided on PrintMePoster.com fitness posters, but the named ones are those that make them come back to us over and over again. Why not? Whatever poster of fitness thematic is needed, it can be easily found here. The quality of printed fitness posters is better than they ever expect and the costs of those persuade hundreds of seekers stop and get a few.
Fitness poster variety covers all possible sub themes.
Workout posters inspiring to begin or go on with everyday fitness exercises.
Bodybuilding posters reminding of what you can look like if you keep to your routine bodybuilding regime.
Gym posters can build up perfect advertising to the gym that you are trying to tell others about.
Crossfit posters look absolutely cheerful.
You are sure to find the posters that you need. However, those that have unearthly ideas also have a chance to get a good quality poster that would embody the idea in full. It can be based on an uploaded picture. This function makes the PrintMePoster.com unique and inimitable. And still, this is not the sky yet. Our regular visitors also enjoy the possibility to print posters of all possible sizes. This is very convenient for posters of different purposes.
The great variety of posters can first appear misleading. But you should not get disappointed as you can make use of the search engine that makes searches less time consuming.
According to a report from Dianna Marie Russini of NBC Washington, the Eagles are one of two finalists for free agent safety Jairus Byrd. The other team reported to be in the running is the Washington Redskins.
Sources say it will be between the Eagles or The Redskins for Jairus Byrd #NFLFreeAgency — Dianna Marie Russini (@NBCdianna) March 11, 2014
Exciting! The Eagles' interest in Byrd seems legitimate. They need a safety and Byrd is the top player on the market. Adam Caplan recently reported that the Eagles inquired about trading for Byrd last season. ESPN's Adam Clayton mentioned yesterday that the Eagles have been talking to Byrd's agent.
It's fun to see two division rivals competing for the same top free agent. Both teams will have a lot of money to offer, and that will ultimately be the deciding factor here. But if the price tag is close, it's possible Byrd will favor playing for a winner. Given the success of the Eagles' in 2013, that could give them the advantage. Then there's this report from Ian Rapoport:
Would be really surprised if #Redskins were in on Jairus Byrd, from what I'm hearing. We'll see his market. Return to Bills still possible — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) March 11, 2014
So perhaps the Redskins aren't in on Byrd after all?
It'll be interesting to see how it all unfolds. There's likely more to all of this than we currently know. Stay tuned to BGN for more updates.
A brutal but exhilarating NFC Championship that ended with a crazy diatribe by Seahawks corner Richard Sherman did a serious solid for the return of The Following.
The Kevin Bacon drama that aired from 10:18-11:18 p.m. averaged a 4.4 rating among adults 18-49 — a 38 percent increase from last year's premiere (2.2/8 on Jan. 21), according to Nielsen. The drama was also up 63% versus the season one finale on April 29 (2.7/7).
That, and the game, and Sherman, gave Fox its highest-rated night in the demo in two years. (Football finals will come later). Here is Sherman's big moment, in case you didn't see what ended up exploding on social media:
Ahem.
Anyhoo, let's get onto the rest of the nights: CBS played it safe by airing repeats, while NBC went with a Dateline (a mere .8/2) and the movie “Bridesmaids” (only a .9/2 for Melissa McCarthy!). ABC went with originals and suffered: The Bachelor: Love Stories earned a .9/2,
Revenge grabbed a 1.3/3, down 19% from last week, and the series finale of
Betrayal earned a .7/2, down 13% from last week.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WAKE COUNTY, NC - Principals in Wake County, North Carolina may no longer be allowed to name valedictorians and salutatorians, prestigious titles that go to the two high school seniors with the highest and second-highest grade point averages.
The school board unanimously agreed that such competition was "unhealthy" for students.
Starting in 2019, the two scholarly titles will be replaced with three larger Latin-named groups, similar to college distinctions, for all seniors who graduate with a weighted GPA of at least 3.75.
Here's the breakdown:
Cum laude - students who graduate with a GPA of 3.75 to 4.0
Magna cum laude - 4.0 GPA to 4.249
Summa cum laude - 4.25 GPA or higher
The News & Observer quotes Wake County School Board Chairman Tom Benton, "We have heard from many, many schools that the competition has become very unhealthy," Benton said. "Students were not collaborating with each other the way that we would like them to. Their choice of courses was being guided by their GPA and not their future education plans."
Rather than allowing just two seniors recognition during graduation as valedictorian or salutatorian, the new policy could allow up to 600 seniors each year the chance to be recognized.
Benton says, while he loves competition, the current system is based on one one-thousandth of a decimal point.
Hillary Clinton says she is pleased the Justice Department is investigating the events surrounding the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, and criticized the current state of America's criminal justice system.
"Now more broadly, each of us has to grapple with some hard truths about race and justice in America. Because despite all the progress we've made together, African Americans, most particularly African-American men, are still more likely to be stopped and searched by police, charged with crimes, and sentenced to longer prison terms," Clinton said Thursday at the Massachusetts Conference for Women in Boston. "And when one stops and realizes a third of all black men face the prospect of prison during their lifetimes, what devastating consequences that have for their families and their communities and all of us."
"The United States has less than 5% of the world's population, yet we have almost 25% of the world's total prison population. Now, that is not because Americans are more violent or criminal than others around the world; in fact that is far from the facts," Clinton said. "But it is because we have allowed our criminal justice system to get out of balance. And I personally hope that these tragedies give us the opportunity to come together as a nation to find our balance again."
The former secretary of state also said she supports President Obama's proposed task force on policing, but that the issue runs deeper than elected officials.
"These tragedies did not happen in some faraway place. They didn't happen to some other people," she said. "These are our streets, our children, our fellow Americans, and our grief."
Ruby Cramer contributed reporting.
Few people understand the price of overregulation like Harvey Silverglate. Over his long career as an attorney and journalist, Silverglate has seen a rising bureaucratic class enact hundreds of thousands of federal regulations and vaguely-worded statutes. The result has been the criminalization of everyday life. From university campuses to corporate boardrooms, ever more citizens are facing severe punishments for behavior that was once considered harmless.
Silverglate himself has been repeatedly pursued by the FBI, only to see the investigations come to nothing.
But the longtime civil libertarian is optimistic for change. Now that the regulatory state has grown so complex that powerful people are getting tripped up in their own rules, Silverglate thinks reform is possible. Regarding the trial of former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell for the vague charge of honest services fraud, he said: "People who wouldn't agree on what day of the week this is, agreed that the Department of Justice was becoming almost a terrorist organization with respect to state, local, and even federal public officials. That's what causes change: the people in power begin to get hurt by their own system."
Silverglate is the co-founder of The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE), the author of Three Felonies a Day: How the Feds Target the Innocent and co-author of The Shadow University: The Betrayal Of Liberty On America's Campuses. He spoke with Reason TV from his Boston office.
Runs 42 minutes.
Produced by Todd Krainin. Interview by Nick Gillespie. Cameras by Meredith Bragg and Jim Epstein.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
0:42 - What is overcriminalization?
4:37 - Why do we need mens rea reform?
7:06 - How did we get all these regulations and bureaucrats?
11:11 - How can we get out of this mess?
12:50 - Speech codes, kangaroo courts, and the overregulation of our universities.
17:28 - The changing student population and the end of in loco parentis.
23:26 - Herbert Marcuse and his "wacko theory" of differential rights.
27:07 - Is freedom of speech moving forwards or backwards in society?
30:25 - How the F.B.I. came after Silverglate.
34:00 - Silverglate discusses his background and influences.
Francis Phillip Tullier
Last Thursday, we kind of went back to the Dark Ages, when a 78-year-old Louisiana man was surgically castrated as part of a plea deal that will see him paroled after nearly 15 years in a state prison. The man, Francis Phillip Tullier, is a convicted child molester who faced “more than 6,000 counts of aggravated oral sexual battery and molestation of a juvenile” and pleaded guilty to three such counts. Tullier's lawyer, Nathan Fischer, told the Times surgical castration was the only circumstance under which Tullier would be released from prison before his death.
In a controversial move in 2008, Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal signed the Sex Offender Chemical Castration Bill, which authorizes the court to order the chemical castration of any person convicted of aggravated rape, forcible rape, second degree sexual battery, aggravated incest, molestation of a juvenile when the victim is under the age of 13, or an aggravated crime against nature. The bill mandates castration in the case of a second conviction in any of the above crimes. In some situations—as inTullier's case—judges may order surgical castrations.
Though there are debates in the medical, psychiatric, and legal communities about the effectiveness and constitutionality of the practice, castration has long been considered an acceptable form of punishment for sex offenders, with some studies citing that it can lead recidivism rates for sex offenders to drop to as low as 5 percent. Castration, the belief goes, significantly suppresses the offender's sex drive, making them less likely to commit sex crimes. But surgical castration, arguably a form of “cruel and unusual punishment,” was, for obvious reasons, abandoned in favor of chemical castration, wherein the periodic injection of some sort of weird castrating chemical is required instead.
How to treat sex offenders once they are released from prison is an interesting issue. If castration allows violent offenders to be rehabilitated and to successfully integrate into communities across the country (and not, you know, have to live in makeshift camps under a highway in Florida), then I guess I'm all for it. But I can't help but find it the teensiest bit uncanny.
America's refusal to recognize Palestine has always been controversial.
In his 2013 visit to the West Bank, President Obama said that "It is not fair that a Palestinian child cannot grow up in a state of her own." Yet, like administrations before it, the Obama administration has not only refused to recognize the statehood of Palestine, but has used that non-recognition to reap billions for the military-industrial complex. Whether they support U.S. foreign policy or not, Americans should understand the role U.S. political recognition plays, not only in thwarting regional stability, but in undermining our democratic ideals.
As a political sociologist, I am most familiar with the inner workings of political recognition. Through recognition, the practice of acknowledging an entity's statehood, governments open the doors to treaty relations, trade, foreign aid, and, potentially, membership in the United Nations. Recognition offers hope, the promise of equality and having a nation's voice heard on the world stage. But it also provides leverage by which powerful states like the U.S. can extract concessions and meddle in internal affairs.
Look at the enduring conflicts surrounding suppressed states like Taiwan and Palestine, which the U.S. does not recognize--the decades of bloodshed between Israel and Palestine, the Chinese missiles aimed at Taiwan since the third Taiwan Strait Crisis in 1996--and the costs of being unrecognized to become blazingly clear.
During my research into the United States' refusal to recognize the statehood of Palestine, I found that the state of Palestine was recognized by a higher percentage of governments at the time of its failed application to the U.N. in 2011 (68 percent) than Israel was (64 percent) when it was successfully admitted in 1948.
Contrary to claims, the primary reason for this wasn't Palestinian unilateralism and belligerence. No, the real reason was U.S. obstructionism and efforts designed to blame the Palestinian people--depicting them as unreasonable unilateralists in order to further U.S. and Israeli interests.
By withholding recognition and blocking its admission to the U.N., the U.S. has attempted to force Palestine into accepting statehood that, by design, fixes the game by ensuring a "qualitative military edge" for Israel.
I can't imagine anything less democratic, less American.
That military edge goes well beyond arguments about what is "right" and "just." Privileging Israel by denying recognition to Palestine strengthens America's strategic foothold in an oil producing region. It also supports Israel as a client market for U.S. weapons sales. By 2015, American aid to Israel had long surpassed the $100 billion mark, transforming Israel into one of the top ten arms suppliers in the world.
Withholding recognition, it turns out, is big for business.
And it doesn't end there. The U.S. has reaped billions more by strategically withholding recognition from Taiwan, too. By denying recognition while still treating Taiwan like an independent state by selling it weapons to defend itself from the invasion of China, the United States has helped perpetuate Taiwan's ambiguous international position while setting it up as a lucrative client for U.S. arms sales in the Asia-Pacific.
Last year, the Obama administration authorized the sale of $1.83 billion in arms to Taiwan. This was over and above the $23.59 billion (not adjusted for inflation) made since 1980 as reported by the Arms Control Association in 2012.
There are several reasons why the U.S. recognition game has become a political racket. First and foremost is that with no central authority to provide oversight, state leaders are free to interpret the "facts" of an entity's statehood in ways that support stereotypes and further their own interests. Furthermore, as I found in my research on the recognition of Taiwan and Palestine, the institution of recognition has built within it an institutionalized privilege for Great Powers like the United States. Such states wield disproportionate power and influence, such as in the United Nations Security Council, and they typically do everything they can to ensure that the game remains fixed in their favor.
As we've seen time and time again with Taiwan and Palestine, this creates a self-reinforcing cycle: suppressed states fight for their rights by seeking recognition, recognition is denied in order to further self-interests, and the conflict continues--with those on top reaping the benefits.
If the U.S. is to be taken as anything other than a bully, and if we truly have an interest in creating a lasting peace in the Middle East and across the Taiwan Strait, it will not be through denying recognition of Taiwan and Palestine in order to further American self-interests. We must acknowledge and take responsibility for the conflicts we have helped to create, and act to create real change. That, after all, is the true hallmark of democracy -- a commitment to justice, honest self-appraisal, and action -- even when it means challenging ourselves and the political institutions we hold most dear.
_____
DaShanne Stokes, Ph.D., is a sociologist, writer, and television and radio commentator. He received his doctorate in sociology from the University of Pittsburgh for his research on the recognition of Tibet, Taiwan, and Palestine.
Barton was banned for 12 games by the Football Association for attacking three Manchester City players in the final game of last season, and was also stripped of the QPR captaincy and fined £75,000 by his club.
<noframe>Twitter: Joseph Barton - Brilliant training today. Absolutely loved it. Good blow on. Feels great when you get a sweat on... <a href="http://search.twitter.com/search?q=happydays" target="_blank">#happydays</a></noframe>
Although QPR did not terminate Barton's contract, Mark Hughes was furious with him and has been unimpressed with his influence in the dressing room.
Fleetwood are understood to have offered him a chance to maintain his fitness ahead of the 2012-13 season after a number of players approached manager Micky Mellon saying Barton was keen.
And after his first session the former Newcastle player tweeted: "Brilliant training today. Absolutely loved it. Good blow on. Feels great when you get a sweat on, #happydays."
He is due to travel to Scotland with the club's first team for a pre-season tour.
Fleetwood, promoted to League Two for the first time in their history last season, are understood to be keen on signing Barton on loan until January, although they would expect QPR to pay the vast majority of his £80,000-a-week wages.
The reality is that Barton will only train with them for a few weeks.
When he announced his intention to join up with Mellon's side, Barton tweeted: “Looking forward to training with Fleetwood Town for the week. Will get a much-needed sweat on. “Still have 3 years left at QPR. Exciting times for the club, which I intended to be a part of.
"Need to get some fitness in the meantime...Training with them will certainly help me with my short term fitness and my plan on being as fit as possible during my 12 game ban.”
By Tony Edwards – San Jose, CA (Dec 23, 2014) US Soccer Players – In two paragraphs, we find all the positives and problems encapsulated for the NASL. From the Jacksonville Armada's website:
“All 10 of the Armada FC's regular season matches in the spring season, home and away, will be broadcast live on CW17 with home and select road matches also broadcast live on SportsRadio 930-AM. “The NASL will announce the fall part of the 2015 schedule in early January.”
The biggest positive is that the team is launching on schedule and in the Spring season (like the Indy 11 and unlike the Cosmos). They've seemingly avoided the usual minor league soccer issues that still plague the game in this country (location, stadium, capital, capital, and capital).
Also positive is that another minor league soccer team (like Indy, again) has a local television contract. Too often we've seen franchises and leagues push away from making it easy for an audience to find them. I concur with the idea that your local audience is the most important audience for any minor league sports franchise. We've known since the 1940s that television and broadcast can help grow the audience.
The market itself might also be a positive. Jacksonville has the Jaguars of the NFL, but the rest of the market is minor league baseball, arena football, rugby, the American Basketball Association, and two Division I universities you probably haven't heard of (Jacksonville and the University of North Florida). I don't believe in low-hanging fruit when it comes to selling tickets for soccer in this country (unless Manchester United or FC Barcelona are involved), but there is the chance to build here in a market that has had minor league baseball for a while.
With all respect to Jacksonville, with MLS coming to Orlando and Atlanta we're not going to see that market move to the first division. David Beckham's group is not going to suddenly cast their eyes on this market and dump their Miami plans. However, there's no reason that, with the proper resources, this can't be a great NASL city. Until, of course, we discover the reasons.
I'd add when the schedule starts as a positive also. What we do know is that the second division starts their 10-game Spring season a month after MLS starts their 2015 schedule. The NASL games begin in early April rather than in early March. For a league with franchises in Edmonton and Ottawa, it would be asking a lot to start much earlier. Even then, Edmonton has three of its first four games at home, which seems odd. Still, this gives the team a chance to sell.
The other side of the ledger starts with the Spring/Fall season split. Five home games in the Spring isn't a season, it's barely a warm-up. Instead, these 10-games have unfair weight placed on them. The 1st-place team gets a spot in the playoffs, presuming the NASL keeps the same playoff format this coming season. A bad game or two and all of a sudden what is supposed to be a glamour team is looking at their US Open Cup schedule.
Because teams can't afford to drop points early in the Spring season, what we've seen is that instead of playing to win on the road, teams are trying to grind out a result. The NASL doesn't need a bunch of 1-1 results or home teams faced with two banks of four sitting deep and trying to hit on the counter. Too often there is the mentality of one point gained rather than two points missed.
This doesn't help. I've argued for a while that this United States, and certainly the second division, is not a mature soccer market. When you are a team at the highest level of the number one, established sport in a league with a huge international TV contract, yeah, staying in the Premier League or the Bundesliga by almost any means necessary is understandable. If Jozy Altidore's Sunderland could guarantee their place at the top of the league pyramid next season by being tough to break down, well, that's the other side of the revolution, isn't it? Games where teams play to survive so they can collect the broadcast money.
That doesn't apply in MLS, USL-Pro, or the NASL. Soccer in the US is entertainment and up against a lot of competition for people's dollars. The NASL has to give people reasons to spend their money and watch their games. In this case, I'd argue the old NASL had it at least partially right by awarding points in the standings for goals. That's never going to fly now, so it's up to the league to find ways to discourage teams from looking to grind it out.
What we have are a lot of positives (local-ish rivalries with Ft Lauderdale, Tampa, and Atlanta), a market that looks ripe for growth, and a competitive but not overwhelming league. The old questions remain whenever we talk about minor league soccer trying to take hold in a market, but Jacksonville looks to be starting things the right way.
Tony Edwards is a soccer writer from the Bay Area.
More from Tony Edwards:
Several Marathi writers and artists today gathered here to protest against the voices being raised over "intolerance" in the country.
Those who attended the meeting, held to condemn these protests, included Sachidanand Shewade, Abhiram Bhadkamkar and artist Suhas Bahulkar among others.
Noted artist Vasudeo Kamat was to participate in this event but he attended a similar event in today, an organiser told PTI.
Noted industrialist Shriram Dandekar was also present at the gathering, organised by Vivek Jagaran Manch.
Convener of the Manch, Shirish Deshpande, alleged that the intolerance debate is an attempt to malign the image of the country and is intended to target the government at the Centre.
"Writers who value the awards more than their writing participated in the event," Deshpande said.
"Those protesting today in the name of intolerance are the same people who supported when Emergency was imposed," he alleged.
A man has been charged in India for running one of the most influential ISIS propaganda accounts on Twitter, after being unmasked by Channel 4 News. But who is the real man behind the mask?
The man alleged to have operated the single most influential pro-ISIS Twitter account, identified following a Channel 4 News investigation last year, has today been charged by police in India.
Mehdi Biswas is alleged by India's police to have operated the @ShamiWitness Twitter account, which was followed by two-thirds of all the foreign jihadis on Twitter according to research by ICSR at King's College London.
Following his arrest in December, police in India today filed a chargesheet against him, which lays out the charges which a court will consider.
On Twitter the City Crime Branch of Bengaluru City Police, India, said: “Charge Sheet against Mehdi Masroor Biswas is filed under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, it contains 35,000 pages & 122,000 tweets.”
Joint Commissioner of Police, M. Chandrashekhar said that he is charged with supporting a terrorist organisation, waging war against the State, unlawful activities, conspiracy, sedition and promoting enmity, according to the Hindu newspaper.
Mr Chandrashekhar said the charges include aiding and abetting a terrorist organisation on Twitter.
At the end of last year the Channel 4 News investigation revealed that the @ShamiWitness account was being run by Mehdi Biswas. The 24 year old office worker from Bangalore admitted that he ran the Twitter account and shut it down.
The Real ShamiWitness
Mr Biswas stands accused of glorifying ISIS war crimes and terrorism. But information gathered by Channel 4 News reveals another side to him, a man who attended Hawaiian themed parties, was obsessed with American superhero movies, adored Hollywood actresses and shared Western jokes and cartoons on Facebook almost every day.
Mr Biswas was a manufacturing executive at food production company ITC until his arrest, according to his Facebook page, where he boasted in 2012 about what an important job he had.
“I have been working for the past 9 months in one of the top 5 top Indian conglomerates, working directly with most influential bosses … just saying … please suck on that”.
While the @ShamiWitness account appeared to defend some of ISIS's most violent acts as an anonymous propagandist, Mehdi spoke of adoring Hollywood and democracy.
On Facebook he spoke of his disappointment at India's election result: “You had a chance of turning this largest democracy on the planet into a really free country.”
Soon after explicit images of Hollywood celebrities were leaked online, he wrote on Facebook: “Well I like Jennifer Lawrence even more now.”
And at the end of 2013 he wrote: “A man's shirt is like a flag on a conquered fortress.”
On Twitter @ShamiWitness was recorded praising martyred British fighters for their dedication and sacrifice. But Mehdi Biswas seemed like a normal twenty-something on Facebook. He posted pictures from visits to the mall, sharing funny pictures online, and eating takeaway pizza for brunch with his friends.
He did occasionally post on Facebook about the Syrian civil war last year, including regular criticism of the Assad regime.
He shares similar interests to that of @_UmmWaqqas, an influential Twitter account that was also identified by Channel 4 News as being operated by Seattle-twentysomething Rawdah Abdi. She was a key online contact for recruits who want to join ISIS, and was also a fan of American football, Starbucks and pizza.
Before his arrest in December 2014, Mehdi Biswas told Channel 4 News that he was behind the account and said: “No I haven't done anything wrong.”
“I haven't harmed anybody, I haven't broken any laws of the country. I haven't raised any war or any violence against the public of India.”
‘#FreeShamiWitness'
At the time of the arrest of Mehdi Biswas, Dr Ajai Sahni, executive director of the Institute for Conflict Management in Delhi, told Channel 4 News that India's legal system is “extremely formalistic”. He added that the entire process is “punishment by trial” and that the prospects of conviction were slim.
Supporters of @ShamiWitness continue to campaign for his release, and express almost everyday on Twitter how much they miss @ShamiWitness, asking their followers to pray for his release.
Pro-ISIS supporters on Twitter quoted a phrase incorrectly attributed to Voltaire, saying: “I disapprove of what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it. #shamiwitness”.
He wrote on Twitter shortly before his arrest: “May allah guide, protect, strengthen and expand the Islamic State … Islamic State brought peace, autonomy, zero corruption, low crime-rate.”
CLOSE About 200 shipwrecks sit on the bottom of the Hudson River, including one just north of the Tappan Zee Bridge. (Michael Risinit/The JournalNews)
About 200 shipwrecks, some possibly dating to the Revolutionary War, sit on riverbed.
Story Highlights Some 300 "targets" are scattered across the river's bottom
Railroad cars, bricks are remnants of river's industrious past
Many of shipwrecks are thought to be canal boats
ROCKLAND COUNTY, N.Y. -- A load of Pennsylvania coal and the wood barge in which it sits on the bottom of New York's Hudson River are remnants of the Hudson's role in industry and commerce when it was a highway for people and goods.
The barge and its cargo are now in the construction zone for the new Tappan Zee Bridge, an effort to expand and improve a busy interstate corridor.
The vessel is thought to be at least a century old. It's among some 300 "targets" scattered across the river's bottom. Almost two-thirds of those are thought to be shipwrecks; the rest are nonnatural items that ended up beneath the river's waters.
"People have been running up and down the river for hundreds of years. Now there are all sorts of stuff down there," said Robin Bell, a geophysicist with Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in Rockland County, N.Y. "There are some things clearly on the bottom of the river that are not shipwrecks, that humans put there."
STORY: Calif. project may set environmental example
Bell was among the several scientists who mapped the river's bottom with sonar several years ago. Mostly funded by the state, that work aimed to study the different sediments and habitats stretching from the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge to Troy, N.Y. But their high-tech instruments revealed a cache of historical riches: about 200 shipwrecks with some possibly dating to the Revolutionary War. Also unveiled were more mundane items such as railroad cars and bricks left over from the vast industry that once lined the river.
The shipwrecks appear to represent much of the river's maritime history. Sail and steam, canal boats and barges dot the bottom, according to a 2004 report from SUNY Stony Brook analyzing some of the state's data. What is thought to be a 19th-century Hudson River sloop was found at the bottom of Haverstraw Bay. Revolutionary War gunboats may lie near the Bear Mountain Bridge.
Many of the wrecks are thought to be canal boats, built to ply the waters of the Erie and Champlain canals. Others are barges, such as the 10 or so that went to the bottom in 1902 laden with bricks, wood and coal. Heavy winds caused their demise.
“People have been running up and down the river for hundreds of years. Now there are all sorts of stuff down there. ” Robin Bell, geophysicist, Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory
The locations and other information about all the wrecks are a state secret. The Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation maintains a database of shipwrecks but doesn't share the information for fear of encouraging looters. State and federal law also restricts the release of such information, a spokesman said.
"Archaeological resources, including shipwrecks, offer rare opportunities to provide new information on history and prehistory to varying levels of significance," parks spokesman Dan Keefe said. "As part of the review of the Tappan Zee bridge project, (this office) has collected information about the coal barge that will further our understanding of economic development and technological progression in the Hudson River Valley."
Similar to the state, the river itself doesn't easily give up its mysteries. Some 13,000 square miles drain into the Hudson, clouding the water with bits of soil.
Sonar is one way to see see things in the Hudson River, said James Kennard of shipwreckworld.com. Sonar relies on sound waves to locate an object. The rate at which the waves bounce off an object help determine its size and makeup. Kennard, an electrical engineer, has trawled the Great Lakes and the Hudson with his own sonar. In 2010, he found seven wrecks in the river. Among them, he said, were a steamboat and a schooner.
Swimming down to a wreck yielded little information. The illumination from a powerful light held at arm's length disappeared in the murky waters, Kennard said. Divers investigating the coal barge near the Tappan Zee had a similar problem.
"Though there was essentially no underwater visibility, the divers made a number of observations through the use of probes, their hands and their arms," according to the state's October 2012 report "Investigation and Evaluation of Submerged Archaeological Resources."
The barge is covered with 12 to 18 inches of oyster shells and has a rounded bow and stern, according to bridge project documents. Its sonar image shows a vessel about 93 feet long, 24 feet wide and with a height from the river bottom of seven feet.
Its cargo is described as a full load of coal dug from the mines of the Lehigh Valley, too large to be immediately burned in a boiler. The Delaware and Hudson Canal stretched from Pennsylvania coal country to Roundout on the Hudson River in Ulster County, N.Y.
According to state documents, the coal barge is recommended as eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places. A spokesman for the Thruway Authority, which is overseeing the $3.9 billion bridge project, couldn't address how the wreck might be protected during construction.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YfEk1x
Rafael Lopez is a U.S. Army veteran who served two yearlong tours in Iraq. The first, in 2003-2004, he describes as nerve-racking. The second, which came after the troop surge, he describes as almost as a vacation.
But the war did not prepare the 27-year-old for what happened to him and a group of his friends one recent morning in downtown Minneapolis, which some folks say resembles the Wild, Wild West these days.
Lopez, of Coon Rapids, and two married couples he knows were attacked by a gang of 10 men ages 16 to early 20s, shortly after the group of friends left the Aqua nightclub in the city's Warehouse District early Sept. 2. The brazen assault took place not more than 30 feet from the 1st Police Precinct station on Fourth Street between Hennepin Avenue and First Avenue North.
Now, if I were going to get assaulted, I would think that being next to a police station would be the best place to be. Help is next door, right? Not that morning, according to an internal affairs unit complaint filed by the group last weekend.
SHE SAID COP SAID ‘NOT MY PROBLEM'
The assault took place after members of the gang of assailants crossed paths with Lopez and his friends – Joshua Rivera, 27, and his wife, Magdalena Malajowicz, 26, of Blaine, and Joshua's brother, Jonathan Rivera, 19, and his wife, Bobbie, 19, of Coon Rapids – as the group walked to their car.
Several “inappropriate” remarks were directed at Magdalena, who responded by declaring that she was “taken.” That prompted more remarks from the gang.
Lopez was ahead of the married couples when he heard the commotion and doubled back to escort Magdalena from the fray. That's when one of two assailants sucker-punched Lopez on the left jaw and began beating him.
Jonathan Rivera confronted Lopez's attackers and was then jumped by three others. Joshua tried to protect his younger brother and was accosted by four others.
Magdalena, according to the complaint, was punched in the head as she tried to pull one of Lopez's assailants from him. That's when she ran up the police station's steps for help. She passed through the front door, but the second one leading into the station was locked. She began gesturing wildly for the officer visible on the other side of the glass door to come out, “but he just shrugged his shoulders,” according to the complaint.
The thugs fled north on Fourth Street as Magdalena returned to find her husband unconscious on the sidewalk. She ran down the street and called 911 from a bystander's cellphone. Then she saw the same officer come out and she confronted him, asking him why he did not show up sooner.
“He said that she needed to calm down and that he didn't need to deal with this because it happens all the time and then he went back inside,” according to the complaint. “Didn't even give her a chance to calm down, didn't even ask if we needed an ambulance, it was literally 10 seconds and he was already going back inside.”
‘GET OUT'
Lopez, meanwhile, was regaining his senses from a pummeling from which he almost lost consciousness while lying in the middle of the street near the police station.
“I remember one of them telling the other to grab my wallet, and that's when I awoke and tried to punch them off me,” he told me last week as he recounted the incident.
His face bruised and bloodied, he said, he tried to enter the police station to at least file a report.
He got one foot in the second door, which was now open, but the same officer – identified only as badge No. 2702 in the complaint – repeatedly yelled for him to get out.
“I tried asking them about the situation in a calmly (sic) manner and two other cops came out, put their gloves on and were yelling at me, telling me to get out. I didn't want further implications so I walked out,” Lopez wrote in the complaint.
Minneapolis police spokesman Sgt. William Palmer identified badge 2702 as officer Aaron Hanson.
During the incident, two more calls were made to 911 before two cops on horseback, one male and one female, approached the group on the street and asked if they needed an ambulance.
They said no and then asked to speak to the chief of police. Good luck there.
“Two more police officers came and one of them told us that the chief of police was too busy and they were not going to be able to do anything that night,” according to the complaint. “They said that there were a lot of fights going on that night, and if we want to file a complaint against what happened, we could do that tomorrow.”
ANY HELP FOR ‘REGULAR FOLK'?
Lopez returned to the station later that morning and filed an incident report. He figured police surveillance cameras on the street and at the police station captured the assault. He hoped the videos would lead to the identity of the assailants, whom he suspected were members of a gang because they were all wearing white and red shirts.
It turned out he wasted his time.
“We regret that this case does not meet our threshold for investigative assignment at the present time,” stated a letter on official police department stationery that arrived in Lopez's mailbox Monday.
Palmer, the Minneapolis police spokesman, said the department and Hanson had no comment because of an active investigation into the complaint filed by Lopez.
Lopez said he understands the cops downtown have their hands full with a thug and criminal element that seems to be running amok after dark.
“It's very clear to me now who has control of the city, and that is the lowlife people that patrol it at night, just looking for trouble, looking to see who they can harass, assault and rob,” Lopez wrote in the complaint.
Actually, violent crimes in downtown Minneapolis logged by police through Monday of this past week are down 15 percent from the same period last year.
There were 406 reported incidents through Sept. 12, 2010, and 346 this year.
But downtown has had its share of nighttime drama this spring and summer.
On Memorial Day, as bars closed, three men were shot. City officials also moved to strip the Karma nightclub of its liquor license after logging 165 police calls to the club since last year, as well as assaults against police officers and robberies in or around the club. Two Saturdays ago, scores of police in riot gear quelled a “mini-riot” that broke out during a party of 1,000 teenagers next to the Hyatt Regency. And on Monday, two men were stabbed, one fatally, inside a downtown Minneapolis parking ramp.
Lopez also understands that cops sometimes have a hard time distinguishing victim from attacker during such incidents. But he and his group of friends is not troublemakers, he stressed. He works as a tier 2 support engineer for a computer-data storage firm in Bloomington. Joshua Rivera is an assistant AT&T store manager. His wife has the same position at a Walgreens store. Jonathan Rivera is headed for U.S. Air Force boot camp in Texas next week.
As for the alleged behavior of the cops at the police station, Lopez knows the building would have emptied had it been a member in blue getting pounced on outside.
“But we are just regular folk,” he said. He recalled the department's motto, which is stenciled on the side of squad cars and appears on the online site he used to file the complaint: “To protect with courage, to serve with compassion.”
“Unfortunately, in our case, they did neither that night,” he said last week.
Ruben Rosario can be reached at 651-228-5454 or rrosario@pioneerpress.com.
Far Cry 5 comes to America with a battle for its very soul. Welcome to Hope County, Montana, land of the free and the brave, but also home to a fanatical doomsday cult known as Eden's Gate.
Stand up to the cult's leader, Joseph Seed, his siblings, the Heralds, and spark the fires of resistance that will liberate your besieged community. From the savage mountain forest to the hamlet of Fall's End, freely explore Montana's rivers, lands, and skies in true Far Cry style, with more customizable weapons and vehicles than ever before.
Carve your own path through a world that reacts to your decisions. Build your character, make your own allies, and watch the world change as you progress. Find your own way to survive, thrive, and beat back the forces of oppression. The stakes have never been higher.
Black Box Thinking: The Surprising Truth About Success. By Matthew Syed. John Murray; 352 pages; £20. To be published in America in November by Portfolio; 336 pages; $27.95.
Inside the Nudge Unit: How Small Changes Can Make a Big Difference. By David Halpern. W.H. Allen; 400 pages; £20.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
EMBRACING failure is a cliché of the business world. The Harvard Business Review devoted an entire issue to it in 2011. People should be open about their mistakes and tolerant of others'; this is the route to improvement, goes the thinking. But as Matthew Syed, a journalist at the Times, shows in a new book, “Black Box Thinking”, in practice a “stigmatising attitude towards error” pervades everyday life. This has big implications.
Success brings its own rewards, but the world comes down hard on those who are deemed failures. The desire to avoid such opprobrium prompts people to cover up mistakes, argues Mr Syed. Doctors tell patients of “complications”. Police fail to drop cases against people accused of committing a crime, even after clear evidence emerges of their innocence. Politicians plough on with policies even when it is obvious they are not working. All are psychological strategies to avoid admitting fault.
Fear of failure can have devastating consequences, as Mr Syed shows in a story about United Airlines. In 1978, as a plane approached its destination, the pilot worried that the landing gear had not come down. Desperate, he tried to establish what was wrong, becoming blinded to the plane's dwindling fuel reserves. Eventually the tank was empty and the plane crashed. The worry of making a mistake—subjecting the passengers to a bumpy landing—blinded him to bigger problems.
The story is a metaphor. Investors hold on to losing stocks longer than they should. Unable to face the shame of a bad return, they end up with a much bigger loss. Fred Goodwin of RBS, a bank, fretted about the colour of the carpets at head office while his firm collapsed under the weight of the financial crisis. The medical profession is especially intolerant of mishaps, says Mr Syed. This means that mistakes are not scrutinised and people do not learn from them. Small wonder that blunders are pervasive. According to one study of acute care in hospitals, one in ten patients “is killed or injured as a consequence of medical error or institutional shortcomings”.
What to do? One solution is making it easy for people to own up or speak up, as the airline industry has learned to do better than any other. Mr Syed's more novel suggestion, though, is the rigorous testing of business strategies. This forces people to make improvements. The gold standard is the “randomised control trial” (RCT), in which a treatment group is compared with a control group. Capital One, a credit-card company, has used RCTs obsessively—over the fonts it uses, for example, and the scripts at its call-centres—to assess which initiatives fail and which do not. James Dyson, a technology entrepreneur, and Google are other cheerleaders for this hyper-rational school of management.
This approach may also hold benefits for governments. David Halpern is the boss of the British government's Behavioural Insights Team (BIT), known as the “nudge unit”, which uses RCTs to improve policy. His new book, “Inside the Nudge Unit”, offers an interesting, if familiar, discussion. Identifying points of failure and making small changes, he argues, reaps disproportionate gains. By including a message on a car-tax form appealing to people's sense of humanity, the BIT sharply boosted organ donations.
Much still needs to be done. Between 2010 and 2012 the BIT saved the British government only £300m ($457m), a negligible proportion of GDP. Few businesses incorporate RCTs as extensively as Capital One. Much more could be done. Hospitals could subject doctors to RCTs; identify the mistake-prone and then help them. Civil servants could randomly test the economic impact of policies, such as changes to income tax, before rolling them out. It sounds extreme, but confronting failure rationally would bring huge rewards.
A study just released by Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health compared the use of prescription opioids and stimulants among high school graduates, non-graduates, and their college-attending peers, and found that young adults who do not attend college are at particularly high risk for nonmedical prescription opioid use and disorder. In contrast, the nonmedical use of prescription stimulants is higher among college-educated young adults. Results of the study are published online in the journal Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology.
Non-medical use of prescription opioids is any self-reported use of prescription pain relievers that were not prescribed or that the respondent took only to experience the feeling they provided.
Among non-college-attending young adults with at least a high school degree, 13.1 percent reported using prescription opioids for non-medical reasons. The figure rose slightly to 13.2 percent for those who did not graduate from high school, and declined to 11.3 percent among college attendees.
The relationship between educational attainment and prescription drug use disorder was seen to a greater extent in women: young women who completed high school but were not enrolled in college were at a significantly greater risk of opioid disorder than their college-attending counterparts, while the difference between male college students and males with a high school diploma/GED for past-year opioid disorder was negligible.
Until this study, little was known about nonmedical use of prescription drugs among non-college-attending young adults in the United States. Approximately 70 percent of all U.S. young adults enroll in some form of college education, but around 30 percent do not.
"Our findings clearly show there is a need for young adult prevention and intervention programs to target nonmedical prescription drug use beyond college campuses," said Silvia S. Martins, MD, PhD, Mailman School of Public Health associate professor of Epidemiology.
While a large proportion of young adults, ages 18 to 22, are prescribed opiates, non-medical use of opioids is second only to marijuana as the most prevalent form of illegal drug use among young adults.
"This age group is particularly vulnerable to the development of adverse substance using patterns, due in part to the process of identity formation that emerges at this developmental stage," noted Martins, first author of the study.
The researchers analyzed public data for 36,781 young adults between the ages of 18 and 22 over a 12-month period in 2008 through 2010 from the National Survey on Drug Use and Health, an annual cross-sectional survey of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration. Using the Kessler 6 screening instrument, the researchers also measured past-year serious psychological distress as self-reported by the respondents.
Non-Hispanic Blacks and Asians were less likely to use prescription opioids non-medically in the past-year compared to non-Hispanic Whites. Those who reported experiencing psychological distress most recently were more likely than those without distress to be non-medical users of the drugs.
The researchers also looked at non-medical use of prescription stimulants. The result was the opposite of what they found with opioids: Those without a high school degree and those who completed high school or equivalency were less likely to have used nonmedical stimulants compared to their college-attending peers. Asian users of the stimulants for non-medical purposes were more likely than whites to develop a stimulant use disorder. Living in a large metropolitan area was associated with a greater use of stimulants that were not prescribed compared to those living in less urban areas. Hometown size also had a bearing on whether this led to a stimulant-use disorder.
"More than 40 percent of the nonmedical prescription opioid and stimulant users identified in our data who initiated use of these drugs at 18 years of age or younger went on to develop prescription opioid and stimulant disorders," said Martins. "Therefore, prevention messages targeting young adult users of these drugs without a prescription are crucial to prevent escalation to either of these syndromes."
Dr. Martins is currently a consultant for Purdue Pharma. All other authors have no conflict of interest. The study was supported by the National Institute of Drug Abuse-National Institutes of Health (DA023434, K01DA030449, T32DA031099); the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child and Human Development (HD060072); and the National Institute on Alcohol and Alcoholism (K01AA021511).
About Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health
Founded in 1922, Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health pursues an agenda of research, education, and service to address the critical and complex public health issues affecting New Yorkers, the nation and the world. The Mailman School is the third largest recipient of NIH grants among schools of public health. Its over 450 multi-disciplinary faculty members work in more than 100 countries around the world, addressing such issues as preventing infectious and chronic diseases, environmental health, maternal and child health, health policy, climate change & health, and public health preparedness. It is a leader in public health education with over 1,300 graduate students from more than 40 nations pursuing a variety of master's and doctoral degree programs. The Mailman School is also home to numerous world-renowned research centers including ICAP (formerly the International Center for AIDS Care and Treatment Programs) and the Center for Infection and Immunity. For more information, please visit www.mailman.columbia.edu
The fifth installment in the long running Bourne Identity franchise hits theaters this weekend, but it doesn't look like its set for a great start.
Jason Bourne can be related to last years Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation in a number of different ways. For starters, they're both the fifth installment in a long running spy action franchise that serves as a follow up to a reboot after the original trilogy concluded and given a release in the last weekend of July. Other than that, totally different. Rogue Nation may have been seen as a tad bit underwhelming in its opening weekend of $55 million, but it held very well and was able to total with over $190 million domestically and just a hair short of Ghost Protocol worldwide. Rogue Nation was also following up on the goodwill and unexpected success of said fourth installment, while Jason Bourne is following up on 2012's The Bournce Legacy, a failed attempt at rebooting the franchise with Jeremy Renner as the lead. Oh yeah, the fifth Mission: Impossible film was also set to star Jeremy Renner. Coincidence?
The original expectations for Rogue Nation were at around $60-$70 million, a bit higher than what Jason Bourne is now tracking (around $50-$60 million or so). Considering the mixed reviews and a lack of online buzz, it wouldn't be surprising if Jason Bourne wound up under $50 million for the weekend, and it could even end up closer to The Bourne Legacy than any of its other predecessors.
Also opening is low budget comedy Bad Moms, which is going after the very underserved summer female audience. This is also a good chance for STX Entertainment to have a solid win, after disappointing results from Hardcore Henry and Free State of Jones likely put their organization on the chopping block. With a budget of just $20 million and strong pre sale tickets, Bad Moms could wind up with over $25 million for the weekend, which would be a huge success. Reviews are also solid, with a 60% on Rotten Tomatoes. That's actually higher than Jason Bourne, surprisingly enough.
Finally, Nerve is getting a wide release as well. The film also carries a $20 million price tag, and is mostly going after the teen audience. The film got a solid start on Wednesday, with a $3.7 million start on opening day. For a non holiday Wednesday start, that's a good sign, and the film will likely wind up with more than $15 million by Sunday. It's going to have a tough time holding on with Suicide Squad on the way next weekend, and the Wednesday start was likely done to squeeze a bit more cash out before the real competition sets in. With a solid A- Cinemascore, Nerve should be able to total with more than $40 million domestically.
Among holdovers, Star Trek Beyond will benefit from holding onto most of its IMAX and 3D screens with no major release in either of those formats, while Lights Out will prove whether or not it'll play like a traditional horror film, or more like the surprise long term success of 2013's The Conjuring. Regardless, its low budget and simplistic premise means It's probably already a franchise in the making.
Bar for Success
The Bourne Legacy was able to get to $38 million in its opening despite way more competition and no Matt Damon. Considering how slow the summer box office has been, Jason Bourne needs at least $50 million to get a pass. Bad Moms is fine at $20 million, while Nerve is fine at $15 million over its five day start.
Weekend Predictions
Jason Bourne – $43M Bad Moms – $31M Star Trek Beyond – $29M The Secret Life of Pets – $19M Nerve – $12M ($18M Five Day)
Advertisements
It was a rough game last Sunday for the Chicago Bears on both sides of the ball and may of their issues could be traced back to the trenches. On defense it was an inability to get consistent pressure on Matthew Stafford that really put a lot of stress on Chicago's back end, leading to Stafford passing for over 400 yards.
On the other side of the ball, Chicago's o-line wasn't able to get enough of a push, and consequently their running backs were held to just 2.7 yards per carry. Their pass protection was very sketchy all day as well, forcing the athletic Jay Cutler to evade the Detroit pass rush on most of his drop backs.
I went back to the tape and dissected the play of the Bears starting five, and in the handful of games I grade each year, this wasn't one of their better preformances.
I use a simple plus/minus grading system, so if you do your job, you get a +, but if you don't it's a - for you.
Left Guard Matt Slauson +68/-12 (85%)
Slauson received my highest grade on the day, and he's just a solid player. Nothing flashy, just solid. He usually just finds some way to get his blocks made. On the plays he struggled, it was a mixed bag of reasons why. He pulled through the hole on a power play too high and was stood up. He took a bad angle attacking the 2nd level. He got a little sloppy on technique.
Center Hroniss Grasu +65/-15 (81.3%)
When I hit Grasu with a negative grade it was often times a play where he was caught thinking. Moving to the second level and unsure who to pick up. Working a combo block and coming off of it a little late. His overall technique was good most of the game, but he still has to get a little stronger. I can see why Chicago's plan was to let him sit for a year, but now that he's been forced into the lineup, he needs to stay.
Right Tackle Kyle Long +64/-16 (80%)
Kyle Long was very vocal with his disgust about his play against the Lions. He was pretty good in pass protection, but in the run game there were times when he flat out missed his man. He also had a couple holding penalties that hurt his team. His bad game notwithstanding, Long is six games into his career at tackle and I don't see a situation where the Bears would ever move him back to guard.
Left Tackle Charles Leno Jr. +63/-17 (78.8%)
Leno was better in the run game than I originally thought, even though he did miss a few blocks. He was OK at the point of attack and he showed good athleticism when asked too pull and get out in front on screens. His pass protection, which needs to be his strength as a left tackle, was bad. I know some Bears' fans think Leno is ready to take over full time at LT, but the 24 year old still has some work to do before being a better option than a healthy Jermon Bushrod.
Leno has been matched up against some prolific edge rushers these last few weeks, so that could have led to his struggles. If the Bears do decide to stick with the younger player at tackle, I hope they seriously consider the veteran Bushrod making a move to right guard, because that position has been the Bears weakest all year long.
Right Guard Vladimir Ducasse +63/-17 (78.8%)
Ducasse isn't a bad run blocker when he's decisive and aggressive, but the mental mistakes seem to get the better of him on occasion. As a pass blocker he seems lost at times. Even though Ducasse still leads the Bears with 7 penalties, he hasn't been flagged since week 4.
http://youtu.be/B-Y_EGGj918
In this video I share with you how to take control of your mind and unleash your potential. You are not your mind and you should control it rather than being controlled by it.
Your thoughts are the result of your belief system. Your belief system was consciously but also largely unconsciously created by the way you've interpreted your environment as well as what your family, your friends, the society or the media have been telling you. If you don't like your current belief system who said you shouldn't change it?
For the new year that is coming why not take the empowering resolution to create a new belief system that really helps you to get the life you desire. There is no need for you to buy into other people's reality. It's only there subjective reality, not your reality. Nobody should tell you what is possible and what is not. Choose your reality right now and start taking action!
see also: First Step: Everything Starts With Your Mindset
Second Step: Identify Your Limiting Beliefs – How To Overcome Limiting Beliefs
Kellie Leitch's most prominent Newfoundland and Labrador supporter has pulled his endorsement to protest the federal Conservative leadership candidate's stance on screening immigrants for Canadian values.
Steve Kent, deputy premier and health minister in the former Progressive Conservative government of Paul Davis, yanked his support for Leitch in a post on his Facebook page.
"I have been struggling with her campaign's divisive policy positions of late. Frankly, they are inconsistent with my beliefs and the welcoming spirit of the people of Newfoundland and Labrador in general," Kent wrote in the statement.
Later in the day Kent spoke to reporters saying that he has been friends with Leitch for a long time, and hopes to be friends with her in the future, but could no longer support her campaign.
"Given what happened in the world one week ago this is not a time for us to be engaging in divisive politics," Kent said. "As Canadians we need to be talking about policies and ideas that are going to bring the country closer together as opposed to building walls and driving people apart."
"We're an open, caring, tolerant, inclusive people and I think that's where most Canadians are," he added.
Steve Kent, deputy premier and health minister in the former Progressive Conservative government of Paul Davis, yanked his support over the divisive nature of Leitch's campaign. 0:26
In addition to Leitch, current candidates for the Conservative leadership to replace interim leader Rona Ambrose include: Chris Alexander, Maxime Bernier, Steven Blaney, Michael Chong, Dan Lindsay, ​Deepak Obhrai, ​Erin O'Toole, Lisa Raitt. Andrew Saxton, Andrew Scheer and Brad Trost.
Kent said he considers Leitch a good friend. She sent volunteers to Newfoundland and Labrador to help Kent with his re-election to the House of Assembly in the 2015 provincial election. But Kent has privately told people he had no idea her leadership campaign would go in this direction and that he is uncomfortable with the tone it has taken.
For the past week, Kent has dodged reporters' questions about his support for Leitch. He has also been the target of social media attacks from his opponents — especially the provincial Liberals, who are keen to link him to Leitch's Canadian values stance.
.<a href="https://twitter.com/KellieLeitch">@KellieLeitch</a>'s views haven't changed, <a href="https://twitter.com/stephenkent">@stephenkent</a>. Have yours? <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlpoli?src=hash">#nlpoli</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cdnpoli?src=hash">#cdnpoli</a> <a href="https://t.co/wJjNb9zQPJ">pic.twitter.com/wJjNb9zQPJ</a> —@GovCaucus_NL
Kent may also have political reasons of a more personal nature. He previously ran for leader of the provincial PC party, and with current leader and former premier Paul Davis announcing his plans to step down, Kent says he is weighing another leadership bid.
Leitch's campaign manager, Nick Kouvalis, went on Twitter to express his distaste for Kent and others who have recently pulled support for the MP's Tory leadership aspirations.
Yes. Also endorsed her after values stance. Good luck Steve. <a href="https://t.co/unIsQXOxJz">https://t.co/unIsQXOxJz</a> —@NickKouvalis
Here is the full text of Kent's statement Tuesday:
"I have not been active in the federal Conservative leadership campaign. In fact, I still have not ruled out a bid for leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. To that end, I have been focusing all my energies on listening to the concerns and thoughtful solutions provided by the people of this province.
"As political and community leaders, we need to always listen carefully to what citizens are saying. I assure you that I am always listening.
"As difficult as this is for me, because Dr. Kellie Leitch is a good friend of mine, today, I want to confirm that I will not be providing my endorsement to her campaign. Kellie is an accomplished, bright, passionate and energetic woman. I admire so much about her — but I have been struggling with her campaign's divisive policy positions of late. Frankly, they are inconsistent with my beliefs and the welcoming spirit of the people of Newfoundland and Labrador in general.‎ I have always believed strongly in Canadian values, and I believe those values are based on embracing diversity, not excluding it; and building bridges, not walls.
"I extend my best wishes to all the federal leadership candidates. I pledge that I will work with whoever rises to the position of Federal Leader. Also, as I am still contemplating a future leadership run, I do not believe that any potential PC leadership candidates should compromise that relationship by aligning with any federal campaign."
The amendment, tabled by ex-Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman, was rejected by 332 MPs, while 290 voted for it last night. Green co-leader Caroline Lucas said the outcome of the vote was "unforgivable", adding: "These are people's lives not commodities." And Labour's David Lammy accused Tories who voted against the amendment of lacking "moral leadership".
Theresa May has repeatedly refused to agree the status of EU nationals until negotiations with Brussels formally begin. But yesterday the Home Secretary Amber Rudd insisted it will be a top priority once the talks get under way. She added: "We owe it to those many European citizens who have contributed so much to this country to resolve this issue as soon as possible."
GETTY The amendment was tabled by ex-Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman
What Theresa May's 12-point Brexit plan really means Mon, January 16, 2017 It's finally here. Play slideshow Getty Images 1 of 7 Continued cooperation with the EU to tackle terrorism and international crime.
GETTY Theresa May has refused to agree the status of EU nationals
Just three Tory backbenchers – ex-Chancellor Ken Clarke, Tania Mathias and Andrew Tyrie – voted in favour of Ms Harman's amendment. Former minister Ed Vaizey considered joining them but said he had been "deeply reassured" by Ms Rudd's comments. He said EU nationals make a "huge contribution" to his constituency and that their rights must be safeguarded.
GETTY Ex-Chancellor Ken Clarke voted in favour of Harman's amendment
Twilight Sparkle being her wonderful, adorkable self, and showing us you're never too old to appreciate the things you love... no matter how childish they may seem to othersAfter all the time I've been spending working on my Fallout Equestria project recently, I felt like drawing some good old fashioned cuteness to brighten my day. I only realised after the fact that I forgot to draw in her wings, so let's just say this is Twilight before her ascension to an Alicorn. I may come back and make a proper edit of this to show that she's still in touch with her old self even after becoming a Princess!But for now, I hope you enjoy!This picture also inspired me to make a FO:E edit which can be found here: ponyecho.deviantart.com/art/My… My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is property of Hasbro and
Paul Bond boots, Trumbull stitching design, 16" shafts,
#4A toe, #7-4" heel. Size 9.5D, made in 2005.
Paul Bond boots, "Elk City" style, tan with small dark brown
heel and toe 'wings', 16" shafts, #4A toe, 4-3/4" heel
(measured at the back). Size 9.5D (approx), made in 2003.
Champion Attutude boots, Estacado style, Light tan, shafts 12", "X" toe,
"WR" heels measuring 4-3/8" at the back. Size 9.5D, purchased about 2004.
Paul Bond 'Pendleton' style, dark brown with lighter brown toe and heel
wings, and top collars, 16" shafts, #4A toe, #7 heel, 3-5/8"
(measured at the back). Size 9.5D, made in 2005.
Western Ranch boots, black with 12" shafts, "Flame" (red) toe and heel
wings (overlays), heel is 5-5/8" at the back. Size 9.5D, made in 1997.
Osuna boots, dark chocolate brown with rust "reddish" brown 13-1/2" shafts, VERY
sharp pointed toe (Ed says they're a work of art... the best he's seen), 3" very under-
shot heels. This is the pair of boots he wears most often. Completed October 2007.
Robert Dreyfuss in The Nation:
By the now, it's maddeningly familiar. A scary terrorist plot is announced. Then it's revealed that the suspects are a hapless bunch of ne'er-do-wells or run-of-the-mill thugs without the slightest connection to any terrorists at all, never mind to Al Qaeda. Finally, the last piece of the puzzle: the entire plot is revealed to have been cooked up by a scummy government agent-provocateur. I've seen this movie before. In this case, the alleged perps -- Onta Williams, James Cromitie, David Williams, and Laguerre Payen -- were losers, ex-cons, drug addicts. Al Qaeda they're not. Without the assistance of the agent who entrapped them, they would never have dreamed of committing political violence, nor would they have had the slightest idea about where to acquire plastic explosives or a Stinger missile. That didn't stop prosecutors from acting as if they'd captured Osama bin Laden himself.
Of course, as has been pointed out, we know that--irrespective of facts--this case will be held up as some great triumph in the War on Terror™, a frighteningly close call thwarted by those (implicitly, in the previous administration) who understood the nature of the threat. Mmmm'kay....
A group of Stanford students wants the faculty to look a little bit more like them. That is, more diverse.
Stanford's undergraduate student body is 42.5% white. Its faculty, on the other hand, is 73% white. The faculty is 73% male -- but nearly half of the students are female.
The students have formed a coalition, Who's Teaching Us?, to start demanding visible change.
They've spent nearly two years mustering up grassroots support -- which started after Stephen Hong Sohn, an English professor, was denied tenure in the spring of 2014.
"He was a vital mentor in the Asian American community," said 21-year-old Jazlyn Patricio-Archer, a senior urban studies major.
Patricio-Archer, who is half-white and half-Filipino, is one of the driving forces behind Who's Teaching Us?.
"People started to realize there's a huge problem in the retention of faculty of color and other marginalized professors," she said.
Related: Who said black founders can't build a billion dollar company?
Students banded together in the way they knew how: research. They took one-on-one meetings with faculty and held a town hall meeting in the fall of 2014 to solicit stories from students and faculty about their experiences at the university.
Jonathan Fisk, another member of Who's Teaching Us?, said the lack of diversity in the Earth Systems department -- his major -- can impact the subject matter.
"On multiple occasions, eugenics gets brought up as a popular explanation for population growth," said 22-year-old Fisk, who identifies as mixed race. "To any person of color in that class -- which I know because I literally talk to everyone -- we were all horribly offended."
The coalition -- which has more than 100 members -- sent the administration a letter on March 14 with a list of 25 demands.
They want the administration to establish cultural humility training for all faculty by September 21. They've asked that Stanford divest in prisons (Columbia University was the first to do so in June 2015). They want the departments to be required to publicly release tenure data -- broken out by ethnicity. They also want a transparent tenure process that explicitly values what faculty of color brings to students, like mentorship.
"We need the university do more, to do better, the letter read. "Our desire to better our university stems from our sincere respect and love for it."
This "do better" request echos a sentiment that many have expressed about Silicon Valley, which is also struggling to move the needle when it comes to diversity.
Related: Tech's diversity efforts are 'a failure'
Lisa Lapin, associate vice president of university communications, told CNNMoney that as of December 2015, the percent of female faculty members has slightly improved -- from 27% to 28%. She said it's important to look at faculty by rank. The fact that 39% of assistant professors are women shows that "our many programs to improve diversity are indeed working."
After receiving the list of demands, the administration responded that many of the issues are also of "great concern" to the university.
It set up six tasks forces -- covering everything from university curriculum to residential life -- with faculty and students assigned to each.
President John L. Hennessy responded to the student coalition on March 28.
"Many of the issues you have identified are complex in nature and must be addressed through detailed analysis and thoughtful discussion," wrote Hennessy.
In the meantime, the coalition is continuing to rally support among students. On Friday, the group expects more than 200 students to attend their Pack the NACC event, wearing black, to show support for their initiative. They've also started a Change.org petition. "We are committed to working with the administration," added Patricio-Archer.
24 Hour News 8 web staff - GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) -- The Kent County Department of Public Works is asking residents to hold off on rolling their recyclables to the curb, after a mechanical problem forced the its Recycling & Education Center to shut down.
County officials said Monday a problem with a baler forced the facility to stop processing recyclables. Haulers that normally deliver recyclables were redirected to the county's Waste to Energy Facility.
Kent County is working with two companies to assess the problem and figure out a fix. County officials hope to have the facility back up and running by the end of the week.
The Kent County Department of Public Works is asking residents to wait a couple days before placing their recyclable carts at their curb for pickup. However, the city of Grand Rapids wants its residents to continue putting out recyclables to avoid a big backup.
The county plans to waive service fees for recycling haulers while the facility is down.
----
The co-author of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's bestselling book "The Art of the Deal" said Wednesday he has received a cease and desist letter from the Trump Organization's chief legal officer.
The letter reportedly demands, among other things, that Tony Schwartz return all the royalty payments he received from the book.
ADVERTISEMENT
It comes after Schwartz slammed Trump in an interview with The New Yorker magazine published earlier this week where he harshly criticized the businessman.
"I got almost immediately that cease and desist letter delivered to me by FedEx and you know, it's nuts and completely indicative of who he is," Schwartz said Wednesday in an interview on MSNBC.
"There's no basis in anything legal. I suspect that Donald Trump called up his chief legal person and said: 'Go after that guy and do whatever you have to do.' "
Schwartz said the "poor" head of legal affairs for the Trump Organization had to come up with "some facacta stuff, most of which is untrue."
"So for example, this notion that I didn't write the book is so preposterous," he said.
"I am not certain that Donald Trump read every word, but I'm sure certain that I wrote every word ... the idea that he would dispute that is part of why I felt I had to come forward. The notion that if he could lie about that, Rachel, he could lie about anything."
In theinterview with The New Yorker, Schwartz said he "put lipstick on a pig" with the "Art of the Deal," adding that he feels a "deep sense of remorse that I contributed to presenting Trump in a way that brought him wider attention and made him more appealing than he is."
Schwartz said earlier this week that he "never in a million years" thought Trump would run for president.
"It's a terrifying thing," he said on ABC.
“I haven't slept a night through since Donald Trump announced for president because I believe he is so insecure, so easily provoked and not particularly nearly as smart as people might imagine he is.”
He expressed concern about how Trump, the Republican nominee for president, would handle conflicts with world leaders and criticized Trump for his "short attention span."
The long-predicted crash has arrived with a vengeance in China's original ghost city.
Home prices have plunged by one third recently, down 60% from 2006, in Kangbashi, the ambitious second city built on the outskirts of Ordos. Developers, investors and migrant workers are all giving up on Kangbashi.
"Ordos is the first of a number of these ghost cities that will see similar magnitude price declines," says Gillem Tulloch of Asianomics.
The bigger issue, however, will be if declines reach the major cities. "The degree of price declines you are seeing in Kangbashi give a preview of what you will see in major cities. I would expect price declines of 20% nationwide over the next 1-2 years," Tulloch said.
Tulloch points to plunging transaction volume as evidence of a property slowdown. His firm expects a hard landing, with China slowing to zero GDP growth for several quarters.
You can see for yourself how many much excess real estate there is around China -- by some estimates as many as 64 million empty apartments. "It's like walking into a forest of skyscrapers, but they're all empty," Tulloch said of another ghost city, Chenggong.
A Somali-Australian man, 20, has been arrested after allegedly planning to shoot 'as many people as he could' in Melbourne's Federation Square on New Year's Eve.
Police allege the young Muslim terror suspect had tried to obtain an automatic rifle to carry out the act and was inspired by Al-Qaeda, a radical Islamist group.
He was arrested by specialist officers inside his home in Werribee, in Melbourne's west, on Monday afternoon and taken into police custody for questioning.
The arrest followed raids on his home in Werribee, a relative's house in Meadow Heights and a computer business in nearby Footscray where he worked part-time.
Scroll down for video
A Somali-Australian man (pictured, centre), 20, has been arrested after allegedly planning to shoot 'as many people as he could' in Melbourne's Federation Square on New Year's Eve
The man allegedly accessed a guidebook produced by al-Qaeda containing information on how to commit a terrorist act (Federation Square pictured on New Year's Eve in 2015)
Police allege the young Muslim terror suspect had tried to obtain an automatic rifle to carry out the act and was inspired by radical Islamist group Al-Qaeda (fighters pictured in 2014)
The practising Muslim was born in Australia, is an Australian citizen and his parents were from Somalia, Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said on Tuesday.
'The male is one of our high-risk persons of interest. We have been monitoring him for a very lengthy period of time,' he told reporters on Tuesday.
The man is being interviewed in relation to the offences of preparing to commit a terrorist attack and collecting documents to facilitate a terrorist act.
It's alleged the man accessed a guidebook produced by al-Qaeda containing information on how to commit a terrorist act and use firearms, guns and handguns and rifles.
Authorities were keen to stress that no firearm was obtained.
But if the attack had been successful the human cost would have been 'catastrophic ... horrendous', Mr Patton said.
Police said the man was a ‘high-risk' person of interest who they had been monitoring since January
He is also believed to be associated with a group of Victorian extremists, and could face a maximum penalty of prison in life when he is formally charged on Tuesday
The practising Muslim was born in Australia, is an Australian citizen and his parents were from Somalia, Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said on Tuesday
WHAT WE KNOW * He's an Australian-born, 20-year-old man. * Allegedly plotted to obtain a firearm to "shoot and kill as many people as he could" at Melbourne's Federation Square on New Year's Eve. * Lives with his Somalia-born parents in Werribee, is a Muslim but not linked to any specific mosque. * Police said he'd been "high-risk person of interest" since early 2016 and claimed he would become "energised" online when learning of overseas terrorist attacks. * Allegedly obtained Al-Qaeda material through the internet and was an Islamic State sympathiser. * Arrested on Monday by Victoria Police, Australian Federal Police and ASIO officers. * Expected to be charged on Tuesday with planning to commit a terrorist attack and collecting documents to facilitate a terrorist act. Source: Victoria Police, Australian Federal Police
The man is also believed to be associated with a group of Victorian extremists.
'We won't identify who they are. It is a very small community of extremist,' Mr Patton said.
'There is no ongoing threat posed in respect to New Year's Eve, Christmas or any other area.'
AFP Acting Deputy Commissioner Ian McCartney said the charges that were expected to be laid were 'serious'.
'One of the charges carries a maximum penalty of life in prison,' he said.
Since September 2014, when the national threat terrorism level was raised to 'probable', the AFP has worked with its state and territory partners to thwart a number of plots.
So far, 74 people have been charged as a result of 347 counter-terrorist investigations.
'I would like to reassure the people of Victoria that the teams in Victoria, but also around Australia, are working day and night. They are working 24/7 to keep Australia safe,' Mr McCartney said.
In 2016, more than 500,000 revellers flocked to Melbourne's CBD to ring in the new year as tonnes of fireworks were shot from 22 city buildings.
In 2016, more than 500,000 revellers flocked to Melbourne's CBD to ring in the new year as tonnes of fireworks were shot from 22 city buildings (pictured, 2015 celebrations)
Kathi Weeks discusses how even our concepts of leisure are defined in relation to work, and how we might escape work's domination of life.
The concept of a "jobless recovery" offers just one more example of the many ways that work is not working as a system of income allocation, pathway to individual achievement, or mode of social belonging. And yet, the only solution we are offered by political and corporate leaders is more business as usual: austerity and job creation; tighten our belts and put our noses to the grindstone. Although there is no scarcity of possible reforms that could help us better to cope with the problems of unemployment, underemployment, precariousness and overwork in the contemporary economy--a shorter legal working day and a guaranteed basic income are two--the gospel of work and its central teaching, the work ethic, have so colonized our lives that it is difficult to conceive a life not centered on and subordinated to work. What would we do with more non-work time and who would we be if we were not workers?
In some instances the only imagined existence of non-work is defined by sloth, as in the frequently voiced fear that if it were not for work there would be no reason to get out of bed or off the couch. If activity itself is so strictly identified with and reduced to work, then non-work is defined by its absence: pure indolence. In other cases, non-work is conceived not as work's flip side but as its mirror image, as when it is described in terms of doing the same things for the same long hours we now do on the job or at home, but under different conditions: time for industrious creativity. A further option is leisure time. But that is too often conceived either in terms of activities that are intended to compensate for work or as time to recover from work, what Bob Black describes as a "managed time-disciplined safety-valve," or "non-work for the sake of work." In the first case non-work is cast as unproductive, in the second it is posed as differently productive, and in the third it is figured as reproductive of the subject as a worker. Although they may appear to be categories of non-work, they do not escape the imaginary of productivity or the models of the subject that would deliver it. These notions of work's refusal are still under the sway of its ethics.
In a section of the Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844 with the title "The Meaning of Human Requirements," Marx offers some suggestive ideas about how we might begin to think about how to spend non-work time and produce post-work selves by casting non-work in terms of an expanding realm of needs. In his indictment of bourgeois political economy, Marx describes it as a moral doctrine parading as if it were value-free science, a "science of asceticism" that shapes the worker in accordance with its own moral ideal: "Self-denial, the denial of life and of all human needs, is its cardinal doctrine" (1978, 95). This is how these political economists make workers out of human beings: by reducing our needs--from needs for food and shelter, to needs for activity, pleasure and sociality--to a specific functional minimum.
Marx's characterization of who we become as workers in this model of the work society include references to the impoverishment of our senses and "a dulled capacity for pleasure" (94). Our affective capacities and modes of sociality are equally diminished, since if we "want to be economical," we should spare ourselves "all sharing of general interest, all sympathy, all trust, etc." (96), leaving self-interest free rein. Becoming an economical subject means managing what today is referred to as our employability: according to this economic ethic, "you must make everything that is yours saleable, i.e., useful" (96).
The problem is not that we need and want too much, as those who preach the ethics of hard work and decry our "entitlement attitudes" would have it, but that we have too few needs and too little desire. Our needs and passions are reduced to two: one is for work, the other for "acquisition." As Marx describes it, the only need cultivated rather than stunted by a capitalist economic system is the need for money (93): the need to earn it and spend it. "The worker may only have enough for him to want to live, and may only want to live in order to have [enough]" (96). We might imagine consumption as a reward for production and the enjoyment of new products as an escape from work, but consumption and production are only two sides of the same system. These needs for consumer gratification are the kinds of needs that drive us "to a fresh sacrifice" (93), requirements that "lead the fly to the gluepot" (94). These are needs that are functional to and complicit with the very system that demands that we work our lives away in order to live. We should not forget, Marx admonishes, that "extravagance and thrift...are equal" (96, emphasis added). What Marx characterizes as the submerging of all passions and all activities in avarice (96) is central to the construction of the subject as worker.
But it is worth noting here that Marx's critique in this text is not an example of the usual ascetic diatribe against the pleasures of consumption. Consider his mocking description of the teachings by which we are made into the ethical subjects of a capitalist work society: "the less you eat, drink and read books; the less you go to the theatre, the dance hall, the public-house; the less you think, love, theorize, sing, paint, fence etc., the more you save--the greater becomes your treasure which neither moths nor dust will devour--your capital." In this way, multiple modes of doing, being, and communing are subordinated to having: "the less you are, the more you have" (95-96). The kinds of things we are advised to minimize are not necessarily what we would characterize as unproductive indolence, or productive creativity, or reproductive leisure. Rather, by framing his critical analysis in terms of our needs--their qualities and quantities, their expansion and contraction--he ignores the question of whether such activities or experiences are productive or unproductive, and emphasizes instead the question of what their impact on our subjectivity might be, on who it is we are encouraged--and able--to become.
Besides the above list of non-productive and non-reproductive pastimes that the political economists warn us against, the only other glimpse Marx offers of an alternative comes later in the section, in the form of an example of how we might create new needs. He describes how, as proletarian activists come together as workers to do political work, a different mode of being emerges as a new "need for society" develops (99)--a need for a form of sociality quite different from that orchestrated through the capitalist division of labor. As they come together, their process, their means--"company, association, and conversation"--become ends in themselves (99). In contrast to the ethical subject constituted in relation to the ascetic ideals of "acquisition, work, thrift, sobriety" (97), we are invited by such examples to think instead about how to cultivate a wealth of human needs. This, finally, is how I think we might imagine what non-work time could be: time to cultivate new needs for pleasures, activities, senses, passions, affects, and socialities that exceed the options of working and saving, producing and accumulating.
Originally published at Social Text.
I was doing some research for my Cartoon Character Design class (I'm cartoonifying tanks! XD) and I needed some way to see the differences in size between the different types of tanks. Thing is, I couldn't find any online!! (Either that, or I'm really not that good at net sourcing lol)Anyway, here's what I've managed to put together with the resources from www.the-blueprints.com and www.wwiivehicles.com . I think this should be preeetty accurate... If anyone notices anything ackward dotell me lol~Well, heres hoping this helps you as much as it helped me~The scale on this chart is compatible to my Modern tank size chart, so you can cross-reference between the two if you feel so inclined. ^_^Modern Tank Comparison Chart - sanity-x.deviantart.com/art/Mo… -----=Version 1 (2006)=Original chart created for Treadhead project, due to the lack of similar charts online at the time. sanity-x.deviantart.com/art/Th… - Klimenti Voroshilov-2- M4 Sherman- PzKpfw VI Ausf E Tiger- Cruiser Mk VI, Crusader II- Type 97 Chi-Ha-Carro Armato M13/40=Version 2 (2006)=Continuation of my curiosity with World War 2 tanks, spurred on by my introduction to Flames of War.- Infantry Mk III, Valentine Mk I- Semovente 90/53- T-34/76B, obr 1941- BT-7, obr 1936- PzKpfw IV Ausf E- Klimenti Voroshilov-1- Renault R-35- PzKpfw VI Ausf B Konigstiger=Version 3 (2006)=Spurred on by my own interests, along with the overwhelming interests of like-minded netizens, expanded the chart further. Added a sports car and 2 modern tanks, to give us an idea of how large tanks are in comparison with contemporary machines we may be familiar with.Also added nation tags, to aid in the recognition of these vehicles origins.- Nissan Skyline BNR-34- Ford GP- BA-64- T-60 obr 1942- Panzer II Ausf C- T-26 obr 1939- T-70 obr 1943- M3 Stuart I- M3 Grant- Char B1 bis- M26 Pershing- Iosef Stalin-2- Iosef Stalin-3- Char 2C- Infantry MKIV, Churchill VII- T-35- PzKpfw Maus- M1A1 Abrams- T-72=Version 4 (2008)=Added a few extra tanks, thanks to some feedback. Removed the modern tanks, because of the creation of the modern tank comparison charts.- Fiat L6/40- Type 95 Kyu-Go- Somua S-35- Panzer III Ausf. G- Cromwell Mk. IV- Panzer V Ausf. G, Panther- Karl GeratAlso added the weight of all tanks for a better picture of the mass of some of these things. (70 ton King Tiger?! O_o?!)=Version 4.5 (2013)=A very long overdue fix of the scale bar. Just a quick fix really, just so I could get that off my mind.I have lost the original files for this chart, so if I update it is will probably have a new layout very much like the Modern Tank Scale chart.-----Please download for full size~ ^_^
Why Women are Turning to Conservatism
In trying to win arguments with liberals, it soon becomes apparent that we are looking at things from different sides of the fence, different reference frames if you will. Women shade to the liberal side for reasons that are as old has humanity.
According to liberal language crafter, George Lakoff, liberals are the “nurturing parents” while conservatives are the “strict fathers”. There is some truth in that. A more accurate characterization may be that liberals are the “permissive parents” while Conservatives are the “disciplining parents”. His theory is that decisions about politics are based on decisions about families.
When you consider issues and philosophies, you can easily see there is a lot of truth in the permissive vs discipline frames. For instance, Liberals want to spend, spend, spend. The mean-old-strict-dad Conservatives, who take a long view of consequences, insist on restraint. For Liberals there is never enough for all their programs. The need for more is generated by the need to expand the satisfaction created by the prior programs. Nor is there a limit on their thirst for more money from the Conservatives, who have exercised enough discipline in their lives, to earn large incomes. Conservatives who resist are fair game. They are shamed and called greedy. They are accused of buying elections. See the Koch Brothers. Every modest vice or maleficence is amplified a thousand times with fanciful conspiracy theories; while Liberals get quick passes on more severe charges: see Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, Jesse Jackson, or Al Sharpton. The basic philosophy of Liberals is “to each according to his needs”. And in words of five year old, they want the state, run by Liberals, “to be the boss of that”. Once upon a time, women primarily took care of their families; “to each according to his needs” is the way resources were divided within a healthy family. It is natural that they apply this same philosophy to government -- making them lean to the Liberal side according to Lakoff's theory.
The beginning of the current Liberal generation of baby boomers is rooted in the prosperity this nation experienced after WWII and spurred by Dr. Benjamin Spock's Baby & Child Care. Parents were taught that discipline would destroy the creativity of their darling little bundles of joy. It was better to nurture their creativity so they could grow to their full potential. Bad behavior was tolerated so sacred creativity would not be stifled. Thus a largely self-indulgent generation was born and has become self-replicating in the Generation-X and the Millennials. As each generation had received little discipline and they had little to give.
There is an offbeat theory as to why women are more Liberal today. It involves the birth control pill. The pill works by making the woman “pregnant enough” for the egg not to attach to the wall of the uterus. According to research, while on the pill women are more attracted to sensitive, attentive guys than they are to the macho, take-no-prisoners, ambitious guys. Being pregnant or “semi-pregnant” they are looking for a guy who will nest with her. Unpregnant, she is looking for the more ambitious provider: the Conservative.
Conservatives descended from our hunter-warrior past. Discipline and skills were necessary for survival. You had to learn to hunt. A cracked twig could end a day's hunt with empty game bags for all. It also takes discipline to be successful in the modern hunt, to learn work skills: how to be a butcher or a baker or software developer. You have to give up carnal pleasures and money today to reap a generous income stream later. It takes discipline, and real belief in your abilities to succeed.
Discipline is even more important in the military. A disobeyed order or an unnecessary risk can mean instant death not only to the violator, but also to fellow soldiers. The military is Conservative.
In times of increased danger, when she feels her immediate or her greater family threatened, it is only natural that she turns her allegiance toward the warrior-hunter-disciplined conservative as her surrogate spouse government instead of the sympathetic-permissive surrogate government. There is a real uneasiness even among the crowd that watches "The View" that America is headed in the wrong direction. Numerous concerns about unresolved scandals, the messes in the Middle East, Ebola in Texas and NY, and unrestricted flights from Ebola-stricken countries are beginning to bleed through. Even Russia is beginning to stir up some of that old cold war feelings that got Reagan elected over Carter. These concerns are beginning to outweigh their stoked-up concerns about the “war on women”.
When we win in November, we will owe a huge debt to the women who realized that at this point in our history, America needs more disciplined-conservative governance to steer a safe course through the challenges we currently face.
You can view CM Phillips work at his new blog at http://www.CMPhillips.com or email: cm@cmphillips.com
BUDAPEST — Once again, the debate is on over how fast and how closely EU countries ought to get together. The divisions on this perennial question about the future of Europe are nowhere sharper than among the more recent arrivals out east.
As much as the focus is on where the new leadership in Paris and the next government in Berlin want to take the EU in the post-Brexit future, the formerly eastern bloc countries are weighing in on proposals for tighter eurozone integration, for a multispeed Europe and for an enlarged passport-free Schengen area.
Their views clash, denying the region a chance to present a united front against Brussels and the renewed Franco-German alliance. Yet these countries are still bound to complicate efforts to chart the path ahead for the EU.
Bulgaria, Romania and Croatia are actively pushing for greater integration, including Schengen and eventually also eurozone membership.
Poland and Hungary, on the other hand, are already in Schengen but are shying away from joining the single currency, and fear greater integration could empower Brussels further.
“The eurozone is an idea for wealthy countries" — Polish MEP Ryszard Czarnecki
The Czech Republic is caught in the middle, its public skeptical but its leaders keen to ensure the door remains open for future integration. Eurozone member Slovakia, meanwhile, has no problem with allowing a club of members to push ahead with greater integration, seeing no problem with the vision for a multispeed Europe pushed by French President Emmanuel Macron.
Here's how these countries split on Europe's future.
Integration club: Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia
Romania, Bulgaria and Croatia all aim to join Schengen and the eurozone, and worry about what they perceive to be political efforts to slow down their further integration with the bloc.
While eurozone membership remains years away, all three countries have emphasized their commitment to ultimately joining the currency. In June, Bulgaria's finance minister declared his intent to join the Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM-2), a "waiting area" for accession, while in September Croatia set a 2020 target for joining the mechanism as well. Romania said in August that it aims to adopt the euro in 2022.
“Some member states have been on different speeds for a long time already,” Bulgaria's foreign ministry wrote in a statement to POLITICO. “What we insist on is that all forms for enhanced cooperation among member states in various areas have an inclusive character, and that those who are willing but not yet able to join receive pre-accession assistance.”
These countries were heartened by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker's State of the Union speech last month, which insisted the easterners wouldn't be left in the slower lane. "If we want the euro to unite rather than divide our Continent, then it should be more than the currency of a select group of countries,” Juncker said. “The euro is meant to be the single currency of the European Union as a whole.”
Bulgaria and Romania should join Schengen now, he added, and Croatia when it's ready.
Eurozone integration is popular in these three countries: According to an April 2017 Eurobarometer study, the majority of respondents in Romania (64 percent), Croatia (52 percent) and Bulgaria (50 percent) are in favor of adopting the euro.
The EU is also popular as an institution: In Romania, 57 percent of respondents in a May 2017 Eurobarometer poll said they tend to trust the EU, one of the highest rates in the bloc.
Marcon's proposals for deepening eurozone integration have raised fears in these countries that their ambitions for further integration will be derailed — and that their access to EU structural funds limited in the future.
“A eurozone budget is a logical step in the attempt to improve the policy mix between a single monetary policy and national fiscal policies,” said the Bulgarian foreign ministry. “However, in our opinion this budget should be limited to policy areas that are specific for the euro area, without duplicating community policies financed by the EU budget.”
Skeptics: Poland and Hungary
Poland and Hungary, which are both embroiled in battles with Brussels overrule of law and migration issues, formally oppose a multispeed Europe.
In September, Polish President Andrzej Duda warned that, if implemented, a multispeed Europe will “ultimately lead to a break-up of the European Union.”
At the same time, Poland and Hungary don't plan to join the eurozone in the near future and view some efforts at greater integration with skepticism.
“The eurozone is an idea for wealthy countries,” said Ryszard Czarnecki, a member of the European Parliament from Poland's ruling Law and Justice party. “Poland is still one of the seven poorest countries in the EU in terms of GDP per capita. Therefore, we do not intend to go to the eurozone in the foreseeable future.”
Hungarian authorities take a similar view. While the majority of Hungarian voters, unlike their Polish counterparts, support eurozone membership, the ruling Fidesz party — which has a strong hold on the central bank — prefers to keep control of monetary policy.
“Joining the euro is a treaty obligation, so, yes, Hungary will join,” said György Schöpflin, a Fidesz MEP. “When is hard to determine. Economists are divided on the issue.”
For the government of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán, the EU is a forum for cooperation only on selected matters.
“The Hungarian government takes the view that integration can and should take place when and where it is useful,” said Schöpflin, pointing to issues like defense and counterterrorism. “But it is not in favor of integration for its own sake. Equally, and Hungary is not alone in this, the government is uneasy with new exclusions in the EU."
A spokesman for the Hungarian government did not respond to questions from POLITICO for this article.
Czechs: Caught in the middle
Czech voters are highly skeptical about EU integration: Eurobarometer data from spring 2017 shows that just 29 percent of Czechs favor introducing the euro and 30 percent tend to trust the EU.
The eurozone's low approval ratings notwithstanding, the government in Prague — unlike its counterparts in Warsaw and Budapest — publicly advocates for a role in shaping the future of the eurozone.
For Slovakia, the crucial principle is that everyone should be allowed to move faster" — Peter Susko, spokesman for Slovakia's foreign ministry
“The euro area must remain as inclusive as possible and the debate on its further deepening must be kept in the EU27 format,” said Aleš Chmelař, who serves as the Czech Republic's state secretary for European affairs.
“The participation of non-euro area members in discussions and full transparency and openness of the initiatives should be guaranteed,” he said, adding that Prague proposes the opening of the Eurogroup to non-eurozone members, for example in the form of granting countries like the Czech Republic observer status.
Czech politicians acknowledge that despite their hope to one day join the eurozone, domestic considerations make integration a distant possibility.
“Politicians mainly are happy to take the EU benefits and distance themselves from non-popular elements,” said Petr Ježek, a Czech MEP for ANO 2011, the movement behind Andrej Babiš, the front-runner to become prime minister in the national election on October 20-21. While Ježek believes the Czech Republic should anchor itself to the West and join the euro, the public's opposition means prospects are “slim.”
Babiš has run a strongly Euroskeptic campaign, opposing eurozone membership.
But as Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Romania and Croatia grapple with how to respond to debates over the EU's future, one of their neighbors is far from worried about the prospect of a multispeed Europe.
The eurozone “cannot remain in the state it is right now, and it is clear that if we want the euro to remain as our currency, we will have to go deeper,” said Peter Susko, spokesman for Slovakia's foreign ministry. His country joined the euro in 2009.
“Why shouldn't we let move faster those who want to? For Slovakia, the crucial principle is that everyone should be allowed to move faster, no limits on the number or the composition of the front-runners,” said Susko.
It's been more than a year since the initial launch of No Man's Sky and the game still has a loyal following that occasionally creates awesome projects like this.
Thingiverse user Tim Skillman, has made his own scale model version of a Starship from the game, complete with a lighting system that illuminates both the front and the back.
The circuit is relatively simple with just a few LEDs, a pair of batteries and a switch, but the way it's cleanly integrated into the print is really impressive.
While the paint job in the test print below is far from perfect, we actually really like it as it lends itself to the aesthetic of No Man's Sky.
If you'd like to make your own you will need the files from Thingiverse. In the description there you'll also find links to the exact components used if you're inclined to buy them from Ebay.
This model is actually a remix of a previous design from the same user that went up in October of last year. It doesn't include the lighting system from the newest iteration, so you may want to print that one if you have no interest in messing around with LEDs.
Look at this colour. Is it green or brown? And how does it make you feel, given that it has been voted the ugliest colour in the world? This sensory gift arrives courtesy of an Australian research and marketing project aimed at discouraging people from smoking.
The agency GfK asked a thousand smokers which colour they found most visually offensive, with a view to covering cigarette packets with it. Pantone 448C, or opaque couché – which also happens to be my stage name – came out top. Respondents associated the colour with “dirty”, “death”, and “tar”.
Plain cigarette packaging has arrived, but will it reduce smoking? Read more
The colour was deployed on plain cigarette packaging in Australia, with health warnings, and early signs are that sales of the noxious weed have fallen. In May, compulsory plain packaging for cigarettes, using the same Pantone colour, came into effect in the UK, too.
Pantone is widely known for making or breaking colours, but is keen to state that no colour is more beautiful or ugly than the next. Naturally, the company was not thrilled at the choice of its tone for the packaging: “At the Pantone Color Institute, we consider all colours equally,” explained Leatrice Eiseman, executive director. There was, she said, “no such thing as the ugliest colour”. Rather, 448C was associated with “deep, rich earth tones”, popular on sofas and shoes and other things that might be found in a house.
It's also a colour you might find on the catwalk. Such as this parka. Or this split ribbed dress. Or even half of this jumpsuit. Like Eiseman, fashion sees beauty in ugliness, too. The irony.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
(Those steely eyes stare directly into my shattered soul)
So Saturday, I decided it would be good times if I went to Northwestern's home opener against Western Michigan and if by chance you follow me on Twitter, you might have noticed that I was all over NU at -3.5 (I think this moved to -4.5 before kickoff but I'm not sure, my brain called in sick). Turns out that I was dead wrong, as I almost always am on everything I hold near and dear to me. However, I was NOT wrong about the impact of this match up. Thank gosh that I didn't put any money where my mouth was but my cousin did and I think his hangover is due to end sometime on Thursday.
It was a beautiful day for smashing Coors Lights and football but that combination got ugly come kick off. To put it plainly, the Northwestern defense was horrible, terrible, not good. WMU doesn't have a very flashy offense but they were dissecting us with the short passes. QB Zach Terrell went 23/36, 218 yards, and 1 TD and their combined running game ran for 198 yards and a score. The Broncos had some really sharp drives put together and just marched NU up and down the field. The LBs were nowhere to be found once the ball was in the air. Just simple pitch and catch. That kind of football is really hard to watch when you're on the receiving end of it. No momentum, hope fading every 3rd down because you know that they'll just run and pick up 6 yards. Tough stuff. If Coach Fitzgerald doesn't have this defense on the same page, It's going to be a LOOOONG season. Hell, that was the longest Saturday of my life and I was black out by 10 AM. QB Clayton Thorson looked lost out there, too. He wasn't overtly bad but just got in the way of the offense, especially when he fumbled on the 1. I do have to give a shout out out to former Fenwick Friar Robert Spillane on the strip. Absolute beast play by the kid that learned everything he knows from me.
The one glimmer of hope that shone through was Justin Jackson's performance. JJ ran for 124 yards and 3 TDs and was really the only thing that kept this game from being a blowout. The line didn't give him the holes he needed but he still kept gashing the Broncos, especially on his 46 yarder that just about brought the dame house down. Heisman watch remains ON
For more NU rantings and ravings, make sure to follow me @ColtMcAdams
Advertisements
In The Looming Tower, the Pulitzer-winning history of al-Qaeda and the road to 9/11, author Lawrence Wright lays out how Osama bin Laden's motivation for the attacks that he planned in the 1990s, and then the September 11 attacks, was to draw the U.S. and the West into a prolonged war—an actual war in Afghanistan, and a broader global war with Islam.
Osama got both. And we gave him a prolonged war in Iraq to boot. By the end of Obama's first term, we'll probably top 6,000 dead U.S. troops in those two wars, along with hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and Afghans. The cost for both wars is also now well over $1 trillion.
We have also fundamentally altered who we are. A partial, off-the-top-of-my-head list of how we've changed since September 11 . . .
We've sent terrorist suspects to “black sites” to be detained without trial and tortured.
We've turned terrorist suspects over to other regimes, knowing that they'd be tortured.
In those cases when our government later learned it got the wrong guy, federal officials not only refused to apologize or compensate him, they went to court to argue he should be barred from using our courts to seek justice, and that the details of his abduction, torture, and detainment should be kept secret.
We've abducted and imprisoned dozens, perhaps hundreds of men in Guantanamo who turned out to have been innocent. Again, the government felt no obligation to do right by them.
The government launched a multimillion dollar ad campaign implying that people who smoke marijuana are implicit in the murder of nearly 3,000 of their fellow citizens.
The government illegally spied and eavesdropped on thousands of American citizens.
Presidents from both of the two major political parties have claimed the power to detain suspected terrorists and hold them indefinitely without trial, based solely on the president's designation of them as an “enemy combatant,” essentially making the president prosecutor, judge, and jury. (I'd also argue that the treatment of someone like Bradley Manning wouldn't have been tolerated before September 11.)
The current president has also claimed the power to execute U.S. citizens, off the battlefield, without a trial, and to prevent anyone from knowing about it after the fact.
The Congress approved, the president signed, and the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a broadly written law making it a crime to advocate for any organization the government deems sympathetic to terrorism. This includes challenging the “terrorist” designation in the first place.
Flying in America now means enduring a humiliating and hassling ritual that does little if anything to actually make flying any safer. Every time the government fails to catch an attempt at terrorism, it punishes the public for its failure by adding to the ritual.
American Muslims, a heartening story of success and assimilation, are now harassed and denigrated for merely trying to build houses of worship.
Without a warrant, the government can search and seize indefinitely the laptops and other personal electronic devices of anyone entering the country.
The Department of Homeland Security now gives terrorism-fighting grants for local police departments across the country to purchase military equipment, such as armored personnel carriers, which is then used against U.S. citizens, mostly to serve drug warrants.
I'm relieved that bin Laden is dead. And the Navy SEALs who carried out the harrowing raid that ended his life have my respect and admiration. And for all the massive waste and abuse our government has perpetrated in the name of fighting terrorism over the last decade, there's something satisfying in knowing that he was killed in a limited, targeted operation based on specific intelligence.
But because of the actions of one guy, we allowed all the bullet points above to happen. That we managed to kill him a decade after the September 11 attacks is symbolically important, but hardly seems worth the celebrations we saw across the country last night. There was something unsettling about watching giddy crowds bounce around beach balls and climb telephone polls last night, as if they were in the lawn seats at a rock festival. Solemn and somber appreciation that an evil man is gone seemed like the more appropriate reaction.
Yes, bin Laden the man is dead. But he achieved all he set out to achieve, and a hell of a lot more. He forever changed who we are as a country, and for the worse. Mostly because we let him. That isn't something a special ops team can fix.
But we are seeing guys battle hard. We are seeing them push to make plays. And the only difference between Weeks 1 and 2 from a defensive standpoint -- the difference between winning and losing -- is that they were able to make a few plays in the fourth quarter and in the red zone.
That isn't to say the Cowboys have a great defense. They don't. We all know it, and compared to league averages, the Cowboys must do better in nearly every category from what we've seen.
The name of the game in the NFL is: "Who is going to make that play at that moment to win this game?" That is how defense is played. Every team is going to give up between 300-400 yards most weeks, 20-24 points and several highlights. The teams are too good. The players are too talented. There are almost no "clean sheets" in the NFL. The rules are geared toward the offense and the league wants excitement. They don't want a 3-0 game. They want 28-27.
Once we establish that this is the NFL and both teams are really good and all of these games are going to be close from week to week, we cut through the noise and get down to the name of the game.
Here, the Redskins have a chance to take a 10-point lead with a touchdown in the fourth quarter. That seems pretty big against a young quarterback like Dak Prescott. So this play, on 3rd-and-6, has a chance to either put the game in a great spot, settle for a field goal to put you up by six, or maybe, Barry Church can make a play. There is a lot to look at here. First, see Church and Jones in the middle of the field playing safety. Jones is the extra guy on the left and Church is watching the other side. I am pretty sure that Cousins expects Church to help Sean Lee on Jordan Reed. Everyone is thinking the big tight end is the target, but Church sees Garcon in the back of the end zone and heads over there from the weak side. I love sending pressure here, but Rod Marinelli predictably does not. And because of that, he has a weak-side obstacle who is able to get in the passing lane. Dropping seven always allows this possibility and when it works, it looks brilliant. Look how mad Garcon is at Cousins for not seeing that. Huge play.
The above play is from the next drive. There is 2:38 left in the game and the Redskins are now down 27-23, facing a 3rd-and-1. They simply want to move the chains here, so they want to go get that one yard. And out of nowhere, from the far side into the gap, is Sean Lee with his trademark run stuff. This angle doesn't do the speed of impact justice, but this was huge. So they stonewall them and set up 4th-and-1 out of the two-minute warning.
Cover 1, rat in the hole. This means as opposed to man coverage with two safeties high, you switch a safety for a linebacker and have one deep, one shallow. The shallow man is the linebacker, Durant, and this is one of Marinelli's go-to coverages. Durant must carry the first man and then read the eyes of the quarterback to step in and make a play in the passing lane, because again, the target is Garcon and he can get Claiborne on the slant with ease. But Durant knows that is the read, and he gets in on it.
Here you can really see Durant mirroring Cousins. This reminds me of Rolando McClain's pick-six last year in Miami.
This is clearly something that a nice middle linebacker better be able to do here, and Durant got it done to stop the Redskins. And then, with a little time left, Washington had one final chance.
So what team doesn't want to unleash their best pass-rush group? And what team would ever answer that question by sending out four defensive tackles? The Cowboys, of course. And Tyrone Crawford turns the corner and smashes Cousins for a huge sack. I kind of wonder, if this keeps looking like this, if No. 98 is best played at the left defensive end spot with Maliek Collins and Terrell McClain inside and DeMarcus Lawrence on the other side. Weird to do that with that contract on Crawford, but Collins looks OK at 3-tech at times, and McClain (as you will see below) may be the best player right now on this front. WEEKLY DATA
There is no question Kirk Cousins missed throws -- or he might have rolled up 400 or 500 yards passing -- and the Cowboys were fortunate. But all of those stops in the red zone should be credited to Dallas and those plays in the fourth quarter are what this game is all about. Look, they need better players, but all they can do for now is fight to make a play. That was good enough in Washington. SPLASH PLAYS
KIRK COUSINS THROW CHART In particular, I thought David Irving continues to flash in smaller doses, Byron Jones might have made the unsung play of the game for running down Josh Doctson after Brandon Carr busted on a coverage miscue. He didn't get a splash for that (I can't do it on a 57-yard gain), but Jones did something there that resulted in zero points because of Church's interception moments later. That is something that should not be forgotten when we evaluate the play of No. 31. I think he has been pretty solid -- as I expected. You have already seen a good number of these splash plays above, but we should not forget several of the plays earlier in the game when defenders were able to make a significant difference with their efforts.
We knew Kirk Cousins was not a franchise quarterback based on evidence before Sunday -- but it just solidified it more than he again missed too many open receivers, and you can see how his performance relies on the long ball and not throws into tight spaces. He is a third-down dump-off artist who uses play action to hit bombs over the top. If he connects, he is great, but it is not something to bet upon over a six-year contract. They took several shots and he just missed guys. The Cowboys likely lose against a better quarterback on Sunday. But, as we have said, this season's schedule is not filled with very many good quarterbacks.
SEASON SPLASHES
And finally, here is the season total (through a mere two weeks) of splash plays. As you can see, there are some unfamiliar names at the top of the leaderboard, but things often normalize as we go. That said, I am here to say that Terrell McClain is showing me things that are very impressive and while he has always been a player who is very dependent on staying healthy, I think we should give him a little time and attention. If you can believe it, the Cowboys signed him in the spring of 2014 to a three-year deal worth a little over $3 million. You may be wondering why you haven't seen much since and, again, it goes back to health. In 2014, he was a depth guy who got banged up and played about 300 snaps. Then, last year, he was lost for the season in Week 2 at Philadelphia and played just 45 snaps -- a number he has already surpassed. He already has six splashes plays this year and is close to the nine splashes he had in 2014 and 2015 combined. Let's prove how great he has been through two weeks:
Big No. 97 is right on the nose here, where the center tries to get a piece but really doesn't. The right guard has no leverage and McClain devours the running back in the hole.
Here he deals with a direct double team and stands his ground until the running back is in his grasp. Then he finishes the play himself. Goodness gracious, man.
I appreciate all that Nick Hayden did (including staying healthy), but there is no substitute for the quickness like this on a man this size. A true 300-pound dancing bear.
Here, McClain gets down that line and makes the play himself. A play-making 1-technique? Is this real?
Now in the other direction he goes. I won't even try to describe how good this is for a big man chasing the play down and waiting for the running back to cut back.
You want a little pass rush from your nose? How about a three-man rush where he flushes the pocket after battling through a triple team? Let's see him stay healthy, but if the Cowboys keep getting this from the inside, they've got something very nice. I had no idea he could keep Cedric Thornton on the sideline, but this is really great stuff.
SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS They continue to try treading water until DeMarcus Lawrence gives them a real edge presence in Week 5. Until then, they get to take on Brian Hoyer and Blaine Gabbert. You would like to think the defense can stand up to those two tests and put the team in a position to win. More importantly, they are starting to make us think they can deal with stopping the run -- although that fourth quarter against New York remains a disconcerting mystery. Some bad, but the game ended with some big plays. I am not sure you can ask for too much more from this defense at the moment. But that may be good enough to get a few more early wins. Twitter: @SportsSturm Get the latest Cowboys news here | Follow dmn_cowboys on Twitter | Like our Cowboys Facebook page here
This Topic is Missing Your Voice.
Del. Heather R. Mizeur has chosen the Rev. Delman Coates — the charismatic pastor of a large church in Prince George's County — as her running mate in the 2014 race for the Democratic nomination for governor, according to a source familiar with the campaign's plans.
Mizeur is expected to introduce Coates, senior pastor of Mount Ennon Baptist Church in Clinton, as her choice for lieutenant governor at an event in Silver Spring Wednesday night.
Coates, 40, adds racial and gender balance to Mizeur's ticket but leaves the Baltimore area out of the picture. She is a 40-year-old white woman from Montgomery County who is serving her second term in the House of Delegates. He is an African-American man who has not held elected office.
The Mizeur- Coates team would be the second Montgomery-Prince George's alliance in the Democratic race. Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler, a Montgomery resident, chose Del. Jolene Ivey of Prince George's to run with him. Lt. Gov. Anthony G. Brown, who hails from Prince George's, recruited Howard County Executive Ken Ulman for his ticket.
Coates, who has led the 8,000-member Mount Ennon since 2004, became a statewide figure last year when he broke with more conservative clergy members and appeared in television ads in favor of a ballot question approving same-sex marriage in Maryland. Mizeur, a lesbian who married her wife in California, was active in the fight to win ratification of that law.
Mizeur has spoken at Coates' predominantly African-American church several times, joining the pastor in the fall of 2012 to oppose what was ultimately a successful a ballot measure allowing a casino in Prince George's. This summer, Coates became one of the first prominent Marylanders to endorse Mizeur.
Mizeur is the only one of the three announced candidates for governor who doesn't hold statewide office. As a consequence polls show that she has far less name recognition seven months before the June 24 primary than Brown and Gansler. The same polls show Brown holding a roughly 2-1 lead over Gansler with Mizeur polling in single digits as she attempts to become the first sitting delegate to be elected governor by the voters.
Coates holds religion degrees from Morehouse College, Harvard Divinity School and Columbia University, where he earned a doctorate in 2006. He is a married father of four.
michael.dresser@baltsun.com
IE9 RC includes support for the W3C Geolocation API, which enables Web developers to request the user's physical location. This capability is useful for many Web sites, especially those that are already location-aware. For example, mapping services can now center the map based on where you actually are. Sites that let you check in can recommend nearby places. Local search can work more reliability.
Internet Explorer respects your privacy. With your permission, Web sites can obtain your approximate latitude and longitude by calling one of the W3C Geolocation API methods. If a Web site requests your location, Internet Explorer will notify you and let you choose whether or not to grant the requesting Web site access to your location. You can allow or deny the Web site access to your location once, or you can always allow or deny by clicking on the “Options for this site” button. At any time, you can clear the list of sites you have allowed or denied access to on the Privacy tab in Tools->Internet Options. On that tab, you can also turn off geolocation and prevent any Web site from requesting your location.
If you allow, Internet Explorer will approximate your location with the help of the Microsoft Location Service and works without the need for additional hardware. Given an IP address or a list of nearby WiFi hotspots, it can approximate your physical location using a database of IP addresses and a database of known hotspot locations.
You can try out this capability on the IE9 Test Drive site. Just click “locate me,” approve the prompt, and check out the result. If you zoom out, you can see the error radius that is returned by the API. You'll notice that location requests with WiFi data are more accurate than those based just on IP address.
In a future post we'll get into some useful code samples that demonstrate how to integrate this capability into your Web site. Until then, you can check out the Geolocation Demo on the IE Test Drive site.
—Andy Zeigler, Program Manager, Internet Explorer
Stephanie Ruhle (MSNBC)
MSNBC's Stephanie Ruhle reacted to a bizarre appearance by Roy Moore's attorney — who insulted her co-host Ali Velshi while trying to defend his client from sex abuse allegations.
Ruhle appeared Thursday on “Morning Joe,” which airs just before her own program, to discuss attorney Trenton Garmon's remarks the day before.
Garmon suggested that Velshi, a Muslim who grew up in Canada, had a “diverse background” that should help him understand why Moore would ask parents for permission to pursue a relationship with their teenage daughters.
“It was stunning,” Ruhle said. “We were sitting there — we couldn't even believe it was happening, and the people who you have to feel the worst for here, (isn't) my partner Ali Velshi, it's the good people of Alabama. When you have Roy Moore and the attorney representing him not even throwing out a dog whistle, but straight-up, blatant racism, it's playing into every awful stereotype.”
“Imagine if I signed off to that guy and said, ‘Enjoy kissing your sister and taking your cousin to the prom, honky tonk' — that's awful,” she added.
Host Mika Brzezinski said the attorney's remarks should be enough to disqualify Moore from the U.S. Senate, and Ruhle said voters should consider his statements along with the mounting allegations against the Republican candidate.
“Here's the good thing, whether it's disqualifiable or not, it's shining a light, it's exposing it,” Ruhle said. “So maybe the people of Alabama have been complacent or they've been quiet, but maybe this will give them an opportunity to say we're going to stand up, because this isn't who we are, it's not who our children are, it's not what we want the future to be. Because a statement like that, Ali, he read his background, he read his bio, maybe he looked at his brown skin — that is stunning. It's offensive. Frankly, Mika, it's flat-out stupid.”
A photo tweeted by SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Sept. 25, 2016, shows the Raptor rocket engine undergoing testing for the first time. In this tweet, Musk pointed out a wave pattern called "Mach diamonds" that appears in supersonic-speed exhaust plumes.
SpaceX has successfully test-fired the new Raptor rocket engine that will launch the company's planned interplanetary spaceship, according to a series of tweets from the company's CEO, Elon Musk. The engine is being developed to help propel a powerful reusable rocket to Mars and beyond as part of SpaceX's Interplanetary Transport System.
Although Musk revealed some technical details about the engine on Twitter, he promised to reveal more tomorrow (Sept. 27) at his scheduled talk at the International Astronautical Congress event in Guadalajara, Mexico. Musk did not disclose when the test had taken place.
Earlier this month, Musk took to Twitter to announce a name change for the ambitious Mars Colonial Transporter, which can go "well beyond Mars," he said in a series of tweets. The Raptor forms a vital part of the newly named Interplanetary Transport System.
Through Twitter, Musk confirmed that the engine's nozzle is about 14 feet (4.3 meters) in diameter, and that the final version will generate 3 million newtons of force, with a chamber pressure three times that of the Merlin engines that currently propel SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket.
"Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of 382 seconds and thrust of 3 MN (~310 metric tons) at 300 bar," he wrote on Twitter. "382s is with a 150 area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.," he clarified in another tweet
Back in 2012, Musk described the Raptor engine as working similarly to the engines that propelled NASA's space shuttles, with a two-stage cycle that is more efficient than the current Merlin engines used by the company's Falcon 9 rocket. Rather than using liquid oxygen and kerosene as fuel as the Falcon 9's engines do, Raptor will use liquid oxygen and methane to reduce energy costs as well, Musk said at the time.
SpaceX intends to launch an uncrewed Mars mission in 2018, using a Dragon space capsule and a Falcon Heavy rocket. The Interplanetary Transport System could launch humans to Mars as early as 2024 if all goes well, Musk has said.
Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
How low can you go? A signal on 8.971 kHz has spanned the Atlantic, from North Carolina to the UK. Running on the order of 150 µW effective radiated power, very low frequency (VLF) experimenter Dex McIntyre, W4DEX, transmitted signals on June 2 and 3 that were detected by Paul Nicholson, an SWL in the UK. Earlier this year, Nicholson detected McIntyre's WH2XBA/4 Experimental Service VLF signal on 29.501 kHz. McIntyre needed no FCC license to transmit on 8.971 kHz, since the Commission has not designated any allocations below 9 kHz — dubbed “the Dreamers' Band.”
“I'll probably make more transmissions on 8.9 kHz when there is no chance of thunderstorms,” McIntyre told ARRL this week. “Then, maybe sliding down in frequency to see how low I can go for Paul to detect the signal.”
Right now, McIntyre said his priority is to complete a transverter for the other end of the spectrum — 5.7 GHz. He's also working on a second 24 GHz system as a loaner, “so I'll have someone to work,” he noted. “Sure is lonely here above UHF.”
Nicholson used sophisticated digital signal processing (DSP) software to detect McIntyre's transmission. The distance was approximately 6194 km (approximately 3840 mi). Nicholson was able to detect the VLF signal during both daylight and nighttime paths.
On June 1 and into June 2, McIntyre transmitted a steady, GPS-locked carrier at 8.971.000 kHz. Between 0000 and 0600 UTC, Nicholson measured a carrier at that frequency in Todmorden, UK. He combined the electrical and magnetic field receiver outputs to produce a unidirectional antenna response.
“This brought the signal up to a significant level,” Nicholson reported. “The signal bearing was roughly west. W4DEX is bearing 285° from here. The S/N is max on a bearing of 315°, which puts the prevailing southwesterly background nearer to the side of the antenna response. This gave the signal a respectable 12.5 dB S/N in a 46 µHz bandwidth.” Nicholson said McIntyre's carrier also was visible during a daylight path in a 23 µHz bandwidth.
Just to confirm that Nicholson was actually detecting McIntyre's signal, the two experimenters conducted a blind confirmation test. McIntyre changed his transmit frequency slightly, and Nicholson was also able to detect that signal at 8.971.100 kHz at the same strength. An e-mail response from McIntyre confirmed 8.971.1 kHz as the new frequency.
Is a two-way sub-9 kHz contact in the offing? “A two-way, transatlantic contact would be a hundred times more amazing than just a simple signal detection,” McIntyre said. “I seriously doubt I will ever have that receive capability. But not long ago I seriously doubted I would be the first to receive a transatlantic or New Zealand 137 kHz transmission. Going down in frequency has been as much fun as going higher. It's all RF.”
McIntyre expressed his appreciation to Nicholson, “who was convinced this could be done with so little radiated power and for his continuous prodding to give it a try.” He also credited Nicholson's “amazing weak-signal software.
McIntyre's transmitter consisted of a Hewlett Packard HP 3586B selective level meter with tracking generator. The low-level generator output is amplified by a Wandel & Golterman A-160 level regulator, which feeds a Hafler P3000 stereo audio amplifier, which has been bridge connected for mono output. In this configuration, the P3000 is capable of putting out 400 W of audio into an 8 W load. McIntyre said the same generator and amplifier have been used on 137, 74, and 29 kHz experiments.
His antenna is essentially the same one he uses for 160 meters and for other LF experiments. For this experiment, however, it was equipped with a gigantic base-loading coil, which contains nearly a mile of wire. “The vertical wire is spaced 1.5 meters from the tower, hanging from an insulator 29 meters above ground,” McIntyre explained. “Top hat consists of about 170 meters of #18 Copperweld. Most of the top hat wires run about 7 to 20 meters over the top of a combination of oak and pine trees. Total antenna capacitance is close to 1200 pF.”
McIntyre also thanked Jay Rusgrove, W1VD, and John Andrews, W1TAG, for their technical advice, Markus Vester, DF6NM, for technical advice “and additional prodding,” Mal Hamilton, G3KEV, for coming up with the term “Dreamers' Band,” and Stefan Schaefer, DK7FC, for “proving dreams can come true.”
He also expressed gratitude to Warren Ziegler, K2ORS, for the opportunity to experiment on 29 and 74 kHz, “and all the other VLF experimenters who posted their results on the RSGB LF Group and the Yahoo Sub 9kHz Amateur Radio group.
The US government has moved to block federal agencies from buying software from Russia-based Kaspersky Labs, amid concerns about the company's links to intelligence services in Moscow.
The General Services Administration, which handles federal government purchasing contracts, said in a statement to AFP that Kaspersky Labs, a major global provider of cybersecurity software, has been removed from its list of approved vendors, making it more difficult to obtain Kaspersky products.
"GSA's priorities are to ensure the integrity and security of US government systems and networks and evaluate products and services available on our contracts using supply chain risk management processes," the agency said in a statement.
The action came weeks after top US intelligence agency and law enforcement officials publicly expressed concerns about use of Kaspersky software.
The officials, appearing at a congressional hearing in May, stopped short of offering specifics but appeared to suggest concerns over the computer security firm's alleged links to Russian defense and intelligence bodies.
The company said in a statement to AFP Wednesday, "Kaspersky Lab has no ties to any government, and the company has never helped, nor will help, any government in the world with its cyberespionage efforts."
It added that "the company is being unjustly accused without any hard evidence to back up these false allegations."
A Bloomberg News report this week meanwhile claimed internal company emails show that Kaspersky has maintained a closer working relationship with Russia's main intelligence agency, the FSB, than it has publicly admitted.
Kaspersky on Tuesday issued a statement disputing the Bloomberg accounting, saying "the communication was misinterpreted or manipulated," but did acknowledge that it "regularly cooperates with law enforcement agencies, industry peers and victims of cybercrime."
The company has repeatedly denied working with any government agency, and Russia-born founder Eugene Kaspersky has on several occasions sought to counter any such allegations.
In a June 30 blog post, Kaspersky wrote, "For some reason the assumption continues to resonate that since we're Russian, we must also be tied to the Russian government. But really, as a global company, does anyone seriously think we could survive this long if we were a pawn of ANY government?"
Hayden Paddon nailed his best World Rally Championship yet after finishing second in the Rally Italia Sardegna.
Hayden Paddon has made New Zealand motorsport history, securing his first-ever World Rally Championship podium on the roads of Sardinia.
Paddon nursed his ailing Hyundai around four 11km stages on the final day of the Rally of Italy to secure second place on Sunday night (NZT), 3 minutes and 5 seconds behind world champion and race winner Sebastien Ogier.
It is the equal highest a Kiwi has ever finished in a WRC event, meaning Paddon joins the company of Rod Millen, Ray Wilson and Blair Robson who had second place finishes in the Rally of New Zealand in 1989, 1988 and 1979 respectively.
GETTY IMAGES Hayden Paddon and John Kennard of New Zealand compete in their Hyundai around Sardinia.
READ MORE:
* Kiwi one-two finish at Le Mans 24 Hours race
* 14-year-old wins V8 Supercar race
It is the best WRC result outside New Zealand, eclipsing Possum Bourne who finished fourth at Rally Australia in 1990.
Paddon, whose pace was strong enough to win Stage 20, the first of the day, said he was feeling "very relieved" to finish after a small problem slowed his pace on the last three.
"A massive thanks to everybody supporting me - at home and at the team. I can't have wished for anything more from here."
Earlier in the rally, those watching Paddon's progress dared to dream of a victory. But on roads where rocks the size of footballs have regularly found their way onto the racing line, it seemed likely that there would be one with Paddon's name on it.
So it proved.
The Hyundai driver started the third day with an 8.8 seconds advantage over Ogier and was in the box seat when he extended his overnight lead to 9.3 seconds after 15 of the 23 stages.
But the Frenchman, who is the only driver yet to have a mechanical problem of some sort, took the lead in the afternoon's 17th Monti di Ala' stage when Paddon spun and lost more than 10 seconds when the engine stopped.
Paddon then struck the fateful piece of granite on the next stage, with the car suffering a damaged transmission and forcing him to carry out roadside repairs.
The normally ice-cool Kiwi allowed himself some emotion once he had crawled over the finish line for the day, after initially being too overcome to speak to media.
"I don't want to be a drama queen but when it happened, it ripped my heart out," Paddon said.
"We hit a big rock on the driving line and I thought there was no way we could go on but we strapped it up as best we could."
On the second day Paddon took his opponents to school as he left them in the dust, winning three of the first four stages to take a lead of 20 seconds on the rest of the field.
It was a margin he would hold for the rest of the day until a near calamity on stage 10 - the final one of the day - saw him lose nearly 12 seconds to the relentless Ogier.
Paddon's tyres, which had made the difference earlier on, failed him. He felt as though he was being pushed wide at every turn, even hitting a bank at one point, before one of them punctured with the line in sight.
This drive represents a turning point for the man from Geraldine, South Canterbury, and his right-hand man from Marlborough, John Kennard.
Up until Paddon arrived in Sardinia to celebrate one year of breaking into the top-tier, he had struggled to get out of the middle of the field.
He had won one stage, in Spain, and finished as high as fifth overall in his team-mate Dani Sordo's car at Rally Sweden, but car failure and crashes have prevented him from showing the full range of his talent.
Bourne, who won the first stage of Rally New Zealand in 1999, is the only other Kiwi to know what it is like to lead a round of the WRC, while Paddon is the first to do it outside his home country.
Tom Brady is no different than most superstar athletes. He's willing to do whatever it takes to improve his performance on the field. The past few years, that's even meant using innovative methods to keep his brain in top shape.
With the help of his longtime “body coach” Alex Guerrero, who has kept the Patriots quarterback's physique finely tuned, Brady has undergone extensive testing and state-of-the-art brain training geared toward sharpening his decision-making skills.
The operating manager of Brady's TB12 Sports Therapy Center at Patriot Place, Guerrero said Brady is one of many athletes he trains who are now utilizing the technology.
As a baseline measure, Brady underwent a functional neuro-cognitive image (FNCI) — or brain scan — that consisted of a half-dozen different cognitive tests.
“Based on those, we're able to see what part of his brain is either overworked, or under-worked and what we need to focus on to put those areas of his brain back into normal range,” Guerrero said. “We know what normal looks like. We know how efficient his brain should be in certain areas as it relates to his sport and his position. So we look at his brain, we see where we're lacking or overcompensating, and where he's deficient.”
The technology is such that Guerrero can devise cognitive exercises specifically geared to anyone, be it an NFL quarterback, or a CEO of a large corporation. In Brady's case, the exercises honed in on what happens after a play is radioed in, and the swiftness with which he must process the information, read the defense, and get everyone on the same page, especially if adjustments need to be made at the line of scrimmage.
Said Guerrero: “We can make (the exercises) position specific, sports specific and be able to train the brain to do what we want it do to.”
So after the deficient areas in Brady's brain were identified, the nine-time Pro Bowler began doing the appropriate exercises to get back into what is considered the median range. That's helped the Patriots quarterback become even more adept at reacting and making the necessary split-second decisions.
“His physical skills, his technique of being able to throw the football and his physical fitness are always going to be there,” Guerrero said of Brady. “For him, it's more a matter of staying sharp, of having his mind right. It's decision-making, and all of that is based on the cognitive exercises Tom does.”
During a radio interview on WEEI's “Dennis & Callahan Show” last week, Brady asserted that decision-making is the most important trait a quarterback needs to be successful in the NFL.
“The quarterback position, in general, really affects the game a lot because you've got the ball in your hands more than anybody else. So if you make poor decisions with the football, then you really don't give your team a chance to win the game,” Brady said on WEEI. “If you're careless with the ball, if you're not throwing the ball to the right places, if you're making wrong checks at the line of scrimmage, then the rest of the team really has no chance.”
While arm strength, accuracy and physical ability are key skills cited in scouting reports, there is no doubt that mental acuity is just as important to a quarterback. The way defenses scheme nowadays, quarterbacks need the ability to processes information incredibly fast.
Guerrero indicated the exercises are geared toward speeding up visual processing and verbalization skills, as well as enhancing memory. Brady became involved with this type of cognitive fitness training and engaging in brain games a few years ago, when he thought his processing of information on a play-by-play basis could be faster.
Said Guerrero: “He's very perceptive. He knows himself so well. So we found the problem. He said, ‘How do we fix it?' . . . So we did.
“And he's noticed a big difference.”
The FNCI is also helpful with athletes who suffer concussions, as former Patriots wide receiver Wes Welker has also used the technology. After a scan targeted his areas that were overworked or underworked, Guerrero mapped out appropriate exercises for improvement.
“The idea behind this, for us, is the health of the brain, and brain resiliency,” Guerrero said. “We know it's there. We know what we have. We've been doing it with Tom for several years. Now we're doing it with everybody because it's been so effective.”
Brady already was considered one of the quickest-thinking quarterbacks in the game before he started brain training. Now, he's that much better.
“The decision-making part comes so natural for him,” Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola said. “That's what makes this offense go, and what's made him so successful in the past, his ability to see the coverages that (opponents are) not only going to line up in, but roll to after the snap. He always gets everyone lined up in the right position, and gets everyone on the same page.”
Former Patriots center Dan Koppen, who has played with both Brady and Peyton Manning, believes he's been with two of the most cerebral quarterbacks of all time.
“I just know playing with those two, that their decision making and their ability to pull the trigger pretty quickly is right up there among the best,” Koppen said. “They put themselves in the best situation to make plays. They know what the defense is going to do. They know what they need to do to beat that specific defense. Nine times out of 10, I'd say Tom knows where he's going with the ball before the ball is snapped, and that just helps everybody. And, given the defenses and the athletes you have now, the quicker you can process stuff and get rid of the ball, the better off you're going to be.”
Jimmy G ‘used to it'
We recently caught up with former Eastern Illinois coach Dino Babers, who coached Jimmy Garoppolo in college. During a prior conversation with Babers, he had predicted his former protege would provide some “wow” moments for those watching him during Patriots training camp and the preseason.
“He grows on you, doesn't he?” Babers said with a laugh.
Asked why Garoppolo has looked so good, so poised in his first NFL games, Babers, now the head coach at Bowling Green, said it's because he's comfortable in the job. He was a four-year starter at the FCS school.
Said Babers: “He's played a lot of games as a starting quarterback. So he's used to being in the huddle, he's used to taking command in the huddle. He's used to moving the chains and in trying to throw to the end zone. For a lot of people, that should be a stressful situation. For him, that's a normal situation.” . . .
As the Patriots continue to play tight end roulette, some will continue to wonder why they didn't draft one. A name that came up as a possibility was Iowa's C.J. Fiedorowicz. Texans coach Bill O'Brien, the former Pats offensive coordinator, nabbed him in the third round instead.
O'Brien talked about the potential of the 6-foot-5, 265-pound tight end last week.
“We like what we see in him,” O'Brien told the Houston Chronicle. “We've got to change his hands a little bit on how he catches those balls, but we'll work on that a little bit more with him. . . . He's a big, strong, physical player and an intelligent player for a rookie. He has come in and learned the system well.”
As a Hawkeye, Fiedorowicz caught 91 passes for 899 yards and 10 touchdowns — including a team-leading six last season.
Scott's pick: Vick
CBS analyst and former Jets linebacker Bart Scott said Michael Vick is a better option at quarterback than Geno Smith if Gang Green wants to win now.
What does Jets coach Rex Ryan think of Scott's assertion?
“That's one man's opinion and Bart, obviously, had to chase Mike Vick around for a long time, so he's got a different perspective maybe than other people,” Ryan told the New York media last week. “But certainly, Bart has a right to his opinion. And we've said it all along, we think we have two outstanding quarterbacks and we want to have, when it's all said and done, two great quarterbacks.”
But does Ryan believe he has two great quarterbacks now?
“I don't know if we can say that yet,” Ryan responded, “but I think (in) time we'll be able to tell that.”
Yellow will mellow
Many analysts still believe the torrent of preseason penalty flags will eventually slow and we won't see regular-season games extended as long as 31⁄2 hours because of the new emphasis on defensive holding and illegal contact.
“Once the dust settles, it's going to be a typical game,” SiriusXM NFL radio host and former Patriots quarterback Jim Miller told the Herald. “I think all of these officials are going to knock it off. The game is packaged so well to broadcast for three hours and six minutes, and right now they're running about 31⁄2, which is too long. The networks are going to start screaming. They're going to tell the NFL, ‘You've got to stop it. We can't get these doubleheader games in if you continue to call games like this.' ”
BC junior guard Olivier Hanlan led the ACC in scoring with 19.4 points per game and has led the Eagles in scoring each of his three seasons.
Boston College junior guard Olivier Hanlan was named to the 2015 All-Atlantic Coast Conference Team as voted upon by the league's 15 head coaches.
Player and Freshman of the Year Jahlil Okafor (Duke), junior Malcolm Brogdon (Virginia), senior Jerian Grant (Notre Dame) and Most Improved Player Rakeem Christmas (Syracuse) round out the team.
Originally from Aylmer, Quebec, the New Hampton School product led the ACC in scoring with 19.4 points per game, while his 4.2 assists per game were ninth in the conference.
Advertisement
Hanlan closed out the regular season by reaching double-digit point totals in 24 straight games. Only once this season did he finish with a single-digit point total – a nine-point effort in a win over Marist on Dec. 1.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The 6-foot-4, 190-pound Hanlan has led the Eagles in scoring each of his three seasons on The Heights and was Top 5 in the conference all three years. Last season, he was an All-ACC Third Team selection as a sophomore, when he averaged 18.5 points and 2.9 assists.
On Feb. 26, 2014, Hanlan became the third player in Boston College history (Troy Bell, Craig Smith) and the 29th player in ACC history to eclipse the 1,000-point mark as a sophomore.
Boston College finished 13th out of 15 teams in the ACC standings with a 12-18 overall record and a 4-14 record in league play under first year head coach Jim Christian.
The Eagles will play Georgia Tech (12-18; 3-15 ACC) Tuesday at 1 p.m. in Greensboro, North Carolina, for the right to play No. 19 North Carolina on Wednesday. Boston College took a 64-62 decision at Georgia Tech on Jan. 25.
Advertisement
The complete list of ACC honorees:
First Team
Olivier Hanlan, Jr., Boston College
Jahlil Okafor, Fr., Duke
Jerian Grant, Sr., Notre Dame
Rakeem Christmas, Gr. Syracuse
Malcolm Brogdon, Jr., Virginia
Second Team
Advertisement
Quinn Cook, Sr., Duke
Montrezl Harrell, Jr., Louisville
Terry Rozier, So., Louisville
Marcus Paige, Jr., North Carolina
Justin Anderson, Jr., Virginia
Third Team
Tyus Jones, Fr., Duke
Brice Johnson, Jr., North Carolina
Trevor Lacey, Jr., NC State
Pat Connaughton, Sr., Notre Dame
Jamel Artis, So., Pitt
Freshman Team
Jahlil Okafor, Duke
Tyus Jones, Duke
Justise Winslow, Duke
Xavier Rathan-Mayes, Florida State
Justin Jackson, North Carolina
Defensive Team
Tonye Jekiri, Jr., Miami
BeeJay Anya, So., NC State
Jerian Grant, Sr., Notre Dame
Rakeem Christmas, Gr., Syracuse
Malcolm Brogdon, Jr., Virginia
Anthony Gill, Jr, Virginia
Player of the Year: Jahlil Okafor, Fr., Duke
Freshman of the Year: Jahlil Okafor, Fr., Duke
Coach of the Year: Tony Bennett, Virginia
Most Improved Player of the Year: Rakeem Christmas, Gr. Syracuse
Sixth Man: Mike Tobey, Jr., Virginia
Andrew MacDougall can be reached at andrew.macdougall@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @Andy_MacDougall
Six years after discovering and excavating the first Viking boat burial site discovered on the UK mainland, archaeologists have provided a glimpse into some of the mysteries this rare burial reveals.
Originally unearthed in 2011, the site in Swordle Bay, Scotland, was the first undisturbed Viking boat burial found on the UK mainland. After six years of work, Ardnamurchan Transitions Project's findings were recently released in an in-depth report in the Journal of Antiquity, revealing, among other things, the growing relationship between Scotland and the Viking world at that time.
Post-excavation photograph of the burial site. (Credit: Antiquity Publications Ltd, 2017)
Viking boat burials themselves were extremely rare. Only practiced for the deaths of prominent individuals, the ritual used a boat as a coffin for the body and burial goods. Discovered under a low-lying natural mound close to the shore, this particular site was small, measuring approximately 17 feet by 5 feet, and thought to have contained a row boat that was accompanying a larger ship.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Other artifacts from the burial site. The sword (top); the sword in situ (below); the mineralized textile remains (right); detail of the decoration after conservation (left). (Credit: Pieta Greaves/AOC Archaeology).
After excavating the site, archaeologists were able to reconstruct the steps of the burial. A boat-shaped depression was first dug into a natural mound of beach shingle. The boat was then inserted into the ground, and the body was placed inside, along with the grave goods. Stones were place inside and around the boat. As part of the closing of the site, a spear and shield boss (the round or convex piece of material at the center of a shield) were deliberately broken and deposited.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Pre-excavation photograph after initial cleaning. (Credit: Antiquity Publications Ltd, 2017)
The ship, along with the human remains, decayed in the acidic soil long ago, but the grave artifacts remained, offering a glimpse into the possible origins of the deceased as well as the reach of Viking culture. A single copper alloy-ringed pin with three bosses—a style found in Ireland—was also found, believed to have originally been fastened to a burial coat. There was also a copper alloy drinking horn, thought to be Scandinavian in origin. Other grave goods included a sword, an axe, a sickle (found mostly in Scotland), a whetstone (probably Norwegian), flint strike-a-lights and two teeth—molars from only identified human remains. Hundreds of metal rivets that once held the vessel together, some with wood shards, were also discovered.
The Viking's teeth. (Credit: Antiquity Publications Ltd, 2017)
An isotopic analysis of the teeth (the lower left first and second molars) revealed further information. The individual likely lived on, or close to, the coast, as indicated by an increase in consumption of marine proteins between the ages of 3 and 5. While marine protein was rarely consumed by humans in Britain, it was popular in Viking-era Norway. Further analysis of the teeth narrowed down the place of origin to eastern Ireland, northeastern mainland Scotland, Norway or Sweden.
The weapons included in the burial point to a warrior status and the artifacts and their internment infer high status, but the gender cannot be confirmed. While it is likely a male burial, some of the goods, such as the sickle, are more commonly associated with females. Current Viking's scholarship points to a number (albeit smaller) of female warriors, as well as the discoveries and excavations of female boat burials.
Some of the artifacts recovered from the burial site (clockwise from the top left): broad-bladed axe, shield boss, ringed pin and the hammer and tongs (Credit: Pieta Greaves/AOC Archaeology).
While there is still more to learn from this rare burial site, an important finding was revealed in the variety of grave goods from multiple geographic locations: The growing relationship between Scotland and the Viking world at that time.
Poland and Lithuania in 1526, before the Union of Lublin
The Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1569
Act of Union of Lublin in 1569
The Union of Lublin (Polish: unia lubelska; Lithuanian: Liublino unija) was signed on 1 July 1569, in Lublin, Poland, and created a single state, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It replaced the personal union of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania with a real union and an elective monarchy, since Sigismund II Augustus, the last of the Jagiellons, remained childless after three marriages. In addition, the autonomy of Royal Prussia was largely abandoned. The Duchy of Livonia, tied to Lithuania in real union since the Union of Grodno (1566), became a Polish–Lithuanian condominium.[1]
The Commonwealth was ruled by a single elected monarch who carried out the duties of King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, and governed with a common Senate and parliament (the Sejm). The Union was an evolutionary stage in the Polish–Lithuanian alliance and personal union, necessitated also by Lithuania's dangerous position in wars with Russia.[2][3][4]
Constituting a crucial event in the history of several nations, the Union of Lublin has been viewed quite differently by many historians. Sometimes identified as the moment at which the szlachta (including Lithuanians/Ruthenians) rose to the height of their power, establishing a democracy of noblemen as opposed to absolute monarchy. Some historians concentrate on its positive aspects, emphasizing its peaceful, voluntary creation, inclusive character and its role in spreading of economical welfare and good laws; others see there a possible cause of social and political instability that led to the Partitions of Poland about 200 years later. Some Lithuanian historians are more critical of the Union, concluding it was an effect of domination by Polish nobles.
History [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
There were long discussions before signing the union treaty. Lithuanian magnates were afraid of losing much of their powers, since the union would make their legal status equal to that of the much more numerous Polish lower nobility. Lithuania had been increasingly on the losing side of the Muscovite-Lithuanian Wars, however, and by the second half of the 16th century, it faced the threat of total defeat in the Livonian war and incorporation into Russia. The Polish nobility (the szlachta), on the other hand, were reluctant to offer help to Lithuania without receiving anything in exchange. Nevertheless, the Polish and Lithuanian elites strengthened personal bonds and had opportunities to plan their united futures during increased military cooperation in the 1560s.[5] Sigismund II Augustus, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, seeing the threat to Lithuania and eventually to Poland, pressed for the union, gradually gaining more followers until he felt enough support to evict landowners forcibly who opposed the transition of territory from Lithuania to Poland.[6] A clear motivation for Sigismund was that he was the last Jagiello and had no children or brothers who could inherit the throne. Therefore, the Union was an attempt to preserve the continuity of his dynasty's work since the personal (but not constitutional) union of Poland and Lithuania at the marriage of Jadwiga of Poland and Wladyslaw II Jagiello. The Union was one of the constitutional changes required to establish a formal elected monarchy, which would simultaneously reign over both domains.[6]
Sejm of 1569 [ edit ]
The Sejm met in January 1569, near the Polish town of Lublin, but did not reach an agreement. One of the points of contention was the right of Poles to settle and own land in the Grand Duchy. After most of the Lithuanian delegation under the leadership of Vilnius Voivodeship's Mikołaj "Rudy" Radziwiłł left Lublin on 1 March, the king announced the incorporation into the Crown of Podlachia, Volhynia and the Kiev palatinate (on 6 June), with wide approval from the local gentry.[7][8] Bratslav and eastern Podolia were also transferred to Poland. Those historic lands of Rus' are over half of modern Ukraine and were then a substantial portion of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania's territory. The Rus' nobles there were eager to capitalise on the economic and political opportunities offered by the Polish sphere, and by and large, they wanted their lands to become a part of the Polish Crown.[9]
The Lithuanians were forced to return to the Sejm under the leadership of Jan Hieronimowicz Chodkiewicz (father of Jan Karol Chodkiewicz) and to continue negotiations, using slightly different tactics from those of Radziwiłł. Though the Polish szlachta wanted full incorporation of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania into the Crown, the Lithuanians continued to oppose that and agreed only to a federal state. On 28 June 1569, the last objections were overcome, and on 4 July, an act was accordingly signed by the king at Lublin Castle.[7]
Attempts at modernisation [ edit ]
The Union of Lublin was superseded by the Constitution of 3 May 1791, under which the federal Commonwealth was to be transformed into a unitary state by King Stanisław August Poniatowski. The status of semi-federal state was restored by the Reciprocal Guarantee of Two Nations. The constitution was not fully implemented, however, and the Commonwealth was ended with the Partitions of Poland in 1795.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Cultural [ edit ]
After the Union, the Lithuanian nobles had the same formal rights as the Polish to rule the lands and subjects under their control. However, political advancement in the Catholic-dominated Commonwealth was a different matter.
By the late 15th century, the Polish language was already making rapid inroads among the Lithuanian and Rus' elites.[7] The Lublin Union accelerated the process of Polonization. In culture and social life, both the Polish language and Catholicism became dominant for the Ruthenian nobility, most of whom were initially Ruthenian-speaking and Eastern Orthodox by religion. However the commoners, especially the peasants, continued to speak their own languages and after the Union of Brest converted to Eastern Catholicism.
This eventually created a significant rift between the lower social classes and the nobility in the Lithuanian and Ruthenian areas of the Commonwealth.[9] Some Ruthenian magnates resisted Polonization (like the Ostrogskis) by adhering to Orthodox Christianity, giving generously to the Ruthenian Orthodox Churches and to the Ruthenian schools. However, the pressure of Polonization was harder to resist with each subsequent generation and eventually almost all of the Ruthenian nobility was Polonized.
The Cossack uprisings and foreign interventions led to the partitions of the Commonwealth by Russia, Prussia and Austria in 1772, 1793, and 1795. The Union of Lublin was also temporarily inactive while the Union of Kėdainiai was in effect.
Many historians like Krzysztof Rak consider the Union of Lublin to have created a state similar to the present-day European Union,[10] thus considering the Union (along with the Kalmar Union, the several Acts of Union in the British Isles and other similar treaties) to be a predecessor of the Maastricht treaty. The former, however, created a state of countries more deeply linked than the present-day European Union.
Economic [ edit ]
The union brought about the Polish colonization of Ruthenian lands and increasing enserfment of Ruthenian peasantry by the szlachta.[11][12][13][14] Although the conditions for peasants in the Commonwealth was quite dire, compared to the West (see second serfdom), the peasants in the Commonwealth had more freedom than those in Russia; hence peasants (as well as to a lesser extent nobility and merchants) escaping from Russia to the Commonwealth became a major concern for the Russian government, and was one of the factors ultimately leading to the partitions of Poland.[15]
A common coin, the złoty, was introduced.
Execution of crown lands was not extended to the Grand Duchy.
Geographical [ edit ]
The Union created one of the largest and most populous states in 17th-century Europe (excluding the states not completely in Europe, i.e. the Russian and Ottoman Empires).[16]
Within the Union, Lithuania accepted the loss of Podlaskie, Volhynia, Podolia and the Kiev regions, former territories of the Grand Duchy that were transferred to the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland.
Legal [ edit ]
The Statutes of Lithuania declared the laws of the Union that conflicted with them to be unconstitutional. The First Statute of Lithuania was also used in the territories of Lithuania that were annexed by Poland shortly before the Union of Lublin (except for Podlaskie). These conflicts between statutory schemes in Lithuania and Poland persisted for many years, and the Third Statute of Lithuania remained in force in territories of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania even after partitions, until 1840.
Attempts to limit the power of Lithuanian magnates (especially the Sapieha family) and unify the laws of the Commonwealth led to the koekwacja praw movement, culminating in the koekwacja reforms of the Election Sejm of 1697 (May–June), confirmed in the General Sejm of 1698 (April) in the document Porządek sądzenia spraw w Trybunale Wielkiego Księstwa Litewskego.[17]
Military [ edit ]
Poland provided military aid in the wars after the union of the two entities, which was crucial for the survival of the Grand Duchy.[3] Poland and the Grand Duchy were to have separate military but common defense policies.
Political [ edit ]
The Union of Lublin provided for merger of the two states, though each retained substantial autonomy, with their own army, treasury, laws and administration.[8] Though the countries were in theory equal, the larger Poland became the dominant partner. Due to population differences, Polish deputies outnumbered Lithuanians in the Sejm by 3:1.[8]
There was to be a single ruler for both Poland and the Grand Duchy, freely elected by the nobility of both nations, and crowned as King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania in Wawel Cathedral, Kraków.
A common parliament, the Sejm, held its sessions in Warsaw; it had 114 deputies from the Polish lands and 48 from Lithuania. The Senate had 113 Polish and 27 Lithuanian senators.
Poland and the Grand Duchy were to have a common foreign policy.
Legacy [ edit ]
Memory of the union lasted long. Painting commemorating Polish–Lithuanian union; circa 1861. The motto reads "Eternal union."
The Union of Lublin was Sigismund's greatest achievement and his greatest failure. Although it created one of the largest states in contemporary Europe, one that endured for over 200 years,[18] Sigismund failed to push through the reforms that would have established a workable political system. He hoped to strengthen the monarchy with the support of the lesser nobility, and to balance the power of lesser nobility and magnates. However, while all the nobility in the Commonwealth was in theory equal under the law, the political power of the magnates was not weakened significantly, and in the end they could too often bribe or coerce their lesser brethren.[7] In addition, the royal power continued to wane, and while the neighbouring states continued to evolve into strong, centralized absolute monarchies, the Commonwealth slid with its Golden Liberty into a political anarchy that eventually cost it its very existence.[19]
Today's Republic of Poland considers itself a successor to the Commonwealth,[20] whereas the pre-World War II Republic of Lithuania saw the creation of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth mostly in a negative light.[21]
The original act document was included in the UNESCO Memory of the World Register in 2017.[22]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
When Donald Trump said Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton founded ISIS, the media became hyperliteral and pretended to be confused about his points.
Back in February, candidates for the Republican nomination for president debated each other in South Carolina. The Saturday evening discussion was raucous. Donald Trump did something downright shocking for a debate a few days before an important Republican primary. He went after the country's last Republican president, George W. Bush. Hard. He went after the Republican Party's general foreign policy approach. Hard.
Moderator John Dickerson asked him about his 2008 comments in favor of impeaching George W. Bush. He had said that year that Bush had “lied” to get the United States into a war in Iraq. Trump said to Dickerson:
Obviously, the war in Iraq was a big, fat mistake. All right? … The war in Iraq, we spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, we don't even have it. Iran has taken over Iraq with the second-largest oil reserves in the world. Obviously, it was a mistake. George Bush made a mistake. We can make mistakes. But that one was a beauty. We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East. … I want to tell you. They lied. They said there were weapons of mass destruction, there were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass destruction.
Jeb Bush attempted to defend his brother's honor, saying, “And while Donald Trump was building a reality TV show, my brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe. And I'm proud of what he did.”
Trump said, “The World Trade Center came down during your brother's reign, remember that… That's not keeping us safe.”
And on it went. Yes, many in the crowd booed. Yes, many Republicans opposed his conspiracy theories about George W. Bush. The media were able to report Trump's challenges to Republican foreign policy without weighing in on the veracity of his claims. The most interesting thing of all? Trump easily won the South Carolina primary a week later with 33 percent of the vote.
Compare that little vignette with this week, when Donald Trump repeatedly said that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were founders/co-founders/MVPs of ISIS. Even though the media had more than shot their outrage wad for the week, the media doubled, tripled, even quadrupled down on their outrage for the Wednesday night-Thursday news cycle. Here are six problems with the media's complete meltdown over the remarks.
1) Why Did This Become an Issue Now and Not 7 Months Ago?
Republicans who oppose Trump claim the media encouraged Trump when he was setting fire to Republican opponents but have fought him tooth and nail in the general. Ammunition for that claim includes the distinct ways the media have reacted to his long-standing claim that Obama and Clinton founded ISIS.
As the Washington Examiner notes, Trump said this three times in January alone:
‘They've created ISIS. Hillary Clinton created ISIS with Obama,' he said during a campaign rally in Mississippi.
Trump restated the claim in an interview on CBS in July. ‘Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies,' he said. ‘She is responsible for ISIS.'
He said it again during a rally in Florida one month later. ‘It was Hillary Clinton – she should take an award from them as the founder of ISIS.'
Needless to say, the media response to these comments was more bemused enabling than the abject horror they reserved for this week. The full media meltdown over something Trump has been saying all year long is at best odd and unbecoming. At worst, it suggests deep media corruption.
2) Hyperliteralism
Listen, Trump might be an effective communicator with his core audience, but others have trouble understanding him. His speaking style couldn't be more removed from the anodyne and cautious political rhetoric of our era. This can be a challenge for political journalists in particular. His sentences run on into paragraphs. He avoids specificity or contradicts himself when he doesn't. His sentences trail into other sentences before they finish. He doesn't play the usual games that the media are used to. It's frustrating.
So the media immediately decided Trump was claiming that Obama had literally incorporated ISIS a few years back. And they treated this literal claim as a fact that needed to be debunked.
ISIS was actually founded by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. #factcheck
Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) August 11, 2016
Politifact gave the claim one of their vaunted “pants on fire” rulings:
The “fact” “check” admits that both President Barack Obama's leadership in Iraq and Hillary Clinton's push to change regimes in Libya led to the explosion of ISIS but says that since Trump said he really, totally, no-joke meant Obama and Clinton were co-founders, that they must give him a Pants On Fire rating.
Even ABC News had a piece headlined, “Obama Is Not the ‘Founder' of ISIS – These Guys Are.” Nobody can be this stupid, not even our media.
As for the CNN chyron which appears to be deployed never in the case of Hillary Clinton's many serious troubles with truth-telling, or when Joe Biden told black voters that Republicans were going to “put y'all back in chains,” but repeatedly in the case of Donald Trump speaking hyperbolically, this tweet is worth considering:
Do the media engage in this kind of autistic literalism when examining the comments of anyone but Trump? pic.twitter.com/NX3C3pMKm1
Robert Mariani (@robert_mariani) August 11, 2016
3) Failure to Do Due Diligence
On Thursday morning, Trump did a radio interview with Hugh Hewitt. The media clipped one part of his answer and used it to push a narrative that Donald Trump was super serial about Obama literally going to Baghdad, attending organizational meetings, and holding bake sales to launch his new organization ISIS.
HEWITT: I think you meant Obama created the vacuum that led to ISIS.
TRUMP: "No, I meant he's the founder of ISIS." pic.twitter.com/EMMlDXogl6
Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) August 11, 2016
Kapur's tweet went viral but so did about eleventy billion other reporter tweets making the same point. The Guardian headline was “Trump reiterates he literally believes Barack Obama is the ‘founder of Isis'.”
You really need to listen to the interview to get the full flavor of how unjournalistic this narrative is.
Yes, Trump does reiterate over and over that Obama is the founder of ISIS. And yes, he says he really meant to say Obama founded ISIS. But that's definitely not all. How hard is it to listen for an additional minute or read an additional few words? The relevant portion of the interview is from 15:25 to 16:53. So this is not a huge investment of your time.
First off, let's note for our hyperliteral media that Trump says “I'm a person that doesn't like insulting people” a few seconds before Hewitt ask about the ISIS comments. (Fact check: Pants on fire, amiright?) In this minute and a half, Trump says “I meant he's the founder of ISIS. I do. He was the most valuable player. I give him the most valuable player award. I give her, too, by the way, Hillary Clinton.” Hewitt pushes back, saying that Obama is trying to kill ISIS. Trump says:
DT: I don't care. He was the founder. His, the way he got out of Iraq was that that was the founding of ISIS, okay?
Here, journalists and pundits, is your first slap across the face that maybe, just maybe, Trump is not talking about articles of incorporation but, rather, something else entirely.
Hewitt says, yeah, but the way you're saying it is opening you up to criticism. Was it a mistake? Trump says not at all. Obama is ISIS's most valuable player. Then Trump asks Hewitt if he doesn't like the way he's phrasing all this! And here's where journalists might want to put on their thinking caps and pay attention. Hewitt says he'd say that Obama and Hillary lost the peace and created a vacuum for ISIS, but he wouldn't say they created it:
HH: I don't. I think I would say they created, they lost the peace. They created the Libyan vacuum, they created the vacuum into which ISIS came, but they didn't create ISIS. That's what I would say.
DT: Well, I disagree.
HH: All right, that's okay.
DT: I mean, with his bad policies, that's why ISIS came about.
HH: That's…
DT: If he had done things properly, you wouldn't have had ISIS.
HH: That's true.
DT: Therefore, he was the founder of ISIS.
HH: And that's, I'd just use different language to communicate it, but let me close with this, because I know I'm keeping you long, and Hope's going to kill me.
DT: But they wouldn't talk about your language, and they do talk about my language, right?
Now, this is undoubtedly true. When people critique Obama's policies as Hewitt did, the media either call the critic racist or ignore him. When Trump critiques Obama's policies, they do talk about the way he does it. Maybe this means the message gets through to people.
No matter what, though, the media should have stuck through all 90 seconds of the discussion to avoid the idiotic claim that Trump was saying Obama was literally on the ground in Iraq running ISIS' operations. He flat-out admits he's speaking hyperbolically to force the media to cover it.
4) Pretending This Rhetoric Is Abnormal
People accuse their political opponents of being responsible for bad things all the time. Clinton accused Trump of being ISIS' top recruiter. Bush's CIA and NSA chief said Trump was a “recruiting sergeant” for ISIS. Former NYC mayor Rudy Guiliani said Hillary Clinton could be considered a founding member of ISIS. Here was Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-MA, just a few weeks ago, making a completely false claim of Republican's literal ties to ISIS:
.@ChrisMurphyCT said it right: The @SenateGOP have decided to sell weapons to ISIS.
Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) June 20, 2016
Carly Fiorina and Rick Santorum placed blame for ISIS on Obama and Clinton. Sen. John McCain said Obama was “directly responsible” for the Orlando ISIS attack due to his failure to deal with the terror group. President Obama said he couldn't think of a more potent recruiting tool for ISIS than Republican rhetoric in support of prioritizing help for Christians who had been targeted by the group. Last year, Vanity Fair published a piece blaming George W. Bush for ISIS. Heck, so did President Obama.
There are many other examples. This type of rhetoric may not be exemplary, but we shouldn't pretend it's unique to Trump.
5) Missing Actual Problems with His Comments
Huge kudos to BuzzFeed's Andrew Kaczynski for avoiding the feigned outrage/fainting couch in favor of an important critique of Trump's comments. He didn't pretend to be confused by what Trump was saying. By avoiding that silliness, he noticed something much more problematic with Trump's comments.
Trump has cited the conservative critique of President Obama's Iraq policy — that the withdrawal of troops in 2011 led to a power vacuum that allowed ISIS to flourish — in making the claim.
‘He was the founder of ISIS, absolutely,' Trump said on CNBC on Thursday. ‘The way he removed our troops — you shouldn't have gone in. I was against the war in Iraq. Totally against it.' (Trump was not against the war as he has repeatedly claimed.) ‘The way he got out of Iraq was that that was the founding of ISIS, OK?' Trump later said.
But lost in Trump's immediate comments is that, for years, he pushed passionately and forcefully for the same immediate troop withdrawal from Iraq. In interview after interview in the later 2000s, Trump said American forces should be removed from Iraq.
Read the whole (brief) thing. One of the Trump quotes in the piece specifically has him acknowledging the civil unrest in Iraq that led to ISIS flourishing. It's a devastating critique and a far smarter one than the silly hysteria on display elsewhere.
6) We're Still Not Talking about Widespread Dissatisfaction with Our Foreign Policy
Let's think back to the opening vignette. Trump went into the South in the middle of the Republican primary and ostentatiously micturated over George W. Bush's Iraq policy. The voters of South Carolina rewarded him with a victory.
Here's the real scandal in this outrage-du-jour: by pretending to think that Trump was claiming Obama had operational control over ISIS' day-to-day decision making, the media failed to cover widespread dissatisfaction with this country's foreign policy, whether it's coming from George W. Bush or Barack Obama.
Many Americans are rather sick of this country's way of fighting wars, where enemies receive decades of nation-building instead of crushing defeats, and where threats are pooh-poohed or poorly managed instead of actually dealt with.
Trump may be an uneven and erratic communicator who is unable to force that discussion in a way that a more traditional candidate might, but the media shouldn't have to be forced into it. Crowds are cheering Trump's hard statements about Obama and Clinton's policies in the Middle East because they are sick and tired of losing men, women, treasure and time with impotent, misguided, aimless efforts there.
The vast majority of Americans supported invading Iraq, even if many of them deny they supported it now. Americans have lost confidence in both Republican and Democratic foreign policy approaches. No amount of media hysteria will hide that reality.
AFTER Donald Trump was elected president, Maple Match, an online dating app which connects Canadians and Americans, was inundated with people signing up. The app promised to make it easy for Americans to find a Canadian partner to save them from the “unfathomable horror” of a Trump presidency. Joe Goldman, the app's Texas-based founder, says it has taken on the perceived ethos of Canada: welcoming, open and tolerant. “We're building bridges when people are talking about building walls and our users like that.”
TrumpSingles.com is forging connections, too. Its founder, David Goss, wants to make it easier for Trump supporters to find each other. The site's earliest users were in Los Angeles, New York and Philadelphia, which are Democratic strongholds. Now its users are in every state. They are also signing up from abroad, including in Britain and in Russia. Mr Goss and his team personally approve each of the site's 26,000 users to weed out trolls. The site was able to increase its monthly fee from $4.95 to $19.95 in December following Mr Trump's election victory. It enjoyed a bump in users even after the price increase. Mr Goss is expecting to hear from Mr Trump, since he is making money from his name.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Online giants such as Match.com, Bumble and Tinder cater for absolutely everyone. That has left lots of room for “niche” providers: there are dating sites for every lifestyle, including ones for vegans, Disney fans and farmers. Entrepreneurs now see opportunity in ideological matchmaking. People used to avoid talking about politics on dates, but political preferences have become a romantic deal-breaker on a par with smoking habits. According to “Singles in America”, a report from Match.com, people who bring up political leanings and agree on them during the first date have a 91% chance of getting to a second. Some sites go well beyond party allegiances and dig deep into each user's policy preferences. CandiDate, a non-partisan dating site, asks its members where they stand on issues ranging from the Keystone XL pipeline to Obamacare.
Making money is difficult, however. It is hard for new businesses to charge subscription fees while building brand awareness. ConservativesOnly (whose tagline is “Because liberals just don't get it”) temporarily suspended its fees during the election cycle to try and drive traffic. Some instead rely on targeted advertising. To be successful, niche dating sites need critical mass and a mobile platform,” says Mark Brooks of Courtland Brooks, an online-dating consultant.
Not every site will survive this political cycle. Building a business around a failed candidate can be particularly tricky. BernieSingles, which brought together fans of Bernie Sanders, a presidential hopeful, is itself on a break. It hopes to rebrand itself as a site for progressive singles, and relaunch in April. Many would be sorry to see the back of its memorable catchphrase: “the 1% are not the only ones getting screwed this election season.”
If this is it for Tim Duncan in the NBA playoffs, he won't get to go for 60 in a meaningless game like Kobe Bryant did. It will just be over
The San Antonio Spurs are now just one game away from being eliminated in the second round of the NBA playoffs. But Tim Duncan already looks finished.
For years basketball fans debated when Duncan's abilities would slip and he would fall from his place among the best in the game. The discussion ultimately was deemed futile. Year after year, on through his mid-30s and nearing 40, Duncan remained excellent. His minutes were reduced as a precaution, but his impact when on the court was as great as ever. The debate was was decided and shelved: The Big Fundamental would never decline. And so we went back to focusing on and celebrating flashier, more exciting players. Duncan would always be around, like death, taxes and Gregg Popovich glaring at reporters.
NBA MVP Stephen Curry isn't a 'system player' – he is the system Read more
Duncan's style of play, personality and consistency made it easy to ignore him over the past 19 years, tucked away in San Antonio. Then every postseason the accolades would flow his way as he raised his level of play and reminded us that he was the greatest power forward to ever play the game.
Last year during the regular reason, Duncan played just 28 minutes a game and averaged 13.9 points and 9.1 rebounds per game, well off his career averages. But his defense remained top-notch and in San Antonio's seven-game defeat to the Clippers in the playoffs, the numbers jumped to 35 minutes, 17.9 points and 11.1 rebounds – including a big 27 and 11 performance in Game 7. Clearly Duncan was the same player he ever was.
So it was assumed we'd see the usual legendary Duncan reemerge in this postseason. Sure, his regular season numbers were career lows across the board in minutes, points and rebounds, but it's Tim Duncan. He'd flip a switch and become a dominant double-double machine in the playoffs just like always, even though he's now two weeks past age 40.
It hasn't happened. Duncan is playing only 20 minutes a game in the postseason, even less than he did in the regular season, and he's averaging an eye-popping (in the wrong way) four and four per night – what he typically put up in a quarter before this spring. In Game 5, Duncan scored zero points and didn't attempt a shot in 12 minutes. Game 5 wasn't much better with five points on one-of-six shooting in 28 minutes. He's still contributing on the defensive end, but it's shocking to see The Big Fundamental reduced to a Big, Role-Playing Stiff. One of the greatest players ever is now just one of the players.
Duncan didn't speak to reporters after Game 5. It's been assumed all year – outside of the Oklahoma City locker room, at least – that the Western Conference final would be Warriors-Spurs, but with San Antonio down 3-2, the reality is that Duncan may have played his final game ever in San Antonio on Tuesday night.
No one gets a farewell game in the postseason. If this is it for Duncan, he won't get to go for 60 (fundamentally-sound post moves) in a meaningless game like Kobe Bryant did. It will just be over, the focus of fans on the rise of Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant and the Thunder, and Duncan will walk away, mostly ignored. The same as always.
Video of the week
What else could it be but Steph Curry's insane overtime performance in Game 4 against Portland?
andré (@carIisIe) Come for the show of pure wizardry, stay for the billionaire struggling to process misfortune. https://t.co/vQwmSrVvQR
Trail Blazers owner Paul Allen has an estimated wealth of $17bn. But Steph Curry is worth far more.
Quote of the week
Of course cake is not bread. Is this why Americans are fat? You confused cake with bread? - Steven Adams, Thunder center, on the issue of obesity in America
One of the great stories of this postseason has been the emergence of Steven Adams and Steven Adams' personality. He is a giant, mustachioed quote machine. No sports league can get enough of those.
ESPN (@espn) Seven feet of not giving a crap: The untold story & hunger of Thunder center Steven Adams: https://t.co/tA8fRUsDeK pic.twitter.com/5RiVaIxyrH
And now he's weighing in on important questions like cake and bread. Next we must ask him if a hot dog eaten on a bun made of cake is a sandwich or a dessert.
How did LeBron carry the Cavaliers this week?
He didn't, as hard as it is to believe. LeBron hit a big shot in Game 4 with 39.2 seconds left to close out the Hawks, and played very well throughout the series, but it was the Hawks. The Cavaliers could have won the series without him. In fact, in Game 3 the Cavs were trailing by nine points in the fourth quarter with LeBron on the bench and Kyrie Irving and Channing Frye led a run that brought them back. “These two guys definitely carried us tonight and it was special,” LeBron said after the game about the comeback duo. LeBron has to love it when he can see more than his own footprints in the sand.
Power rankings
1) Golden State Warriors (1) The Warriors were looking vulnerable and then Steph Curry's 17-point overtime returned the NBA to normalcy (and probably crushed a lot of hopes and dreams in San Antonio and Cleveland). After the game, Steve Kerr relayed a story about how Golden State's offense runs when Curry is feeling it: “When Steph would have a game like this last year, [then assistant coach] Alvin Gentry would say ‘I've got two plays for you: Steph gets the ball and get the ball Steph.' In Alvin's honor, that's what we ran in overtime.”
Gentry went 30-52 as head coach of the Pelicans, in no small part because his two signature plays don't work away from Golden State. Pray for Luke Walton, basketball fans.
2) Cleveland Cavaliers (2) Back on 24 March, the Cavaliers lost by nine points to the awful Brooklyn Nets. After the game, head coach Tyronn Lue pulled Kevin Love aside and reminded him that the Cavaliers are more than LeBron and Irving. “You're a bad motherfucker, too,” said Lue. “Play like it.” Love then closed the regular season by averaging nearly 19 and 10 and has improved that to 19 and 12 in the postseason. Tyronn Lue: master motivator. Just not around kids.
3) Oklahoma City Thunder (4) Russell Westbrook dominated down the stretch in Game 5 to give OKC a chance to close out the Spurs at home. Let's take a moment to remember again that Mark Cuban is an idiot.
4) San Antonio Spurs (3) The Spurs could get eliminated or they could turn it around and advance. There's really no downside for a basketball fan with no rooting interest. If they lose, we get to see an angry Gregg Popovich. If they win, we get to see Gregg Popovich condescend to all the media that wrote the Spurs off. Win or lose, the fans win.
5) Miami Heat (5) While it seems that even Tim Duncan can age and decline, surely Dwyane Wade will last forever. At the very least, he'll need to last for two more games if the Heat are going to advance.
6) Toronto Raptors (6) The Raptors are tied 2-2 against the Heat with two home games still left in The North despite Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan shooting a combined 51-for-145 (35%) in the series so far. If they can catch fire, Toronto has a great chance to advance. If they can't, put some large, protective nets around the CN Tower. Drake might be launching himself off of it.
7) Portland Trail Blazers (8) Down 3-1 to a Warriors team that is now featuring a healthy Steph Curry, the Trail Blazers look done. But don't take some guy on the internet's word for it, listen to Draymond Green. He was asked after Game 4 if he thought Portland is finished and said: “Do I think they're done? Of course I think they're done. If I don't think they're done, I don't know who else is going to think it.” Draymond Green: good basketball player, but maybe a better analyst. And now, like the Blazers, this column is done.
Russia has warned Denmark that its Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline might bypass Danish waters, after a new law that increased uncertainty on permits.
A spokesman for the Russian project told the country's state news agency Tass on Friday (1 December) that "due to the ongoing changes in the legislation and political disputes Nord Stream 2 decided to study alternative routes beyond the territorial waters of Denmark to reduce potential risks".
The spokesman added that, for now, "we continue working according to our [original] plan and the request we filed and we are watching how the situation is developing".
The spokesman also said that the project's backers - Russian gas company Gazprom and five energy firms from EU states - "required rule of law" to be upheld in Denmark in order to invest there.
The warning came after Danish MPs passed a law on Thursday that allowed the foreign ministry to forbid construction if the pipeline harmed Danish strategic or security interests.
Previous rules said the Danish energy and climate ministry could only block it on environmental grounds.
"Denmark is completely right to have concerns about Nord Stream 2, a Russian political project, a danger to European security, and a reversal of all the EU's good work on energy security," Anders Fogh Rasmussen, a former Danish PM and ex-Nato head who now works as a consultant for Ukraine, said.
The new law enters into force on 1 January, but is to cover Nord Stream 2's application because the environment ministry has not yet issued its decision.
The pipeline is to run through Finnish and Swedish economic zones and through Danish territorial waters south of the island of Bornholm in the Baltic Sea to Germany.
If Russia moved the route north of the island into international waters it would see Danish port firms on Bornholm lose hundreds of millions of euros in potential income.
Denmark was one of several EU states which asked the European Commission, earlier this year, to negotiate details of the project with Russia.
It said at the time that it would be hard for individual member states to stand in its way if the EU did not get involved.
The Finnish economic affairs ministry and the Swedish enterprise and innovation ministry are to issue their permit decisions later this year or in early 2018.
The European Commission is concerned that Nord Stream 2 would harm EU energy security by concentrating 80 percent of Russian gas exports in a single route.
It has also proposed a new law designed to stop Gazprom from using its monopoly on the pipeline to bully EU clients.
Germany has a veto on letting the commission negotiate with Russia, however.
Germany and other EU friends of Nord Stream 2 - Austria, France, the Netherlands, and the UK - could also derail the proposed law.
US sanctions
The Russian project faces opposition further afield.
Heather Nauert, a US State Department spokeswoman, said on Thursday: "It would pose security risks in an already tense Baltic Sea region".
She as said it would "significantly increase Europe's vulnerability to a supply disruption" in EU states such as Poland.
The US earlier this year threatened to impose fines on EU firms that invested in the pipeline.
Speaking to press on Wednesday, John McCarrick, a senior US diplomat, said Nord Stream 2 construction "is not something we are going to assume is going to happen."
Meanwhile, Russia is ploughing ahead with the project, which is to be completed by 2019.
The spokesman for the Nord Stream 2 consortium told Tass on Friday it had already signed €4.5 billion of contracts with 600 construction companies from 23 countries.
In the 1940s, The Adventures of Superman was a radio sensation. Kids across the country huddled around their sets as the Man of Steel leapt off the page and over the airwaves. Although Superman had been fighting crime in print since 1938, the weekly audio episodes fleshed out his storyline even further. It was on the radio that Superman first faced kryptonite, met Daily Planet reporter Jimmy Olsen, and became associated with “truth, justice, and the American way.” So, it's no wonder that when a young writer and activist named Stetson Kennedy decided to expose the secrets of the Ku Klux Klan, he looked to a certain superhero for inspiration.
In the post-World War II era, the Klan experienced a huge resurgence. Its membership was skyrocketing, and its political influence was increasing, so Kennedy went undercover to infiltrate the group. By regularly attending meetings, he became privy to the organization's secrets. But when he took the information to local authorities, they had little interest in using it. The Klan had become so powerful and intimidating that police were hesitant to build a case against them.
Struggling to make use of his findings, Kennedy approached the writers of the Superman radio serial. It was perfect timing. With the war over and the Nazis no longer a threat, the producers were looking for a new villain for Superman to fight. The KKK was a great fit for the role.
In a 16-episode series titled “Clan of the Fiery Cross,” the writers pitted the Man of Steel against the men in white hoods.
As the storyline progressed, the shows exposed many of the KKK's most guarded secrets. By revealing everything from code words to rituals, the program completely stripped the Klan of its mystique. Within two weeks of the broadcast, KKK recruitment was down to zero. And by 1948, people were showing up to Klan rallies just to mock them.
This piece originally appeared last year in mental_floss magazine, in an article titled “Comic Superheroes Who Made a Real-World Difference.”
At his best, Chris Davis has been one of Major League Baseball's best power hitters, with 141 homers since the start of the 2012 season, including 53 in his breakout year of 2013. The Orioles have been hanging in the American League playoff race in recent weeks, and he has been carrying them -- he has 11 homers and a 1.142 OPS since the second half began -- including a crucial homer Monday night.
At his best, Davis has been as much of a game-changer as any left-handed power hitter not named Bryce Harper. He is a good first baseman with a unique ability to throw the ball well, and he also has a reputation for being a really good teammate and a caring person.
At his worst, Davis has been nothing short of awful. In 2014, he batted .196, an average that seemed to magnify all of the strikeouts that he typically generates -- 681 K's over the past four seasons, and counting. He can go through weeks as a perpetual rally-killer.
Just west of the stub ending of the 710 Freeway in Pasadena, construction is underway for a luxury residential development from ETCO Homes.
The project, which is known as the Villas & Terraces at the Ambassador Gardens, consists of multiple low rise buildings at the southwest corner of Green Street and St. John Avenue.
The Villas, located at the front of the property along Green, will feature 18 three-story residences featuring three- and four-bedroom floor plans up to 3,717 square feet in size. Sales prices start in the $2 millions.
Immediately south, the Terraces will offer 60 single-level residences and tri-level townhouses. Plans call for three- and four-bedroom floor plans, maxing out at 4,430 square feet in size. Sales prices also being in the $2 millions.
Completion is anticipated in 2018.
ETCO Homes recently wrapped up a for-sale development in Del Rey, and is planning a nine-story project in Little Tokyo.
But advancing Putin's interests and greatly benefiting his government proved very difficult for Ketchum, not because he was evil and trying to destroy America, but because he and his liaisons to Ketchum were stubborn and Ketchum's advice fell on deaf ears. In the end, one of the Americans working in Moscow on the project quit and told me he was going to go lobby on behalf of the insurance industry in the States. This was at the height of the fierce battles over Obamacare in Obama's first term, but he joked that it would be a vacation after trying to get the Putin government to take his advice seriously. (By 2015, Putin dumped Ketchum, his spokesman citing a wave of anti-Russian “hysteria” after the Russian invasion of Ukraine.)
That Ketchum rep had discovered what he and Ketchum—and Manafort—had been all along to the Russians: fancy window dressing meant to signal to the West that the Russians were legit and on par with the countries of the West. It was the analogue of buying a Chanel purse or a Tesla to signal one's arrival in a certain segment in society. And Ketchum and Manafort weren't alone in this. White-shoe British and American law firms, and auditing companies like Price Waterhouse Coopers, were also providing window dressing, and behind those windows were absurd levels of corruption. PwC, for instance, spent years signing off on audits of TransNeft, a state-controlled oil transport company, while it was allegedly funneling tens of millions of dollars to members of the Russian analogue of the Secret Service under the guise of corporate charity projects. (PwC has denied wrongdoing.) One Western lawyer I knew in Moscow who was working for a white-shoe Western law firm privately railed at the projects the law firm was doing for Russian banks and friends of Putin, who boosted their financial credentials by doing things like putting six quarters in one fiscal year. Other Western companies got caught up in this, too. In 2010, Daimler Chrysler was charged by the SEC for global bribery, including paying kickbacks to the Kremlin in exchange for supplying its garages with black Mercedes. (They eventually settled.)
All of this is to say that if Manafort's contract did indeed “greatly benefit the Putin Government,” it was nothing out of the ordinary. The problem isn't that he might have done the work for Putin. The problem is that the ordinary when it comes to Westerners doing business with the Russians—as well as other non-democratic governments—is a murky universe, where American actors are not always on the right side of the law and Western ideas of morality. The problem is that Manafort was running a campaign that hammered Clinton and her family foundation for doing much of what Manafort himself had done for decades, and that he was arguably as corrupt as his candidate said Clinton was. The problem is that the government in question had, according to 17 U.S. intelligence agencies, been actively hacking the Clinton campaign and aiding the Trump one. The problem is that Manafort and the Trump administration have repeatedly lied about Manafort's work. There would've been a problem had they come clean early on—it's not a good look for a populist, drain-the-swamp, America First candidate—but the problem is so much bigger now that the lies are now compounded, magnified by the truth. And this is classic Trump: dissemble and deny as long as you can, and even after you can. And it's classic Manafort: It's not clear how much he did to “greatly benefit the Putin Government,” but he certainly did no favors for the Trump Government.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Former FBI director James B. Comey is expected to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee next Thursday at 10 a.m., the committee announced Thursday.
Comey's appearance before the committee has been in the works for some time, but an exact date and time had not previously been set. The committee said Comey would testify in a public setting starting at 10 a.m. June 8, and a closed session would follow beginning at 1 p.m.
The hearing is sure to be explosive. Last month, President Trump suddenly fired Comey amid an FBI investigation into whether the Trump campaign coordinated with the Kremlin to influence the 2016 election. While the Trump administration said the firing was over Comey's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation, the president has said the Russia probe was on his mind when he removed his FBI director — who is appointed to a 10-year term to avoid political influence.
[President Trump fires FBI Director Comey]
Comey will almost certainly not be able to discuss details of the ongoing investigation, which is now being led by a special counsel. He might, though, be able to talk about the details of his firing and other conversations he had with the president.
(Jenny Starrs,Julio Negron/The Washington Post)
Comey wrote in private notes that Trump asked him to shut down the FBI's probe into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, and he also kept notes on a conversation in which he alleged Trump asked him for an affirmation of loyalty, people familiar with the documents have said.
Comey has reached an understanding with the special counsel's office about what he can and cannot make public, people familiar with the matter have said.
Comey has a history of turning congressional testimony into must-watch TV: in 2007, he famously described to lawmakers of how he intervened in the hospital room of then-Attorney General John Ashcroft to stop, at least for a while, the approval of a National Security Agency surveillance program that he believed to be unlawful.
His appearance comes just as the special counsel's probe into Russian meddling in the election is heating up. In recent weeks and months, a grand jury has issued subpoenas to request records related to Flynn's businesses, and investigators are now scrutinizing Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law and a top White House adviser, for meetings he had with Russians in December.
Separately on Thursday, Sens. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) and Al Franken (D-Minn.) released letters they had sent to Comey asking him to investigate whether then Attorney General-nominee Jeff Sessions broke the law in telling Congress, wrongly, that he had not had communications with Russians during the campaign. In fact, Sessions had spoken twice to Russia's ambassador to the United States.
The senators said that since Comey's firing they had “been in communication with the FBI concerning a response to our letter,” and they expected to be briefed soon.
Karoun Demirjian contributed to this report.
Former Texas A&M student bans Muslims from her Arkansas gun range
https://www.facebook.com/janmorganhomepage https://www.facebook.com/janmorganhomepage Photo: Jan Morgan Photo: Jan Morgan Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Former Texas A&M students bans Muslims from her Arkansas gun range 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
In what is either a marketing ploy targeting hard-line conservatives or just a case of a local business owner standing up for her beliefs, Jan Morgan, a gun range owner in Hot Springs, Arkansas, has ignited social media with her announcement declaring her business a "Muslim Free Zone."
Morgan, who said she was instituting the ban in the name of public safety, studied political science and mass communication at Texas A&M, according to her Facebook page.
The gun range owner posted her reasoning for instituting the ban on her blog, which was originally reported by the Arkansas Times.
The post has since been removed from her site though her tweets on the subject are still published (see slideshow.)
Morgan cited Muslim involvement in the 2009 Nidal Hasan Fort Hood shooting, the Boston Marathon bombing, and even 9/11 as reasons for her concern, according to the Arkansas Times.
"This is more than enough loss of life on my home soil at the hands of Muslims to substantiate my position that Muslims can and will follow the directives in their Koran and kill here at home," Morgan wrote, according to the Arkansas Times.
Mediaite, an online media outlet, dug further into Morgan's social media history to reveal a 2011 Facebook post calling Islam "Clearly and Concisely Evil and Violent." In the post, Morgan cites numerous passages in the Quran that she says direct followers to commit violence.
Mediaite also credits Morgan with this "bit of logic" in her original blog post:
"Not all muslims (sic) are terrorists, but almost all terrorists in the world right now are muslim (sic). Since you can't determine by visual assessment, which ones will kill you and which ones will not, I am going to go with the line of thought that ANY HUMAN BEING who would either knowingly or unknowingly support a “religion” that commands the murder of all people who refuse to submit or convert to that religion, is not someone I want to know or do business with."
According to her blog, Morgan is an award-winning T.V. journalist tuned conservative activist, and has speaking engagements lined up across the U.S. at gun rallies and other conservative group meetings.
ceudaily@mysa.com
@chrisudaily
A prankster who took a lifebuoy from Wexford Bridge and tossed it into the Slaney did not amuse Judge Gerard Haughton with his antics.
A prankster who took a lifebuoy from Wexford Bridge and tossed it into the Slaney did not amuse Judge Gerard Haughton with his antics.
Daniel Eichorn of 53639 Konigswintr, Eudenback Elbingstr 7, Germany came before Wexford District Court to admit stealing the lifebuoy on March 12.
He was spotted removing the lifesaving ring, valued at €100, by members of the Wexford Marine Watch patrol who were on duty in the early hours of a Saturday morning
Through an interpreter, a sober Eichorn described what happened as a very silly idea and the court was told that he and his companion were drunk at the time.
They were due to return to Germany on March 19.
The judge allowed the benefit of the Probation Act after station bail money of €200 was retained as a donation to the RNLI lifeboat service.
However, he reminded the defendant that what occurred was a criminal offence: 'It is not funny. It is putting people's lives at risk.'
Wexford People
When Dorothy Barrera tried to have her husband's ashes buried at a cemetery in her rural Texas town, the cemetery refused. When she asked why, Barrera says, she was told “because he's a Mexican,” according to a civil complaint filed against the allegedly “whites only” cemetery.
Instead, Barrera was told she could “go up the road and bury him with the niggers and Mexicans,” by the Normanna Cemetery Association caretaker Jimmy Bradford, according to the complaint, which was filed Friday.
Normanna, about 80 miles south of San Antonio, has a population of 113 people, 55 of whom are Hispanic. There are two cemeteries in the town—the San Domingo and Del Bosque cemeteries—that fall under the Normanna Cemetery Association, the defendant in the case.
“It is widely known to Normanna residents that the San Domingo Cemetery is ‘whites-only,' and that the Del Bosque Cemetery is for Latinos and other non-Anglos. No Latinos are buried within the gates of the San Domingo Cemetery,” the complaint, filed in March, states.
The San Domingo Cemetery is more than 100 years old and initially was a private family cemetery. In 1977, it was turned over to the Normanna Cemetery Association for the use of “the people of Normanna,” according to the complaint. Barrera and her late husband, Pedro, lived in the town for 15 years.
“Post-mortem racial segregation in the 21st century is astounding,” said Thomas A. Saenz, President and General Counsel of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF), which helped bring the lawsuit. “This case demonstrates how regrettably deep the roots of anti-Latino prejudice are in this country and in Texas.”
The cemetery does have one grave with a Hispanic surname—that grave, dated 1910, is separated from the other graves by a chain-link fence, MALDEF said.
In March, the cemetery ultimately agreed to to allow the remains to be buried in the cemetery after intense criticism from local media—but Dorothy Barrera countered, saying the funeral caretaker showed up at her house with armed officers, intimidating her. Her husband's ashes were never buried in the cemetery.
Canary Wharf, 1983
In 1983, Canary Wharf was a very different place from today, as the aerial photo below illustrates (click for larger version).
The view is looking approximately north-east, with the Thames in the foreground and Poplar at the top of the picture. The three visible docks are the former West India Docks, which occupied the northern part of the Isle of Dogs.
Just above and to the left of the top dock are the warehouses now known as West India Quay, and home to the excellent and now free Museum of London in Docklands. At the end of that terrace is the old ledger building, now a Wetherspoon pub called the Ledger Building.
Within the docks, two wharves jut out into the West India Docks; the larger of the two was Canary Wharf.
The view below from yell.co.uk shows the staggering change in the course of a quarter of a century; the last large site which is as-yet unbuilt can be seen by the Thames in the foreground, just below the two-level Westferry Circus roundabout. This is the site of Riverside South, a mammoth development of new offices up to 236 metres high, owned by and planned for JP Morgan. The basement levels are under construction at the moment, although it is unclear as yet whether JPM will go through with the full build, given the financial pressures on the financial sector at the present time.
Advertisements
Jets legend Joe Klecko has encouraging news for Victor Cruz:
You'll be back as good as new.
Klecko, who overcame a patella tendon tear in 1982, was asked what he would tell Cruz, if the fallen Giant called him today for advice after suffering the same injury.
“Listen to your doctors, that's all, they're gonna know more than me,” Klecko told The Post. “But the thing about it is: You got no worries. No worries whatsoever.”
Klecko watched it all unfold on television.
“It kinda looked like it twisted when he turned around for the ball,” Klecko said. “I felt horrible for him. It's not too often that those things happen where there's absolutely nothing wrong with your knee. I'm betting he was playing through some pain there. It's rare that there's no inflammation in there at all and that happens. The patella tendon is the largest tendon in your body, you know? It goes to show you what kind of torque that kid puts on his legs. You see how he stops and moves. When he stops and changes direction, the torque on his legs is phenomenal, because he's so quick.
“It was a devastating thing to hear, but the one thing about it is, in a knee, there's no better injury, 'cause a tendon heals just like the bone. A bone heals the fastest because of blood flow. The tendon is the next to that to heal.
“So as far as his career and everything, he's just gotta put the time in to get it better.
“He's gonna be fine.”
Klecko tore his patella tendon in September 1982 in Foxborough and played in the playoffs after that season.
He was nowhere close to 100 percent, but he was Joe Klecko, one of the toughest players ever to wear an NFL uniform, and you never know when you will get to chase a Super Bowl.
“There were people out there whispering in my ear going, ‘Guys don't come back from that injury,' ” Klecko said. “I said, ‘What?' You know me, remember, I would never take that for an answer.”
Klecko was 100 percent by the 1983 training camp and made the Pro Bowl the next three seasons.
“That was back in 1982. Today, with the personal trainers, and all the attention they pay to rehab — I'd bet he's at full strength at everything he wants in January or February,” Klecko said.
“As long as there's no other damage to his knee — just his patella tendon? — as odd as this may sound when I say this — it's actually a good knee injury.”
Klecko flew home from Foxborough and was operated on that night at Lenox Hill Hospital.
“And actually, my right knee that I broke that patella tendon in, that's the only operation I've ever had on that knee and I'm 60 years old now — that knee is absolutely fine, 100 percent, no problem,” Klecko said.
“Respected prophet” Cindy Jacobs appeared on an episode of “It's Supernatural With Sid Roth” recently to discuss “what's next on God's prophetic calendar concerning America” in the coming year, where she prophesied that 2017 will see any liberal media outlet that attempts to persecute Christians “fall down” because their wealth will be given over to Christian “media revolutionaries.”
“The pressure that is going to be put on society is actually going to enrage Satan and so there is going to be this persecution” of Christians in America, she said. “If they continue to persecute the church and the singer who will stand up and not be ashamed and not be in political correctness, those networks, those media outlets are going to fall down.”
“The Lord is raising up an alternative voice that is media revolutionaries,” she continued. “These media revolutionaries are going to take away the wealth of these liberal networks that have dared touch the apple of God's eye. It's going to happen.”
For an updated version of this story, click here.
COSTA MESA — The head of a 26-year-old Costa Mesa man who was killed and dismembered was discovered about noon Saturday in brush at El Dorado Park in Long Beach, police said.
Authorities believe that Samuel Eliezer Herr was killed May 21 and his body dismembered.
Daniel Patrick Wozniak, 26, was arrested Wednesday night at a Huntington Beach restaurant and charged Friday with two felony counts of special circumstances murder over the deaths of Herr and Juri “Julie” Kibuishi, 23, of Irvine.
Kibuishi's body was found May 22 at Herr's apartment. Police initially suspected Herr in the killing, because he had disappeared.
Parts of Herr's dismembered body have been found at El Dorado Park and at Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base.
Members of the Costa Mesa Police Department, the Long Beach Police Department and the FBI continued conducting a search of El Dorado Park for more evidence, police said.
When Wozniak was arrested Wednesday night, he was only suspected as an accessory. Herr was still the suspect, said Det. Sgt. Ed Everett of Costa Mesa police. But after interviews with Wozniak and further investigation, police found Herr's body, and Wozniak became the suspect.
After Wozniak was transferred to the Orange County Jail on Thursday, he hurt himself, sustaining a head injury, Lt. Mark Manley said Saturday.
Costa Mesa police put out a version of events Friday. Around 1 p.m. on May 21, Wozniak and Herr drove to the Los Alamitos Joint Forces Training Base, where Wozniak shot and killed Herr at the base's theater facility to rob him, police said.
Wozniak then cut off Herr's head, left arm, and right hand, police said. Herr's torso was discovered Thursday in a seldom-used portion of the theater. Police said that Wozniak disposed of other body parts at El Dorado Park.
Wozniak then set up a meeting with Kibuishi at Herr's apartment by sending text messages from Herr's phone, police said.
Shortly after midnight, Kibuishi went to Herr's apartment at the Camden Martinique complex at 2855 Pinecreek Drive in Costa Mesa, where Wozniak met her, police said.
Inside the apartment, Wozniak shot her in the head with a shotgun, killing her, police said. He then removed some of her clothing to make it look like a sexual assault, police said.
On Saturday, Herr's father went to the apartment to check on him and found Kibuishi's body. Police discovered text messages that showed Kibuishi had gone to the apartment voluntarily and began looking for Herr.
They found that somebody was using his card to make ATM withdrawals in Long Beach. That led them to a 17-year-old boy, who told police he was making the withdrawals for Wozniak.
Noah David Buffett, 28, of Long Beach, and Wozniak's brother, Timothy Wozniak, were arrested on suspicion of accessory after the fact. They are suspected of helping dispose of evidence other than the body, Everett said.
The only known motive for the crime is financial gain, Everett said. Around $2,000 was withdrawn from Herr's account.
Wozniak was scheduled to get married this weekend, police said. He is currently being treated at Western Medical Center, prosecutors said.
A video of Wozniak surfaced Saturday showing a smiling and laughing man during apparent outtakes for a 2009 play he starred in (http://bit.ly/cFirFI) and a Facebook profile for a “Dan Wozniak” showed that he became friends on the social networking site with a “Julie Kibuishi” sometime between March 22 and April 5.
Wednesday morning, the day he was arrested, he was making jokes on a friend's Facebook profile. A friend wrote “No help cmon I need something to paint people!!!” and Wozniak replied “I suggest Santa Claus trapped in a snowstorm…come on…think about it!”
When Wozniak was arrested two weeks ago on another matter, he listed his profession as actor. He was the star of a recently completed production of “Nine” at Hunger Artists Theatre Company in Fullerton.
The OC Weekly raved, “Dan Wozniak's Guido is superb. Though his character should be an unlikable pig — he's self-obsessed, egotistical and a liar who uses women as checkers pieces —Wozniak somehow manages to make Guido eminently likeable and even sympathetic. … Wozniak captures the angst of a man staring into the abyss of his own being and seeing his own frailty.”
Police asked that anyone with additional information contact Everett at 714-754-5395 or Det. Jose Morales at 714-754-5637.
Contact the writer: jcassidy@ocregister.com or 714-704-3782
Bank Underground is a blog written by staff at the Bank of England. Our goal is to bring more of our thinking into the public domain and to showcase our analytical and research output. We hope to contribute to the wider debate on areas that are relevant to the Bank's work.
In 2015, the Bank's Strategic Plan called for a new publication giving insight into topical issues from a staff perspective rather than that of the MPC, FPC or PRA board. And so Bank Underground was born, with its name chosen by an internal vote from a shortlist compiled from ideas nominated by staff.
On Bank Underground, authors write in an individual capacity and there is no “house view”. Since our analysis feeds into the policy-making process, you can expect to find some posts here that broadly accord with the Bank's official views or provide further underpinning for them. But as there are diverse views held by those who work here, you can expect to read posts which differ from the Bank's official position, external consensus and even other contributors to the blog.
We aim to publish two or three posts a week and our content seeks to span the whole range of the Bank's analytical work- regulation, financial stability, monetary policy, macroeconomics, supervision, banknotes, markets, resolution and more besides.
Different posts will employ different styles and tools- techy statistical analysis, dipping into the Bank's archives, wonkish theoretical pieces, imagining future challenges, model simulations, big data and anything else we can think of. But whatever we write about, we aim to do it in a readable, engaging and accessible way.
The views and opinions expressed and material contained on this blog do not constitute financial or other professional advice and should not be relied upon as such, nor do they in any way represent the official views or policies of the Bank of England or the Prudential Regulation Authority. You should seek your own professional advice on any financial or professional matter. Neither the Bank of England or the Prudential Regulation Authority will be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business or loss of profits) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from any reliance you place on the views or opinions expressed on this blog.
If you want to get in touch, please email us at bankunderground@bankofengland.co.uk.
Nuclear power could become popular: Switkowski
Updated
Uranium explorers say the public could warm to the idea of nuclear power once the costs associated with carbon trading are released.
A report on the cost of climate change from economist Professor Ross Garnaut is expected to be made public today.
West Australian uranium explorers are hoping Australians will change their attitude to nuclear energy when the cost of an emissions trading scheme hits home.
The physicist and businessman who chaired the Howard Government's nuclear task force, Ziggy Switkowski, says nuclear power would reduce emissions.
"If fossil fuels are progressively seen to be unacceptable because of their emissions then the only alternative to fossil fuel for large scale production of electricity remains nuclear power," he said.
Mr Switkowski says other countries have made the most of reasonably priced nuclear power.
"I would assume that the recent trip that Prime Minister Rudd has made along with Minister Carr around the world would have exposed him to the changing opinions right around the world," he said.
"Countries are now supporting and in fact accelerating their own plans to introduce more nuclear power into their mix."
Topics: nuclear-issues, wa
First posted
You know what's artistically inspiring? The worst environmental disaster in US history, that's what. If you're Steven Meisel, shooting for Vogue Italia, that is. Um, what?
Advertisement
Kristen McMenamy stars in the dark, moody spread, and feathers and nets evoke animal life in peril. As Fast Company's Tyler Gray asks, "Who does this make you loathe more, BP or the fashion industry?"
Italian Vogue has a long history of stirring up controversy (and publicity) by weaving fashion shoots with social commentary: Topics like rehab and war become set pieces for designer heels and runway-ready makeup.
Advertisement
More than anything, the model in distress and the photographer have worked together to create a scene in which the viewer feels the urge to help — yet can do nothing — similar to watching the disaster unfold on television.
Advertisement
But is it, as Tyler Gray asserts, "too soon"? Is it ever appropriate to use a distressing catastrophe as a vehicle to shill luxury goods? Apparently one of the captions reads, "She keeps her skin golden thanks to Self Tan Face Bronzing Gel Tint (to wear alone or with foundation): it takes care of the skin, while giving it a hint of color."
Advertisement
At its best, fashion photography is art; a work exhibiting creativity, skill, imagination and the ability to evoke (or provoke) emotion.
But context is everything, and instead of being moved emotionally, the only actions that seem right in reaction to this inappropriate spread which aims to shock and awe are a wrinkling of the nose and a rolling of the eyes.
Oil Is the New Black [Fast Company]
State and local investigators looking into the personal finances and campaign accounts of freshman Rep. David Rivera (R-FL) are also looking into his relationship with a political consultant who has received $817,000 in fees from Rivera's campaigns or affiliated political committees since 2006, The Miami Herald reports.The consultant, Esther Nuhfer, is the same consultant who received $150,000 in the weeks before Election Day from the Miami-Dade Republican Party, but who never provided the party with detailed invoices of where the money went.
The Herald now reports that Rivera paid Nuhfer $250,000 — including $150,000 in “bonus” money — for a State Senate campaign that he ended up abandoning in order to run for Congress.
As was the case when TPM tried to ask Rivera about Nuhfer, the Herald had to address questions to an e-mail account for his campaign. While it was unclear to TPM who was writing the responses from the account, the Herald says responses came from Rivera himself:
In campaign reports, Nuhfer is described as a fundraising consultant. But in a written response to questions from The Herald, Rivera listed some 41 different functions Nuhfer performed for the Senate campaign, including: “general consulting,” “political consulting,” “collateral material development,” “coalitions building,” “consultant liaison,” and “travel coordination, school site outreach program, web-site development, GOP auxiliary organizations liaison, precinct analysis, et cetera.”
Rivera said the bonus payments to Nuhfer from his State Senate campaign were a “contractually-obligated expenditure for the campaign having successfully reached the fundraising bonus threshold,” but he did not provide a copy of his contract with Nuhfer to the Herald.
The Herald also details how close Nuhfer worked with Rivera when he was in Florida's House of Representatives:
During the legislative session, Nuhfer was a constant presence in Rivera's office: She often could be found sitting at or near his desk, using the telephone or typing on her laptop next to Rivera's legislative aide, Alina Garcia, who was Nuhfer's roommate in Tallahassee.
Nuhfer is no longer registered as a lobbyist in Florida, and the Herald reports that she has been spotted in Rivera's new DC office.
Read the rest here.
Imagine a country where a man with a ponytail could have it cut off by the cops, as could one with a mullet, or one whose hair was slathered in gel, fancifully spiked, or simply too long. Repeat offenders would face stiff fines, while their barber-accomplices would have their shops closed.
It may sound like paradise, especially if your own crazy-haired days are behind you. It's actually the Islamic Republic of Iran, whose cultural ministry has just unveiled (although that's perhaps not the most appropriate word in this context) a list of approved hairstyles in an attempt to free the country of "decadent" western cuts.
Jaleh Khodayar, who's in charge of the government- backed Modesty and Veil Festival, explains that the styles "are inspired by Iranians' complexion, culture and religion, and Islamic law".
It's not all good news for fans of the short back and sides, however: 1980s-style floppy fringes are acceptable, as are quiffs. And, worryingly, there seems to be a lamentable softening of Iran's hard line on goatees.
ICBC has launched a civil lawsuit against 46 people charged or convicted in the Stanley Cup riot, seeking damages for 77 vehicles damaged or destroyed.
Spokesman Adam Grossman said the insurance company paid out over half a million dollars in claims to clients whose vehicles were damaged or destroyed.
"We had vehicles that were overturned, windows that were smashed, damage as a result of being scratched, jumped on, hit with objects ... and a good proportion of those 77 vehicles had to be written off as well," said Grossman.
The provincially owned insurance company filed the notice of civil claim in B.C. Supreme Court on Friday, two years after the riot broke out in downtown Vancouver following the seventh game of the Stanley Cup final.
ICBC worked with Vancouver police in their investigation and the claim is only being filed now because of the complicated nature of the investigation, Grossman said.
"The investigation into the events that took place during the riot was extremely complex and we needed to take as much time to assess the situation," he said.
In the civil claim, ICBC is seeking general damages, special damages, aggravated damages, punitive damages, interest and costs. ICBC estimates the investigation has cost them more than $526,000.
"ICBC has a responsibility to protect our customers' premium dollars and is taking legal action to recover the costs of these acts of vandalism to ensure they are not passed on to our customers," said a statement released by the corporation.
The lawsuit also named Jane Doe and John Doe as defendants for any individuals that have all charges pending or are named at a later time, said the statement.
Police costs hit $2M
Vancouver police said on Friday that thus far the two-year-long investigation into the riot has cost the department $2 million for wages, analysts and forensic lab costs.
In addition, 80 of those charged or convicted are being monitored by Vancouver police to make sure they don't breach their bail conditions.
"It is disappointing to see that some alleged and convicted rioters have made legally binding promises in exchange for lighter sentences and they have chosen to ignore those promises by breaching their release conditions," said Sgt Randy Fincham, a spokesman for the Vancouver Police Department, on Friday morning.
In total, police have recommended 1,086 charges against 325 suspects, with charge recommendations against 25 more suspects expected to be made shortly.
Six full-time Crown prosecutors assisted by three staff administrators have approved 701 charges against 229 of those suspects, at a cost of $3 million.
More than 130 people have entered guilty pleas, and at least 66 people have been sentenced.
An additional $53,000 has been spent on legal services.
Halo Wars 2 takes place 28 years after the events of the first game, during the end of the war with the Covenant. An all-new military junta has risen, known as the Banished, led by a dangerous and intelligent Brute called Atriox. Microsoft, 343i and Creative Assembly are aiming to "reinvigorate" the classic RTS genre with Halo Wars 2. Can they deliver? Only time will tell.
The first Halo Wars was developed by Ensemble Studios, creators of the Age of Empires franchise. Ensemble closed its doors in 2009, shortly after Halo Wars was releases on Xbox 360. Halo Wars 2 is being co-developed between Halo stewards 343 Industries and Creative Assembly, known for the Total War games and more recently, Alien Isolation. Creative Assembly enjoys a 20-year history developing PC strategy games, and have been described as the obvious choice to partner up with 343i on Halo Wars 2. The first Halo Wars takes place 10 years before Halo: Combat Evolved, making it one of the earliest playable entries in the Halo mythos. It stars Captain Cutter, the commander of UNSC warship Spirit of Fire. The Sprit of Fire has its own Cortana-like Artificial Intelligence known as Serina, and sports a large army capable of deploying at a moment's notice. Captain Cutter and his crew battle Halo's central antagonistic faction, The Covenant, while also encountering the parasitic Flood. Without spoiling too much, as the events of Halo Wars 1 unfold, it ends with the remaining UNSC crew stranded in space.
In our interview with 343i's Dan Ayoub, he told us that a Halo Wars sequel had been at the top of their community most-wanted list for some time, and the studio decided that now was the time to deliver on that feedback. Halo Wars 2 will launch in February 2017, for Xbox One and Windows 10 Store. Game Modes Halo Wars 2, like many capable RTS titles, is comprised of various gameplay pillars that fans of the genre should find themselves familiar with. Halo Wars 2 takes on a three-pronged approached to gameplay modes, and these are split between Campaign, Multiplayer, and Blitz. Campaign Halo Wars 2's campaign, as noted, takes place 28 years after the original game, during the events of the present day timeline. Without giving too much away, Captain Cutter and his crew will take on Atriox's violent Banished Covenant remnants and battle for control of Installation 00, otherwise known as the Ark.
Despite its position in the timeline, Halo Wars 2 will be an entirely self-contained story. 343i's Dan Ayoub told us in our interview that the game assumes no prior knowledge of Halo or its external lore, and that the game will recap events of the last 28 years as Captain Cutter and his crew learn exactly what they're up against. To help the Spirit of Fire crew get back up to speed, 343i revealed that a brand new A.I. would be joining the crew in the form of Isabel, a logistics computer that serves as your primary source of information on Halo Wars 2's all-new enemy. As mentioned, the Spirit of Fire will face a surviving Covenant faction known as the Banished. They are led by Atriox, a member of the Jiralhanae (Brute) race. The Brutes are an ape-like species first introduced in Halo 2, known for their formidable strength and ridiculous endurance.
Atriox is an incredibly dangerous foe because he not only possesses incredible physical strength, he also excels as a military strategist. During Atriox's introduction, he easily defeats not one, but three Spartans in close quarters combat, while wielding a gigantic red gravity mace. We don't know a great deal about Atriox's motivations or what implications Halo Wars 2 could have for the story as a whole, but during our sessions at 343i in October, the studio said that Atriox is intended to be a major franchise villain — certainly not just a one-off for Halo Wars 2. Also, 343i hinted that Halo Wars 2 itself could have a big impact on the overall story of the series, so fans should be in for a treat. Gameplay-wise, Halo Wars 2 plays similarly to the first game. There are no gathering units, as the economy is generated right from your base or the occasional pickup found on the map. Halo Wars 2 introduces various new controls to give console players greater agency over gameplay, but it is also the first Halo Wars game to hit PC via the Windows 10 Store, with full keyboard and mouse support.
There will be many familiar units for players of the original Halo Wars, including Warthogs, Scorpion tanks and so on, but various new units will join the fray. I can confirm that Halo Wars 2 will not feature the Flood, but it's possible Promethean enemies will be involved in some capacity. We'll have to wait and see. Multiplayer Skirmish: This is your practice mode. Players will be able to fight against an array of A.I. with varying difficulty. You can also group up with friends to work on co-operative strategies for each game mode, or practice against one another. Strongholds: Strongholds is designed to offer more fast-paced gameplay with a hard 15-minute time limit. Two teams of three will battle over small bases scattered throughout the map called Strongholds. For each base you capture, your population cap increases, allowing you to grow and eventually overwhelm the enemy. The team with the most captured bases at the end of the game wins.
Domination: Domination in Halo Wars 2 is similar to that of the previous game, only with all the new additions and factions of the new game. Domination is a two-on-two game mode, where each team attempts to gain as much control of the map as possible, building up their army and bases as normal. Players will battle for specific capture points, depleting the enemy team's tickets. The first side to fall to zero is defeated. Deathmatch: Deathmatch is the classic RTS mode, where players are tasked with the construction of their bases, the loadout of their army, and ultimately, the destruction of the enemy player. Blitz
Blitz Mode is a unique cross between a MOBA's fast-paced, more personal action-strategy combat, a light RTS-style economy and a deck-building card game. In Blitz, players will begin earning cards that represent various characters and units from the Halo Wars universe. Across Blitz' two modes, players will be able to bring decks of up to 12 cards with one leader card, which defines the deck's role in combat. Leader cards provide passive bonuses, unique cards of their own, and can completely change the playstyle of your deck. You can select from one of four cards at any one time, and each time you spend a card, it is replaced with a random one from your deck. You can re-roll a card at any time, but doing so spends energy, which serves as the primary resource in Blitz. Energy spawns randomly on the map during play, and opposing teams must fight to recover it, making Blitz mode as much a game of energy management as it is countering and reactive strategic play.
Cards will be unlocked randomly through packs accrued throughout Halo Wars 2's various modes, and duplicate cards can be used to "level up" existing units, providing bonuses and progression. Players will always be matched based on skill and deck strength, so there shouldn't be any team imbalance during play. Blitz is split across both PvP and PvE modes, with more cards and new gameplay features to arrive in post-launch content. Firefight: Firefight is a Horde-like mode which allows either one or two players to fight together against waves of increasingly powerful enemies. Enemy waves spawn infinitely, and players will be awarded points and killstreak scores arcade-style, similarly to the Halo Spartan mobile games. Firefight presents interesting opportunities for players to make complementing decks. For example, one player could focus on support units, while another focuses on skirmishing gameplay. Versus: Blitz PvP takes place in Domination-style gameplay, with 1v1 and 2v2 game modes. Players will battle for control over three points on the map, paying careful attention to harvest energy while building up their score for each capture point held. The first team to hit the score cap wins. Blitz PvP games are designed to last anywhere between 8 and 12 minutes, accessible for players more accustomed to the first-person shooter Halo games, or players who want to practice RTS-style gameplay before tackling the core Multiplayer modes offered by the game.
Xbox Play Anywhere Halo Wars 2 is an Xbox Play Anywhere title, meaning that a single purchase will net you a license for both Xbox One and PC. Unlike Gears of War 4, however, Halo Wars 2 will feature zero cross-play between PC and Xbox One, even in its co-operative modes. The studio told us that the reason for this is the wide gulf between control schemes on Xbox One and PC and the fact that the games are balanced differently between versions to complement the diverging styles of play. Still, your unlocks, gameplay progression, Blitz decks, and achievements will roam between devices via the cloud, allowing you to pick up and play from anywhere. Note: Xbox Play Anywhere titles are only offered via the digital version of the game purchased from either the Windows 10 Store or the Xbox One Store. Editions If you're planning to pick up Halo Wars 2, you'll have to decide between the Standard and Ultimate editions of the game. The Standard Edition is just the base game and will cost around $59.99. The Ultimate Edition, at $79.99, is a little different. In addition to the base game, Halo Wars 2: Ultimate Edition also comes with four days worth of early access, the Halo Wars 2 season pass and a remastered version of the original Halo Wars. Halo Wars 2's season pass is slated to add a wealth of content to the game, including new cards for Blitz, new units for multiplayer and a significant expansion for the campaign which will progress the story.
The Ultimate Edition also adds Halo Wars: Definitive Edition, which at least for now, isn't planned for a standalone release. Halo Wars: Definitive Edition will also be an Xbox Play Anywhere title, available on both Xbox One and Windows 10, complete with cloud saves and achievements. I played Halo Wars: Definitive Edition, and was impressed by the effort put into its reimagining. 343i hasn't just done a resolution pass and called it a day, the UI has been updated, the game has new effects and visuals, and it's hitting PC with dedicated keyboard and mouse controls for the first time.
See Halo Wars 2: Standard Edition on the Xbox Store
See Halo Wars 2: Ultimate Edition on the Xbox Store Reinvigorating a genre Real-time strategy arguably saw its golden age in the 90s, where games like Command and Conquer, Age of Empires, and Starcraft reigned supreme in an era before 3D visuals. While titles like Starcraft II and Total War continue to make headlines, the RTS spotlight has arguably been diluted by the rise of DOTA clones like League of Legends and casual mobile strategy games like Clash of Clans. 343i and Creative Assembly have set themselves the lofty goal of reinvigorating the RTS genre, bringing it to a new generation on the back of one of the world's most popular franchises. Halo Wars wasn't perfect, but it was quite easily the most credible attempt to bring RTS to consoles, with intuitive controller schemes and accessible gameplay.
It is not easy for one bank to anger more people with one announcement than what Barclays did in the past 24 hours. In one fell swoop, the British bank infuriated shareholders after announcing dismal earnings (an adjusted Q4 profit of about 200 million pounds and a statutory profit of less than 100 million as investment banking income slumped 37% as income fell 9% to 10.7 billion due to a fall in fixed income, and it took further charges related to a cleanup of the banking industry in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis) which sent the share price sliding, it then pissed off UK workers and taxpayers after it announced it would hike investment bank bonuses by 13% despite the abovementioned profit slump, and finally it crushed 9% of its workforce, or 12,000 workers, who are set to prepare pink slips as the bank "streamlines."
Barclays said 820 senior roles would go, and half of those were cut at the investment bank in the last two weeks. It cut 7,650 jobs last year, including 1,400 in the investment bank, as part of a restructuring unveiled a year ago by Jenkins to cut 1.7 billion pounds of annual costs. There were 139,600 Barclays employees by the end of the year.
More from Reuters:
Stepping up efforts to cut costs, Barclays said up to 9 percent of employees could go, including 7,000 in Britain, where half of the affected staff had already been notified. The cuts are not concentrated in any single business area. Britain's third-biggest bank said it paid 2.4 billion pounds ($3.9 billion) in incentive awards last year after raising bonuses at the investment bank by 13 percent despite a slump in profits from the business. The average bonus across the investment bank's 26,200 staff was 60,100 pounds. The combination of lay-offs and fatter bonuses drew indignation from Britain's biggest labor union. "The culture change the bank promised will be less than skin deep if those at the top still hoover up obscene amounts of money while workers in call centers and branches struggle by on low wages and face the persistent pressure of job insecurity," said Ciaran Naidoo of Unite the Union.
Under fire, Barclay's new CEO Anthony Jenkins was forced to defend the bonus hike decision, saying the bank had to recruit the best staff to compete with global rivals and continued to have "constructive" talks with investors over pay. "We need to recruit people from Singapore to San Francisco. We need the best people in the bank to drive long-term sustainable returns for our shareholders," Jenkins told reporters on a conference call. "I understand that there will be some (people) who feel that this decision is the wrong one for Barclays. But it is the decision of the board and myself that this entirely is the right decision for the group and in the long-term interests of shareholders," he said.
Finally, it wouldn't be a bank if it didn't blame someone. Sure enough, as we predicted would happen in 2009 after the backlash against HFT and vacuum tubes became instituionalized, that someone is "technology":
Jenkins said banking was going through a "100-year transformation" as technology and cost pressures reshape the industry, and he was optimistic that Barclays was well set for a "pivotal" 2014.
Well, time to hire some algos then: we hear they are easy on the contract negotiations. Or, failing that, the bank can just appoint "a junior trader as interim head of its London spot foreign exchange desk, illustrating a thinning out of the ranks after a torrent of traders has departed or been suspended amid a global probe into alleged market manipulation."
And just like that, the E-trade babies - with zero non-ZIRP world experience - and their collocated toys, have literally taken over the banking asylum.
Formula 1 has announced the creation of a new body designed to ensure that the sport maintains its high standard of coming up with incredibly bad ideas.
The Terrible Ideas Team (TIT) will suggest new ways in which F1 can endlessly fiddle around with its own rules and structures to make the sport as needlessly contrived as possible.
‘F1 is currently at a crossroads,' admitted one high-ranking insider. ‘Yes, the engines sound shite, the artificially rubbish tyres are tedious, and we've had the new qualifying format debacle but somehow people keep with it. We've got to work harder to make this sport so unbelievably complicated and unsatisfying that you just want to hammer a spoon through your temple with a shoe.'
The job of TIT will be to suggest yet more excessively complicated rulings to bury Formula 1 under so much tedious fine detail that the average fan can feel the very life force draining from their soul as they make another joyless attempt to understand what the merry fuck is going on now.
‘If F1 has a problem it's that fans are put off because the whole sport is not brain fartingly complicated enough,' said one source. ‘What, you think people just want to see talented, interesting people competing in simple, exciting racing? That's not sport. You think football is just brilliant people trying to score goals or that tennis is just supreme athletes hitting a ball across a net? What? They are? Well it sounds like they seriously need a load of inelegant and contrived bollocks that adds nothing and stinks of desperation.'
Insiders say TIT will be formally announced at the Australian Grand Prix, then withdrawn and postponed until the middle of the season, then suddenly reintroduced for the first race, then maybe not, wait, hang on, does anyone know what's happening?
‘Formula 1 needs this new TIT,' said an FOM spokesman. ‘To go along with the one that already runs the sport.'
CINCINNATI -- Two men were killed and two other people were injured in a shooting early Saturday morning in South Cumminsville.
They were shot at a nightclub or after-hours business on Beekman Street at about 4 a.m., Cincinnati Police Officer John Leindecker said.
Bobbie Odneal III, 23, was found dead on a sidewalk when officers arrived.
Family photo of Bobbie Odneal III.
Sgt. Michael Bell said he was about 40 yards from where police believe the shooting occurred.
"It's a rather large scene. One of the deceased individuals was found outside, so we have a shooting scene inside with a deceased individual found outside the building," Bell said.
Rickey McGowan, 25, was found inside; he later died at University of Cincinnati Medical Center.
Rickey McGowan
Two other victims, a man and woman, were expected to recover. Police have not released their names.
Bell said police have no one in custody and no description of the shooter.
Beekman was closed between Dreman Avenue and Millvale Court for more than three hours.
Several other shootings were reported across Cincinnati later Saturday.
WCPO will update this story as more information becomes available.
When it comes to Marvel Comics films, Jessica Chastain is a flirt.
In an interview with MTVNews, the Interstellar actress teased a possible interest in 2018's Captain Marvel film as the titular character. Backing up rumors that Carol Danvers would appear as a non-powered civilian in Avengers: Age of Ultron, Chastain mentioned an offer from Marvel Studios that would require her to play a pedestrian version of a character first, before suiting up for said character's marquee alter ego in another film.
“I don't want to say too much – but there was one thing, there was a possibility in the future of the character becoming…,” Chastain hinted. “And I was like, ‘I understand that, but I want to do it now.” When MTV pursued the anecdote, asking if the conversation was in reference to a Captain Marvel role, Chastain became a little defensive, saying, “Listen, that's 2018. We don't know where we'll be, maybe I'll give up acting by then.”
Like MTV noted, it's almost a little too funny for Chastain to off-handedly know Captain Marvel's release date, especially since Marvel revealed it just six days ago. This isn't the first time that Chastain has played with fandom's hopes. She was originally slated to play Extremis inventor Maya Hansen in Iron Man 3, but couldn't due to a scheduling conflict. But Marvel was never far from her mind. Afterward, she told the press that she wanted another chance to star in a Marvel movie, and recently called out Marvel for not making a Black Widow solo film.
Check out Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx, available for $199.99 (plus tax) from Boost Mobile. This power-packed device is loaded with functionality and is a great option for customers looking for a smartphone upgrade.
Galaxy J7 Perx lets you easily watch and read on the large 5.5-inch HD display and capture clear photos and selfies even in low light. Designed with all the features you love, Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx keeps up with your busy life.
Boost Mobile Unlimited Gigs
Boost Mobile offers incredible value and flexible data options. The Unlimited Gigs plan includes:
Unlimited talk, text and optimized streaming videos, gaming and music.
Unlimited nationwide 4G LTE data for most everything else. 1
$50 a month for one line.
$30 a month for a second line, up to five total lines.
In addition to the Unlimited Gigs plan, Boost Mobile offers 2GB of 4G LTE high-speed data and unlimited talk, text and data for only $30 a month with Auto-Re-Boost.2 Customers looking for more high-speed data can add 1GB of 4G LTE data for $5 per month or 2GB of 4G LTE data for $10 per month.3 Multi-line plans are also available for families looking to save some money for an additional $30 a month per line.4
# # #
1 Video streams at up to 480p+ resolution, music at up to 500kbps, streaming cloud gaming at up to 2Mbps. Data deprioritization applies during congestion.
2 $35 without Auto Re-boost.
3 Data pack access ends after plan's applicable allowance reached or 30 days from purchase date. Actual speeds may vary.
4 Boosts has no annual service contracts; service is subject to terms and conditions. Plans include unlimited domestic talk, text, data (applicable high-speed monthly data allotment), 50 domestic voice roaming minutes (select devices) and 411 Directory Assistance calls (interactive voice services only). International services extra.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - It does not guarantee him re-election in November, but it is an advantage President Barack Obama is likely to carry into the fall: a broad base of supporters who have given him the symbolic vote of confidence with a donation of less than $200.
U.S. President Barack Obama discusses about the economy at Fire Station Number Five in Arlington, Virginia February 3, 2012. REUTERS/Larry Downing
Known as small donors, these people are personally invested in a candidate's march to becoming president, many ready to become active at the ground level as foot soldiers of the campaign.
Financial disclosures last week showed Obama's campaign in 2011 raised 60 percent of funds, or $58.5 million, from donors who gave less than $200.
The average listed donation to the Obama campaign in the last three months of the year was between $100 and $200, according to a Reuters analysis of the Federal Election Commission filings.
Campaigns are not required to list donors who gave less than $200 in total, but they have to list those who exceeded that amount even if it came in multiple smaller sums.
In 2008, such small donors helped sweep Obama into the White House, but pundits remain skeptical whether the president would be able to energize them this time around, with his popularity undermined by a long slog to U.S. economic recovery.
Republican candidates, unlike uncontested Obama, are caught up in a heated primary season, splitting the small donors among them.
The campaign of the Republican front-runner Mitt Romney in 2011 raised only 9 percent of its total funds, or $5.2 million, from donors who gave less than $200, FEC filings show. The average listed donation was between $900 and $1,000 in the fourth quarter of 2011, according to the Reuters analysis.
In the last three months of the year, Obama received four times as many donations as did Romney. The numbers included repeat contributions from the same people.
“This has the potential to be a strategic advantage for Obama,” said David Magleby, political scientist at Brigham Young University in Utah and campaign spending expert. “That kind of involvement conveys a more substantial psychological investment ... They have a sense of ownership of the campaign.”
(For a Reuters Insider report on 2011 fundraising, please see link.reuters.com/wyd46s)
KEEPING THEM ACTIVE
On April 4, 2011, the first day of the official launch of the campaign, the Obama 2012 team sent its first email to supporters, asking for donations. Their grassroots effort four years ago went down in political history books as the most organized digital attempt at rounding up supporters, and they are preparing to repeat it.
The Internet spawns a large chunk of small donors thanks to easy and quick access. A growing amount of the campaigning has been done online, targeting voters on Facebook and Twitter, and through Google, Youtube and online Hulu television ads.
Of some 300 people in Obama's Chicago campaign headquarters, the digital team is the largest, said one campaign official working there. The team includes video and graphics producers, advertising strategists and members interacting directly with voters. They work quietly on the margins, but their work has never stopped since the victory in November 2008.
The Romney team's digital chief Zac Moffatt told the Atlantic magazine last month that his team had 10 people and started the 2012 campaign from scratch, focusing first and foremost on the primaries and preparing to switch gears for the November 6 general election.
“Keeping the small-donor base active is a very important part of the strategic plan for any campaign ... Governor Romney hasn't had that luxury yet,” said Peter Pasi, a Republican digital fundraiser.
Small donors are “an important indication of strength and it's a hole that any Republican nominee is going to have to fill,” he said.
Moffatt did not respond to a Reuters request for an interview.
‘NEVER TOO EARLY'
In 2008, the Obama campaign received some 30 percent of donations in low-dollar amounts in the campaign to secure the Democratic Party nomination, according to the Campaign Finance Institute data.
Romney, who lost the Republican nomination that year to Senator John McCain, relied on small-donor contributions for about 8 percent of his fundraising, the data shows. For McCain, it was 21 percent.
Romney, a wealthy former private-equity executive, has faced criticism that he is detached from the voters struggling with the economic downturn and high unemployment.
Obama, who in 2008 garnered important backing from Wall Street, has sought to emphasize a populist message in his campaign.
Historically, the Democratic National Committee has lagged behind the Republican National Committee in appealing to the small-check donors as the RNC has mastered the direct mail and phone method. But in the past few years, the technology has transformed radically and Democratic candidates have outdone Republicans in adopting it in campaigning.
“Small dollar donors ... are our grassroots who back up their monetary support with phone calls and door knocks - they are our boots on the ground and we do everything we can to reach out to them,” RNC spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said in an email.
RNC is set to raise funds from many Americans who are disheartened with Washington and want to defeat Obama regardless of who becomes the Republican pick.
Romney would be positioned to take advantage of those RNC efforts and that population, but not until and unless he gets the nomination. Obama, in the meantime, can count on the DNC and the joint fund he has with the party, which predominantly attracted donations of more than $200.
But waiting for the general election to step up the appeal to the small donor could be risky. Campaign Finance Institute's Michael Malbin said that while a deep-pocketed campaign such as Romney's could pay organizers to match Obama's grassroots efforts, the proposition is expensive and inefficient.
“It's never too early to worry about how many donors you've got,” said Pasi. “By allowing people to participate in the process, you create an evangelist for your cause.”
August sort of snuck up on us today, didn't it? Hopefully it'll bring some milder weather than the hot, humid, and sticky situation that we all found ourselves in July. Not that I'm asking the weather gods to hurry up and bring the deep, dark winter where we have to dig our cars out of the snow and 80% of the city's attractive population effectively goes into hibernation, but I don't think anyone would be upset if August stayed between 70 and 85. (With a slight breeze, too. Thanks in advance.)
In Chicago, the beginning of August means one thing: Lollapalooza is this weekend! Lollapalooza is one of those events where there's a pronounced “It's a Great Day to be Alive!” vibe in the air. During the course of the days, this vibe perpetuates and exponentializes–everybody has extra pep in their steps and wide smiles on their faces. Personal problems and concerns temporarily fade away as one cannot help but revel in Right Here, Right Now.
Held in Grant Park, the festival is situated with a view of Lake Michigan on one side as the city skyline looms on the other. When it starts to get dark, the smell of good herbs wafts through the air as the city of Chicago lights up with the crowd.
While Lollapalooza is first and foremost a music festival (click here for the line-up), I have a confession to make: I'm equally–if not more–excited about the food. Unlike most major events where you get gouged with crappy burgers, hot dogs, and fries once you're inside, Lollapalooza brings in some of Chicago's best restaurants to serve their real food at comparatively reasonable prices.
From the lobster corn dog from Grahamwich to the grilled cheese stuffed pretzel from Goose Island to the organic mushrooms from River Valley Kitchens, there's lots of gluttony to be done once we get inside those gates.
If anybody knows anybody with extra tickets for Saturday, drop me a line!
Here's an extensive guide to the food that will be served at Lollapalooza this weekend. (Full disclosure: I left off places that I couldn't reach and couldn't easily deduce what they would be serving.)
Grahamwich – Serving lobster corn dogs and truffle pop corn.
Via Eater:
In the past, some restaurants have presented food that wasn't music-festival-crowd friendly. This year, [Grahamwich restaurateur Graham] Elliot again recommends to newcomers they do what they do best, but still keep it simple and make it accessible to the masses. “Our first year we did buffalo chicken with beer bubbles and blue cheese and sold five of them,” he said. “But then you deep fry lobster on a stick and you sell 15,000.”
The Australian Truffle - I, uh, guess they're serving truffles?
Via Lollapalooza Chow Town:
Chef Brunacci will be behind the stove at the Australian Truffle booth, guaranteed to be one of the most aromatic booths in this year's lineup…Frank and his wife Lillian are importers of some of the most expensive subterranean fungus in the world. These Australian truffles in particular are Perigord, the famous black truffle, and they come from the largest Trufferie in the southern hemisphere The Wine and Truffle Co in Manjimup, Western Australia.
Bacino's - Serving, amongst other slices, stuffed spinach pizza:
BJ's Market and Bakery – Serving sweet potato fries, chicken tenders, peach cobbler, and mustard fried catfish (pictured below).
Burrito Beach – Presumably serving the South Park incarnation of Jennifer Lopez's favorite dishes: tacos y burritos.
Chubby Weiners – Serving veggie hot dogs, signature fries and cheese fries, and the Chubby Dog – quarter pound hot dog custom-made for Chubby Weiners by Vienna Beef.
Do-Rite Donuts - My phone call went unanswered but is there's any chance that the people behind this beautiful box would let you down when you need them the most?
Edzo's Burger Shop – With ethically raised beef from Flagel Farm that will continue to be ground daily despite high festival volume, Edzo's is serving up classic cheeseburgers and fries as well as a ”Wisconsin” burger topped w/ Merkt's cheddar, ketchupeño, grilled onions, bacon, and pickled banana peppers and truffle fries topped w/ white truffle salt and parmesan cheese.
Here's a picture of the delicious bacon cheeseburger I ate at Edzo's last week:
Fresh Squeezed Best Lemonade – How big of an outrage would there be if this was anything other than exactly what it sounds like? Like, what if it was actually a nefarious orange juice stand seeking to capitalize on fresh squeezed lemonade's good reputation? Anyways, feel free to go back to scrolling through the pictures and skipping over my bad jokes.
Gibson's - Serving pulled pork, pulled chicken, and steak sandwiches.
Goose Island Brew Pub - Grilled chicken sandwich topped w/ bacon jam (reducing bacon, onions, brown sugar, coffee, and a little bit of beer until it's smoky and sweet), cheddar cheese, and sauteed beer onions; Falafel pita topped with cucumber/tzatziki slaw; and Sambal Chili (Vietnamese chili sauce); Grilled cheese stuffed pretzel, whose base is locally sourced from Kim & Scott's Pretzels:
Kamehachi – Serving edamame, teriyaki chicken rice rolls, and potstickers. (They were going to do sushi but were not permitted to.)
Kuma's Corner - In my humble opinion, this is the best way to food coma yourself. Home to the best burger in Chicago (although it's my third favorite to eat at behind Bad Apple and DMK Burger Bar), Kuma's usually sells three burgers at Lollapalooza. Their menu wasn't fully set yet when I called but they will at least be serving the Black Sabbath, a 10 oz. burger topped with Blackening Spice, Chili, Pepper Jack, Red Onion:
Lagniappe – The cajun-style restaurant will be serving barbecue pulled pork, cajun hot wings, catfish po boys, and a crawfish boil:
Lou Malnati's - Serving the quintessential Chicago deep dish slices.
MBurger – The Lettuce Entertain You burger joint is serving single cheeseburgers, double cheeseburgers, and french fries.
Original Rainbow Cone:
Peeled - Serving fresh juices and nut milks.
Robinson's No. 1 Ribs - Here's a picture of their really good boneless rib sandwich:
Smoke Daddy - Here's the pulled pork sandwich I got from Smoke Daddy at Do Division Festival:
Sweet Leaf Tea - Serving six iced tea flavors including Original, Mint & Honey, Peach, Citrus, Lemon and Raspberry.
Timothy O'Toole's Pub - Serving pulled pork sandwiches with Carolina BBQ sauce, buffalo wings with with Stone Arrogant Bastard Chipotle BBQ sauce, gourmet fries (sea salt or garlic parmesan), and beer battered fish tacos with Baja Slaw & Chipotle Aioli.
Windsor Ice Cream Shoppe - Cool down from the 90 degree temperature with the Windsor Roll:
Wow Bao – Hot Asian Buns - Serving Spicy Mongolian Beef, BBQ Pork, Teriyaki Chicken and Whole Wheat Edamame buns.
Lollapalooza also features a farmer's market with booths from Brunkow Cheese, Puffs of Doom, River Valley Kitchens, Rock ‘N Roll Noodle Company, Seedling, and Tiny Greens Organic Farm.
Can't wait! And, again, if for some reason you have an extra ticket for Saturday, drop me a line at @SportsRapport or email hidden; JavaScript is required !
There are people who see a crisis in every opportunity. And there are some who see an opportunity in every crisis. I'm among the latter.
A profound observation of the processes taking place in the Arab world should gladden the heart of anyone who favors freedom and justice in general, and every Jew in particular. It contains a kind of repeat broadcast of the Exodus from Egypt. But this time it's the Egyptians who are emerging from slavery into freedom. Almost without bloodshed, an entire nation rose up against the regime of torture, despotism and slavery. Every Jew should be pleased with a step that ends in a victory of justice and truth over oppression and lies.
An expression of this identification can be found in the wonderful words of Rabbi Samson Raphael Hirsch, one of the Jewish leaders in modern times. In Nahalat Hasar, his commentary on the Passover Haggadah, the rabbi expresses the blessing that must be recited when witnessing an event that ends in liberation from the yoke of enslavement: "All the free people in the world, all those who favor and fight for human rights, have all joined the blessing of the Israelites ... because at the time when the freedom of the Israelites was born, their freedom was born as well, because those who left Egypt restored to human beings the understanding that they had lost: that they all have one Father and they have equal rights ... From those who left Egypt they received the book that confirms every man's rights, that writes and signs about the freedom of man and the divine dignity of every being."
Prior to any political and opportunistic accounting, we should be aware of the magnitude of the change from the point of view of Jewish ethics. On the political plane, it's true that there was a great blessing in the peace agreement with Egypt. But at the same time we mustn't forget that it was a peace agreement contracted with an autocrat and dictator, and not a genuine peace based on common values of genuine familiarity and closeness and an honest and open relationship with the Egyptian people.
Moreover: As is true of tyrants, the Egyptian despot also used anti-Semitism as a shock absorber, in order to divert the oppositional criticism leveled at him toward the Jewish people and the State of Israel.
I saw it with my own eyes: Shortly before the Alexandria summit, in which leaders of the three religions convened for a conciliation meeting, I met with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. At the meeting I criticized him for the anti-Semitism that was flourishing in his country, but he made do with a statement that revealed his tactics: "I don't understand. The anti-Semites are my greatest opponents." He wanted so say that that is how they find release through expressions of hostility and hatred. They have two options: to hate us or to love us. And he probably prefers the former.
Surprisingly, Israeli governments also accepted this unacceptable policy. It reached a point of true absurdity, the essence of grotesqueness, when the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu promoted an avowed anti-Semite, who declared that all Jewish books should be burned, to the position of secretary general of Unesco.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
As a result of this cooperation, a barrier and a separation was created between Jews and Israelis on the one hand and the Egyptian people on the other. Now a real door has opened, and a worthy opportunity to make peace not only with the government, but with the Egyptian people and Egyptian society. It's true that we almost certainly will have to "pay" for that by making peace with the Palestinians too, but hasn't the time come to do so? We have an obligation to base the peace with the Muslim world on the many common values we share with the Muslims, values of justice and equality.
Not peace in the style of some members of the left, who promote it on the basis of hatred and separation from the Palestinians. "We are here and they are there" - such a peace perpetuates the hostility, and in the end even adds Knesset seats and popularity to supporters of right-wing politicians Rabbi Meir Kahane and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman.
On this plane interfaith peace is likely to make a decisive contribution. Quite a number of people watched the most recent uprising in Egypt with amazement; it revealed the fact that a vast majority of the Egyptian people are traditional. That doesn't mean that all its sons are suddenly turning out to be members of the sect of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, but it definitely says something about the important place of religion in their identity.
One of the major challenges facing this interfaith discourse is how to change religion from a means of revenge, a destructive and deadly sword, into a powerful lever for achieving and making peace. Religion is not the problem. It is likely to be the solution. Recent events have proven that profound religious faith can dwell together with a civil constitution and democratic pluralism.
The time has come to climb down from the ladder. All the crazies have to climb down from the roof of hatred and totalitarianism to the ground of reality, ground that is planted with values common to all those who believe in one God: freedom, justice and peace, tradition and ethics. Fertile ground from which a different Middle East can grow.
Rabbi Melchior, who served as a government minister, heads the Mosaica Center for Interreligious Cooperation.
Lupe Fiasco recently caught up with our very own News Presenter Rickie when he hit London and was overflowing with enthusiasm about his latest projects.
Alongside a "ridiculous" remix of his new single Paris, Tokyo, Lupe also told Rickie that a certain French electronic duo are remixing his new album: "Im remixing the album with Justice, Im gonna shout out to Justice".
Justice have had massive club hits with D.A.N.C.E and more recently DVNO.
That wasnt the only surprise The Coolest rapper dropped, he told Rickie that hes a massive UK music fan.
Lupes the latest album The Cool features British artist Unkle: "I worked with Unkle on a song called Hello, Goodbye and (they) introduced me to a lot of UK artists".
There was one artist in particular that stood out for the rapper: "They introduced me to Ian Brown through their music and his stuff is like crazy. Like his song F.E.A.R is easily one of my top two (favourite songs). Thriller, then F.E.A.R".
The recent Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) searches at the residence of NDTV chief Prannoy Roy in the national capital and in Dehradun for allegedly causing losses to a private bank have attracted varied responses from all sections of the society. However, senior journalists and other eminent citizens have unequivocally seen the raids as both direct and indirect attempts of the government to muzzle critical media.
Some of the reactions:
Intent of the Modi government is to have a docile press:
S. Nihal Singh,
Former editor of The Statesman
I do not have the full facts of the case. But as far as the present government is concerned, its policy is one of intimidation of the free press. That is clear in various ways.
The obvious intent of the Modi government is to have a docile press or media. It is speaking in various ways to put pressure or give inducements especially to television media, which is the most widespread in terms of influence.
This has been apparent for a while now. To me, the trend is clear. I have lived through the Emergency. The intent of the present government is the same as was during the Emergency but the instruments are different. During Emergency, the government used blunt instruments. Today, it uses various forms of influence and intimidation of the media.
I was editing The Statesman during the Emergency and I saw a section of the media kneel in front of the government. There were only a few of us who fought the Emergency. But I would still single out the Modi government for one reason. It is more efficient and more ruthless in its onslaught.
Government may come after every media house that is critical
Kuldip Nayar,
Veteran journalist and former high commissioner of India to UK
This [the raid] is sheer attack on freedom of press. Because NDTV has been asking uncomfortable questions, the government has used the CBI against it. Without declaring the Emergency, the government is creating the same kind of atmosphere. One by one, it may come after every media house which is critical. What they have done against NDTV is reprehensible and should be condemned by everybody.
What we are witnessing now is an undeclared Emergency
Om Thanvi
Former editor of Jansatta
I do not see the raids on NDTV as mere vindictive action but also a larger message that the government is trying to send across not only to Prannoy Roy but also the media as a whole. The government has been systematically destroying cultural institutions like the censor board, FTII, IGNCA etc. And now it is following the same policy against media.
Critical television media hurts this government the most as it reaches even the illiterate population. It has tactfully controlled the editorial content of many television channels and the corporates which support the government have already bought off many of these channels. And many have already fallen in line with the government.
It is actually scared of NDTV and many such media agencies, which can expose the government in its wrongdoings.
We must understand the government needs crony media houses to sell the government's PR-driven campaigns and showcase its achievements even when there are none. Even demonetisation was projected as a good measure when economists have panned it.
Channels such as NDTV did a critical appraisal of such government claims. And those who still practice this real journalistic exercise are being attacked now. The situation has become so bad that the BJP leaders have been openly threatening journalists who ask critical questions in press conferences.
People are saying that the CBI raids on NDTV happened only after Nidhi Razdan asked the BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra to leave the show. But it is not just one incident. Ravish Kumar had, on the third anniversary of the government, done a show, which he named ‘Sarkarutsav' (celebrations only by the government). This too sent wrong signals to the government.
There seems to be a pattern on how media houses are being attacked these days. Whenever there are allegations against the top leaders of the government, it says that law will take its own course. But at the same time, it shows urgency to use its agency to raid a respectable television channel on the basis of a private complaint. Where was this urgency when Narendra Modi and other BJP leaders were facing charges of corruption in the Sahara-Birla diaries?
The government has hit a new low – in fact the lowest of the low. Repression during Emergency was declared, what we are witnessing now is an undeclared Emergency, and probably more dangerous as the problem is structural.
T.N. Ninan,
Senior journalist and chairman and editorial director of Business Standard Private Limited
The CBI is in the dock and has to demonstrate it is acting legitimately.
‘Shutting Up NDTV'
Editorial in The Tribune
The “law” is a very convenient instrument. A clear message is being sent to the media fraternity: resist at your own cost. The government is relying on the frictions and feuds within the media community to drown out the voices of protest. It is an irony: no government has enjoyed so much unsolicited acclaim and support from the electronic media for so long as has the Modi sarkar these years, yet it will not countenance one channel not bowing sufficiently low in deference to the powers that be. A testing time ahead for one and all.
NDTV raids are part of a strategy of persecution
Indira Jaising
Renowned human rights lawyer
We live in the time of intimacy with persecution, for exercising our rights; we are in a sense prisoner of our conscience even though not behind bars. To speak up or not to speak up is a question constantly on our minds; this is the chilling effect of self-censorship. In times of fear, I cannot for a moment forget the speech made by Barack Obama, when campaigning for Hillary Clinton, he said, fear is the biggest enemy of democracy. He was urging all of us to speak up if we are to preserve democracy. It was that statement that made me understand what is happening in India now. Like many of your other contributors, I too lived through the emergency and my offices were raided by the CBI for representing dismissed railway workers which was organised by George Fernandes. Everyone knows that the railway worker strike was the proximate cause though not the underlying cause for the emergency of 1975. Raids by the CBI and emergency situations are linked in history and in my mind.
What we are seeing today, is a Super Emergency, because it is undeclared. We at the Lawyers Collective know what is persecution. Following our legal defence of the challenge to the discharge of Amit Shah, we received a show cause notice that our accounts under FCRA were not in order. Our registration was cancelled and our accounts were frozen. Let me be clear, it is not the denial of foreign funds that matters, it is the constant allegations which were made against us – that we represent anti-national terrorists such as Yakoob Memon, and hence we are also by association anti-nationals who need to have their FCRA cancelled. This is the meaning of persecution, using power for a tangential purpose, to silence a point of view. Whether or not your accounts are in order is not an issue, accounts after all can always be settled, it is the punishment, public punishment, for being who you are.
The raids on NDTV are also part of the strategy of persecution, elimination of all oppositional points of view is the motive for the raids.
I am reminded of the poem by Bertolt Brecht.
“First of all, they came to take the gypsies and I was happy because they pilfered. Then they came to take the Jews and I said nothing, because they were unpleasant to me. Then they came to take homosexuals, and I was relieved, because they were annoying me. Then they came to take the Communists, and I said nothing because I was not a Communist. One day they came to take me, and there was nobody left to protest. Bertold Brecht, inspired by Emil Gustav Friedrich Martin Niemöller”
They came for the opposition leaders, they came for students, they came for minorities, they came for NGOs, and now for the press. This is the reason why we must unite and protest the raids by the “caged parrot” on the press, not just on the promoters of NDTV.
Cologne is known as one of Germany's most open and tolerant. When the anti-Islam group Pegida staged a march here at this time last year, the city's iconic Gothic cathedral famously rejected their message by dimming its lights.
But a year later, the cathedral was the backdrop for a New Year's Eve mob that saw more than 120 women taunted and groped or robbed by men described as foreign in appearance – an incident that is testing the limits of German tolerance and could ultimately force the country to take new, uncomfortable stands on the migration crisis in Europe.
The events of New Year's Eve are murky. Only 30 suspects have been identified out of a reported crowd of 1,000 who police say surrounded women in smaller groups around the cathedral and main train station, sexually assaulting them throughout the evening. No official motive has been given, nor an explanation offered into how or even if the attacks were organized.
But police described the suspects as “Arab or North African,” and the government confirmed today that half of them so far are asylum seekers. That has ignited a charged debate about whether Germany, whose Chancellor Angela Merkel has been lauded for her moral leadership, can manage to accommodate the hundreds of thousands who have been let in.
Many Germans are now saying that the Cologne incident has crystallized the sense that the country must engage the consequences of the large and sudden flow of immigrants more directly, warts and all. They say that the confluence of failures – media that downplayed the evening's horror, police accused of covering it up, and a political culture that has not vigorously debated mass migration for fear of stoking the far-right – shows that Germany needs more honest assessments of the crisis.
“We are in a dilemma. We still want to welcome people,” says Holger Geissler, of the polling firm YouGov in Cologne, "but this is a very clear signal that we have to take the whole refugee situation more seriously than we have.”
'The police didn't do anything'
The police have so far faced the harshest spotlight, with police chief Wolfgang Albers being suspended today. Many are asking why they failed to stop the violence, only arresting a handful of suspects and leaving women feeling vulnerable.
Even worse, they did not initially report it. At 8:57 a.m. on Jan. 1, in fact, the police issued a statement saying that the evening was peaceful. Only as women started publicly reporting the incidents did they backtrack.
Later in the week, German media reported on internal police documents showing that cops knew asylum seekers were among suspects. Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger, a Cologne newspaper, quoted anonymous police sources who said the officer leading the investigation declined to mention it in his report fearing that it would be “politically awkward.”
But such positions are now under attack. The conservative daily Frankfurter Allgemeine wrote that “When such lawlessness takes over in ... Cologne's showcase place, then politicians, police and the courts can no longer look away.”
Leili Shabani, a recent refugee from Iran who was one of thousands in the crowd on New Year's Eve, agrees – even if the consequences directly affect her.
She was eager to join her husband and a group of friends, half of them new refugees, outside the cathedral. “It was my first New Year's Eve here, I wanted to see what it was like,” she says. But around 11 p.m., chaos ensued as men started swarming through the crowd, stealing firecrackers and setting them off, she says, and intimidating and terrifying women around her.
She shows an injury on her hand from a firecracker that hit her as she attempted to protect her three-year-old in a stroller. When, in her native Farsi, she asked the three men who crowded around her group what they were doing, she says they answered her in Arabic.
“The police didn't do anything,” she says. And while she fears the incident will darken the mood against refugees, she says it needs to be faced. “If I was German I would lose my trust in foreigners, too,” says Ms. Shabani.
Muted media and overwhelmed authorities
As Cologne's famed Carnival celebrations near next month, the police have announced plans for more surveillance and staff. "The police need to be in greater numbers in these areas,” says Alexander Bosch, a consultant for "hate crimes" and "police and human rights" at Amnesty International in Berlin.
An internal police memo obtained by the German press described a night in which perpetrators acted with impunity because the local police force simply couldn't handle them.
Peter Pauls, editor-in-chief of the Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger, has been documenting lawlessness in the plaza, including claims of sexual assault, for years. On New Year's Eve, one of his photographers had his equipment stolen at the station. “When he tried to gather the police, he was told to get in line,” says Mr. Pauls, who added that at the time, the photographer could still see the suspect with the equipment in his hand. “The police were clearly overwhelmed.”
The media have also come in for intense criticism.
After initially reporting that all had gone well, based on the first police report, the Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger covered the growing claims of a disturbing night. But Lutz Frühbrodt, a professor of journalism at Würzburg-Schweinfurt University, says the mainstream media ignored it for days. While some of that is government influence on the media, he also sees an innate media instinct that has its roots in the 1920s, when the press was condemned for not doing anything to counter the rise of Adolf Hitler.
“The major problem for many established media like the national dailies, the bigger regional papers, and public TV is that they struggle with a trade-off between social responsibility and independent, impartial reporting,” he says. “I think most of these media have had a bias toward social responsibility … preventing racism and promoting the German ‘welcome culture,' ” or Willkommenskultur.
The press has since acknowledged mistakes. The broadcaster ZDF publicly apologized for not including Cologne as a news item on its Monday night program, calling it a “misjudgment.”
A punitive position
Authorities have long been at pains to reassure the public that having more refugees does not mean more violence. But the conversation has changed, and Germany's overall approach to policing refugees might see some big changes in the wake of New Year's Eve.
Many politicians are now calling for tougher penalties against asylum seekers, including an easier vehicle for deportation. Mrs. Merkel seemed to be receptive to the idea this week. “We'll need to examine whether we've done everything that's needed in terms of expulsions from Germany, so we send a clear signal to those who aren't willing to obey our legal standards,” she said Thursday.
Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel, of the Social Democrats with whom Merkel governs in a coalition, reiterated that point today. "Why should German taxpayers pay to imprison foreign criminals?" Mr. Gabriel asked. "The threat of having to spend time behind bars in their home country is far more of a deterrent than a prison sentence in Germany."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
This dialogue places Germany in uncomfortable territory, says Joachim Kersten, a professor at the German Police University in Muenster. “This has hit the German nerve, the nerve of trying to be ‘good Germans,' ” he says. “In a situation where people behave like that … you have to apply laws of a democratic society. When things get that bad, you have to come to grips that we are now in position that we don't like: … to be punitive, to apply sanctions.”
But that could ultimately save the Willkommenskultur that was born in the volunteerism along the tracks in the Munich train station from withering on the steps of the station in Cologne.
When you read enough in the religion/science debates these days, especially when it comes to Christianity and evolution, you realize there are a whole pack of creationists who don't like other Christians embracing evolution.
They have a name for them. ‘Theistic Evolutionists'. And it's not meant as a compliment. It's more like being told you're the equivalent of Judas Iscariot.
Any religious person who accepts evolution, like physicist and author Karl Giberson, or like NIH Director Francis Collins, or for that matter the entire staff at BioLogos, must be labeled and considered no allies in creationists' fight to get creationism in one kind or another taught in public school science classes. They look at people like this as aiding and abetting ‘the enemy'.
For related reasons, the term has also caught on with some atheists who want to keep an arms length between themselves and fellow scientists who happen to be religious.
Richard Dawkins called the term ‘theistic evolution' an attempt to ‘smuggle God in by the back door,' and he had a point, according to Stacy A. Trasancos, who has a PhD in chemistry and is a Catholic with her own blog about religion and science.
You accept the science on its merits or you don't, she said. It doesn't matter whether you're religious, or not. But if you are, accepting what science has to tell should not be a problem.
“Think about it. If you are a believer, it is already implied that you see all biological and physical processes as created and held in existence by God. You do not need "theistic" in front of biological terms. Who speaks of theistic reproduction? Or theistic gestation, theistic meiosis, or theistic menstruation? Plus, to qualify a biological process as ‘theistic' implies that the opposite is possible, that God may not be involved in creating certain laws of nature.”
Brown University biologist and author Kenneth R. Miller states the term simply compromises the integrity of the science.
When I reached him by email, he said, “To me, and in the minds of most people who use the term, it implies that a god had to pre-ordain the outcome of the evolutionary process or at the very least guide it along to produce the world of today, including human beings his chosen creatures. I don't believe that at all. Evolution is a fully-independent natural process driven by chance and necessity.”
This has irked some of his non-religious colleagues in the field, who continue to suspect that, one way or another, religious biologists like himself are trying to ‘add' something supernatural to the mix. Miller flatly denies this.
“People like Jerry Coyne routinely accuse me of holding to the view that God intervened in the evolutionary process,” said Miller, “and it seems like no matter how many times I post on his blog that I believe exactly the opposite, he persists. That's one reason why I reject the label of theistic evolutionist at every opportunity I get.”
Like Trasancos, Miller said, the term makes absolutely no sense. “The very fact that so many feel obliged to attach a statement about religious faith to evolution implies that evolution itself is a religious process, or at least has a special religious significance that other fields of science do not have. I reject that premise.”
Now, what's interesting here is that Miller and Trasancos are both Catholics, and Catholic intellectual tradition has a longstanding interest in science and philosophy going back to Aristotle and the ancient Greeks. It's a tradition very different from evangelical Christianity, where the main opposition to teaching Darwin in public schools comes in the U.S.
Long before Darwin, for example, medieval scholastics entertained the notion that God could be viewed, to use one analogy, more as a CEO than an engineer. One scholar who's been all over this is Pasadena College philosophy professor Edward Feser, who regularly tangles with intelligent design creationists—and deconstructs their arguments on purely philosophical grounds.
This isn't to say there are not Catholic creationists. There certainly are, and they form a bizarre strain of the anti-science mentality all to themselves. But that's a different topic.
The main point is Christian scientists who accept evolution have a much broader understanding of God than—chief engineer. And ‘theistic evolution', as its summarized for example at Wikipedia, simply misrepresents their position.
Atheists have voiced many arguments for wondering how Christians can maintain belief in a benevolent deity in a world that features so much apparent waste and suffering ‘built in' to the program, as science has revealed.
But ‘theistic evolution' isn't one of their answers, at least not among the serious scientists I know who are theists. And it's well past its sell-by date.
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter. Subscribe to my Vimeo Channel.
A California woman is suing for wrongful termination after she was allegedly fired for uninstalling a location-tracking application required by her boss.
Myrna Arias, a former employee of money transfer company Intermex, was required to use job-management app Xora on her company-issued iPhone. Xora markets itself as a tool to help businesses streamline the schedules of field service employees, in part by monitoring their location and travel routes.
Attorneys for Arias said her boss admitted her location would be monitored outside of business hours and bragged that he knew the speed she was driving at specific moments as a result of the app.
“Plaintiff expressed that she had no problem with the app's GPS function during work hours, but she objected to the monitoring of her location during non-work hours and complained to [boss John] Stubits that this was an invasion of her privacy,” the lawsuit, filed May 5, stated.
“He confirmed that she was required to keep her phone's power on ‘24/7' to answer phone calls from clients. Stubits scolded Plaintiff when she de-installed the app in late April 2014 in order to protect her privacy.”
The lawsuit is seen by some experts as a harbinger of trends to come, as technology encourages the breaking down of barriers between professional and private life.
So-called workforce management software is growing in popularity in offices around the country, though it is unclear how many products enable 24-7 employee location monitoring.
The suit, filed in Kern County Superior Court, seeks damages in excess of $500,000.
Manchester United rolled over St Etienne in the Europa League Round of 32 first leg on Thursday evening, and one of the notable features of the game was the fact that Paul Pogba was playing against his brother Florentin, with their mother watching on in the crowd. The two Pogbas were enjoying each other's company in the tunnel before the game, laughing together and performing a secret handshake, and at half-time they were joking together walking down the tunnel.
We predicted that Roy Keane wouldn't be a fan of this, and we were right. Keano was calling the shots for ITV on their highlights show on Thursday night and his dry, cutting wit was fairly evident throughout his comments on Pogba. But notably he didn't completely stick the boot into the Frenchman completely, remarking (in, dare we say it, slightly Fergie-esque language) that "the boy Pogba, he seems like a bit of a free spirit".
Keano starts talking about the brothers' behaviour from about 1:10 in the video below.
Presenter: To be chatting behind their hands with each other (at half-time), did this bother you? Keane: Yeah. It does! But the boy Pogba, he seems like a bit of a free spirit, a bit of a character. I think it was a little bit over the top tonight, before the game, at half time. They've spoke to each other more tonight than I think I've spoken to any of my brothers in the last five years! So all a bit strange, and they're probably chatting as we speak after the game! I think when the game started, they were focussed on the game. All this stuff before and after the game, a lot of nonsense, but that's the modern player, I'm afraid.
Advertisement
Here's a video of Pogba and his brother before the match on Thursday, followed by a (completely random) video of how Roy Keane may prefer Pogba to conduct himself with opponents before a game in future.
Let's just get right to the facts, in vaguely chronological order:
1. Mets third baseman David Wright is an indisputably handsome dude. As such, women on the dating website CougarLife.com, which “pairs women in their prime with younger men and ends the double standard,” named Wright the “hottest Cub” in a user poll a few weeks ago. Wright is engaged, but he has drawn attention from women described as “cougars” in the past. Also, most likely, many other women — what with the whole handsome, super-friendly, talented athlete thing.
2. The Mets will host the 2013 Major League All-Star Game at Citi Field. Wright currently sits second in All-Star balloting behind Giants third baseman Pablo Sandoval, even though Sandoval is a) injured, b) not as good, and c) significantly less handsome, at least per the good women of CougarLife.com.
3. A Mets employee reached out to CougarLife.com via email to discuss the promotion of Wright's All-Star candidacy on the dating website. Deadspin has all the emails. After all, many of the women of CougarLife.com already voted for Wright in one online campaign, maybe they'd be kindly enough to vote for him in another.
4. At some point, a higher-ranking Mets employee caught wind of the team's fledgling relationship with CougarLife.com and (likely) said, “wait, what!? CougarLife.com? Are you serious, bro?”
5. The jilted people of CougarLife.com leaked the email chain to Deadspin because the whole interaction between the club and the dating site is funny and Deadspin is in the business of publishing funny things. Deadspin published the emails, and they are funny.
6. The Mets, in response to the news that Deadspin leaked the employee's emails to CougarLife.com, responded with a statement. It is also pretty funny:
Cougar Life voted David Wright as the hottest cub. In our effort to expand All-Star balloting to wider audiences, so as to increase votes, we did reach out to Cougar Life. Last year there was a big swing of votes at the end that cost David the starting job. We decided to do everything to make sure that doesn't happened again this year. We ultimately elected to pass. We thank whoever leaked this to Deadspin for increasing awareness of #VOTEWRIGHTNOW AT METS.COM.
7. There is no No. 7. That's the end of this sequence of events.
Ultimately, it's really a win for nearly every party involved. The Mets get the press they wanted for Wright's very deserved All-Star candidacy. CougarLife.com gets its web address plastered all over the Internet, drawing the attention of any self-described “cougars” and interested “young studs” who were not yet aware of the site's existence. Deadspin gets a funny story.
Everyone benefits except, perhaps, the employee who came up with the creative idea to promote Wright's candidacy in the first place, who probably got at least a stern talking-to for his efforts. And, of course, me, for I have just written a whole post about the Mets' brief and ill-fated relationship with CougarLife.com.
Viz Media is announcing on Wednesday that it will launch Neon Alley, a 24-hour anime service on a major game console to be revealed later. The service will debut this fall and will be available in the United States and Canada.
The service will show anime uncut, dubbed in English, and in HD when available. It will host the English dub premieres of Tiger & Bunny, Inuyasha: The Final Act, Zetman, Lagrange - The Flower of Rin-ne, and new episodes of Naruto Shippūden. It will also show films such as the Berserk: The Golden Age Arc film trilogy. The service will also run original content with news and behind-the-scenes information on anime and manga.
Neon Alley is a subscription-based service that will cost US$6.99 per month. According to Viz's press release, it will have "limited commercial advertising."
ANN interviewed Brian Ige, Viz Media Vice President of Animation, about the new service:
Brian Ige: Our top series have millions of weekly viewers, but there are not a lot of opportunities to highlight new series on traditional TV or cable networks. There's also not enough broadcast outlets available to support the amount of high-quality anime coming over from Japan. We wanted to create a destination for fans to explore & discover new anime titles. With Neon Alley, fans will be able to watch their favorite series next to cutting-edge series they didn't even know they were missing.
What made the channel a better choice than expanding VIZ Anime's streaming services online?
Neon Alley and VIZ Anime are two separate but complementary ways to watch anime, speaking to different audiences.
Neon Alley will feature uncut dubbed content, and because of the high amount of crossover between gamers and anime fans, will draw not only fans who enjoy dubbed content, but a wider and more casual anime-viewing audience. With Neon Alley on the game console, fans will also be able to get the best viewing experience, straight to their TV.
VIZ Anime features subtitled video-on-demand content, catering to anime fans who want their favorite shows simulcast straight from Japan.
Are you hoping to attract a more casual viewing audience for this? Do you think the need for a subscription might hamper that?
Neon Alley will be a great way for casual viewers to explore a wide variety of anime, from blockbusters Naruto Shippūden, Inuyasha: The Final Act and Death Note, to new titles like Tiger & Bunny, Zetman, and the Berserk movie trilogy.
Similar to Hulu Plus, we blend a subscription and advertising model to keep the cost low and bring the best uncut, English-dubbed content to fans, and in HD when available. Please register on NeonAlley.com for news & updates on special introductory offers!
It appears as though you're debuting some titles on the service; particularly Berserk. Is the intention for VIZ Media to debut new anime first on the channel?
We evaluate new content on a case-by-case basis. In the case of Berserk, we felt that this movie trilogy would appeal to a wide audience. We're excited to debut the first Berserk movie on Neon Alley later this year!
Any plans to expand to other set-top media streaming devices such as Boxee or Roku?
We may consider expansion to other platforms in the future.
Will the content be available on demand, or will people have to tune in at a specific time to catch the shows they want?
Neon Alley will be a live feed of shows that we curate based on the day & time. When you watch Neon Alley, it'll be like watching your favorite TV channel. Our on-screen Electronic Programming Guide will also enhance the TV viewing experience, and we're continuing to explore ways to bring the best possible experience to subscribers.
The press release mentions "the first season of Neon Alley." What does that entail exactly? Will you run all-original programming for a set time and then switch to reruns, ala a standard cable channel?
Neon Alley's programming will evolve to keep it fresh and interesting for our audience. There will be new content each week, and throughout the season you can expect event programming, specials, premieres and more. Shows will repeat, so if you didn't catch the premiere, you'll have an opportunity to view your favorite anime at a later time!
How'd you come up with the name Neon Alley?
We had a lot of fun coming up with the name. “Neon” suggests “fun” and “excitement,” while “alley” hints at “dark” and “mysterious.” We felt this really describes anime very well, conjuring up images of an exciting, yet unknown place!
WASHINGTON—According to a study published Wednesday by the Institute for Women's Policy Research, female interns earn just three-quarters of the college credit that male interns receive for the same work. “Despite completing the same photocopying, collating, and other routine internship tasks as their male counterparts, women received an average of 2.25 credits, compared with men's average of 3.0,” read the report, which found that the credit discrepancy existed across a variety of geographical regions and industries. “There definitely seems to be a credit ceiling for women. We consistently found that even women who fetched coffee, retrieved files, or ordered printer toner better than males in similar positions were nonetheless unable to advance beyond the 75-percent limit.” The study also concluded, however, that the sexual harassment gap between male and female interns had narrowed notably in recent years, with female interns now receiving 95 percent of improper sexual advances, down some 4 percent from previous studies.
Advertisement
Image copyright Apartmenthaus paradies Image caption The hotel's signs specifically for Jews caused a diplomatic incident
Israel has expressed anger to the Swiss government over a hotel's sign that told Jewish guests to shower before using the swimming pool.
The sign in English, at Apartmenthaus Paradies in the mountain resort of Arosa, triggered much criticism.
Another sign told Jewish guests to use a refrigerator only at certain times.
Israel's deputy foreign minister called it "an anti-Semitic act of the worst and ugliest kind". Reports say the hotel has now removed the signs.
A photo of the shower sign was tweeted, after an Orthodox Jewish guest spoke about it on Israel's Channel 2 TV.
The Israeli interviewee told the TV: "The staff were really very nice to us. But one morning I came down and saw this sign. I was shocked!"
"To our Jewish Guests, women, men and children, please take a shower before you go swimming," it said, adding that "if you break the rules I'm forced to cloes [sic] the swimming pool for you".
Image copyright Apartmenthaus Paradies Image caption The hotel pool: The management insists its rules were not anti-Semitic
Painful image
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said she had discussed the "anti-Semitic" case with Israel's ambassador to Switzerland, who told her the signs had now been removed. However, she said those responsible should be punished, as a deterrent.
Correspondents say the instruction to Jewish guests to have a shower touches raw nerves about the Holocaust, because Nazi death camp guards sent Jews to "showers" that were actually gas chambers.
The sign in the hotel kitchen said: "To our Jewish guests: You are allowed to approach the fridge between the hours: 10.00-11.00 in the morning and 16.30-17.30 in the evening. I hope you understand that our team does not like to be disturbed every time."
Reports say the hotel often has guests from Israel, some of whom are Orthodox Jews.
The hotel management was quoted as saying there was "no anti-Semitic intent" and "we have no problem with Jewish guests at the hotel".
Ruth Thomann, responsible for the shower sign, said her choice of words had been a mistake.
She said some Jewish guests had gone swimming with clothes, such as T-shirts, on and had not showered first.
As for the fridge, she explained, Jewish guests - but not other guests - had been allowed to use it to store kosher food.
Arosa is in Switzerland's eastern Graubünden region.
WEEKS of vitriol, conspiracy theories and an informal travel boycott directed at Malaysia by Chinese people upset over the lost jetliner have prompted Beijing to move into damage control to protect the countries' normally friendly relations.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared on March 8, carrying mostly Chinese passengers, pitching Kuala Lumpur into a high-profile, unprecedented and so far unsuccessful search for the jet.
Facing frustration at home, the Chinese government was forced to take up its citizens' case with Kuala Lumpur, publicly calling on the government to share more information and speed up the search. That upset many in Malaysia, the government included.
Now Beijing is distancing itself from the shriller criticisms, highlighting the delicate line it must walk in supporting the families without inflicting lasting damage to relations with an important neighbour.
‘WE WON'T REST UNTIL WE GET ANSWERS'
Speaking to Malaysian reporters, Chinese Ambassador Huang Huikang called some of the relatives' viewpoints “radical,'' “extreme,'' “somewhat irresponsible'' and not representative of China's view.
He emphatically stated Beijing's support for Malaysia's handling of the crisis.
“We never said China was angry about the current situation and we never said we were dissatisfied about the progress so far that has been made,'' Mr Huang said.
“We are good friends. We are partners. This is just an incident which will never affect our good relations.''
‘MH370 IS NOW A CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION'
Officials have warned that the investigation may never answer why the Boeing 777 vanished while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people aboard, 153 of them Chinese.
A dearth of information has plagued investigators from the moment the plane's transponders, which make the plane visible to commercial radar, were shut off early in the flight.
The Chinese relatives have become the human face of the tragedy, their anguish and despair over the uncertain fate of their loved ones illustrating the emotional toll of the plane's disappearance.
That despair has sometimes turned into anger, with family members tossing water bottles at the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing during a rally last week, heckling Malaysian officials as “liars'' and staging walkouts from meetings.
Anger has spilt over to the wider public, with celebrities criticising Malaysia and travel companies announcing boycotts of Malaysia Airlines flights.
An American woman whose boyfriend was on the missing plane said the way some Chinese relatives were campaigning was not helpful.
Sarah Bajc, an expatriate teacher, said pressuring Malaysia to devote staffers and resources to the Chinese relatives “is like having babysitters for a bunch of spoiled brats throwing a tantrum.''
“All the Chinese are doing is hurting themselves,'' she said.
“They're interfering with the investigation. They're losing face. They're losing confidence in front of the world's eyes.''
IS THIS THE REAL REASON WE CAN'T FIND MH370?
Malaysia's Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein has responded to the Chinese criticism and the relatives' outpouring of anger by defending his country's efforts, saying history would judge the country well, as well as with reminders that 50 Malaysians also were on the missing plane.
China's Communist Party leaders need to show they can protect their citizens both at home and abroad, and the government has been eager to show support for Chinese relatives of passengers, no matter how shrill their criticism and accusations toward Malaysia.
At the same time, the government has sought to maintain its good ties with Malaysia, endorsing the Southeast Asian nation's leadership of the search and pledging Beijing's help with ships, planes and satellites.
The tragedy has “caused a strong backlash among the Chinese public who are displeased that the Malaysian government and airline have not performed their duties properly,'' said Zhao Gancheng, director of Southeast Asian Centre of Shanghai Institute of Foreign Studies.
“But the Chinese government does not want this accident to affect the bilateral relationship. That's the bottom line.''
Many Chinese relatives are sceptical of accounts by the Malaysian government and have accused it of hiding the truth or even being involved with the plane's disappearance.
They were also infuriated when Malaysia concluded without any physical evidence that the jet went down in the Indian Ocean.
Malaysia has been largely patient and accommodating of the Chinese relatives' requests, hosting scores of family members in hotels in Beijing and near Kuala Lumpur and organising high-level briefings with experts for them, most recently Wednesday.
Still, many relatives are unsatisfied.
“The Malaysian government has been hiding and not forthcoming. They don't even have a direction (in which to search). How can we expect them to find the wreckage?'' Jane Bai, whose mother was on the plane, said in Beijing after the latest briefing.
READ MORE: OFFICIAL MH370 TRANSCRIPT RELEASED
In China, people are generally distrustful of authority and more prone to believe conspiracy theories, or that people in charge are hiding things, said Zhan Jiang, a journalism professor at the Beijing Foreign Studies University.
“My view is that so much time has passed, they should cool down a little and deal with it more calmly and not just put this kind of pressure on the other side,'' Mr Zhan said.
1351 Times Thank You! Kickstarter This newsletter will be very short. First, the whole Cradle Games team wants to thank you all for your incredible support. That Kickstarter was quite a ride!
We will do our best to make Hellpoint an amazing game!
And here are some numbers: 1351 backers
63553 CAD pledged
110 t-shirts
61 USB keys
33 custom messages to place in-game
The surveys have been sent to all backers. We will start shipping rewards as soon as we got answers to the majority of them. Contact us at contact@cradlegames.com if you experience any issue with the surveys.
Late Backers Lot of people contacted us because they discovered our Kickstarter just moments too late. For them or anybody else who didn't get the chance, we just launched our own Store! You can buy copies of the game, including alpha/beta access, t-shirts and usb keys.
If you had ideas of goodies you would enjoy, please let us know!
Demo We released an update of the demo yesterday, with numerous bug fixes and a new config file that allows you to get the best framerate, the best quality or anything in between! You can see the changelist here.
If you haven't already, give the demo a try!
Introduction and Specifications
Having experience with previous Das Keyboard models and being big fans of mechanical key switches in general, we knew we had to get our hands on the Das Keyboard 4 for test drive. We opted for the Professional model with Cherry MX Blue key switches (both the Professional and Ultimate versions also come with Cherry MX Brown switches), which carries an MSRP of $169. Here's our initial impression.
Das Keyboard 4 Professional w/ Cherry MX Blue Key Switches Specifications & Features Cherry MX mechanical key switches w/ gold contacts
Dedicated media control with oversized volume knob
Two-port SuperSpeed USB 3.0 hub
Instant Sleep buttons to save energy
Lasert-etched key cap inscriptions (Professional) to prevent fading
104-key US layout
Footbar to raise keyboard also functions as a ruler
6.5-foot (201 cm) USB cable with single USB type-A connector
18 inches by 6.8 inches by .08 inches (45.72 cm by 17.272 cm by 2.032 cm)
2.9 lbs (1.3 kg)
NKRO over USB
Anodozed aluminum top panel Firmware upgradeable
3-year warranty
$169 MSRP (Professional w/ Cherry MX Blue)
There's also a slight difference in price between the two key switches when ordering a
With this generation of the Das Keyboard, Metadot allows its customers to go Cherry MX picking. By that we mean you have a choice between two mechanical key switches -- Cherry MX Blue and Cherry MX Brown. The Cherry MX Blue version that we opted for offers tactile feedback when the activation point is hit along with an audible "clicky" sound. By comparison, Cherry MX Brown switches produce a softer tactile bump and are not clicky.There's also a slight difference in price between the two key switches when ordering a Das Keyboard 4 ; the Professional model with Cherry MX Blue switches goes for $169 MSRP and the Cherry MX Brown sells for $173 MSRP. The market for mechanical keyboards has proven robust since the introduction of the original Das Keyboard, and these days, there's a lot more competition. Typists have shown they're willing to pay a premium for a better keyboard with mechanical key switches, and manufacturers responded by bringing to market a wealth of options. Rather than concede to the competition, Metadot went and redesigned the Das Keyboard, calling the Das Keyboard 4 "the most significant update since the original" model.Having experience with previous Das Keyboard models and being big fans of mechanical key switches in general, we knew we had to get our hands on the Das Keyboard 4 for test drive. We opted for the Professional model with Cherry MX Blue key switches (both the Professional and Ultimate versions also come with Cherry MX Brown switches), which carries an MSRP of $169. Here's our initial impression.
As a species, we've come a long way from the days of carving notes into stone. While our ancestors used chisel and rock, we now use keyboards to hammer out our thoughts and anything that needs to be documented. Some of us spend hours a day sitting in front of a PC, a large portion of which is dedicated to punching keystrokes at a frenzied pace. There's a good chance that your keyboard is actively used more than any other peripheral or accessory, save for your monitor, yet some people give little thought to their plank, as if to suggest that all keyboards are essentially the same.Professional typists know better. So does Metadot, which started to build a better keyboard nearly a decade ago. You know it as the Das Keyboard and through several generations of refinements, it's evolved into what's now called the Das Keyboard 4 in both Professional (labeled key caps) and Ultimate (blank key caps) variants.
IN-form Jeremy Brockie hopes weight of goals will convince the Newcastle Jets to retain him as he hones in on Joel Griffiths's single-season scoring record. Brockie's two goals in Sunday's 5-2 win against Sydney FC lifted him to eight for the season, the third-best tally in the A-League behind Brisbane's Besart Berisha (11) and Perth's Shane Smeltz (nine). Only one Jets player has found the net more frequently in any of the A-League's seven seasons. That was Griffiths in Newcastle's premiership-winning 2007-08 campaign, when he scored 14 times in 23 games to collect the A-League's Golden Boot prize for leading marksman. Brockie said initially he had aimed to score about 10 goals this season, but now that he was ahead of budget he was tempted to set his sights on Griffiths's milestone. ‘‘I guess it's not out of reach at this stage,'' Brockie said. ‘‘We've got seven games to go, plus finals, so it might take a goal a game. ‘‘It would be nice to get close to that but at the end of the day, as long as we're getting results and get into that top six, that's the main focus.'' Brockie, who is among a host of Jets players off contract at the end of the season, said he was keen to stay in Newcastle and had held preliminary discussions with club management. Having pinballed from Auckland to Sydney to Townsville before he joined Newcastle last season, the 24-year-old New Zealand international was reluctant to move again. ‘‘I've had some initial talks with the club,'' Brockie said. ‘‘I love it here in Newcastle and want to stay. ‘‘Obviously when you're happy in your environment you feel settled. ‘‘My partner likes it here, she's got a good job, and hopefully I can keep scoring goals and help the club towards a top-six finish and that boosts my chances. ‘‘Being an attacking player, your money comes from goals. ‘‘So hopefully I can keep scoring goals and that increases my value, which is always good.'' Brockie was coy when asked whether he had been approached by any rival clubs, hinting that he might have options overseas. ‘‘Not that I'm aware of, not in the A-League,'' he said. ‘‘There's a bit of interest from outside but nothing concrete ... there's been no offers or anything. ‘‘I guess when you're an attacking player and you're scoring goals, you get a little bit of interest, but nothing concrete.'' Jets chief executive Robbie Middleby said the powers that be had noted Brockie's form. ‘‘Jeremy's having a fantastic season and it hasn't been just recently that we've spoken to him,'' Middleby said. ‘‘It's been ongoing for quite some time now ... it's a catch-22. ‘‘We don't want to lose Jeremy but we don't want to push him into a corner. ‘‘Everyone wants to stay but it will come down to salary caps and what we can afford. ‘‘But he has had a great season and so far he's in Gary's plans.'' Brockie, who was plagued by injuries in his formative years, and winger Ryan Griffiths are the only players to have played in all 20 of Newcastle's games this season. Fully fit, the Whites star is beginning to realise the potential he showed as an 18-year-old when he broke into the A-League with the now-defunct New Zealand Knights. ‘‘The more goals you score as an attacking player, the more confident you get,'' he said. ‘‘Obviously I'll be going out there on Saturday night full of confidence, and hopefully they keep rolling in.''
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/resize/frm/silverstone-feed-data/fed9be5d-22bc-4673-b1fa-fc6c6bd309e7.jpg/w1200_h678_fcrop.jpg
Bustan al-Qasr is the last remaining crossing point between the rebel and regime-held sides of Aleppo. Snipers are rife and the atmosphere tense, yet hundreds are forced to use it every day to get to work, to study and buy food.
"Today, at about midday, I treated someone who had been shot in the arm," Sam tells me. "He was a child, they usually are. I think that the snipers are aiming for kids, just kids."
Sam, crouching behind sandbags at the Bustan al-Qasr crossing point, is the only doctor on hand to treat those targeted by the snipers.
He is 25, speaks in an urbane North American drawl and has humorous eyes twinkling above his surgical mask.
He is the son of Syrian exiles who settled in Canada. "I was in the final year of my studies to become a cardiac surgeon," he tells me.
But then he felt that he had to come here. Now he sleeps in a room in the field hospital where he works. And in his time off, he comes to Bustan al-Qasr to wait for the snipers to open fire.
From Our Own Correspondent Insight and analysis from BBC correspondents, journalists and writers from around the world Broadcast on Radio 4 and BBC World Service Listen to the programme Download the programme
The pavement he sits on is dotted with dark brown blood stains.
"On average I treat about 10 people a day, every single day, but Fridays are always the worst," he says. "Yesterday about 30 people were shot here."
Everybody reacts differently to the sound of the sniper's bullet.
When shots ring out, the sea of people in the marketplace parts as most people press themselves against the walls of the buildings - as if, somehow, that will save them.
But the fatalistic ones just carry on walking straight down the middle of the road in a gesture of defiance.
"Sometimes they just fire in the air, to scare people," I am told. But sometimes they do not - Sam's work bears witness to that.
The frenetic energy of Bustan al-Qasr's marketplace is super-charged with fear.
"At first we stayed away," a market trader tells me. "But then we started coming back. What else can we do? We have to live."
Sara is an activist and a student and she runs the gauntlet every week. Her home is on the rebel side of the city and she crosses over to pick up her notes from the University, which is in the regime-held part.
During exams, she crossed almost every day in her determination to do well. "One day I crossed in the morning, and by the time I came back 15 people had been killed there," she says.
She did pass her exams but she is disappointed with her marks. "I did better last year," she tells me. "No wonder," I reply.
And many families in wartime Aleppo can only buy food if they cross over into opposition-held territory.
Until recently, the checkpoint was controlled by a group of rogue rebel soldiers who tried to extort money from the already desperate people using it.
Image caption Buses and sandbags are used to try to protect people from snipers
The last time I came to Bustan al-Qasr they tried to arrest me and confiscate my camera. But then a sniper opened fire. In the confusion, I escaped.
Now it has been taken over by Ahrar Sureya, one of the city's largest rebel brigades. It is progress for the people who use the crossing point, but also a sign of how fluid and unstable Aleppo's testosterone-charged local politics has become.
This is a city of fiefdoms. Last week Bustan al-Qasr belonged to the criminals. Today it belongs to Ahrar Sureya. And next week, who knows?
The rebels take me to meet Abu Yassin, a senior official in the rebel-held part of the city's Sharia Court police force, who is now in charge at Bustan al-Qasr.
On a corner where the main street meets a side road he points to the buildings where the snipers are stationed, in a government-owned tower block, in an apartment building, in a minaret.
"There are 72 snipers aiming towards us," he says. "And they only ever shoot at civilians."
Some people in the rebel areas want the crossing point closed altogether. Those at Friday demonstrations here no longer call for democracy, or freedom, or human rights. They want the complete dismemberment of this already fractured city.
Image caption A young boy holds up a placard calling for the crossing to be opened
And while closing Bustan al-Qasr might stop regime informants coming into the rebel side of the city, it would be disastrous for many.
It would mean failure for Sara, and maybe starvation for the families on the regime-held side. Because however chaotic, however deadly, Bustan al-Qasr is a lifeline.
It is the last artery connecting a divided city and the only choice for many people.
And the mass of human beings who throng around it - Sam in his field clinic, Sara with her lecture notes and the market traders in the sniper's sights - tell the real story of Aleppo's conflict: one of people trying to carry on with their lives amidst a war they never chose.
From Our Own Correspondent: Listen online or download the podcast.
BBC Radio 4: Saturdays at 11:30 and some Thursdays at 11:00
BBC World Service: Short editions Monday-Friday - see World Service programme schedule.
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Luis Valbuena was acquired by the Astros over the offseason in a trade that sent outfielder Dexter Fowler to the Chicago Cubs. With a bevy of talented and young outfielders already on the roster, Fowler became expendable for Houston.
Valbuena was coming off a career season, for his standards, tallying career highs in almost every offensive category (GP, PA, BA, H, HR, RBI, OBP, OPS). Not known to the everyday baseball fan, Valbuena was a solid addition to this Astros team, providing veteran leadership and a healthy bat to the heart of Houston's lineup.
Luis Valbuena who holds value as a 2B and 3B in most fantasy leagues is only owned in an astounding four percent of ESPN standard leagues. He is currently on pace to crack more home runs than his career high total of 16 in 2014 with the Cubs. After starting the season 0-for-10 in the first three games, Valbuena has hit .310 with 5 HRs and 7 RBI, including hitting safely in seven out of the last eight games.
Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow has stated very publicly that he loves Valbuena because he has deceptive power and gets on-base consistently (career .312 OBP). If you are in a twelve team league or deeper, Valbuena is becoming a must-own. He is guaranteed to play in 140+ games, unless an injury occurs, so you can count on the at-bats every night. Astros manager A.J. Hinch has been batting Valbuena anywhere from second to fifth in the lineup so he is walking to plate with a lot of RBI opportunities. He is available in 96% of ESPN leagues, so the time is now to snatch him up before his play makes him even more well-known to the average fan.
Let me know what you think about Valbuena's prospects in fantasy baseball this season in the comments below…
Dan Schalk is the head writer for MFST, you can follow him on Twitter @ffsportstalk
Greg Sandoval/CNET
A court ruling has put the kibosh on reselling digital media.
In a lawsuit between Universal Music Group's Capitol Records and MP3 reseller ReDigi, U.S. District Judge Richard Sullivan has sided with the record label and said that reselling songs bought on iTunes, Amazon, or other digital music venues is akin to copyright infringement.
"The court grants Capitol's motion for summary judgment on its claims for ReDigi's direct, contributory, and vicarious infringement of its distribution and reproduction rights," Judge Sullivan wrote in a summary judgment filed Saturday. "The court also denies ReDigi's motion in its entirety."
ReDigi calls itself "the world's first online marketplace for used digital music." The company argued that it was operating under the "first sale doctrine," which says that people can resell or rent goods. This legal doctrine is what Netflix uses for its business model. ReDigi also noted that it's legal for people to sell used CDs and DVDs.
However, Judge Sullivan ultimately concluded that digital media can only be resold if permission is granted by the copyright owner.
"Courts have consistently held that the unauthorized duplication of digital music files over the Internet infringes a copyright owner's exclusive right to reproduce," Judge Sullivan wrote. "However, courts have not previously addressed whether the unauthorized transfer of a digital music file over the Internet -- where only one file exists before and after the transfer -- constitutes reproduction within the meaning of the Copyright Act. The court holds that it does."
A ReDigi spokesperson told CNET that the judge's ruling mainly affects the service's 1.0 technology. Further iterations of its service, including 2.0, 3.0, and 4.0, were not considered by Judge Sullivan in his summary judgment and could ultimately be deemed to comply with copyright law.
"The case has wide ranging, disturbing implications that affect how we as a society will be able to use digital goods," the ReDigi spokesperson told CNET. "The Order is surprising in light of last month's United States Supreme Court decision in Kirtsaeng v. Wiley & Sons, which reaffirmed the importance and applicability of the First Sale Doctrine in the United States of America."
Capitol Records first filed its copyright complaint against ReDigi in January 2012. At first, Judge Sullivan denied the record company's motion to shutdown ReDigi. However, after putting more thought into the matter, he seems to have changed his mind.
"ReDigi will continue to keep its ReDigi 2.0 service running and will appeal the ReDigi 1.0 decision, while supporting the fundamental rights of lawful digital consumers," the ReDigi spokesperson told CNET.
Both Capitol Records and ReDigi are to file a joint letter to the court by April 12 on what they expect the next steps in the case to be.
Cyber-activists have retaliated against Chinese authorities' censorship of foreign media websites by exposing an apparent weakness in the country's vast internet control apparatus.
China blocked the Wall Street Journal and Reuters Chinese-language websites on Friday after a New York Times exposé revealed business ties between JP Morgan and the daughter of the former premier Wen Jiabao. Both websites appear to still be blocked on Monday. The New York Times's English and Chinese-language websites have been blocked in China since 2012.
Charlie Smith, the co-founder of GreatFire.org, a website which monitors internet censorship in China, says he has helped discover a strategy to make these sites available in mainland China without the aid of firewall-circumventing software.
"We think we have exposed a weakness in the Great Firewall," he said. The strategy involves creating mirror websites – essentially replicas of existing sites – which authorities would be unable to block without severely disrupting other, government-sanctioned internet traffic. A mirror site that GreatFire.org established for Reuters' Chinese-language site is currently accessible within mainland China.
"We're serving these mirror sites through companies like Amazon," Smith said. "For them to block these mirror sites, they're going to have to take down Amazon web servers in China, and that would affect thousands of services in China, maybe tens of thousands," he said. Many Chinese websites hosted by Amazon's web services are involved in e-commerce, he said, so a blanket ban could have significant economic consequences.
The Chinese government has long used a range of intimidation tactics, including internet censorship, visa denials and verbal warnings, to express its displeasure with news agencies that it deems a political threat. Authorities blocked the websites of Bloomberg News and the New York Times in 2012 after they featured lengthy investigations exposing the wealth amassed by family members of top leaders. They have withheld visas for incoming reporters from both organisations, some for more than a year.
The blocks come amid a controversy over self-censorship, as western media companies vie for financial gain in the world's second-largest economy. Top editors at Bloomberg News allegedly quashed two politically sensitive investigations last month to avoid jeopardising the organisation's China bureaux, the New York Times reported. Most of Bloomberg's revenue in China comes from subscriptions to financial terminals, and sales have slumped following publication of sensitive articles in the past.
Bloomberg managers have suspended the Hong-Kong-based correspondent Michael Forsythe – a lead reporter on one of the stories – for leaking the editorial decision, the New York Post reported on Friday. "Thanks everyone for the incredible outpouring of sympathy and support," Forsythe tweeted on Monday evening in his first public statement since the suspension. "It has really helped me and my family get through this.
The Reuters Chinese-language website was blocked soon after it published news concerning the New York Times exposé, Smith said. The Wall Street Journal site was blocked at around the same time, although the reasons appear less explicit. "All of this stuff is related to the news about Bloomberg – which media organisations are self-censoring at the moment, and which aren't?" he said. "Financial Times Chinese isn't blocked. What does that mean?"
Bloomberg has vociferously rejected allegations of self-censorship. "It is absolutely false that we postponed these stories due to external pressure," a spokesperson, Belina Tan, said in an email. "We are disappointed that they chose to publish a piece that claims otherwise."
Early this month, China's foreign ministry notified Paul Mooney, a 63-year-old reporter with 18 years of experience in China, that his visa application to work for Thompson Reuters in Beijing had been denied. He had been waiting for eight months.
Judging by a "tough" visa interview he had undergone at San Francisco's Chinese consulate this spring, he said, authorities were probably displeased with his reporting on sensitive political issues such as detained human rights lawyers and ethnic tensions in Tibet. "The consular officer said: 'If we give you the visa and allow you to go back, we suggest you be more objective in your reporting,'" Mooney said in a phone interview. "It's a form of intimidation."
Mooney returned to the US in 2012 when the visa sponsored by his former employer, the South China Morning Post, expired. "I always considered myself a China person first and a journalist second," he said. "So it's hard to think that I won't be able to go back and continue the work I was doing."
• This article was amended on 20 November 2013. An earlier version said GreatFire had established a mirror site for the Wall Street Journal that was accessible within mainland China. That is not the case.
"There is no knowing what he can do, or may choose to try. A wild beast cornered is not safe to approach. And Saruman has powers you do not guess. Beware of his voice!"
–Gandalf, The Two Towers
In The Lord of the Rings, Frodo and his companions faced perils at every turn along their long, arduous road to Mordor. They were forced to overcome the obstacles presented by nature and countless foes. They suffered losses and endured tragedies. They enjoyed little respite, yet they persisted.
Still, of all the trials they survived and all the foes they fought, it is hard to imagine that any came closer to defeating them—and preventing the destruction of the One Ring—than the betrayal they suffered at the hands of Saruman and the Uruk-hai. The Nine were split. The Fellowship sundered. And the Free People suddenly had enemies to both the East and West of Gondor. Were it not for Gandalf's fateful return, the valor of the Men of Rohan, and the ability of two Hobbits to rouse an army of Ents to action, the Eye of Sauron may never have been lured away from Frodo's quiet footsteps, and his journey may have ended in early disaster.
Saruman's betrayal and the dramatic events to which it led lie at the heart of The Treason of Saruman Saga Expansion for The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game, and now three new Nightmare Decks make the White Wizard's treachery sting even sharper. The Treason of Saruman Nightmare Decks are three twenty-card collections of encounter cards, presented in a single package, that allow you to revisit the Saga Expansion's scenarios with all the added difficulty, extra theme, and surprising new twists of Nightmare Mode.
Developer Caleb Grace on The Treason of Saruman Nightmare Decks
What will you find when you play through The Treason of Saruman in the darker shadows of Nightmare Mode? Developer Caleb Grace offers a look.
The Uruk-hai
For me, the most interesting part of The Uruk-hai chapter in The Two Towers was getting to know the Orcs individually.
I thoroughly enjoy reading the exchanges between Uglúk and Grishnak. I also find it interesting to see what an effective leader Uglúk was, in his own Orc fashion. He managed to bring three different groups of Orcs together—Isengard, Mordor, and Moria—and lead them almost all the way back to Orthanc. He even had a plan for how to deal with the Riders of Rohan who pursued them; he knew there were Orcs waiting just inside the forest under the command of Mauhúr, another Uruk-hai of Isengard, and if his Orcs could reach the edge of the forest before the Riders surrounded them, there was a chance that Mauhúr's counter-attack would drive them off.
There wasn't room in The Treason of Saruman for this bit of the story, but one of the great advantages of developing our Nightmare Decks is that they give us the extra space we need to add these sorts of story elements.
When you setup The Uruk-hai scenario in Nightmare Mode, you are instructed to set Mauhúr (The Uruk-hai Nightmare Deck, 2) aside, out of play. Then, when you advance to Stage 2A, Mauhúr leaps into the staging area to ambush your characters and wreak havoc with the pursuit value.
In The Uruk-hai, the pursuit value represents the Three Hunters pursuit of the Orcs. The larger the pursuit value becomes, the more distance the Orcs put between themselves and their pursuers. Mauhúr adds to the drama of this chase by hastening the Orcs' passage to Isengard. Every time he attacks, you must increase the pursuit value by one. In fact, most of the encounter cards are going to either force you to increase the pursuit value or deal with the consequences. For example, the treachery card, Uglúk's Command (The Uruk-hai Nightmare Deck, 8), reads: “When Revealed: Either increase the pursuit value by 4, or Uglúk makes an immediate attack against you.” Since the players lose if the pursuit value reaches thirty, you will have to be careful about how often you increase it.
Helm's Deep
The battle of Helm's Deep is already considered to be one of the most difficult and enjoyable scenarios in the game, so we didn't add any new rules to the Nightmare version. Instead, we replaced the softer encounter cards with much more difficult ones. Cards that could be helpful like Postern Door (The Treason of Saruman, 40) were cut and replaced with cards like Hornburg Wall (Helm's Deep Nightmare Deck, 5), which gives each enemy in play Toughness 1. If the players allow all three copies of Hornburg Wall to remain in play at the same time, that means each enemy will have at least Toughness 3.
We also added tougher enemies to really put the players on the defensive. There are three copies of Host of Isengard (Helm's Deep Nightmare Deck, 2), a four Threat Strength, eight Attack Strength, and two Defense Strength Uruk-hai with eight Hit Points. It has Toughness 2 and gains this text while it is in the staging area: “Forced: At the end of the round, place 1 progress on the current quest (bypassing any active location).” As you can imagine, the Host's Forced text, combined with his daunting combat stats, makes the decision of whether or not to engage this enemy a very difficult choice.
Fortunately for the players, we also included two copies of Glittering Caves (Helm's Deep Nightmare Deck, 6), a helpful location with only two Threat Strength and two Quest Points. While it is the active location, it gains this text: “Skip the combat phase. Forced: At the end of the round, add Glittering Caves to the victory display and raise each player's threat by 2.”
In the books, many of the Rohirrim took shelter in the Glittering Caves after the Deeping Wall was breached and the Orcs of Isengard overran the valley. That is why the players cannot travel to Glittering Caves unless they are at Stage 4B. The decision of whether or not to hide in the caves also has to be tempered by the fact that all those enemies in the staging area will be waiting for you the next round when you ride out to fight them.
The Road to Isengard
The Road to Isengard was a really fun scenario to design because it gave the players a chance to be the aggressors and take control of angry Ents who want to smash Isengard into dust. Because we wanted the players to feel like they were stomping on Orcs and smashing walls, we deliberately made most of the enemies a little bit on the weak side. Their strength came mostly from Archery and other effects as opposed to raw stats.
This remains mostly true for the Nightmare version, though there are now three copies of the location card, Fortress of Isengard (The Road to Isengard Nightmare Deck, 5), which gives each Orc enemy a one-point bonus to its Threat, Attack, and Defense Strengths. Even just one of these locations can turn a wimpy Isengard Orc (The Treason of Saruman, 51) into a potential threat, but if you allow all three copies to be in play at the same time, then you're in real trouble.
However, the main threat of the scenario still comes from Wizardry effects and from Saruman himself (The Treason of Saruman, 47). For example, the Wizardry trigger on Poisonous Shaft (The Road to Isengard Nightmare Deck, 4): “Each player discards a damaged character he controls.” This effect combos with all the Archery and other damage effects in the scenario, and if you're not careful, it can force you to discard a damaged hero.
The White Wizard can also catch you off-guard with the treachery card, Traitor of Many Colors (The Road to Isengard Nightmare Deck, 6), which causes him to make an immediate attack during the quest phase. As before, if he is dealt a shadow card with a Wizardry effect, you must resolve that effect too, making Saruman a truly dangerous foe.
Powers You Cannot Guess
As one of the Istari, Saruman held powers that most Men and Hobbits and Dwarves could scarcely begin to imagine. And the betrayal of such an ally creates a dramatic change in the balance of power, one from which it is extremely difficult to recover. You recovered once when you played through The Treason of Saruman in Standard Mode. Can you recover again, but this time while playing in the desperate darkness of Nightmare Mode?
The Treason of Saruman Nightmare Decks are now available. Order your copy today!
ANT-20 ANT-20 "Maxim Gorky" Role Propaganda aircraft/Transport National origin Soviet Union Manufacturer Tupolev First flight 19 May 1934 Introduction 1934 Retired 1942 Primary user Soviet Union Number built 2 Developed from Tupolev TB-4
The Tupolev ANT-20 Maksim Gorki (Russian: Туполев АНТ-20 "Максим Горький") was a Soviet eight-engine aircraft, the largest of the 1930s. Its wingspan was similar to that of a modern Boeing 747, and was not exceeded until the 64.6 metre wingspan Douglas XB-19 heavy bomber prototype first flew in 1941.
Overview [ edit ]
The ANT-20 was designed by Andrei Tupolev, using German engineer Hugo Junkers' original all-metal aircraft design techniques from 1918. It was constructed between 4 July 1933 and 3 April 1934, and was one of two aircraft of its kind built by the Soviets. The aircraft was named after Maksim Gorki and dedicated to the 40th anniversary of his literary and public activities. The ANT-20 was the largest known aircraft to have used the Junkers aviation firm's design philosophy of corrugated sheet metal for many of the airframe's key components, especially the corrugated sheet metal skinning of the airframe.
It was intended for Stalinist propaganda purposes and was equipped with a powerful radio set called "Voice from the sky" ("Голос с неба", Golos s neba), printing machinery, a library, radiostations, a photographic laboratory and a film projector with sound for showing films in flight. In a first-in-aviation history the aircraft was equipped with a ladder which would fold on itself to become part of the floor.[1]
The aircraft was the first to use both direct current and alternating current. The aircraft could be dismantled and transported by rail if needed. The aircraft set several carrying-capacity world records and is also the subject of a 1934 painting by Vasily Kuptsov, which is now in the collection of the Russian Museum at St. Petersburg.
1935 Maksim Gorky crash [ edit ]
On 18 May 1935, the Maksim Gorky (pilots – I. V. Mikheyev and I. S. Zhurov) and three more aircraft (a Tupolev ANT-14, R-5 and I-5) took off for a demonstration flight over Moscow. The main purpose of the other three aircraft flying so close was to make evident the difference in size. The accompanying I-5 fighter piloted by Nikolai Blagin had performed two loop manoeuvres around the Maksim Gorky. On the third loop, they collided. The Maksim Gorky crashed into a low-rise residential neighbourhood west of present-day Sokol metro station.[2] Forty-five people were killed in the crash, including the fighter pilot as well as both crew members and the 33 passengers on the Maksim Gorky, and an additional nine people on the ground.[3]
A replacement aircraft, designated ANT-20bis had begun production the following year and first flew in 1938. It was largely identical in design but with six more-powerful Mikulin AM-34FRNV engines. In December 1940, the aircraft was re-engined with two slightly more powerful Mikulin AM-35 engines in the inner positions (number three and four). This plane, designated PS-124 and registered CCCP-L760, served with Aeroflot on transport routes in Russia and Uzbekistan. On 14 December 1942, it crashed after the pilot allowed a passenger to take his seat momentarily and the passenger apparently disengaged the automatic pilot, sending the airplane into a nosedive from an altitude of 500 m (1,600 ft), killing all 36 on board.[4]
Operators [ edit ]
Specifications [ edit ]
Data from The Osprey Encyclopedia of Russian Aircraft 1875–1995 [5]
General characteristics
Crew: eight
eight Capacity: 72
72 Length: 32.90 m (107 ft 11¼ in)
32.90 m (107 ft 11¼ in) Wingspan: 63.00 m (206 ft 8¼ in)
63.00 m (206 ft 8¼ in) Height: 10.6 m [6] (34 ft 9¼ in)
10.6 m (34 ft 9¼ in) Wing area: 488 m² (5,251 ft²)
488 m² (5,251 ft²) Empty weight: 28,500 kg (62,700 lb)
28,500 kg (62,700 lb) Loaded weight: 42,000 kg (92,400 lb)
42,000 kg (92,400 lb) Max. takeoff weight: 53,000 kg (116,600 lb)
53,000 kg (116,600 lb) Powerplant: 8 × Mikulin AM-34FRN V-12 liquid cooled, 671 kW (900 hp) each
Performance
Maximum speed: 220 km/h (119 kn, 137 mph) at sea level
220 km/h (119 kn, 137 mph) at sea level Range: 1,200 km (652 nmi, 750 mi)
1,200 km (652 nmi, 750 mi) Service ceiling: 4,500 m (14,764 ft)
See also [ edit ]
Related development
Aircraft of comparable role, configuration and era
Related lists
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
The American Century just ended. This was the phrase coined by Henry Luce, which so aptly described America as the modern-day colossus, more powerful than any nation had ever been. Wednesday night, President Obama said that power had reached its limit. He was bringing 10,000 troops home from Afghanistan. The war was not finished, but we are.
“America, it is time to focus on nation building at home,” the president said.
There it was, the theme of the speech. We had done what we could in Afghanistan, and there was, of course, more to do. But the purse was empty and the nation was tired -- this is me, not Obama, talking, but he said much the same thing. “We must be as pragmatic as we are passionate; as strategic as we are resolute,” Obama said. In other words, we are going to pick our fights more carefully, and when we do, we can use the new weaponry of drones and the units of SEALs and such. No need for massive armies anymore. From the president's mouth to God's ear, I would add.
I have heard this speech before. I heard echoes of Richard Nixon explaining “Vietnamization.” Gonna turn the war over to our stolid allies. We put them on their feet. We trained them. We supplied them. We schooled them at our elite military academies. They looked splendid in their uniforms. But when the U.S. pulled out, South Vietnam collapsed. It will happen again in Afghanistan. I think Obama knows that. He fought this war -- authorized the West Point surge -- because he did not know how to get out. Now, he does. As any previous president could have told him, it's by getting out.
Somewhere in the Obama speechwriting shop is someone with a tin ear. Having raised the specter of Vietnamization, Obama came close to mimicking Robert McNamara's famous and klutzy line about the Vietnam war, “light at the end of the tunnel.” He said, “And even as there will be dark days ahead in Afghanistan, the light of a secure peace can be seen in the distance.” I hope so. But this secure peace will not hold a day. Even George McGovern's refrain from his 1972 acceptance speech at the Democratic convention -- “Come Home America” -- was echoed here as a call to turn inward.
McGovern's call was stirring and profound, and even though Nixon beat him, America did come home. We were a tired and divided nation, and we hated one another with a fury that no one should forget. The Vietnam war was long and bloody, over 50,000 dead, and it almost seemed as if no one could remember why we were fighting -- or for what.
Something similar has happened in Afghanistan. Bin Laden is dead. Al-Qaeda has been riddled by drones. The job is done, or done enough, and we are broke and in need of some R&R. Obama surely knows his history and does not want it repeated -- neither as tragedy nor as farce. We are not Henry Luce's America -- not because we no longer want to be, but because we no longer can be.
After Hurricane Harvey shut down most multiplex locations in Corpus Christi and Houston two weeks ago, here comes Hurricane Irma, which is expected to hit the Florida peninsula overnight Saturday. The storm, per the Weather Channel, could downgrade from a Category 5 to a 4 by the time it makes landfall, but theater owners are taking great precautions, closing down many venues effective today on both east and west coasts of the state.
The moves come as more than a third of the gas stations in Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Naples aresa are without fuel as shortages become more prevalent as many evacuate the state.
Cinemark has already shuttered Palace Boca, Boynton Beach and Paradise 24 Davie outside of Fort Lauderdale, and they'll remain closed through Monday. Regal South Beach and iPic North Miami Beach are closed, while northern locations like the Oviedo Marketplace Stadium 22 will close end of business day Friday with a hope to re-open Monday.
A total of 14 Regal sites will be shuttered throughout the weekend, and that figure is increasing. As of now, all AMC Theatres in the Miami and West Palm Beach markets will be closed beginning tomorrow until Irma passes. Another 11 AMC sites are already closed including but not limited to locations in Sunrise, Aventura, Pompano Beach and Fort Lauderdale. iPic has closed its Boca Raton and North Miami Beach venues today. Five Cobb locations are shut down beginning tomorrow until further notice.
Similar to Harvey, Irma isn't expected to slow the overall weekend box office much — just 3%-5% per exhibition sources.
After a slow summer that was down 15%, many exhibitors and distributors are looking for a boost, which New Line is expected to deliver this weekend with its Stephen King feature adaptation It. According to the latest round of tracking this morning, the horror movie is on course to post a record opening of $80 million. Previews begin tonight in about 3,500 locations.
When do you let go of a series and stop having faith? Nearly every franchise has its duds, but at some point bad entries aren't an anomaly anymore, they're a trend. When fans are frequently getting burned, it's reasonable they'd start questioning their loyalty, even if they long for the glory days of yore. Here are five long-running series that are no longer providing fans much reason to stick around except for blind faith that next time things will be different.
Tony Hawk
Where it went wrong: Tony Hawk Ride (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii)
PlayStation gamers were introduced to Tony Hawk's Pro Skater way back in 1999, and the whole experience was magical. Not only were the movements and tricks silky-smooth for the time, but the punk-oriented soundtrack featuring bands like Primus and Dead Kennedys was top-of-the-line. Activision took the success of THPS and ran with it; developer Neversoft created one of the best games of the era in Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2. As time went on, the series' quality gradually declined, though Tony Hawk's Project 8 did introduce some interesting new mechanics. Soon afterward, developer Robomodo was handed the reins to the series. That's when it face-planted.
In a time where Guitar Hero and Rock Band had become immensely popular, Activision chose to create a plastic skateboard peripheral with four infrared sensors - one on each side of the board - and several motion sensors. Gamers would use the skateboard just like a real one. Tony Hawk Ride was an abysmal failure, full of awkward gameplay and frustrating issues. While its successor, Tony Hawk's Shred, was higher quality, it sold terribly and the franchise was shelved. If the recent debut of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5 is any indication, though, maybe it should have stayed there. On Metacritic, the PS4 version has a 32, while the Xbox One fared a bit better with a 39. Ouch. Not even by going back to its roots could the series deliver a polished and noteworthy experience.
Silent Hill
Where it went wrong: Silent Hill Homecoming (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PC)
Silent Hill wasn't just creepy; it had some truly messed-up storylines. The games were about confronting the unknown, so much so that the tension was palpable every time you walked around a corner. Whether it was an unexpected jump scare or insane plot twist, Silent Hill loved to toy with your mind. Silent Hill 2 remains one of the best offerings for playing with your expectations, providing memorable endings based on your choices.
Throughout the franchise's early days, the focus was creeping out players. The Room and Origins started the quality shift downward. It wasn't until Konami decided to ditch horror for action and put you in the shoes of a war hero in Homecoming that things really fell apart. This didn't make it feel like you were a normal person just trying to survive and took away much of the tension. Shattered Memories had some great ideas (especially being psychologically evaluated according to your actions), but didn't end up making a huge splash due to some boring gameplay and poor controls. Downpour also tried to get the franchise back on track, but had similar results. And that Book of Memories spin-off that was a multiplayer dungeon-crawler? Yikes.
Then P.T. got our hopes up when we saw Kojima's vision for a new Silent Hill, getting people more excited than they had been for the franchise in a long time. Sadly, Konami canceled the project in its messy divorce from Kojima, causing a great deal of disappointment and anger from those who had renewed interest in Silent Hill. Konami still may do something with the franchise, but it doesn't hold the same promise. Now that company has shifted its focus, the next Silent Hill is more likely to be pachinko or mobile related. Yeah, we don't blame you if you've lost all hope.
Sonic
Where it went wrong: Sonic: The Hedgehog 2006 (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360)
Sonic has always been all about speed – the Mario competitor showed exactly that starting with Blast Processing on the Genesis. For the most part, the blue blur has done himself well as long as he's been in 2D – and even his initial transition to 3D in Sonic Adventure was decent. All of that goodwill was lost with the release of Sonic The Hedgehog in 2006. The 15th anniversary celebration was not well received – currently holding a 43 on Metacritic.
Despite dipping into other genres, including RPGs and racing games, Sonic hasn't regained his same level of speed and fun. These days, it feels like the best you can hope for is something passable, such as Colors or Generations, but you're usually getting something as dreadful as Sonic Boom. Every time a new entry is launched, Sega promises this time will be different, but we have yet to see a recent entry compare to Sonic's glory days. That's why it's hard to not be skeptical about the latest announcements – Sonic Mania and an untitled new Sonic game helmed by the Sonic Team.
Star Ocean
Where it went wrong: Star Ocean: The Last Hope (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3)
The Star Ocean series enamored fans with its deep combat, sci-fi settings, and amazing levels of customization. While the earlier entries remain cherished, things started to go downhill with Star Ocean: The Last Hope, which starred generic action hero Edge Maverick and a slew of other annoying party members. This is when the series started to get boring and lose its appeal, but it only got worse with the latest entry. Star Ocean: Integrity and Faithlessness feels like the final nail in the coffin with its lack of captivating characters, humdrum gameplay, and horrendous A.I. It's a shame because fans of tri-Ace's earlier games, like Star Ocean: The Second Story and Valkyrie Profile, recognize that, while flawed, these titles provided a unique experience rarely seen elsewhere. Unfortunately, Integrity and Faithlessness only proved that the innovation tri-Ace is famous for is waning. Fans have every right to be skeptical as to whether or not the series can be special again.
Metroid
Where it went wrong: Metroid: Other M (Wii)
The Metroid series has rightfully earned a legacy for being one of the best shooter/platformer hybrids around. Between the excellent exploration and non-linear progression, Metroid made you look forward to every new finding. Metroid has remained cherished, even inspiring many developers to use it as inspiration for games like Axiom Verge and Ori and the Blind Forest.
For the most part, Metroid fans haven't had it all the bad. Despite initial concerns, Retro's three Metroid Prime games were all top-quality, interesting, and, most importantly, fun. Since that trilogy, though, we've only seen two new games, and one of them is the much-derided Metroid: Other M. Team Ninja created some competent game systems and a great atmosphere, but failed miserably when it came to characterization. Samus Aran is one of the most well-known female characters in gaming, but she was characterized as submissive and passive – two things she had never been before. Ultimately, the game sold to less than Nintendo's expectations. Fans have been patiently waiting for a new game to return and take the crown, but the only one on the horizon is Metroid Prime: Federation Force, a co-op FPS for the 3DS – not exactly what the audience wants. For now, fans are looking elsewhere to get the 2D Metroid experiences they crave, but that's not to say that if Nintendo announced a new actual Metroid game instead of a silly offshoot, we wouldn't be over the moon with excitement.
Ultimately, I don't blame fans for wanting to see something they once loved to be great again, but that's a hard feat when a franchise has gone so off course. It's impossible to point one specific thing or length of time you should give a series to get back on track before you put your foot down. However, it's also important to set your expectations. Be realistic. Be skeptical. Hope for the best, but don't forget that you've been burned before.
What franchises have given up on and why? Let us know in the comments below.
After a year out of the spotlight, Turner Entertainment chief creative officer Kevin Reilly emerged this week with an ambitious plan for his cable empire.
During his first Television Critics Association press tour presentation in two years, Reilly laid out the ways in which he intended to reinvent drama network TNT and its comedy sibling TBS. He announced that he'd be cutting the ad load in the former's forthcoming dramas by 50 percent, and reiterated his desire to increase and elevate the networks' original output at both brands. Reilly, who joined the company a year ago after more than half a decade at Fox, stressed that the transition would take "the better part of three years to complete."
THR caught up with Reilly following his presentation for a candid chat about the future of the business and his networks' place in it.
You've laid out an ambitious plan to reinvent TNT, and the end goal is, in many ways, to do here what you began to do at FX. But that kind of transformation — from populist "popcorn" entertainment to "bolder" prestige fare — takes time. Does Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes have the stomach to wait that out?
There were times [where I'd] test the will — would they balk or say, 'Let's look at that a little carefully'? Some of that has been on the investment side and some of that has been on the programming side. If going forward is half as good as it has been this year, I'll be a very happy guy because they've been great. On one hand, it's a question of what else are we going to do? Are we going to do less? Are we going to retreat?
Well you announced from stage that you'd be wrapping up TNT's Rizzoli & Isles, which doesn't align with your new programming strategy but long has been a major ratings driver …
If I came in and said, year two of Rizzoli & Isles, we're pulling the plug on it, I would have probably gotten some [feedback]. They have not said no to me on anything and I don't think they would have said no, but I think they would have gone like, 'Really?! You want to do that?' And, honestly, that would have been a stupid move. I've got a show that people love, that's performed really well, why would I do that? Coming to the end of a seven-year run, it's an easier decision. Everybody involved, from producers to talent, are like, 'It's been a good run. We're going to be one of a couple cable shows that has made it to that 100-plus [episode] number. There have been very few cable shows that have made that many episodes. So let's go out when we're strong and not limp.'
Rizzoli is produced by Warner Bros. Television. Going forward, how important will it be for you to own your own content?
We're owning an awful lot of it now through TNT and TBS Productions because nowadays the control of the product — to do something like 25-hour marathons [the launch plan for Angie Tribeca] or SVOD — you want to have that in your control. The next tier down will be Warner properties [a corporate sibling] and then we do have projects at most outside studios, and if they're good we're happy to put them on. It's just the straight licensing of things is becoming tougher. On top of that, the studio business has been incredibly robust. The irony of a lot of networks is that you're paying this licensing fee and the studios are over there selling it to Netflix and having record years. And we're dying for the little win — like, 'I can push my own shitty shows into a package and make money, too.' You produce an OK drama and put it in your output deal and you're fine; you produce one that's pretty good, you're pretty good; you get a good one, you make a lot of money. It's nice to have that on my balance sheet rather than just licensing.
How much of the decision not to move forward with the DC Comics project Titans, also from Warner Bros., was based on the fact that you don't own it?
It wasn't. Akiva [Goldsman] is a talented guy, [but] the script just wasn't there. There is an unbelievable glut of superhero things in the market right now and if you have a really good one, clearly people are up for it. But I just don't think that there's a need for one that, for me, at least on paper didn't seem to be screaming to get made.
Looking ahead, what will the cable landscape look like in five years?
It'll look radically different. There will be fewer networks, and there will be some entities that will be recombined in new fashions — new corporate alignments. Some changing within a year, and then accelerating over the next three. It's going to be interesting. Look, Viacom's troubles are well documented and well deserved, in my opinion. Not to say there are a bunch of bozos there but I think they've bled the company dry, and its really suffered accordingly. They've been punted off by a small cable player [Suddenlink]. So, if they can withstand it, it means that you better really have some assets. Once those are cut loose, then it ends up being assets in distress that either go away or get purchased by someone else and reconstituted in some way.
Not sure you'd want to be MTV2 or MTVU right now …
For awhile, it looked like maybe Turner didn't make the smart move by taking their handful of networks and not building five other networks off the back of TNT. Instead, they said, 'You know what, we'll take another nickel on top of TNT.' What you end up with then is very profitable core networks and not 22 networks that need to move around. Because if you have the double whammy where you're trying to move that many networks and your flagship networks aren't performing, then you have a world of trouble. There's going to be a lot of that going on — and cable has been the real growth mechanism at these media companies. The thing that I mentioned before is that it's an incredible business. It's really weird to be talking about challenges when you're in a multibillion-dollar business operating at a really high margin. It's not the worst problem.
The late-night landscape had grown increasingly crowded, and unless you're Jimmy Fallon you have little to tout with regard to ratings. What kind of future do you see for Conan?
I sat down with Conan at dinner a week before I announced [I was taking] the job and I felt like he was toiling a little bit in obscurity. ... I said, 'We have to shake it up.' We started talking about things and shortly thereafter he started doing those remotes. The Cuba show was incredible. [TBS announced Thursday he'd be heading to Qatar with Michelle Obama.] There's a lot of people who watch the show who don't watch it on TBS.
And there lies the challenge of late night …
The 10 million views on YouTube are … worthless to us as a business. It's part of the Comedy Central challenge: when you do sketch and talk, it's more vulnerable to people watching the segments on your phone. Not to say narrative is completely immune, but it's a lot easier to watch the two segments than it is to watch 90 minutes.
Could you envision a future with Samantha Bee, who will soon launch her TBS show Full Frontal, but not Conan?
No, I don't want that at all. I want Conan around for a long time. The question I'm fascinated with in the next number of years is this online thing that he's got — is there a way to keep that going in some fashion that it becomes part of a more valuable brand rather than posting the worthless calories on YouTube? Maybe it's not a five-night-a-week show. He's talking about it. That's not anything we're doing in the short run.
Looking around the landscape, what new rival show has you most envious?
I really liked the way they brought Fargo around [at FX] and [Netflix's] Narcos was pretty great, too. The source material is so good. I've been tracking versions of that for years, so I got frustrated. In fact, we had one in the pipeline called Cocaine Cowboys, which was a great doc in itself, but I think [Narcos] sealed the fate of that [project].
Netflix's Making a Murderer has generated a tremendous amount of attention in recent weeks. It comes on the heels of HBO's The Jinx. Is the true crime genre one that you foresee exploring?
I love them. I just read an article about how, basically, cable fodder has become high art. Dateline used to live on this stuff; it's essentially the same thing just teased out. You can't fire those up in two days and just edit them. What gives them integrity is the length of commitment to the doc experience. So yes, we will be another destination that would be willing to help finish docs in motion.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As Julia Carneiro reports, Lula's Workers' Party has been hit hard by the scandal
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has visited her predecessor, Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, a day after he was questioned over corruption allegations at the state oil company, Petrobras.
She appeared with Lula on the balcony of his apartment and waved to hundreds of people who had gathered below.
Lula has said his brief arrest on Friday is part of a campaign to sully his image and that of Ms Rousseff.
Police are looking into payments and donations made to Lula's institute.
Some of Brazil's wealthiest people as well as dozens of politicians from both the governing coalition and the opposition are also being investigated for involvement in the alleged Petrobras corruption scheme.
Lula, a left-wing icon, left office in 2011. His Workers' Party has been hit hard by the long-running scandal.
After his interrogation on Friday, he told reporters he was the victim of a "prejudice as a working-class man".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ms Rousseff was hand-picked to succeed Lula
Ms Rousseff turned up at his home on Saturday, along with hundreds of people showing support for the former president.
Saturday's rally was peaceful in contrast to angry scenes on Friday when protesters clashed with police outside the building.
"She is going to meet with Lula as a gesture of solidarity and support," a press officer at the presidential palace told the Associated Press news agency.
She later could be seen on the balcony with Lula and his wife Marisa.
The Workers' Party has held the Brazilian presidency since 2003, both under Lula and Ms Rousseff.
In the latest operations, police enforced 33 search and 11 detention warrants in the states of Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo and Bahia, officials said.
Lula, 70, is suspected of receiving about 30m reais ($8m; £5.6m) in speaking fees and donations to his charity.
His home was among the premises targeted, as was the headquarters of the institute in São Paulo.
A successful filmmaker is going to be able to key in on images or ideas that have some sort of resonance with a general public, so it "feels" significant whether it is or not.
The time measurement of hours and minutes is totally arbitrary. Our ancestors could have divided the day into 30 equal parts or 100 equal parts or 10 equal parts just as easily as they chose 24. There is nothing inherent or magical or "supernatural" or "alien" about the 24 hour day. It's just the system that caught on. As a consequence of it being so ubiquitous, we tend to think of the 24 hour day as being "natural" and any references to a particular time of day or night might seem "special. That time of day, 3:33 AM, reflects about an eighth of the total time that will pass in a single day. Had the day been measured in 30 segments instead of 24, it would look more like 10 o'clock. Had the day been on a ten "hour" system, it would have been about half past one in the morning. Remember also that our culture may start the day at midnight, but some cultures start the day at sundown or sun-up. I don't know of any that start the day at noon, but that would also be an easy reference point to divide the morning from the afternoon, and you could easily have called the morning yesterday and the afternoon today. It is simply the cultural norm, not something magical, supernatural, or alien.
Military time is still a 24 hour day, but 3:33 PM doesn't look like 3:33 - it looks like 15:33.
Even the time that passes in a single day is somewhat fluid. I've read that in the past, the rotational energy of the earth was not dissipated by tides, and it actually spun faster, so the "natural" 24-hour day was actually shorter than what we now measure as 24 hours.
What you are asking about is the phenomenon that any good story teller uses to draw in the audience. Some bad story tellers use it, too, so just be skeptical about any "special meaning" associated with numbers. Some recent examples are the millenium scare and the movie 2012. Hokum is hokum.
The movie you mention may or may not be a good movie, but don't give it more meaning that in has. It is entertainment, not science, and certainly not predictive in nature.
Aside to Hank - I haven't seen the movie or even the trailer, so I hadn't thought of the religious aspect. Good answer. Since some think 666 is "the number of the beast," or evil, then maybe these characters in the movie are just half that bad. I had a phone number once that ended with the digits 3,6,6, and 9. My husband joked that we should disconnect our "evil" land line.
Source(s): Credit the Babalonians for the base 60 system that is probably the source of the 60 minute hour and 60 second minute. The natural tendancy to sleep about a third of the day and 24 being a multiple of 3 could be the source of the 24 hour day. I've also heard that the resting human heart rate is close enough to 60 in a minute (or was in heart healthier times) that it would be a good "internal clock" to measure a second. A second also happens to be about the same time it takes to say "one-Mississippi" out loud. Go figure. karen star · 9 years ago 1 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
The Serie A club have confirmed they will be without the defender for the opening part of the season after he underwent treatment on a heel problem
Juventus will start their Serie A title defence without centre-back Andrea Barzagli after the 33-year-old was ruled out for up to three months.
Barzagli was a regular in Antonio Conte's starting line-up and his performances for Juve helped his side win Serie A and reach the semi-finals of the Uefa Europa League.
The defender, who has undergone surgery for a heel injury, also started in all three of Italy's World Cup games before they were eliminated at the group stage.
"Andrea Barzagli has this afternoon [Tuesday] undergone surgery on the heel bone of his right foot," a club statement read.
"Under the supervision of Juventus doctor Fabrizio Tencone, the defender was operated on by Professor Sakari Orava in Turku, Finland.
"Barzagli, who did not require surgical treatment on his Achilles tendon, is due to return to Italy tomorrow and will proceed with his rehabilitation programme after a period of complete rest.
"He is estimated to be out for approximately three months."
Two soldiers have been killed and six wounded over the past four months at the base in Qadrat. One Taliban marksman has been killed but another has eluded efforts to remove him and continues to shoot at soldiers.
But in an extraordinarily brave manoeuvre soldiers from 3rd Bn The Parachute Regiment are offering themselves as targets to draw out the sniper fire.
Lieut Jamie MacDonald, the 24-year-old commander of the base, has set up vehicle check points deliberately presenting himself as a target to flush out the Taliban gunman.
"It's pretty uncomfortable to know that someone is lining you up in their sights," he said. "The fact that he's accurate is psychologically difficult."
Lieut MacDonald said he would not expose "one of his blokes" to a danger he would avoid. "I've done it a couple of times," he said. "I don't ever sit still, I just keep moving."
Twice the paratrooper has come close to being shot when rounds fired have
missed his head or body by inches. "We will get him," Lieut MacDonald said. "If not today it will be soon. Currently every patrol we go out on to the north we will be guaranteed to get a single shot from the sharpshooter."
There have been many near misses with soldiers' armour hit or returning with a hole in their backpacks. Qadrat has been recognised as the most dangerous outpost in Helmand – the site of the highest number of gunshot wounds per soldier.
Last month Ptes Conrad Lewis and Lewis Hendry were killed by a single shot from the sharpshooter. Members of the Sniper Platoon have now been drafted in to tackle the sharpshooter.
"Everyone always makes a mistake in the end," said a 30-year-old sniper corporal, who cannot be named.
"It's a waiting game. It will be mega for the blokes when we do get him. We will see who's more patient but for him it's one person against the British Army."
The soldiers told how the marksman operates. Usually a teenager will carry his weapon to a hideout then other youths will provide a scouting screen, providing information on troop movements.
Once the insurgent lines up a target he will take a shot, sometimes two, then drop the weapon and walk away.
But his sniping partner was killed earlier this year when an alert Para spotted him.
The insurgent took a shot and the Paras returned fire.
He fled on a motorcycle and when he got a mile away, stopped and was giving "high fives" to a colleague when they were hit by a Hellfire missile fired by a Reaper drone.
While police were responding to a serious assault in downtown Winnipeg, a woman who had been stabbed multiple times walked into the crime scene.
Police went to Smith Street, just north of Portage Avenue, around 3 a.m. Friday to investigate reports of a serious assault.
Officers found a man in his 40s who had been stabbed in the upper body. He was taken to hospital in unstable condition. Police said he was not co-operating with their investigation.
Police tape surrounds a dumpster on Smith Street, just north of Portage. (Kelly Malone/CBC)
While officers investigated that assault, a woman in her 20s walked into the area with multiple stab wounds.
The woman was likely attacked in the area of Donald Street and Portage Avenue, police said. She was taken to hospital in critical condition.
Westbound Portage Avenue was closed between Smith Street and Donald Street, and Smith Street was closed north of Portage to Ellice Avenue for much of the morning rush hour.
The streets were reopened at around 7:45 a.m.
Police ask anyone with information to call investigators at 204-986-6219 or Crime Stoppers at 204-786-8477.
A forensics officer looks at the front door of the Marlborough Hotel. (Jeff Stapleton/CBC)
More Manitoba news
It's traditionally been conservative country where many women conform to traditional gender roles - from their family life to their strict dress code.
Yet as these extraordinary photos show, a revolution fuelled by social media and smartphones is transforming Iranian women's culture and fashion almost beyond recognition.
French photographer Eric Lafforgue, 52, travelled to the Islamic country twice in 2015 in a quest to capture how the internet is helping challenge the once-strict female dress code.
Scroll down for video
A woman in Tehran shows off her Louis Vuitton branded phone case. The country has also seen a surge in fake designer goods, from designer iPhone cases to colourful, sequin-covered headscarves
In smaller communities, where it is easier to flaunt the rules, women are increasingly wearing bright colours
One woman sports a bandaged nose. Experimenting with make up and facial surgery, particularly nose jobs, is not uncommon in Iran, as women want to ensure their faces look unique in contrast to their modest clothing
An Iranian woman shows off her Micky Mouse jumper under her floral headscarf. According to photographer Eric Lafforgue, many women are eschewing traditional black robes in favour of more colourful fabrics
Since the revolution in 1979 when Sharia law was imposed, women have been required to cover their hair, neck and arms in order to ‘maintain their modesty.'
However, the introduction of iPhones and Instagram is influencing the younger generation to break the rules with branded chadors (traditionally a plain black cloth garment), make-up and accessories.
While most women still cover their faces during Tasu'a (a ceremony marking the ninth day of Muharram), some no longer do so during their day-to-day lives.
In smaller communities, where it is easier to flaunt the rules, women are also increasingly wearing bright colours.
There's a wide variety of accessories for women to purchase from the bazaar (pictured, in Tehran). According to Eric, Iranian authorities see the rebellion against modest dress as a serious 'cultural problem'
A range of colourful headscarves are available for women who want something different to traditional black. In smaller communities, where it is easier to flaunt the rules, women are increasingly choosing brighter colours
Times are changing: Since the revolution in 1979 when Sharia law was imposed, women have been forced to cover their hair, neck and arms to ‘maintain their modesty' - but more and more women are flaunting the rules
Eric also found that traditional gender roles were still at play. He visited one market in Tehran where street stall sellers gave women perfume samples through a long syringe, as they are forbidden from touching them
A tale of two cities: The introduction of iPhones and Instagram is influencing the younger generation to break the rules with branded chadors (traditionally a plain black cloth garment), make-up and accessories
Photojournalist Eric, who visited the country twice in 2015, has now revealed how the introduction of western cultural trends is posing a problem for the authorities.
He said: ‘I read so many things about chadors and the rules in Iran, I wanted to see the things by myself and to ask directly the people how they have to deal with this.
‘Iranians women are crazy about selfies and Instagram, so pictures are familiar to everybody.'
However, Eric also found that traditional gender roles were still at play. He visited one market in Tehran where market sellers gave women perfume samples through a long syringe, as they are forbidden from touching them.
In some religious places, guards inspect women's faces to ensure they aren't wearing too much make-up. Eric said: ‘I read so many things about chadors and the rules in Iran, I wanted to see the things by myself'
The women customise their look heavily with western-style sunglasses. Reflecting on his two visits to Iran in 2015, photographer Eric said: ‘I saw many situations where the women had problems with the religious police'
One Iranian woman eschews traditional black clothing in favour of a leopard print robe and matching headscarf as she snaps a photo on her iPhone. Eric says Iranian women are breaking boundaries of traditional fashion
Smile for the camera: The introduction of iPhones and Instagram is influencing the younger generation to break the rules with branded chadors (traditionally a plain black cloth garment), make-up and accessories
Two Iranian women sport bright, colourful clothing with cinched-in waists. Eric said: ‘In Iran, the local law makes a lot of women appear to have the same silhouette, but they invent some personal way to look different'
He added: ‘I saw many situations where the women had problems with the religious police.' He claimed that in some religious places, guards even inspect women's faces to ensure they aren't wearing too much make-up
Experimenting with make up and undergoing facial surgery, particularly nose jobs, is not uncommon in Iran, as women want to ensure their faces look unique in contrast to their modest clothing.
The country has also seen a surge in fake designer goods, from Louis Vuitton smartphone cases to colourful, sequin-covered headscarves.
Eric said: ‘In Iran, the local law makes a lot of women appear to have the same silhouette, but they invent some personal way to look different.'
Two young Iranian women sport Louis Vuitton-inspired headscarves. The country has also seen a surge in fake designer goods, from Louis Vuitton smartphone cases to colourful, sequin-covered scarves and chadors
Social media-savvy Iranian women pose for a photo. According to Eric, the authorities see the rebellion against modest dress as ‘a cultural problem' and consider it to be ‘a blind imitation of the vulgar culture of the west'
The authorities claim that the rebellion against modest dress ‘poses a cultural problem' and consider it to be ‘a blind imitation of the vulgar culture of the west.
Eric revealed that thousands of police have been tasked with stopping the trend from spreading.
He said: ‘Recently, more than 70,000 policemen were sent to crack down on western cultural invasion. But they cannot look everywhere.'
According to the photographer, thousands of police have been tasked with stopping the trend of westernisation from spreading. Eric said: ‘More than 70,000 policemen were sent to crack down on western cultural invasion'
Jon Gabriel (a.k.a., @ExJon on Twitter) is the Editor-in-Chief of Ricochet. He is a political writer and marketing consultant, contributing articles to The Wall Street Journal, The New York Post, and USA Today among others. Until 2012, he served as Director of Marketing for the free-market Goldwater Institute, where he converted policy initiatives into compelling stories. In the private sector, Jon led marketing efforts for Cold Stone Creamery, Honeywell, and several technology companies. In his… [more]
A Brooklyn movie theater recently scheduled a special screening of Wonder Woman open only to women. Cinema/dining chain Alamo Drafthouse said on their website, “Apologies, gentlemen, but we're embracing our girl power and saying ‘No Guys Allowed' for several special shows at the Alamo Downtown Brooklyn. And when we say ‘Women (and people who identify as women) only,' we mean it.”
Movie fan (and my Conservatarians podcast partner-in-crime) Stephen Miller decided he wanted to see a new superhero flick, so he bought a ticket online. Upon sharing this rather mundane act, the Internet exploded, as is its wont.
I hope this story ends with a lifetime ban from Alamo theaters. https://t.co/JqBMJGvVLG — BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) May 27, 2017
*tannoy* can Stephen Miller's mommy please come to the sandpit he has soiled himself for attention https://t.co/hv865Rfnxx — David Lewis (@davidclewis) May 27, 2017
Yes but you are also barging into a space you've been asked not to enter, and doing it for lulz. This is a rapist's mentality. https://t.co/38Ql0Lg5hE — Jordan Hoffman (@jhoffman) May 27, 2017
Of course, there were thousands more entertaining tweets, but their ubiquitous profanity violates Ricochet's Code of Conduct. To each attack, Miller stressed he has no interest in making a scene; he just wants to sit down and watch Wonder Woman.
Of course, his calmness created even more outrage. A.V. Club writer William Hughes wrote the first of sure to be many think-pieces on this calumny:
As Miller has delighted in telling people irritated by his decision—in that “I am speaking calmly, so you must be the [expletive]” tone so beloved by internet trolls—there's nothing illegal about purchasing a ticket to a screening. That argument does, though, gloss over the fact that, while barging into a space you've been asked to stay out of just because that request made you feel briefly tiny and weak doesn't make you a criminal, it does make you an insecure piece of [expletive].”
Alamo Drafthouse is in a bit of a pickle here. New York City law strictly prohibits them from discriminating by gender:
In fact, New York City prohibits even advertising women-only events, meaning that Alamo is already in violation of the law.
@redsteeze Better to cite the statute itself https://t.co/FKi6QBiuS5 note that the ad already is a violation of the law pic.twitter.com/ahefjj5Ity — (((Aaron Worthing))) (@AaronWorthing) May 27, 2017
After years of progressives demanding that businesses bake cakes and open bathrooms, it's cathartic to see them reverse their position when it offends their consciences. Miller is offering them a minor, even friendly, clinic on the brave new world they have created.
And I'm sure he'll provide a thorough review of the screening when he returns to our podcast.
Vice President Biden has called on Democrats to limit the role of big money in the primary season, reflecting at length on the "corrosive impact of massive amounts of money."
"Folks, we ought to start in our own party. You ought to be demanding of all of us, all of us, because at least in our own party fights among ourselves, in primaries, that we adhere to a policy that doesn't rest on millionaires and billionaires," Biden said Thursday during a speech in Washington.
"They're good people. They're not bad, per se," Biden said to those gathered at the Generation Progress National Summit. "But it's a hell of a way to run a democracy." "So the first place you got to start is in the Democratic Party. No matter how much you love me or somebody else, you have to demand of us that we demonstrate that we understand," he said.
"I know a lot of people are going to read into this part of what I'm saying something I'm not intending. I'm not talking about any individual. I really am not," Biden said.
His address to a crowd of young activists came hours after Wednesday night's deadline for filing finance reports, which showed Clinton's campaign bringing in nearly $47 million in its first three months.
Of that, $30.8 million, or 67 percent, came from donors giving the maximum $2,700 for an individual and $8.1 million from those giving $200 or less, according to analysis from the nonpartisan Campaign Finance Institute. Her campaign touted that 94 percent of donations were $250 or less.
Among her opponents for the Democratic presidential nomination, 77 percent of Sen. Bernie Sanders's (I-Vt.) contributions, $10.5 million, came in donations of $200 or less, while 69 percent of former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley 's donations, $1.4 million, came from those giving the $2,700 limit, according to the institute's analysis.
"We can do something about the corrosive impact of massive amounts of money. We can demand that the people we support don't yield to millionaires and billionaires. Take their money in limited amounts, but what are we doing?" Biden asked Thursday.
Bush's Torture Rationale Debunked
President Bush in September 2006: "We knew that Zubaydah had more information that could save innocent lives, but he stopped talking.... so the CIA used an alternative set of procedures." (Rich Lipski -- The Washington Post)
Abu Zubaida was the alpha and omega of the Bush administration's argument for torture.
That's why Sunday's front-page Washington Post story by Peter Finn and Joby Warrick is such a blow to the last remaining torture apologists.
Finn and Warrick reported that "not a single significant plot was foiled" as a result of Zubaida's brutal treatment -- and that, quite to the contrary, his false confessions "triggered a series of alerts and sent hundreds of CIA and FBI investigators scurrying in pursuit of phantoms."
Zubaida was the first detainee to be tortured at the direct instruction of the White House. Then he was President George W. Bush's Exhibit A in defense of the "enhanced interrogation" procedures that constituted torture. And he continues to be held up as a justification for torture by its most ardent defenders.
But as author Ron Suskind reported almost three years ago -- and as The Post now confirms -- almost all the key assertions the Bush administration made about Zubaida were wrong.
Zubaida wasn't a major al Qaeda figure. He wasn't holding back critical information. His torture didn't produce valuable intelligence -- and it certainly didn't save lives.
All the calculations the Bush White House claims to have made in its decision to abandon long-held moral and legal strictures against abusive interrogation turn out to have been profoundly flawed, not just on a moral basis but on a coldly practical one as well.
Indeed, the Post article raises the even further disquieting possibility that intentional cruelty was part of the White House's motive.
The most charitable interpretation at this point of the decision to torture is that it was a well-intentioned overreaction of people under enormous stress whose only interest was in protecting the people of the United States. But there's always been one big problem with that theory: While torture works on TV, knowledgeable intelligence professionals and trained interrogators know that in the real world, it's actually ineffective and even counterproductive. The only thing it's really good as it's getting false confessions.
So why do it? Some social psychologists (see, for instance, Kevin M. Carlsmith on NiemanWatchdog.org) have speculated that the real motivation for torture is retribution.
And now someone with first-hand knowledge is suggesting that was a factor in Zubaida's case.
Quoting a "former Justice Department official closely involved in the early investigation of Abu Zubaida," Finn and Warwick write that the pressure on CIA interrogators "from upper levels of the government was 'tremendous,' driven in part by the routine of daily meetings in which policymakers would press for updates...
"'They couldn't stand the idea that there wasn't anything new,' the official said. 'They'd say, "You aren't working hard enough." There was both a disbelief in what he was saying and also a desire for retribution -- a feeling that 'He's going to talk, and if he doesn't talk, we'll do whatever.'"'
The Post story also makes it clear that some people with great reality-denying skills remain at the upper levels of the government: "Some U.S. officials remain steadfast in their conclusion that Abu Zubaida possessed, and gave up, plenty of useful information about al-Qaeda," Finn and Warwick write.
"'It's simply wrong to suggest that Abu Zubaida wasn't intimately involved with al-Qaeda,' said a U.S. counterterrorism official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because much about Abu Zubaida remains classified. 'He was one of the terrorist organization's key facilitators, offered new insights into how the organization operated, provided critical information on senior al-Qaeda figures...and identified hundreds of al-Qaeda members. How anyone can minimize that information -- some of the best we had at the time on al-Qaeda -- is beyond me.'"
But who are these people? How can they still possibly believe this given all the evidence to the contrary? What are they doing still in government?
Author and investigative reporter Suskind first exposed the rampant fallacies of the administration's Zubaida narrative in his explosive June 2006 book, The One Percent Doctrine. See my June 20, 2006 column for a summary.
But mainstream news organizations, unable to match Suskind's sources, largely refused to acknowledge his reporting.
Indeed, in September 2006, when the White House for the first time publicly acknowledged the existence of a secret CIA detention and interrogation program, Bush had no qualms about putting Zubaida front and center.
In a major speech, he proudly described how Zubaida -- "a senior terrorist leader and a trusted associate of Osama bin Laden" -- was questioned using the CIA's new "alternative set of procedures" and then "'began to provide information on key al Qaeda operatives."
All lies and euphemisms. But all reported pretty much straight at the time by a mainstream media that, if it noted Suskind's reporting at all, did so as an afterthought.
There's no doubt that Zubaida's capture in spring 2002 was what sent the administration down the path to state-sanctioned torture. Last April, ABC News reported that starting right after his capture, top Bush aides including Vice President Dick Cheney micromanaged his interrogation from the White House basement. "The high-level discussions about these 'enhanced interrogation techniques' were so detailed," ABC's sources said, "some of the interrogation sessions were almost choreographed -- down to the number of times CIA agents could use a specific tactic." Bush has acknowledged he was aware of those meetings at the time.
Techniques that created damage short of "the level of death, organ failure, or the permanent impairment of a significant body function" were later authorized in an August 2002 Justice Department memo, known as the Torture Memo.
Just two weeks ago, in a New York Review of Books article based on a confidential report from the International Committee of the Red Cross, Mark Danner described the techniques used on Zubaida in harrowing detail.
Here is what Zubaida told the ICRC, via Danner: "'I was taken out of my cell and one of the interrogators wrapped a towel around my neck; they then used it to swing me around and smash me repeatedly against the hard walls of the room.'
"The prisoner was then put in a coffin-like black box, about 4 feet by 3 feet and 6 feet high, 'for what I think was about one and a half to two hours.' He added: The box was totally black on the inside as well as the outside.... They put a cloth or cover over the outside of the box to cut out the light and restrict my air supply. It was difficult to breathe. When I was let out of the box I saw that one of the walls of the room had been covered with plywood sheeting. From now on it was against this wall that I was then smashed with the towel around my neck. I think that the plywood was put there to provide some absorption of the impact of my body. The interrogators realized that smashing me against the hard wall would probably quickly result in physical injury.'"
It goes on and on. Waterboarding -- and Zubaida is one of three detainees known to have been subjected to that notorious torture technique -- was only a part of it.
Bush's personal investment in Zubaida was obvious even in public statements. As early as April 9, 2002, Bush bragged to fellow Republicans at a political fundraiser: "The other day we hauled in a guy named Abu Zubaydah. He's one of the top operatives plotting and planning death and destruction on the United States. He's not plotting and planning anymore. He's where he belongs."
In a June 6, 2002, address, Bush called Zubaida al Qaeda's "chief of operations" and said that "[f]rom him and from hundreds of others, we are learning more about how the terrorists plan and operate, information crucial in anticipating and preventing future attacks."
At a Republican fundraiser on October 14, 2002, Bush called Zubaida "one of the top three leaders in the organization."
But according to Suskind, even as Bush was publicly proclaiming Zubaida's malevolence, he was privately being briefed about doubts within the intelligence community regarding Zubaida's significance -- and mental stability. Suskind quotes the following exchange between Bush and then-CIA director George Tenet:
"'I said he was important,' Bush said to Tenet at one of their daily meetings. 'You're not going to let me lose face on this, are you?'
"'No Sir, Mr. President.'"
And on the Guardian Web site today, Brent Mickum, an attorney who represents Zubaida, writes: "For many years, Abu Zubaydah's name has been synonymous with the war on terror because of repeated false statements made by the Bush administration, the majority of which were known to be false when uttered....
"[T]he man described by President Bush and others within his administration as a 'top operative', the 'number three person' in al-Qaida, and al-Qaida's 'chief of operations' was never even a member of al-Qaida, much less an individual who was among its 'inner circle'."
I've written extensively about Zubaida before, and about how the facts of his case as unearthed by Suskind thoroughly undermine the Bush administration's arguments. See, for instance, my Dec. 18, 2007 column, Exhibit A for Torture, in which I suggested that "Bush's Exhibit A in defense of torture may in fact be an exhibit for the prosecution." We learned in December 2007 that the CIA had destroyed videotapes of its secret interrogations -- 92 in all, it turns out, 90 of them of Zubaida. In February 2008, I wrote about how the White House's torture argument had now officially become that the ends justify the means.
Over the years, I've made something of a point of debunking the Bush White House's unsupported assertions that any really useful information was gleaned from torture.
And earlier this year, I got into a back-and-forth with one of the remaining torture apologists, former Bush speechwriter Marc Thiessen. Thiessen wrote a particularly strident Washington Post op-ed on January 22, in which he asserted that President Obama's torture ban would "effectively kill a program that stopped al-Qaeda from launching another Sept. 11-style attack." I explained that Thiessen was making stuff up. Thiessen posted a heated response on the National Review Web site, which I debunked in this post.
Thiessen unsurprisingly responded yesterday to the Post story, calling it a product of "The Left's assault on the CIA program" and warning darkly that "if America is attacked again, those responsible for the disclosure of this information will bear much of the blame."
His attempted rebuttal to the Post's reporting, however, is laughable. "[W]hat Abu Zubaydah disclosed to the CIA during this period was that the fact that KSM [Khalid Sheikh Mohammed] was the mastermind behind the 9/11 attacks and that his code name was 'Muktar'," Thiessen writes. "This information provided by Zubaydah was a critical piece of the puzzle that allowed them to pursue and eventually capture KSM....
"This fact, in and of itself, discredits the premise of the Post story – to suggest that the capture of KSM was not information that 'foiled plots' to attack America is absurd on the face of it."
But Thiessen's case falls apart under even the mildest scrutiny. According to the 9-11 Commission report, for instance, the CIA had connected KSM to the alias "Mukhtar" on August 28, 2001 -- seven months before Zubaida was captured, and two weeks before 9/11.
Of course the prime torture apologist remains Cheney, who as recently as two weeks ago asserted in a CNN interview that the administration's interrogation tactics had saved lives. Asked to prove it, he replied lamely: "I've seen a report that was written based upon the intelligence that we collected then that itemizes the specific attacks that were stopped by virtue of what we learned through those programs. It's still classified. I can't give you the details of it without violating classification, but I can say there were a great many of them."
And, finally, in other torture-related news, Marlise Simons writes for the New York Times: "A Spanish court has taken the first steps toward opening a criminal investigation into allegations that six former high-level Bush administration officials violated international law by providing the legal framework to justify the torture of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, an official close to the case said....
"The move represents a step toward ascertaining the legal accountability of top Bush administration officials for allegations of torture and mistreatment of prisoners in the campaign against terrorism. But some American experts said that even if warrants were issued their significance could be more symbolic than practical, and that it was a near certainty that the warrants would not lead to arrests if the officials did not leave the United States."
The complaint names former attorney general Albert Gonzales, fomer Justice Department officials John C. Yoo and Jay S. Bybee, former under secretary of defense for policy Douglas J. Feith, former general counsel for the Department of Defense William J. Haynes II, and former vice presidential chief of staff and legal adviser David S. Addington.
Originally Posted by Lalliman Originally Posted by
This didn't strike me as overpowered because the charm ends when the target becomes your Best Friend, and they become your Best Friend when they pet you, which is what this feature invites them to do. In practice the feature just compels people to approach and become your Best Friend, and then the effect ends. The practical applications would be a) ensuring that you can talk to someone you just met or b) if you're a Bad Dog, meeting the prerequisites for Sneak Attack.
You can't really use the charm effect to manipulate people because they can't understand you until they become your Best Friend and the effect ends. And it's not very useful in combat either, because the charm ends when you attack, and it does nothing to prevent the targets from attacking your allies.
It is potentially exploitable in combination with Uncanny Dog though.
Global positioning system (GPS) users, be warned—Ford has its eyes on you.
A top executive at the carmaker told a panel discussion at the CES trade show in Las Vegas that the tracking system installed in cars allows Ford to know when drivers are speeding—and where they are when they do it, according to a report in Business Insider.
Ford's global vice president of marketing and sales, Jim Farley, said that the No. 2 U.S. automaker knows "everyone who breaks the law, we know when you're doing it. We have GPS in your car, so we know what you're doing," according to the report. "By the way, we don't supply that data to anyone."
He added that there might be a day when data might be used anonymously, and as part of ways to help marketers with traffic-related problems.
For the full story, please click here.
--By CNBC
I first came across Ridhuan's Muslim Delights in a video a colleague sent, and the first thing that caught my eye was halal… zichar?
For those who aren't familiar with the term, zichar is a type of Chinese cuisine that involves a lot of woks, large fires, and quite a few pork dishes. Commonly found zichar dish would be hor fun, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, and so on.
A second interesting point about this stall is that the owner, Muhammad Ridhuan Kho, was actually born Alex Kho Kiat Eng.
Ridhuan's Muslim Delights is in its essence, a story of love.
A love for a Muslim lady and a love for food.
Ridhuan's Muslim Delights
A stall in an industrial canteen in Tuas, you'd expect many of Ridhuan's customers to be people working in the area, which is true.
But this industrial canteen stall also sees many Singaporeans journeying to the West just to support the stall owner, Ridhuan, and all because of one viral Facebook post.
The store is halal-certified, but serves up many Chinese dishes that have been re-invented to suit Muslims.
And according to The Halal Eater, at $4 to $4.50 each, the food is well worth the money (and the wait).
Converting To Islam
Sarawak-born, Ridhuan was working in Singapore as a Chinese food cook when he met his wife at a Muslim coffee shop in Tampines.
“We met in 2010, I converted in 2012, and we got married in 2014,” he tells me.
As expected of many interracial relationships, their marital union did not come smoothly, and in order to continue the relationship, Alex Kho made the decision to become Muhammad Ridhuan Kho.
Ridhuan also gave up working as a Chinese food cook but when his first child came, the couple met with financial difficulties – a plight that forced Ridhuan back into a Chinese kitchen where he toiled 16 hours each day.
It was “not that difficult” to resume cooking Chinese food, Ridhuan says. “I just needed to change some ingredients to be halal.”
He eventually managed to find a store in Tuas that was halal-certified, but there Ridhuan soon found that the owner “had no respect for other religions”.
“He broke the law of running a halal kitchen and I did not want to be his accomplice. That's why I quit the job and opened my own stall.”
A Changed Life
It was after Ridhuan found a friend in a grocery supplier – Melvin – that the idea for his own stall took root.
Believing in Ridhuan's culinary skills, Melvin invested $6,000 to help the cook open his own stall at Benoi Road.
Today, Ridhuan's Muslim Delights is just 4 months old, and Ridhuan has already managed to pay back the $6,000 in whole.
All the recipes he now serves were invented by him, with the Butter Cream Chicken Rice and Salted Egg Chicken Rice being the best-sellers.
A Cook's Delight
The original viral Facebook post was “unexpected”, Ridhuan says, and he received many customers for it.
“It was tiring at first, but now I am enjoying it as I get to meet a lot of people. I'm really thankful for those who come down to support me even although they do not know me. And to Melvin, I'm also very thankful for him supporting me all this time.”
“I'm much happier now that I get to share good food with people, regardless of race.”
Ridhuan's Muslim Delights might be a little out of the way, but considering the long queues and many thumbs ups Ridhuan gets, it might be worth the journey to the West.
Ridhuan's Muslim Delights
25 Benoi Road Singapore 629914
Mon-Fri: 10:30am – 06:30pm (closed 1-2pm for Friday prayers)
Saturday: 09:30am to 02:00pm
Featured Image Credit: Muhammad Ridhuan Kho
Turkey's President Tayyip Erdoğan speaks during the World Economic Forum Special Meeting on Unlocking Resources for Regional Development in Istanbul September 28, 2014. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will fight against Islamic State and other “terrorist” groups in the region but will stick to its aim of seeing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad removed from power, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Wednesday .
The advance of Islamic State insurgents to within sight of the Turkish army on the Syrian border has piled pressure on Ankara to play a greater role in the U.S.-led coalition carrying out air strikes against the insurgents in Syria and Iraq.
“We will fight effectively against both (Islamic State) and all other terrorist organisations within the region; this will always be our priority,” Erdoğan said in a speech at the opening of parliament.
“We will (also) continue to prioritise our aim to remove the Syrian regime, to help protect the territorial integrity of Syria and to encourage a constitutional, parliamentary government system which embraces all (of its) citizens.”
Turkey shares a 1,200 km (750-mile) border with Iraq and Syria and is already struggling with 1.5 million refugees from the Syrian war alone.
It deployed tanks and armoured vehicles on the border with Syria this week as fighting intensified and the government has sent a proposal to parliament which would extend its powers to authorise cross-border military incursions.
But it fears that U.S.-led air strikes, if not accompanied by a broader political strategy, could strengthen Assad and bolster Kurdish militants allied to Kurds in Turkey who have fought for three decades for greater autonomy.
“Tons of air bombs will only delay the threat and danger,” Erdoğan said, adding that the safe return of Syrian refugees in Turkey was also a priority.
“We are open and ready for any cooperation in the fight against terrorism. However, it should be understood by everybody that Turkey is not a country in pursuit of temporary solutions nor will Turkey allow others to take advantage of it.”
Martha Stewart's daughter Alexis welcomes second child to the world after overcoming costly struggle to have a baby
She has had a traumatic and expensive struggle in her bid to become a mother.
But Martha Stewart's daughter Alexis has just welcomed her second child to the world.
Her baby son Truman, who was born yesterday via a surrogate, will be a little brother to daughter Jude.
Baby boy joy: Martha Stewart (L) has become a grandmother for the second time after daughter Alexis has welcomed a little boy
Alexis's daughter, who was also born through surrogacy, celebrated her first birthday today.
It makes domestic guru Martha Stewart a grandmother for the second time.
Alexis, 46, spent five difficult years trying to have a child before Jude was born via a surrogate mother.
Siblings: Like his older sister Jude (pictured), Truman was born via a surrogate
Before that, surrogates who carried for Alexis miscarried a heart-breaking four times.
'I refused to get excited about [the baby],' she has said of the previous disappointment.
During one of the pregnancies, 'we went for the second test and there was no heartbeat,' Alexis shared.
Long road to motherhood: Alexis has had an expensive struggle in her bid to have a baby
'So every time I went to get a sonogram with Jude, I would have that "I can't stand up" feeling. I related the sonogram to something horrible.'
At one point during the process, Alexis was spending $27,000 a month for in vitro fertilisation treatment with an additional $6,000 for the drugs that stimulated egg production.
CLEVELAND -- LeBron James missed the Cleveland Cavaliers' shootaround with illness and is questionable for the team's home game against the Indiana Pacers on Friday night.
James, who attended the team's practice on Thursday, last missed a game on Feb. 27, which also was against the Pacers. He has missed 11 games this season -- mostly to rest a sore back and wrist -- and the Cavs are just 2-9 in those games.
The Pacers, who are on a three-game losing streak, have fallen out of playoff position in the Eastern Conference. Over the past month they have played the Oklahoma City Thunder without Kevin Durant, the New Orleans Pelicans without Anthony Davis, the Golden State Warriors without Stephen Curry and the Cavs without James and Kyrie Irving in a seven-point win on Feb. 27.
The Cavs are currently on a 14-game home winning streak.
A federal judge potentially limited First Amendment free-speech rights to take video of police activity in public places.
The case involved the rights of citizens in a non-journalistic capacity to take video of police activity, Cherri Gregg reported for CBS News. Most courts, including those in Boston, Atlanta, and Chicago, have given citizens an almost unfettered right to photograph or take video from public property, provided their doing so does not interfere with actual police work.
District Judge Mark Kearney wrote that videographers must establish a more credible reason for filming, according to the Philly Law Blog:
We find no basis to craft a new First Amendment right based solely on "observing and recording" without expressive conduct and, consistent with the teachings of the Supreme Court and our Court of Appeals, decline to do so today.... We have not found, and the experienced counsel have not cited, any case in the Supreme Court or this Circuit finding citizens have a First Amendment right to record police conduct without any stated purpose of being critical of the government.
The judge's ruling responded to two similar cases in which citizen videography was challenged by police. One, Richard Fields, told police he simply wanted a good photo when he saw a crowd of police in front of a house party. The other case featured Amanda Geraci, a trained police observer who was filming a protest over fracking. Police physically restrained both for their actions, which they argued violated their First Amendment rights.
Under this ruling, many of the citizen-journalism videos used as evidence in police abuse cases of late would not receive First Amendment protection, wrote Radley Balko for The Washington Post. The videographer or photographer would have needed to inform police of their political intent.
The circumstances that would limit a citizen's videotaping rights under this case are complex and unusual, and free-speech advocates are expressing concerns.
"According to Kearney's logic, standing silently and recording the police is not sufficiently expressive to warrant First Amendment protection," wrote Adam Bates for Cato Institute via Newsweek. "The reasoning behind this distinction is bizarre and is out of step with rulings in several federal circuits that recording police in public is constitutionally protected without regard for whether the recorder is attempting to make a statement or issue a challenge to law enforcement."
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has already announced its plan to appeal to the 3rd US Circuit Court of Appeals. The ACLU has reservations about ubiquitous cameras and their possible impact on everyday life, but the organization has supported use of police body cameras, provided checks protect the privacy of officer downtime and civilian life.
"The freedom to monitor the police without fearing arrest or retaliation is one of the ways we distinguish a free society from a police state," Reggie Shuford, director of the ACLU in Pennsylvania, said in a press statement. "Every court that has addressed this issue has ruled that the right to record the police performing their duties in public is at the core of what the First Amendment protects."
The understanding of the First Amendment has previously included a general right to take photos in any public place where citizens can legally be, wrote Bert Krages, an attorney in Oregon, in a 2003 guide to "The Photographer's Right."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"Absent a specific legal prohibition such as a statute or ordinance, you are legally entitled to take photographs," Mr. Krages wrote.
This ruling appears to challenge this idea, pending an appeal.
(CNN) In the US Senate, the tax bill could fail or succeed based off of the votes of just a handful of members. After recess this week, Senators will return from Thanksgiving and move immediately to vote on a plan that would permanently lower the corporate tax rate, temporarily lower rates across the middle-class and would drastically reshape the country's tax code.
But, the math is tough. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is moving forward with a Senate process that only allows him to lose two members and still pass his bill. Already one member has announced he's opposed and another is leaning against the bill. That means that in the next two weeks, McConnell has to hold his conference together or be faced with yet another failure on one of the GOP's top campaign promises.
Here are the players to watch.
Sen. Ron Johnson
The Wisconsin Senator made major news last week when he became the first member of the Republican Party to come out against the Senate's tax bill . Johnson's problem with the legislation boils down to his concern about the way the Senate bill treats pass-through entities versus how it treats corporations. Under the bill, Johnson has argued that small businesses -- many of whom use the pass-through structure to pay taxes-- aren't getting a fair deal.
"I'm just looking for a fair shake for all businesses to maintain the competitive balance and position of all businesses," Johnson told CNN, later adding: "I'm not for the current version."
Businesses who use the pass-through structure to pay taxes range from small businesses to larger companies, but the term means that business profit is passed onto the owner of the company or the shareholders who then pay taxes as personal income.
Johnson has said he could get to "yes," but without Johnson's vote, McConnell can only lose one more Republican member and still pass his tax bill.
Sen. Jeff Flake
When the Arizona Republican announced last month that he wouldn't be running for re-election , he solidified his wild card status for the remainder of his term. Flake has long been known for his opposition to President Donald Trump, and though Flake has supported a number of key Republican votes this year, he has still been harshly critical of the White House and refuses to tow the party line when it comes to messaging -- making him unpredictable at times.
JUST WATCHED Flake caught on hot mic talking about Trump Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Flake caught on hot mic talking about Trump 01:12
Trump blasted Flake Sunday night on Twitter after the Arizona senator was caught criticizing Trump and Alabama Senate hopeful Roy Moore. Trump asserted that Flake was a "no" on tax reform, even though Flake hasn't definitively said how he'll vote on the bill. Flake reiterated his concerns Monday in a radio interview with KFYI that tax reform could explode the debt. "So I'm going to balance this reform package with that in mind," he said.
Flake said that "what the President does or says or feels has nothing to do whatsoever with how" he will vote on the tax bill.
Sen. Susan Collins
JUST WATCHED Collins wants to 'skew' tax bill away from rich Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Collins wants to 'skew' tax bill away from rich 01:50
"I don't think that provision should be in the bill. I hope the Senate will follow the lead of the House and strike it," she said, arguing that the move would increase premiums and offset any tax relief for middle income families.
Collins has established herself as an independent Republican who's not a guaranteed "yes" for her party on major bills. She opposed multiple attempts by Republicans this summer to repeal the Affordable Care Act, for example.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski
When Republicans added the individual mandate repeal, all eyes also turned to Murkowski, who joined with Collins and Sen. John McCain to oppose similar legislation earlier this summer . Republicans, however, are optimistic that Murkowski will still sign onto the tax reform bill, even if it includes the health care provision.
That's because the tax bill, due to arcane Senate rules, will be combined with a bill that recently passed out of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. Murkowski, who chairs the committee, has long tried to pass this bill, which approves drilling in Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Murkowski said Thursday that she worries about bringing the individual mandate into the tax reform debate. "Both pieces of those are complicated and together they become more complicated," she said.
But Murkowski realizes that if she votes against the tax bill, she'd be voting against opening up ANWR -- "which would not be something that I would want."
Sen. John McCain
So far McCain has not signaled any alarms that he might vote against the bill. While McCain has upheld his maverick status this year — teaming up with Collins and Murkowski to defeat the mandate repeal, for example — he hasn't expressed any major concerns about the tax reform bill.
In a statement Friday, he applauded the Senate Finance Committee for passing the bill through "regular order," meaning it spent four days in markup and considered amendments. That was not the case with the health care bill effort this summer and it was a big reason why McCain voted against it in the end.
Still, McCain has made it clear that he wants to see the entire bill, including any changes to it that might happen on the Senate floor, before he states his position. So Republicans still consider him a wild card until they have a better idea of what exactly McCain wants to see in the bill.
Sen. Bob Corker
The Tennessee Republican has said all along he will not support a bill that adds one penny to the deficit, but Corker hasn't come out as a definitive "yes" or "no" on the tax bill just yet.
Part of the reasons is that Corker is concerned about how the Senate tax bill is structured. In the bill, many of the individual tax breaks that help the middle-class would expire in 2025.
That's done in order to ensure the bill doesn't add to the deficit outside the 10-year window, which is not allowed under Senate rules if Republicans want to pass it with a simple majority. But it's more of a budget gimmick. Republicans have said that when the time comes, they won't really let the cuts expire, but that has created cause for concern for lawmakers like Corker who has made fiscally responsible tax cuts a condition of his vote.
"I met with Mnuchin today. I continue to talk to the tax writers. I haven't spoken to a single piece of policy on it. It's just a broader picture of, you know, I just want to make sure this is something that is going to strengthen our country over time," Corker told CNN last week. "But I haven't taken a position on the bill yet. I'm still working with folks to see if there is some way to be ensured that, as it relates to the deficit issue, we're not going to create harm."
Sen. Rand Paul
Few lawmakers are the kind of wild card that Sen. Rand Paul, whom leadership is keeping a close eye on but isn't sure they will be able to convince, is. After suffering severe injuries after a neighbor allegedly attacked him , Paul has not been as visible on Capitol Hill as he's been in debates past, but he remains a key vote.
Here's what we know: Paul had been one of the members who demanded that the repeal of the individual mandate be included in the tax bill. That provision was added last week. But, that doesn't mean we can automatically assume Paul will be a"yes."
When asked whether the Kentucky Republican supports the bill, an aide to Paul told CNN on Monday, "He will likely support."
Hop in your car. Roll down the windows. And cruise south down state Highway 39 toward the Pacific Ocean.
As you travel along the eastern edge of north Orange County – particularly through Buena Park, Anaheim and Stanton – you'll notice remnants of mid-century Southern California, when cars with tailfins dominated, and freeways were not yet part of the region's identity.
You'll pass decades-old motels, with tall, neon signs illuminating exotic names meant to lure traveling salesmen and tourists: the Sahara, the Moonlight, the Jade Palace. Also: car dealerships, auto shops, fast food chains and the occasional bar.
And there's Knott's Berry Farm, the heart of Highway 39:
Welcome to Beach Boulevard.
“It's been the center of Southern California for years,” said Terry Cutler, 57, whose parents moved to Stanton in 1968, when he was 8 years old.
Beach Boulevard, to Orange County residents of a certain age, is an old friend: “Orange County grew out from it.”
But Beach is past its prime. Many of the motels are rundown. Land and stores are vacant.
Beach's descent into economic stagnation, said Buena Park Councilman Fred Smith, “Started in the ‘70s, got really bad in the ‘80s and was unbearable going into the ‘90s.”
But now, Beach is under the knife. Buena Park, Anaheim and Stanton have gained momentum revamping their stretches of the boulevard, buying up trashy motels, luring innovative developers, repaving asphalt and offering incentives to get businesses to remodel.
In short, local officials want to give Beach a second heyday.
“It's already changed a lot,” said Naresh Patel, 65, who has owned the Sahara Motel since 2000. “There used to be a lot of crime, drug users and prostitution. Improving the area will only help.”
Pre-freeway idyll
Highway 39, linked in 1934 to connect north Los Angeles County to southeast Orange County, was an idyllic scene for motorists in pre-suburban Orange County; 50 miles of thoroughfare banding together cities that now have little else in common.
In the ‘50s and ‘60s, when the rains came, the boulevard flooded and kids floated on homemade rafts. Teens bummed rides to the beach.
Knott's grew and shined – but the roadway leading to it became littered with potholes; junked cars lined the boulevard. Rents went up, and families that couldn't make ends meet traded apartments for Beach Boulevard motel rooms.
“My mom talks about cruising Beach when she was younger,” said Roy Hendricks, 36, a Buena Park lifer. “But it's not like that anymore.”
Hendricks, sitting after work on a barstool in Cups, said he gets nervous when his daughter is out and about. Nearby alleys still host addicts.
“But I'm glad to see it's changing,” he said. Finally.
Buena Park purchased and demolished many of the budget motels, with plans to rebuild. In 2012, as the country was climbing out of the Great Recession, the city began selling those lots to developers.
The plan, Economic Director Ruben Lopez said, was to refresh Buena Park's entertainment corridor, offering a bite or nightcap for folks leaving Medieval Times or Pirate's Dinner Adventure.
One of the first businesses to buy-in was Rock & Brews, the food-and-beer chain launched by two members of the rock band KISS.
Then came adjacent Porto's Bakery & Cafe, a renowned Cuban franchise known for savory food and lines like you wouldn't believe.
At Beach and Orangethorpe Avenue is the city's greatest investment in its entertainment corridor: The Source, a $325 million, 500,000-square-foot entertainment complex with a cutting-edge movie theater, fine-dining restaurants and upscale shops.
“It's a neat corridor,” said Jim Vanderpool, Buena Park city manager. “It's great that it's getting the attention it deserves.”
Ian Taylor, who opened a baseball card shop a mile south of Knott's 25 years ago, and remembers well the corridor's seediness, agrees.
“I think what the city has done over the past few years is impressive,” Taylor said. “They've made Buena Park a place people have no problem coming to or visiting.”
The future is coming
And more is in the planning.
“When we first moved in, it was bad,” said Larry Schurtz, 55, who works at Lucky John's and shacked up at the Tahiti Motel with his wife, Annie, about 5 years ago. “But the manager cleaned it up. He kicked out the drug users and the prostitutes.”
The Orange County Sheriff's Department, which patrols for the city of Stanton, played a role in that as well, he said.
Stanton officials had wanted to improve their stretch of Beach for years. But as a city of fewer than 40,000 residents, and with an older population, Stanton was hit hard by the recession.
Shops boarded up, whole strip malls looked like ghost towns.
But then the economy improved, Stanton voters added a 1 cent sales tax to right the budget, and the City Council approved business rebates to encourage investment. Street improvements are ongoing.
A much-anticipated Del Taco opened Sept. 5. A Wendy's is coming to town, as is a Starbucks. A mixed-use project at Beach and Catherine Avenue will feature a small cafe, a medical clinic and an assisted-living place.
And city officials are eagerly awaiting the development of an abandoned shopping center at Beach and Garden Grove boulevards, vacant for about a decade, but now on the verge of becoming another mixed-use plaza.
Jim Box, Stanton's city manager, envisions Beach becoming an attraction beaming with “shops, people shopping, people eating, living.”
“I see all the core values of daily life occurring on Beach Boulevard.”
Hotel redevelopment
Naresh Patel bought the 39-room Sahara Motel, at Beach and Ball Road in Anaheim, 17 years ago as a retirement property – a place he and his wife could live while also earning enough money to pay for his son's medical-school tuition.
It was tough at first.
“I had to clean it up,” Patel said. Maids would find needles in the rooms. Women would rent a place, and then men would come-and-go throughout the day. The cops were never far away.
“Next time they'd ask for a room,” Patel said, “I'd be polite. But I'd tell them we had no rooms for them.”
In Anaheim, only four of the 18 motels along Beach serve tourists, officials estimate. They are, instead, short- and long-term solutions for those seeking shelter, often drawing illicit behavior.
But teamwork, and some tough love by the cities, has led to improvements.
In 2012, Anaheim residents and business owners partnered with police to brainstorm solutions. Area motel owners banded together, forming “The 39ers,” to overhaul the quality of their properties and clientele.
One hub of police activity, the old Lyndy's Motel, was torn down in early March. Property owner Jeremy Levine plans to construct a state-of-the-art car wash on the 1-acre lot.
“We really believe in the redevelopment of this area,” Levine told the Register at the time. “We were looking for a great location with high traffic, a large population density and no competition within three miles. This is it.”
A 25-acre quarry-turned-landfill, known as the Sinkin' Lincoln, dormant for years because a settling problem needed fixing, now has a buyer envisioning a 270,000-square-foot retail center, plus restaurants, shops and a public plaza.
Across Lincoln, next to the West Anaheim Youth Center, the 44-room Americana Motel – used primarily for sober living residents – is in the city's sights for new housing, with some affordable residential units and shops.
“We want to make a big splash,” said Councilwoman Denise Barnes.
“We see what Buena Park is doing and what Stanton is proposing,” she said. “We want to merge with those two cities and hopefully create a continuing and exciting look along Beach Boulevard.”
In the works
Residents of all three cities could soon get their wish.
In Buena Park, a $25 million butterfly pavilion is planned for the vacant lot once filled by Movieland Wax Museum.
The boutique chain Hotel Stanford is investing $34 million into a 10-story location. A $24 million Aloft Hotel is building across Beach.
Stanton officials believe their city's newest gem, the 11.5-acre Stanton Central Park just off Beach, will bring added traffic to drive business through their stretch of the boulevard.
Anaheim wants its Beach to be a haven for locals; it doesn't need another tourist resort.
Officials from Beach Boulevard cities have been meeting every two months to ensure the road, while fulfilling different needs, can have a rebirth.
“No one's ever really worked together,” Anaheim Mayor Tom Tait said, “and thought about Beach Boulevard as an entity that we could create value around.”
They also brought Caltrans into the discussion – the agency controls state routes – and that came with state grants to improve the area's walkability.
With marketable amenities such as Knott's Berry Farm on its Inland leg and the ocean at the other end, Tait called Beach Boulevard low-hanging fruit.
“Here you have this iconic named street that goes directly to the ocean,” he said. “If you can't make that a cool place to be, you're not trying hard enough.”
This Doppler-radar image seen on TV weather news uses microwaves for local weather forecasting. Shown here is Hurricane Claudette's eye-wall making landfall. Credit: NOAA
MICROWAVES
You may be familiar with microwave images as they are used on TV weather news and you can even use microwaves to cook your food. Microwave ovens work by using microwave about 12 centimeters in length to force water and fat molecules in food to rotate. The interaction of these molecules undergoing forced rotation creates heat, and the food is cooked.
MICROWAVE BANDS
Microwaves are a portion or "band" found at the higher frequency end of the radio spectrum, but they are commonly distinguished from radio waves because of the technologies used to access them. Different wavelengths of microwaves (grouped into "sub-bands") provide different information to scientists. Medium-length (C-band) microwaves penetrate through clouds, dust, smoke, snow, and rain to reveal the Earth's surface. L-band microwaves, like those used by a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver in your car, can also penetrate the canopy cover of forests to measure the soil moisture of rain forests. Most communication satellites use C-, X-, and Ku-bands to send signals to a ground station.
LEFT: The ERS-1 satellite sends out wavelengths about 5.7 cm long (C-band).This image shows sea ice breaking off the shores of Alaska.CENTER: The JERS satellite uses wavelengths about 20 cm in length (L-band).This is an image of the Amazon River in Brazil.RIGHT: This is a radar image acquired from the Space Shuttle. It also used awavelengthin the L-band of the microwave spectrum. Here we see a computerenhanced radarimage of some mountains on the edge of Salt Lake City, Utah.
Microwaves that penetrate haze, light rain and snow, clouds, and smoke are beneficial for satellite communication and studying the Earth from space. The SeaWinds instrument onboard the Quick Scatterometer (QuikSCAT) satellite uses radar pulses in the Ku-band of the microwave spectrum. This scatterometer measures changes in the energy of the microwave pulses and can determine speed and direction of wind near the ocean surface. The ability of microwaves to pass through clouds enables scientists to monitor conditions underneath a hurricane.
Credit: NASA image courtesy the QuikSCAT Science Team at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory
The Japanese Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer for EOS (AMSR-E) instrument onboard NASA's Aqua satellite can acquire high-resolution microwave measurements of the entire polar region every day, even through clouds and snowfall. Credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio
ACTIVE REMOTE SENSING
Radar technology is considered an active remote sensing system because it actively sends a microwave pulse and senses the energy reflected back. Doppler Radar, Scatterometers, and Radar Altimeters are examples of active remote sensing instruments that use microwave frequencies.
The radar altimeter onboard the joint NASA/CNES (French space agency) Ocean Surface Topography Mission (OSTM)/Jason-2 satellite can determine the height of the sea surface. This radar altimeter beams microwaves at two different frequencies (13.6 and 5.3 GHz) at the sea surface and measures the time it takes the pulses to return to the spacecraft. Combining data from other instruments that calculate the spacecraft's precise altitude and correct for the effect of water vapor on the pulse can determine the sea surface height within just a few centimeters!
Scientists monitor the changes in sea surface height around the world to help measurethe amount of heat stored in the ocean and predict global weather and climate eventssuch as El Niño. Since warm water is less dense than cold water, areas with a highersea surface tend to be warmer than lower areas. The sea surface height image(page 12) shows an area of warm water in the central and eastern Pacific Ocean thatis about 10 to 18 centimeters higher than normal. Such conditions can signify anEl Niño.Credit: NASA/JPL Ocean Surface Topography Team.
PASSIVE REMOTE SENSING
Passive remote sensing refers to the sensing of electromagnetic waves that did not originate from the satellite or instrument itself. The sensor is merely a passive observer collecting electromagnetic radiation. Passive remote sensing instruments onboard satellites have revolutionized weather forecasting by providing a global view of weather patterns and surface temperatures. A microwave imager onboard NASA's Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission (TRMM) can capture data from underneath storm clouds to reveal the underlying rain structure.
Credit: NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio
CLUES TO THE BIG BANG
In 1965, using long, L-band microwaves, Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson, scientists at Bell Labs, made an incredible discovery quite by accident: they detected background noise using a special low-noise antenna. The strange thing about the noise was that it was coming from every direction and did not seem to vary in intensity much at all. If this static were from something on our planet, such as radio transmissions from a nearby airport control tower, it would come only from one direction, not everywhere. The Bell Lab scientists soon realized that they had serendipitously discovered the cosmic microwave background radiation. This radiation, which fills the entire universe, is a clue to its beginning, known as the Big Bang.
The image below from the Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP) shows a detailed, all-sky picture of the infant universe at 380,000 years of age. This is light, emitted 13.7 billon-years ago, is ∼2.7 Kelvin today. The observed +/-200 microKelvin temperature fluctuations, shown as color differences in the image, are the seeds that grew to become clusters of galaxies.
Credit: NASA/WMAP Science Team
Top of Page | Next: Infrared Waves
Citation
APA
National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Science Mission Directorate. (2010). Microwaves. Retrieved [insert date - e.g. August 10, 2016], from NASA Science website: http://science.nasa.gov/ems/06_microwaves
MLA
Do you ever feel like you over-complicate things when you're speaking Chinese?
This idea first dawned on me one day when I was watching Chinese TV and a celebrity was being interviewed about his recent concert.
One thing he told the interviewer about his concert stood out to me. He said, simply: 人很多 (rén hěn duō).
The simplicity of that statement struck me, especially when I translated it into English in my head.
I realized that if I wanted to say, “There were a lot of people,” in Chinese, I probably would've said something much more clunky sounding. It wouldn't have occurred to me to simply say "人很多 (rén hěn duō)" because I'd never say, “People were many” in English.
But this simple and right-to-the-point way of structuring a sentence is really common in Chinese. It's an example of what's called a Topic-Comment sentence.
What is the Topic-Comment structure?
The topic-comment structure (which I'll call T-C structure) is another useful way to arrange a sentence in Chinese.
In a T-C sentence, you put the topic at the beginning of the sentence, and then follow with a comment about the topic. The topic of a sentence is essentially just what the sentence is about. Sometimes people call it the “theme” of the sentence.
In the sentence 人很多 (rén hěn duō), 人 (rén) – “people” is the topic, because that's what the sentence is about. 很多 (hěn duō) - "many" is the comment because it describes something about the topic.
Comparing Topic-Comment and Golden Rule structures
The Topic-Comment structure differs from the Golden Rule sentence order that we often talk about in our lessons.
For example, following the Golden Rule, the object of a sentence goes after the verb. But in a T-C sentence, often the object is the topic of the sentence, so it goes first.
In this sentence, 寿司 (shòu sī) - sushi is the object and the topic:
Sentence: I've never eaten sushi before.
Golden rule structure: 我没吃过寿司 (wǒ méi chī guò shòu sī).
T-C structure: 寿司(我)没吃过 (shòu sī (wǒ) méi chī guò).
Note: 我 (wǒ) is in parenthesis here because the subject of a sentence like this is often omitted.
The T-C structure is often used in sentences like this to express emphasis, especially when comparing or contrasting.
The speaker in this instance might be trying to say, for example, “Sushi, I've never had, but sashimi I've eaten many times.” (See how we sometimes use this type of sentence structure to express emphasis in English too?)
But the T-C structure doesn't necessarily have to be used for emphasis or contrast, like the following example:
Sentence: He's really picky when looking for a wife/girlfriend.
T-C structure: 找对象，他特别挑剔 (zhǎo duì xiàng, tā tè bié tiāo tì).
If we want to try to retain more of the topic-comment feel of the sentence in English, we might also translate it as, “When it comes to finding a wife, he's really picky.”
In sentences like this, the T-C structure is just another way to organize information in a sentence.
Review the Golden Rule of Chinese for simple and complex sentences:
Should I use the T-C structure when I speak Chinese?
I think English speakers tend to under-utilize the T-C structure, and there are two reasons why:
First, we often aren't taught this sentence structure until relatively late in our Chinese learning. We usually learn the Golden Rule first. (That's okay. You have to start somewhere, right?)
The second reason is that the Golden Rule word order is similar to normal English word order, so we feel more comfortable using it.
T-C structure doesn't feel natural. But in Chinese, the T-C structure is sometimes the most natural sounding way to express an idea in casual conversation, so you should definitely get used to using it.
How can I get started?
Like anything else when it comes to learning a new language, it's just a matter of practice. The more you use it, the more comfortable you'll feel. I suggest that you start with the following three types of sentences:
1. When you want to say “a lot.”
Try to get used to saying “(something) very many” or “(something) not many,” like in these examples. The topic is in red, and everything that follows the topic is the comment.
人很多 (rén hěn dūo).
There are/were a lot of people.
lit: “People very many.”
她的话很多 (tā de huà hěn duō).
She talks a lot. or She can say a lot. (This is often used to describe young kids.)
lit: “Her speech very many.”
时间不多了 (shí jiān bù duō le).
There's not much time left. or We don't have a lot of time.
lit: “Time not many (anymore).”
米饭还很多 (mǐ fàn hái hěn duō).
There's still a lot of rice left.
lit: “Rice still very many.”
If you directly translate sentences like these from English into Chinese, often there is nothing grammatically wrong with them.
For example, you can say 还有很多米饭 (hái yǒu hěn duō mǐ fàn) to mean, “There's still a lot of rice left.”
Using the T-C structure is not mandatory in order to form correct sentences. But in many cases, like the examples above, it does sound more natural to use the more simple, direct T-C structure.
2. When you want to ask, “Do you have _____?”
You often hear the T-C structure used in questions too. Instead of always relying on the "你有没有 (nǐ yǒu méi yǒu)" structure, try this instead:
袋子有吗 (dài zi yǒu ma)?
Do you have a bag?
lit: “Bag have (ma)?”
You hear and use this question a lot when shopping in China since there is an additional fee for most plastic bags.
And speaking of shopping, here's another question that you often hear from cashiers and shopkeepers as they make change for you:
两块有吗 (liǎng kuài yǒu ma)?
Do you have two yuan?
lit: “Two pieces (of money) have (ma)?”
You can also use the T-C structure when you order in a restaurant. For example, remember that beverages aren't always served cold in China, so it's good to clarify if they have any chilled drinks as you're ordering. You can say it like this:
冰的有吗 (bīng de yǒu ma)?
Do you have cold/chilled ___?
lit: “Iced have (ma)?”
3. When you want to ask, “Is something ready/finished/completed?”
I think you'll like the simplicity of how these types of questions can be asked in Chinese. Check out the below examples:
饭好了吗 (fàn hǎo le ma)?
Is the food ready?
lit: “Food done (le) (ma)?”
机票(你)买好了吗 (jī piào (nǐ) mǎi hǎo le ma)?
Have the plane tickets been bought? or Did you buy the tickets?
lit: “Plane tickets (you) bought (le) (ma)?”
作业(你)做完了吗 (zuò yè (nǐ) zuò wán le ma)?
Is the/your homework done? or Did you finish your homework?
lit: “Homework (you) done (le) (ma)?”
By the way, if this is the first time you're seeing 完 (wán) and 好 (hǎo) used in this manner, we give you the details of these complements of result in the Unit 11, Lesson 2 of our Intermediate Conversational Course:
And in Unit 28, Lesson 5:
Two challenges for you
The main thing that prevents us from using sentences like this—and instead using something that sounds a bit clunky—is our tendency to translate from English into Chinese.
I challenge you to keep in mind sentence structures like the examples provided so you can speak more natural-sounding Chinese.
Your second challenge is a favorite of Chinese linguists. They love the following sentence because it has two potential meanings depending on whether it is interpreted as a Golden Rule sentence or a T-C structure sentence:
鸡吃了 (jī chī le)
Do you know the two possible meanings of the sentence? Think about it and leave your answer in the comments section!
The first word I ever learned in Korean was not “I love you” or even “hello” it was ?? dambae. If you don't speak Hangugmal, dambae means cigarette. And while I'm not a smoker any more, I certainly was at the time. It is important to try to quit smoking, be it a cigarette or cannabis. You could try a vape with the best 510 thread battery to help. My then boyfriend and I would sit in anticipation for the first one of us to break down and ask “dambae?” so we could finally light one up. Now that I'm an old boring mum (i.e. painfully aware of my mortality and healthier), those days are behind me. I stopped smoking for good about 3 1/2 years ago. Go me! I was talking to a friend recently and they told me that she got this cool new invisalign brace for her teeth. Its like a brace without it being visible and you can eat what you want. She got it done at invisalign Manchester and she says its made a world of difference for her self confidence with her teeth.
My husband on the other hand, well, he took a little longer to get off the dambae train. To be fair, he has been burning the candle at both ends for the past few years. In the past 3 short years he's gotten one degree, became a father, and has been hard at work on a second degree all the while working on the side. He's the most wonderful husband and father I've ever seen in motion, so when he'd break down and have a cigarette every once in awhile to unwind, I wouldn't jump all over his ass too much. I used to tease him that the cigarettes would stunt his growth (he stands 6'3″) and then he'd joke that he should smoke more often then. A 9 inch height difference is hard on the neck, ha.
He's since quit smoking completely. But in the name of this blog, I didn't have to twist his arm too much to have one more nostalgic puff just this once for the purpose of this review.
Innisfree Forest Fresh Mouthwash isn't exactly a traditional mouthwash. It's a mouth spray meant to be used apres cigarette to cut the nasty breath. Aside from the obvious xylitol and menthol I can't find an english ingredient list for this spray so I'm sorry I can't really be of help there. There are two available flavours, which are Before Kiss and After Smoking. Each spray is good for about 250 uses. I wanted to test this product one of two ways. It says it's “for men” but um, fuck gender roles, seriously. It's for *anyone* obviously. I wanted to test it as just a plain old breath freshener and then as it's intended use as a cigarette smoke masker.My first thought when I sprayed the After Smoking mist was “OMG WTF”. And not necessarily in a bad way, it was just very shocking! This stuff tastes exactly how cologne smells. I don't mean like when you accidentally spray perfume in your mouth and it's the most foul acidic taste in the world, I mean it tastes exactly the way it smells. Like the smell of a pine scented cologne was somehow synthesized into a pleasant tasting spray for your mouth. It's really bizarre. It doesn't taste like anything akin to any gums or mints I've ever tasted so my brain didn't know what to do. It does absolutely freshen your breath and leaves your mouth feeling very clean.When it came time for my husband to test it out we had to go through the ordeal of procuring a cigarette without buying an entire pack. Thankfully we live next to a major University in a very Asian/Korean neighbourhood so there's no shortage of smokers lol. He managed to get a girl to give him a smoke and scurried upstairs to hang out on our balcony and catch up with his old friend nicotine. Once he was done he sprayed the product 3 times in his mouth and I could tell he had the same reaction I did. “This is weird!” he said. I asked him if it was bad and he said no, just weird. He said that for him, it cut through the tobacco smoke taste in his mouth pretty much completely. Then, in the name of science, I decided to make out a little bit to see if it made a difference in what I would taste. I know, poor me right? lol The things I do for my Beauty Pups! I mean just look at this hideous monster 😛 I have to say, it really did do what it claimed it would! It did an admirable job of erasing that very distinct cigarette smell. It didn't cut it 100%, there's still that lingering musty feeling/taste that only brushing can completely get rid of, but man, what an improvement. If you or the person whose mouth you're currently putting your mouth on are smokers, you should cconsiderpicking this up! Since they were so cheap, I also picked up the Before Kiss flavour to test out as well. I waited until the next morning when I was sure we would be nice and disgusting in the throes of morning breath to test this out. Once again, holy hell, this stuff is strong. This one however, despite being billed as an apple flavour, tastes overwhelmingly of xylitol (Much like the Etude House Lip Perfume Breath Mist I reviewed before). It has only the faintest hint of an apple aftertaste. I am not a fan of the way this one tastes, I much prefer the After Smoking pine cologne version. Despite the jarring taste, it certainly did freshen up our breaths, and we had a lot of fun testing it out 😉 I really like the weirdness and ingenuity of the After Smoking spray, but the Before Kiss spray has been done better by other products. My rating of 4 out of 5 turtles is for After Smoking. For Before Kiss I'd only rate it 2 out of 5 turtles, that taste is just too foul for me. However, both really are on point in terms of knocking out stank ass breath.
by
In the absence of consistent, credible, on the scene reports from the Fukushima site, observers are forced to go to a wide range of news sources and try to tease out the real truth from the subtle differences in reporting. So far, the situation has repeatedly shown itself worse than the reporting and official press releases have let on. Suggestion: watch the vids above, and below, compare to print sources here, find a way to split the differences.
Science:
TOKYO—Over the last several days, evidence has emerged indicating that the situation at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was far more dire than previously recognized. The main evidence is extensive—rather than partial—melting of the nuclear fuel in three reactors in the hours after the 11 March earthquake and tsunami. Despite that bad news, however, today plant owner Tokyo Electric Power Co. pledged it would still meet the target set 17 April to stabilize the situation by January 2012 so 100,000 residents evacuated from around the plant can return to their homes and the decade-long process of demolishing the reactors can get started.
At first, analysts from Tokyo Electric and the government believed there was only limited damage to the fuel cores. But over the last week, a combination of robotic and human inspections has led to the conclusion that the fuel assemblies in units 1, 2, and 3 were completely exposed to the air for from over 6 hours to over 14 hours and that melting was extensive if not complete. Much of the fuel is now likely at the bottom of the reactor pressure vessels.
More years ago than I care to admit, I recall being a young law student watching the video of one of my firm's clients being paraded into a Toronto Police detachment.
While I can't remember what charge he was being booked for, I do distinctly recall the client, hands cuffed behind his back, lean forward suddenly and come rearing violently backwards, fiercely smashing his skull against the exposed nose of a hapless officer who had been leading him into the detachment.
Although there was no audio to accompany the video, I could have sworn I heard the sickening crack as the officer's nose broke. I certainly saw the thick black bloody ooze (station videos back then were black and white) start to drip from his nostrils. I also saw the brief flicker of (justifiably) boiling rage as the officer's jaw clenched and he took one stutter step back towards the client with a hand ever-so-briefly balling into a fist, before a professional calm overtook him as he curtly shoved the client into a cell before attending to his own injuries.
I can't say whether the quick transition from anger to professionalism had anything to do with the knowledge that he was being recorded, but I never did shake the feeling that those recently installed cameras prevented a shocking incident from becoming a public inquiry.
Fast forward nearly two decades and the tiresome debate over cameras and policing has migrated from stations to squad cars to the officers themselves by way of body cameras. At each stage of the debate, the old concerns over cost, policies and privacy get rehashed until, eventually, we are dragged kicking and screaming into a world that has long since accepted the immense value that cameras bring to policing.
It's almost laughable to think that, in an era where every passerby on the street is casting our officers in their next cellphone YouTube hit, our police are the only group whose perspective we are unlikely to see on camera.
What would a jury have done with a view through the eyes of Const. James Forcillo, staring up at that streetcar as Sammy Yatim clutched a knife? Would we even need the pending public inquest if the officers who responded to Andrew Loku had been wearing body cameras that recorded the mentally-ill man allegedly brandishing a hammer?
Cameras not only increase police accountability by creating an audio-visual record of police interactions with the public, they reduce spurious complaints against the vast majority of officers who go about their business with honesty and integrity.
They eliminate thousands of expensive hours in courtrooms when, confronted by the clear, impartial, unblinking evidence of a camera, an accused elects to enter a guilty plea rather than face the inevitability of a conviction at trial.
But most importantly, body cameras on police officers advance the interests of transparency and scrutiny while allowing the public a cop-eye view of the extraordinary challenges facing front-line officers each and every day.
— Prutschi is a defence lawyer www.crimlawcanada.com.
Twitter: @prutschi
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's job approval remains at historic lows and a majority of voters believe he is abusing his presidential power, a new Quinnipiac poll found.
Trump's approval rating sits at 37 percent in Wednesday's results, up just 1 point from Quinnipiac's survey released on May 10. He still holds a comfortable rating with Republicans, 84 percent of whom approve of his job performance.
Fifty-four percent of those polled said Trump is abusing the powers of his office.
On the issue of his decision to fire former FBI Director James Comey, Americans were split — 49 percent said it was an abuse of power, while 47 said it wasn't. And 55 percent said they believe Trump asked Comey to drop the investigation into former national security advisor Michael Flynn.
That issue should be investigated by the House of Representatives, 62 percent said, while 66 percent support the appointment of a special prosecutor to probe ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's honesty ratings are also in jeopardy. Fifty-nine percent of voters now say Trump is dishonest.
"President Donald Trump remains mired in dreadful mid 30s approval numbers and the red flags that are popping up tell an even darker story," said Tim Malloy, the poll's assistant director.
"But by far the most alarming determination is that President Trump is abusing his office."
The Quinnipiac Poll surveyed 1,404 voters nationwide from May 17-23 with a margin of error of 3 points.
The Stuxnet virus that decimated Iranian nuclear facilities was created by the NSA and co-written by Israel, Edward Snowden has confirmed. The whistleblower added the NSA has a web of foreign partners who pay “marginal attention to human rights.”
In an interview with Jacob Applebaum published in German daily Der Spiegel on Monday, Snowden stated that the US and Israel were behind the computer worm. Stuxnet infiltrated Iranian nuclear facility networks in 2009-2010 and was used to change the speed of thousands of gas-spinning centrifuges, sabotaging nuclear research.
Washington and Tel Aviv were thought to have been behind the cyber-attack, however, this was never confirmed by either government.
“The NSA and Israel wrote Stuxnet together,” Snowden told Applebaum in the interview that was carried out in May.
Snowden stressed that the National Security Agency (NSA) often cooperates with foreign partners through a special body known as the Foreign Affairs Directorate (FAD). Referring to Britain, Australia, New Zealand and Canada, also known as the ‘Five Eye Partners,' he said their practices often go further than those of the NSA.
In particular he flagged the system used by the UK's General Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), TEMPORA as one of the worst offenders.
“TEMPORA is the signals intelligence community's first ‘full-take' internet buffer that doesn't care about content type and pays only marginal attention to the Human Rights Act,” said Snowden.
The UK buffer is able to hold a vast quantity of internet data for up to three days, said the whistleblower.
“You should never send information over British lines or British servers. Even the Queen's ‘selfies' with her lifeguards would be recorded, if they existed.”
While Snowden conceded that monitoring abroad had its limits and the NSA has to prioritize the information it collects, he stressed that monitoring on its own territory was “practically limitless.”
Private enterprise is also involved in the NSA's mass collating of internet data, but proving their complicity is very difficult.
“The names of the cooperating telecom companies are the crown jewels of the NSA... Generally you can say that multinationals with headquarters in the USA should not be trusted until they prove otherwise,” Snowden pointed out.
When asked about how one could avoid falling into the traps of NSA surveillance, Snowden said anyone who had been targeted “was just owned.” The analyst charged with following an individual receives a report every day, meaning the “target's machine doesn't belong to them anymore, it belongs to the US government.”
Cypherpunks
Snowden's interviewer, 30-year-old Jacob Applebaum, has also fallen foul of US law enforcement in the past. Applebaum co-wrote a book with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange detailing tips on how to evade cyber-surveillance while surfing the web.
The book called ‘Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet', was also co-written by Jeremie Zimmermann and Andy Muller-Maguhn. Assange invited his co-authors on to the Julian Assange show, which aired on RT last year in March, to discuss cyber resistance.
“Two of them, besides myself, have been targeted by law enforcement agencies as a result of their work to safeguard privacy and to keep governments accountable. Their words, and their stories, need to be heard,” Assange told the New York Times.
The members of the Cypherpunks movement shared their stories with Julian Assange whilst sitting down to discuss the problems of privacy, online communication and freedom on the internet.
US citizen Edward Snowden is believed to be eluding an extradition order to the US on charges of espionage in the transit zone of Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. Snowden has sent a number of applications for political asylum. Thus far Venezuela and Nicaragua have confirmed receipt of the applications, but are yet to grant asylum. However, Snowden is still unable to travel as his passport has been voided by the US authorities.
As officially announced earlier today, Deontay Wilder will defend his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown with a rematch against Haitian-born Canadian Bermane Stiverne next month.
Wilder, 38-0 with 37 knockouts, was due to face Luis Ortiz, but the Cuban southpaw was pulled from the bout after testing positive for a banned substance in a pre-fight drug test.
Stiverne, 25-2 with one drawn and 21 knockouts, was on the undercard but will move into the main event on the November 4 event at Brooklyn's Barclays Center.
A victory for Wilder could set the stage for a 2018 unification showdown against the reigning International Boxing Federation, International Boxing Organization and World Boxing Association champion Anthony Joshua, who is 19-0 with every win by knockout.
Wilder began his reign in January 2015 by taking the WBC crown with a unanimous decision triumph over Stiverne in Las Vegas -- the only fight in Wilder's pro career to go the distance and one where he suffered a broken right hand.
Stiverne, the WBC mandatory title challenger who was paid to step aside so Wilder could face Ortiz, was hospitalized after the first fight for severe dehydration and muscle damage.
He has not fought in nearly two years but has pushed for a title rematch.
Stiverne, who was to have faced Dominic Breazeale, won the WBC crown in 2014 by knocking out American Chris Arreola.
"I am ready, willing and able to seize back my title from Wilder," Stiverne said. "Wilder dodged a bullet in the first fight, but not this time. It was my fault, but I learn from my mistakes."
It will be the sixth title defense for Wilder, who saw a scheduled May 2016 bout in Moscow against Russian Alexander Povetkin and a planned bout last February in his home region at Birmingham, Alabama, against Poland's Andrzej Wawrzyk both implode after his rivals failed doping tests.
Investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board arrived Tuesday morning in Pompano Beach to begin probing the fiery plane crash that left three people critically injured.
During a briefing at the crash site, Senior Air Safety Investigator Leah Read told reporters that she and the other investigators were getting their first look at the scene and were not close to drawing any conclusions about the crash.
"I know they were on takeoff and obviously something happened and that's what we're hopefully going to determine here," Read said.
One woman and two men were hospitalized Monday after the fixed-wing, multi-engine Beechcraft 76 clipped a house on the 900 block of North Harbor Drive, hopscotched over another home and ended up engulfed in flames in the backyard of a third, officials and witnesses said.
Those in the plane suffered "significant burns," Pompano Beach Fire Rescue Chief John Jurgle said. "They were all severe burn injuries, between 30 and 40 percent of their body," Jurgle said.
That people survived the crash will be helpful to the investigation, Read said.
"It's always wonderful when people survive any kind of accident and what's going to be good about this is that three witnesses who were actually onboard the plane – as their medical condition improves we plan to be interviewing them as well, " she said.
The names of those who were on the plane have not yet been released.
Read said investigators will be assessing the crash site on Tuesday and hope to move the wreckage to another location by the end of the day.
She said preliminary findings about the crash could be expected in about five days and a full "factual report" would be released in six to nine months.
A small plane crashed into a home along the 900 bock of Northeast 26th Avenue in Pompano Beach about 3 p.m. on Monday, April 25. (WSVN-Ch. 7) A small plane crashed into a home along the 900 bock of Northeast 26th Avenue in Pompano Beach about 3 p.m. on Monday, April 25. (WSVN-Ch. 7) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"Out of nowhere we could hear the sound of the plane coming down," said Mason Pizzo, 23, who lives across the street and was eating when the crash happened about 3 p.m. He described a "boom and bang" that made him realize his neighborhood was not just being buzzed by an inexperienced pilot.
"It seems like the whole neighborhood shook there for a minute," said Michele Miller, 62, who was leaving a nearby dog park when she heard the explosion.
Gary Mitchell, 71, who also lives across the street from the crash scene, described the explosion as a "fireball … maybe 100 feet in the air."
Larry Ferris was washing his car on his driveway when he said he saw a plane fall out of the sky and toward a house. "I saw the plane blow up in the backyard," he said. "I ran across the street and grabbed a garden hose."
Other neighbors and passers-by immediately sprang into action. Pizzo said he called 911 and ran toward the blaze with a fire extinguisher, handing his phone to the neighbor whose house was clipped. By the time he reached the wreckage, Pizzo said he saw two good Samaritans in what appeared to be wetsuits had already rescued two of the plane's three occupants.
"I'm amazed and happy that all the people came together as a neighborhood in a time of craziness like that," Pizzo said. "Nowadays, that's hard to find."
Ferris said the people in the plane were badly burned. "One of them said, 'Please help me, I'm on fire,'" Ferris said.
Fire-rescue units were on scene in minutes.
"When they arrived, they found one house engulfed in flames in the back half of the house and, two houses over, a plane that was also involved in flames," Jurgle said.
The homeowner of the clipped house got out before firefighters arrived and was not injured in the crash, Jurgle said. Efforts to reach him Monday were unsuccessful. The owners of the home where the plane landed declined to comment.
The plane's occupants were taken to either Broward Health Medical Center or North Broward Health, Jurgle said.
Two of those inside the aircraft were able to walk from the crash, while investigators were looking into whether the third may have been thrown from the plane during the incident, Jurgle said.
The Harbor Village neighborhood of single-family homes is east of Federal Highway and the nearby Pompano Beach Airpark and west of the Intracoastal Waterway.
The plane is registered to Florida Aviation Academy, which runs a flight school at the Pompano Beach Aripark. Calls to the school were not returned late Monday afternoon and early evening.
The same school owned a Cessna 172 that made an emergency landing west of Coral Springs last August. No one was injured in that incident.
The Federal Aviation Administration said preliminary information about the aircraft in Monday's crash shows it came down shortly after departing from the Pompano Beach Airpark. The pilot was practicing takeoffs and landings before the accident, an FAA spokeswoman said.
The National Transportation Safety Board will determine the probable cause for it falling from the sky.
Neighbors said they have been complaining about low-flying aircraft for years.
"Now it does [concern me] that a plane can just drop in your backyard," said Ferris. "I know that could happen anytime now."
Staff researcher Barbara Hijek and staff writer Linda Trischitta contributed to this report.
rolmeda@tribpub.com, 954-356-4457 or Twitter @rolmeda
Bottom Line: Consider and identify hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy early
Cooling improves mortality rates without additional adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes at 18 months
If the child fits the FEAST criteria during or soon after resus, they might be a candidate for cooling
Neonates must only be actively cooled in a tertiary neonatal centre
Use your local guidelines and discuss with a neonatologist early
It's 2am and you (the Paeds Reg), have been called to the Birth Suite. After some significant resuscitation, you've taken the neonate to the Special Care Nursery. Read part 1 here.
Some progress;
Baby is still working hard to breathe but hasn't moved much otherwise. She's really grunting away on the CPAP.
You discuss the baby with tertiary centre for retrieval & consideration of cooling. The neonatologist advises turning off the overhead heater.
What's the evidence for cooling in HIE?
A 2007 Cochrane review found that, when started within 6 hours of birth, 72 hours of moderate hypothermia reduced the rate of death and disability at 18 months of age, for neonates with moderate to severe HIE. At that stage, the data was considered inadequate and incomplete with respect to data or neurodevelopment outcomes in survivors. The question also remained whether the benefits of hypothermia were attenuated by the severity of encephalopathy.
This was further updated in Edwards et al's 2010 meta-analysis in the BMJ. Their total analysis included ten trials (~1300 patients) for mortality, and a subset of 767 patients for whom neurodevelopmental outcomes at 18 months were available. This subset comprised three large trials completed after the 2007 meta analysis.
With regard to the primary outcome of neurodevelopment, the analysis was strongly about in favour of cooling to prevent death or disability by 18 months, with a NNT of 9.
Note well that cooling (aka therapeutic hypothermia) needs tertiary level care; a good example of this is a small study from Uganda (included in the Edwards et al meta-analysis), in which the outcomes for cooled babies with HIE were significantly worse than those not cooled. The implication here is that without adequate monitoring, experienced personnel and appropriate equipment, any benefit of therapeutic hypothermia is rapidly lost.
More recently, the Cochrane Review has been, well, reviewed; an analysis of this paper comprises the Part 3 of this series.
The new Dad has been by his baby daughter's side through all of this, and soon after your call with the NICU Team, Mum arrives.
What do you tell them?
The BeBoP group provides a nice printout for parents, available here.
Some of the good explainers I've heard are short and simple. It's good to start right back at the start. Both BeBoP and The Queensland Maternity & Neonatal Guidelines program recommend the explainers below:
Criteria Advice for parents Resuscitation Your baby needed significant resuscitation at birth to help him/her breathe. He/she appears to have suffered from the effects of lack of oxygen and blood supply to the brain. Incidence About 1-3 in 1000 newborn babies suffer from the effects of reduced blood flow or oxygen supply to their brain around the time of birth. Consequences This can result in brain damage from direct injury and also from ongoing changes that begin around six hours after the injury. These secondary changes are known to increase the amount of brain injury that occurs. Prognosis Approximately 30 to 60% of those babies who survive after this degree of damage to their brain may develop long-term disabilities. These disabilities include cerebral palsy and severe learning difficulties. Treatment In the past there were no treatments to reduce the severity of brain injury in these newborn babies. Recent research has shown that cooling these babies reduces the secondary brain injury, increases the chances of survival and reduces the severity of possible long-term disability. What does the treatment entail? Your baby will receive cooling therapy in addition to standard intensive care support. Your babyu2019s temperature will be slowly lowered and kept between 33 to 34u00b0C for 72 hours. Cooling will be achieved by exposing your baby to the ambient air temperature and subsequently by specialised cooling equipment. Your babyu2019s temperature and other vital signs will be closely monitored throughout the process. If your baby shows any signs of discomfort during cooling he/she will be prescribed medication to reduce this. After 72 hours of cooling, your baby will be gradually rewarmed to a temperature of 37u00b0C.
More recently, I've begun to mention a protocol. The idea that this is common enough and that there's been some forethought and research in the area can provide another kind of reassurance to parents. It helps set expectations and frame your decision making, in the subacute phase.
Whilst waiting for the retrieval team, the baby has 5 minutes of cycling movements of both legs. You think it's a seizure.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nick Powell's Manchester United career is all but over and the 21-year-old has become 'disillusioned with football', according to reports.
Powell, tipped as a future England international by Sir Alex Ferguson in his 2013 autobiography, has entered the last year of his contract at United and is expected to leave on a free transfer in the summer.
And the Sunday People reports Powell has 'shown little appetite for the game' and is deliberately running down his Old Trafford contract.
The former Crewe forward, who is recovering from a serious knee injury, started in United's shambolic 4-0 League Cup defeat to MK Dons last year and has not played under Louis van Gaal since.
Powell was farmed out on loan to Leicester the following week, however his stay was cut short by manager Nigel Pearson, who was irked by Powell's attitude and time-keeping.
A £4m signing in 2012, Powell scored on his United debut against Wigan and impressed in the eventful 5-4 League Cup defeat to Chelsea a month later.
Injury sidelined him for the second half of his maiden campaign with The Reds, however he recovered the following term when he enjoyed a fruitful spell on-loan at Wigan, where he scored 12 goals in 41 appearances.
Powell, who has made just three starts and four substitute appearances at United in the last three years, was banned from the road last year after being caught drink-driving.
By Hampton C. Wayt: Did Dr. Karl Arnstein, chief aerodynamicist of the Goodyear-Zeppelin Corporation of Akron, Ohio – sister company to the German-based Luftschiffbau Zeppelin that built the ill-fated Hindenburg – design the 1934 Chrysler and DeSoto Airflows?
The official story of the Airflows' development, as told in Chrysler marketing of the time and in Carl Breer's later autobiography, states that Chrysler engineers created the cars' shape with the help of a wind tunnel constructed with the advice of Orville Wright. No talk of outside help is ever mentioned in regards to the designing of the car itself, and the impression is that Chrysler pioneered the aerodynamic automobile completely on its own.
Walter Chrysler with an Airflow model—the same model being compared to an airplane in an unacknowledged press photo two months earlier.
Yet, other accounts challenge the idea that Chrysler worked alone. Dr. Alexander Klemin, aerodynamics professor at New York University, has since been credited as the man who created the Airflows' body's structure. And Beverly Rae Kimes goes into some detail in The Classic Era about the many rumors surrounding who designed the cars at the time of their debut. So, were Chrysler's revolutionary automobiles designed solely in-house, or did they have some help?
Dr. Karl Arnstein in his office at Goodyear-Zeppelin Corporation in late 1933 with three different Airflow models—two months before the Airflow cars' debuted in New York.
Three photographs that I recently discovered seem to add another layer of mystery to the Airflow saga. The images, which were published in newspapers over almost two months before the cars' New York Auto Show debut, feature Dr. Karl Arnstein in his office at Goodyear-Zeppelin Corporation with three different Airflow wind tunnel study models—all three essentially identical in design and construction to those found in a well-known Chrysler publicity photograph of the same time. Yet, curiously, the corresponding press releases attached to the reverse of the photos never mentions the Chrysler Corporation.
Dr. Karl Arnstein comparing one of the Airflow models with the U.S.S. Macon atop his desk.
At first glance, these releases seem to indicate that Arnstein, who designed both the USS Macon and USS Akron airships, was the models' creator. Statements describe the doctor inspecting the miniature Airflow studies “which have adopted many of the aerodynamic principles developed by him in aeronautical engineering,” and noting “the similarity between the car's lines and that of the model of the U.S.S Macon resting atop his desk.” Based on these descriptions, it would seem that the renowned zeppelin designer was a leading player in Chrysler's famed project.
Upon second reading, though, Arnstein's authorship of the cars is not guaranteed. The language utilized by the releases appears to be carefully composed to suggest a heavy link between Arnstein's aerodynamic work and the models without actually explicitly stating as much. And furthermore, one of Dr. Arnstein's comments dismisses rear-engine placement—a subject a Zeppelin designer is unlikely to have any professional opinion on, and a remark that mimics those made by Carl Breer on the subject around the time of the Airflows' debut. So, what is going on?
A close up of Dr. Karl Arnstein and one of the models. Note the positioning of the Goodyear-Zeppelin penholder.
The real story of the Arnstein images may actually be one of promotion as opposed to progeny. Apparently Chrysler, in order to prepare and excite people for the advent of their unusual Airflows, contracted famed designer Norman Bel Geddes to execute a campaign on the cars' behalf for the months leading up to their debut. Design historian Jeffrey Meikle, who reported this promotion, mentions that Bel Geddes hired celebrities of all kinds to be photographed with Airflow automobiles and to espouse their “fine” qualities. Arnstein, who was nationally renowned at the time for his Goodyear-Zeppelin airship work, was certainly an excellent candidate for promoting Chrysler's new streamline car.
The problem with this assertion, however, is that there is actually no identifiable Airflow campaign in the months prior to the cars' release. None of the celebrity images I have been able to find along the lines that Meikle describes, for example, appeared more than a couple of weeks before the cars' debut in January 1934. And, in fact, no Airflow images of any kind were found prior to Dec. 27, 1933—a month after the release of the Arnstein images.
Grouping of Airflow wind tunnel study models and personnel next to Chrysler Corp.'s wind tunnel.
Further investigation, though, does appear to uncover an Airflow promotional campaign in the last few months of 1933—albeit one of potentially dubious ethics. Several different press photos, all of which feature Airflow wind tunnel models, were discovered published in assorted local newspapers across the country. In all cases, the images and the language of the attached press releases place the models in contexts clearly designed to legitimize and promote the features of the as-of-yet unannounced Airflow cars. And as with the Arnstein photos, neither Chrysler nor the existence of the Airflows is ever mentioned. The result is one where the public was fed pure pro-Airflow propaganda without their realizing they were viewing paid advertisements!
Alexander Leydenfrost, one of Norman Bel Geddes' top designers with a “completely aerodynamic sedan” that promoted Chrysler Airflow-like features in the months leading up to the cars' debut in New York.
But were these images part of the Bel Geddes campaign, or were they something else? Another discovery does suggest that Bel Geddes could have been responsible for these slight-of-hand promotional images. In this instance, Alexander Leydenfrost (spelled here as, “Leyden-Frost”), one of Bel Geddes' top designers at the time (who would also soon work on the redesign of the 1934 Airflow grill), is shown in a press release with a teardrop car design credited to him. Just as before, the accompanying article espouses and predicts Airflow-like features for the future of the automobile industry without any mention of Chrysler (or, Bel Geddes, for that matter). But the real clincher is the fact that the Leydenfrost article is used as a lead-in to an article on the well-known Harry Hartz backward-driven automobile stunt—another Chrysler-funded Airflow promotion where the corporation's name was not mentioned at the time it took place.
Bel Geddes or not, the preponderance of evidence suggests that the Arnstein photos are actually part of subversive Chrysler Airflow promotional campaign. Yet, one problem does stand in the way of this conclusion. Dr. Klemin, who is credited with the Airflow's understructure, also personally endorsed the Airflow at the time of its debut. What that means is, if Klemin really did contribute to the Airflow as he is credited, he promoted the merits of his own design without acknowledging it as such. And if this scenario is true of Klemin, could it not also be possible for Arnstein?
Images from a periodical comparing an Airflow model to “the new winter, 1933 streamlined hat.”
So, are the Arnstein Airflow images the record of a man attempting to gain recognition for his contribution to a project? Or, are they part of a dubious propaganda campaign to push potential buyers into Chrysler showrooms? Perhaps one of The Old Motor's readers can conclusively lay this mystery to rest.
But more important than finding a solid answer to our questions may be the opportunity these uncertainties give us to challenge our perceptions of the Chrysler Airflows' accepted history. Thinking about the situation further, it would be surprising if a major corporation such as Chrysler did not seek out aerodynamic and other external experts when designing their “completely new” automobile, would it not? And along the same lines, perhaps we should ask what Chrysler Corporation and Carl Breer would have had to gain by promoting the idea that they had developed the automobile completely on their own?
Let us know what you think.
Editors note: Hampton C. Wayt is an automotive and industrial design historian and historiographer who was inspired to pursue his career in 1998, shortly after his parents were killed in a car accident. He has dedicated many years to traveling the country to meet with retired automobile designers and is an expert in factory design artwork and models. Among his other interests are streamlining, the automobile design process, the interrelationship of technology and art, coachbuilding versus mass-production, and the legacies of designers. He received his master's degree in design history from the Bard Graduate from Center, New York, NY, in 2011.
Dodge is doubling down on its performance pedigree. In the midst of a teaser campaign for the April 11 unveil of the hellacious 2018 Challenger SRT Demon, the brand will use the Chicago Auto Show to introduce an SRT variant of its full-size Durango SUV.
Dodge chief Tim Kuniskis calls it the most powerful and fastest three-row vehicle, though Mercedes and the 577-hp AMG GLS63 might have something to say about that. The 392-cubic-inch Hemi V-8 engine under the Durango SRT's hood generates 475 horsepower at 6,000 rpm and 470 lb-ft of torque at 4,300 rpm, creating a family vehicle that will go from 0 to 60 mph in 4.4 seconds and through the quarter mile in 12.9 seconds, according to National Hot Rod Association certification. That would leave competitors such as the Chevrolet Tahoe in its dust.
For all those who have spent the past few years questioning what Dodge stands for, the answer is power and performance. You can debate whether a three-row family SUV out since 2014 needed SRT treatment, but you will get no sympathy from Kuniskis. After all, he's the man behind the Hellcats and the coming Demon to be unveiled ahead of the New York auto show in April.
"This is one I really wanted to launch," he said, adding that an SRT turns the all-wheel-drive Durango into a pure Dodge.
The Durango SRT will go on sale this fall with an aggressive, bold look and stance to show its kinship with the Charger and Challenger.
In case you hadn't heard, Android N adds a split-screen mode for phones/tablets and picture-in-picture for Android TV. As previously reported, it also has code references to a freeform mode that allows users to freely resize an app. Now, ArsTechnica (via developer Zhuowei Zhang) has managed to enable the mode and it reveals a very desktop-like UI…
As you can see above, the Android home screen is not replaced by a traditional desktop, but rather apps of various sizes live in a window view. When freeform is enabled, users can open apps as resizable windows by going to the Recent Apps view. Each app tile has an additional button next to close that opens the app as a floating window.
Apps can also be dragged via the tile bar and resized horizontally or vertically, like in any traditional desktop OS. Users can add more apps to this view by going back to the Recent view, and the floating apps open in a window are saved together as one tile in multitasking and can be easily returned to.
If you want to see the feature, you'll have to flash a custom recovery, connect to ADB, and enter a command line prompt to activate freeform windows mode. The mode runs best on a device with a large screen and plenty of RAM. Hopefully, freeform mode will launch with Android N; it may be a ways off, but Google seems to be laying the groundwork for Android to run on more than just phones and tablets.
(Image via ArsTechnica)
Adding math talk to story time at home is a winning equation for children's math achievement, according to new research from the University of Chicago.
The study from psychologists Sian Beilock and Susan Levine shows a marked increase in math achievement among children whose families used Bedtime Math, an iPad app that delivers engaging math story problems for parents and children to solve together.
Even children who used the app with their parents as little as once a week saw gains in math achievement by the end of the school year. The app's effect was especially strong for children whose parents tend to be anxious or uncomfortable with math.
The findings appear in the Oct. 9 edition of Science. UChicago PhD students Talia Berkowitz and Marjorie Schaeffer are the lead authors of the study, along with senior authors Beilock and Levine.
Previous research from this group has demonstrated the importance of adults' attitudes about math for children's math success. For example, a recent study found that math-anxious parents who help their children with math homework actually undermine their children's math achievement.
The new findings demonstrate that structured, positive interactions around math at home can cut the link between parents' uneasiness about math and children's low math achievement.
“Many Americans experience high levels of anxiety when they have to solve a math problem, with a majority of adults feeling at least some apprehension toward math,” said Beilock, professor in Psychology and author of Choke, a book about stress and performance. “These math-anxious parents are probably less likely to talk about math at home, which affects how competent their children are in math. Bedtime Math encourages a dialogue between parents and kids about math, and offers a way to engage in high-quality math interactions in a low-effort, high-impact way.”
Study participants included 587 first-grade students and their parents. Families were given an iPad installed with a version of the Bedtime Math app, with which parents and their children read stories and answer questions involving math, including topics like counting, shapes and problem-solving. A control group received a reading app that had similar stories without the math content and questions related to reading comprehension instead. Children's math achievement was assessed at the beginning and end of the school year. Parents completed a questionnaire about their nervousness with math.
The more times parents and children in the math group used the app, the higher children's achievement on a math assessment at the end of the school year. Indeed, children who frequently used the math app with their parents outperformed similar students in the reading group by almost three months in math achievement at year's end.
The app was especially beneficial for children of very math-anxious parents, whose gains in math achievement over the course of the school year were dramatic when they engaged with the math app. Even infrequent use of the math app—once a week —improved children's math performance.
The study highlights the importance of engaging with math outside of the classroom.
“For many families, reading stories is a regular part of a child's home routine. But when it comes to math, parents widely believe that it is the responsibility of schools, and they pay less attention to their child's math learning at home,” said Levine, the Rebecca Anne Boylan Professor of Education and Society in Psychology. “We found brief, high-quality parent-child interactions around math using Bedtime Math increased children's math learning during first grade.”
Levine is an expert in cognitive development and early math learning and the inaugural director of the UChicago Science of Learning Center. She is an author of Quantitative Development in Infancy and Early Childhood and Neural Plasticity and Cognitive Development: Insights from Children with Perinatal Brain Injury.
Beilock is one of the nation's leading experts on the power of anxiety to undermine performance across a wide variety of fields from test-taking, to public speaking, to your golf score. She is the author of Choke: What the Secrets of the Brain Reveal about Getting it Right When you Have To and How the Body Knows Its Mind.
Opponents of the controversial Crystal Spring community have largely been focused on creating emotional arguments to stop the development which have largely fallen on deaf ears. Save the trees. Save the animals. Think of the kids. Think of the traffic. Any time an accident occurs in the City, one of the opponents will chime in with a comment about either how it is the fault of Crystal Spring or how much worse it would have been because of Crystal Spring. Their coalition is led by a long-since retired State Senator who (ironically enough) lives on property that disturbed the forest, disrupted the habitats, increased school capacity, etc. The property owner does have the right to develop the property and the opposition is essentially saying “no development” which is certainly not in their authority. They are trying to hold Annapolis Mayor Michael Pantelides to a campaign promise he made while trying to get elected where he said (without any hesitancy) that if elected he would stop the development. Likely, that statement swayed the 50 some odd voted it took for him to defeat incumbent Josh Cohen.
Personally, I have long felt that the non-emotional issues could be handled–traffic, school overcrowding, size. I have felt (and still do) that this mixed use community would be an asset to the City and particularly in the increasingly blighted (and oft ignored by the City) Forest Drive corridor. But my opinion or theirs may be moot due to the property owner not complying with an Annexation Agreement and the City not complying with thier own laws.
Crystal Spring Not Connected To The City Water And Sewer
When the property was annexed into the City in November 2005, there was a stipulation that it should be connected to City water and sewer within one year. It specified that any existing dwellings or structures should be connected as well. This was never done. There is a provision for extensions up to 10 years. However, the property owner has never submitted a request for the extension, nor has the City issued one administratively. This is a breach of the Annexation Agreement.
A more interesting tidbit from the Annexation Agreement is that they assigned the property to be in Ward 7 which is not contiguous to the property. It had been assumed that Crystal Spring would have been in Ward 5.
Download (PDF, 3.25MB)
Crystal Spring Should Be Halted Because Of Existing Adequate Public Facilities Regulations
At the present time, a piece of legislation has stalled in the Council that would require the City to account for school capacity when they are approving residential developments. Currently the law provides for consideration of water, sewer, police, fire, etc.
But according to recent budget information, the City is already in violation of their own ordinance with their under-staffed police department
Annapolis Code 22.14.040 says “The ratio of police officers authorized in the current City budget to City residents shall not be less than 3.2 officers per every one thousand City residents.” Further, the code also states that there will no exemptions (22.14.030).
With a 2014 Census Estimated population of 38,846 residents we should have a police force of 124 police officers. At a recent meeting in Eastport, Police Chief Pristoop said they had 109 officers currently. The new budget calls for 114. Even with the increased budget for next year, the police force falls 8% short of the number mandated by the City Code.
If the City follows its own laws, based on this, all residential development should be halted or the City needs to pony up a few dozen more police officers to comply.
Where this goes from here is anyone's guess. I am not sure of the legal ramifications of being in default of the Annexation Agreement. The property is a valuable parcel and will eventually be developed. But, with an election in the next few years and a Mayor who vowed to stop the development…this may be just what he needs to secure re-election.
[do action=”blackwall-hitch”/]
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS, OPINION, Post To FB
Share. Fading fast. Fading fast.
Pixar may have its first major flop on its hands, as The Good Dinosaur struggles to find an audience among moviegoers.
So far, the film has made just $131.3 million, after seeing a 60 percent drop in sales during its second week at the box office. With a production budget of $200 million and another $150 million invested in marketing, analysts estimate The Good Dinosaur will need to earn $500 million to break even.
Exit Theatre Mode
Unfortunately for Disney and Pixar, however, it doesn't look like that will likely happen. According to Variety, current projections suggest the film will be lucky to hit $400 million in sales. If that proves true, The Good Dinosaur will join the ranks of A Bug's Life, which earned an underwhelming $363.4 million when it released back in 1998.
"It's not resonating like a typical Pixar film. It's on a path where they're going to need home entertainment to drive profitability," MKM Partners analyst Erik Handler said. "Usually with Pixar, by the time they've gone through the first [release] window, they're in the black."
Exit Theatre Mode
The Good Dinosaur may not be a complete failure for Disney, though, as the studio stands to recoup some of the costs through merchandising and a home entertainment release.
Despite the film's poor performance commercially, The Good Dinosaur has been received rather positively by critics. For our thoughts on the animated feature, check out IGN's review.
Alex Osborn is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow him on Twitter.
Jordan Vogt-Roberts ('The Kings of Summer') is directing the creature feature.
Toby Kebbell, who is coming off a villainous turn as Dr. Doom in Fantastic Four, is in negotiations to join the cast of Legendary and Universal's monster movie Kong: Skull Island.
Tom Hiddleston, Brie Larson and Corey Hawkins are starring in the project, with Samuel L. Jackson and John C. Reilly circling the roll call.
Jordan Vogt-Roberts is sitting in the director's chair to tell the tale of a team of explorers who venture into the mysterious, creature-laden isle that is also the home of the king of the apes.
As The Hollywood Reporter reported on Tuesday, screenwriter Derek Connolly has been brought on to work on the project as it heads toward a late-October production start in Hawaii.
Legendary's Thomas Tull and Jon Jashni are producing with Mary Parent. The movie is scheduled for a March 10, 2017, release.
Legendary is already a fan of Kebbell's, having hired him for its fantasy movie Warcraft. The actor is also one of the stars of MGM's upcoming Ben-Hur and will appear in J.A. Bayona's A Monster Calls.
Kebbell is repped by CAA and the U.K.'s Independent Talent Group.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Forestry Commission is the latest Government department to confirm it is preparing for Britain to quit the EU without a deal.
It joins bigger departments such as the Home Office, the Treasury, Department for Transport ­planning for a hard Brexit .
Yesterday Labour's Shadow Foreign Secretary Emily Thornberry warned the UK is “heading for no deal” and Prime Minister Theresa May's failure to control her party was a “serious threat” to Britain's interests.
Ms Thornberry said: “She doesn't have the strength or the authority to be able to control her backbenchers, let alone her cabinet.”
(Image: PA)
Mrs May will update MPs today on the progress made at last week's Brussels summit.
Meanwhile, Spain has said UK expats living there will not be “disrupted' even with no deal.
A new report has also warned manufacturing firms are holding back investment due to Brexit.
(Image: REUTERS)
Investment in plant and machinery has been delayed by the uncertainty, said a survey of 328 firms by trade body EEF. But they found 51% still meant to spend more in the next two years.
Lee Hopley, EEF's chief economist, said: “Brexit means the future outlook for investment is not clear-cut.”
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton stands on stage during the New Hampshire Democratic Party Convention at the Verizon Wireless Center on September 19, 2015 in Manchester, New Hampshire. (credit: Scott Eisen/Getty Images)
– Hillary Clinton sat down for her first Sunday morning talk show appearance in years to talk about her 2016 campaign with John Dickerson on CBS' “Face the Nation.”
On Biden
Clinton said she and her team are not taking steps to prepare for a possible late entry into the Democratic presidential primary by Vice President Joe Biden.
“This is such a personal decision and the vice president has to sort this out,” Clinton said. “He's been so open in talking about how difficult this time is for him and his family and he's obviously considering what he wants to do including whether he wants to run.”
“I just have the greatest respect and affection for him and I think everybody just ought to give him the space to decide what's best for his family,” she added.
Click here for more from CBSNews.com.
Biden met with political advisers Monday at his residence in Washington, D.C. as part of his ongoing conversation with family, friends and staff over whether to jump into the 2016 presidential race.
Over the last few days, some Democratic donors have also calls for the vice president to mount a challenge to Clinton.
In a letter circulated Friday signed by nearly 50 prominent party fundraisers, potential donors pledged their support for Biden, calling him “an authentic leader” who has had “spectacular success” with President Obama.
On Benghazi
Clinton spoke about the Benghazi incident and her upcoming testimony before Congress.
“Remember we had embassies that were under attack, or threatened to attack by terrorist groups across North Africa, indeed across a much larger swath of the world. So I think, you know, it was terribly tragic what happened. I immediately asked for an independent review, just like former secretaries of state did, and I made that public,” Clinton said. “So my view on this is that we have to learn things. And we're always learning. We learned after Beirut, we learned after Tanzania and Kenya. We have learned after Benghazi. But we're not going to be able to represent the United States working out of hermetically sealed tanks, we are going to have to be out in the world.”
On Her Personal Email Server
Clinton also discussed her use of a private server to handle her emails.
“I've said that I didn't make the best choice. I should've used two separate email accounts: One personal, one work-related. What I did was allowed, it was fully above board, people in the government certainly knew that I was using a personal email. But I've tried to be transparent. And that includes releasing 55,000 pages – which is unprecedented, nobody else that I'm aware of has ever done that – plus turning over the server, plus testifying at the end of October. So, you know, I think people have questions, I want to try to answer them.”
“I'm sorry that I made a choice that has raised all these questions, because I don't like reading people have questions about what I did and how I did it. I'm proud of the work we did at the State Department,” Clinton said. “We did a lot of really important work. And I want that to be the focus of what people know about my tenure at the State Department.”
On Trump
Clinton was asked about a Donald Trump supporter who claimed at a Trump rally that President Barack Obama is Muslim, and Trump not correcting him.
“When you are at an event and says something like that in front of you then I do think you have a responsibility to respond. John McCain did,” Clinton said. “[Trump] is fueling a level of paranoia and prejudice against all kinds of people. And when you light those fires, you better recognize they can get out of control. And he should start dampening them down and putting them out.”
On ‘Obamacare'
Clinton says she'll soon roll out a proposal for controlling the cost of prescription drugs, a key fix to President Barack Obama's signature health care law.
“We have a lot of positives. But there are issues that need to be addressed,” Clinton said. “I'm going to address them this week, starting with how we're going to try to control the cost of skyrocketing prescription drugs. It's something I hear about everywhere I go.”
It was the first time Clinton signaled she'll address the subject since announcing her bid to become the nation's first female president. She also suggested Sunday that the U.S. should increase the number of Syrian refugees it will accept from 10,000 to 65,000. She took a pledge to avoid negative campaign attacks against a key rival, Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Any proposal on prescription drug costs could find a big audience.
Polls show the public remains split over Obama's 2010 health care law, which has been upheld by the Supreme Court and survived dozens of congressional votes to repeal it. One survey in August suggested that Americans are more concerned with consumer issues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation found in August that 72 percent of respondents said the cost of prescription medications is unreasonable. Regardless of party affiliation, large majorities supported requiring pharmaceutical companies to disclose how they set prices, allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices on behalf of beneficiaries, limiting what drug companies can charge for some medications and allowing consumers to get prescriptions filled by pharmacies in Canada.
About half of Americans take prescription medication, and of those, a quarter said they have difficulty paying for their drugs, the Kaiser poll found.
The Center for American Progress, a Washington think tank that's often in sync with the Obama administration, issued recommendations on Friday to curb drug costs, including consumer friendly ratings of new drugs and limits on what patients pay.
On Describing Herself
During one of the lighter moments of the interview, moderator John Dickerson asked her to describe herself using just three words.
“Just three? I can't possibly do that. I mean, look, I am a real person,” Clinton said.
Today brings the arrival of the latest entry into Sean Phillips and Ed Brubaker's growing library of stunning collaborations, as “The Fade Out” debuts at Image Comics. This title, which is a murder mystery (in a way) set in the glittery facade and shady corners of 1940's Hollywood, is an absolute thrill, and maybe their finest first issue yet. A big part of that is Phillips' art, who combines with colorist Elizabeth Breitweiser to paint an engrossing, inviting picture into this often dark world, and he does a phenomenal job of really making us feel like we're part of this world during the reading experience.
Thanks to Image, we're going to take you inside the book with Phillips in Artist Alley, as he shares the firsts this series brings for him, his favorite parts of the comic world, Breitweiser's brilliance, and much more. We're very pleased to feature him for the first time, and thanks to Sean for chatting with us about “The Fade Out” #1.
Of course, there is one featured page that could be spoilery by nature, so if that's something that may bother you, wait to read the comic first.
You've been working with Ed for a very long time now, and there's assuredly a lot of trust and familiarity there between the two of you. For you as an artist, how does that help you make sure you bring your best work to the table? What are the inherent advantages you have when working with a long time collaborator like Ed?
Sean Phillips: The biggest advantage is that I know I'm going to get a good story to draw. Even though I never know what's going to happen past the script pages I've got, I can trust that Ed knows what he's doing and he'll deliver a good story. I try to do my best with every job I do, but doing creator-owned books makes it that much more personal, and I'm drawing something I've chosen to do and I'm suited to. With company-owned comics I've always tried to pick projects I'm interested in too, but sometimes you just have to take what comes along…naming no names of course!
The Fade Out is a period piece, through and through, and you guys hired a researcher in Amy Condit to help improve accuracy in your visual representation of the time. As an artist, do you like projects where you get to dig into a real time and place? What have you enjoyed the most so far about this project versus others with Ed in the past?
SP: I much prefer drawing stories set in the real world. I've never been that interested in designing sci-fi or fantasy environments, it's so difficult to come up with something that hasn't been done before in those genres. Having said that, 1948 Hollywood might as well be sci-fi for me. Being in the UK, even drawing drawing modern-day America is difficult enough, so yes, we're lucky to get some help with picture research. I like doing the research, but on a monthly comic, there's never really the time to do as much as I'd like.
So far, I've enjoyed the fact that The Fade Out is a new project. It's always exciting to start something new, but then it gets a little routine, and then there's a renewed vigour when the end is in sight. It's always been like that for me, so at the moment I'm still in the first exciting phase!
From what I understand, you're a tremendously fast artist (that's what Ed said at least). I know a lot of artists have found efficiencies with digital tools streamlining the process a bit, but are you one of them? Are you still a traditional artist, digital heavy, or some combination of both?
SP: The Fade Out is my first completely digital comic, and so far it's taking me a lot longer to produce a page of finished art compared to when I worked on paper. Hopefully things will get quicker when I'm more used to drawing digitally. I first started making digital over fifteen years ago, but usually starting with real pencilled pages scanned and then digitally coloured or painted. Since I got myself a Wacom Cintiq and Manga Studio software last year, I don't need anything on paper anymore. I'm sure my original art dealer will have a fit when he finds out…
Continued below
You've been nominated multiple times in the past for the Eisner Award for Best Cover Artist, for your work on “Sleeper”, “Criminal” and “Fatale.” Everyone has a different opinion on this, but to you, what makes a great comic book cover?
SP: A cover's job is to sell the book, and to do that, it needs something to make it stand out on the racks. Strong composition and readable typography. Keep it simple!
When it came to all of your covers for “Fatale”, each cover was framed with a white border that did a wonderful job of emphasizing the central image. It was a great unifying factor to your entire run on that book. On “The Fade Out”, from what we've seen there's another continuing theme, and that's that white space moving in on the page to really emphasize the repeated titling element and a singular image. I love it, and it makes for some beautiful, unique looking covers. What's your process for developing a cover theme like this one or Fatale's? How many iterations of a cover design did you go through before settling on this one, and what made it the winner?
SP: I'd already used the white border back on Sleeper, and I thought it was time to bring it back. You could pick it out on the shelves from thirty feet away, no matter what the picture was.
With The Fade Out, we needed something to show for when our exclusive 5-year deal with Image was announced back in January, and Ed suggested a typewriter and some blood and a dead body's hands. I simplified that down to just the typewriter and the blood incorporated into the logo. I photographed a vintage typewriter I have and threw the photo together with some type pretty quickly for the announcement. When it came to do the actual first cover, we used the same elements but I did a digital painting of the typewriter instead. The white backgrounds on the subsequent covers came about accidentally after finishing the first cover and deciding that starkness looked good.
It was my first and last idea, although the type did have some fine tuning. The fonts used for the title and credits are also used again in the interiors for the title page, the text pages and any words that aren't dialogue or captions in the story.
I honestly can't remember seeing a page introducing the cast of one of your projects with Ed before, but I loved it, and it helped me keep things straight as I read the first issue. For you, why was it important to add a page like this, and will it be a recurring theme in the book going forward?
SP: It will be in every issue I think, with new characters added as we introduce them. It will help me keep the characters on-model I hope. The main reason though is that we needed the story to start on a right hand page so we had to put something there!
We talked about the research involved with the project, given its reality based setting and time, and this page gave us the first significant opportunity for a specific place being depicted in the book in the form of the Hollywood Brown Derby. A quick photo search shows that you're pretty damn spot on with this. As an artist, how rigorous are you in making sure something like that landmark is represented accurately? When it comes to working on a reality based panel like that, are you more focused on best conveying the story or the locale, or do you really just strive for the best of both worlds?
SP: Best of both worlds I hope. Apparently there were a few different Brown Derby around LA, so mostly I jus thad to make sure it was the right one. I enjoy trying to get things accurate though, it definitely helps with keeping you into the story.
Elizabeth Breitweiser's someone you and Ed first started working with midway through “Fatale”, and her colors fit the aesthetic you guys are going to a T I feel. She adds a ton to the setting and feel of this page with her work, but to you, what makes her such a fantastic collaborator, and what do you think makes her such a great fit for “The Fade Out”?
Continued below
SP: Bettie's a great fit for any project. The stuff she does on Outcast and Velvet is just great. If only she could make my stuff look as great as Paul Azaceta…
Bettie always surprises me with her colour choices and does stuff I'd never think of doing and that's what I always like in a collaborator.
One thing I didn't really realize before this endeavor is how strictly you stay to page layouts that are three rows of panels of equal height, with this being one of the few in this issue that breaks from that. Why is that? What is it about that page structure that helps you better tell a story?
SP: I first started using the three-tier grid back on Criminal as a reaction to the free-form, cascading layouts I'd used on my first book with Ed, Sleeper. Partly just to change it up, but mostly to make it easy to read. With Criminal we had the perhaps naive idea we might attract crime-fiction-reading, non-comic readers and wanted to make it as easy as possible for them to follow our stories without trying to figure out how to actually read the thing.
I like the rhythm the three tiers sets up on the page, how I can control how quickly panels and pages are read by varying size and placement of the pictures on a tier.
When it comes to this project, and other projects you've done with Ed, how do the two of you work? Are his scripts pretty specific when it comes to page layout, or are they more loose and he trusts you to make the visuals tell the story the way it needs to?
SP: We trust each other to do our jobs properly, so Ed's scripts leave almost all of the visuals up to me. Some times he might suggest a panel be full-tier, or close-up, but usually I get to choose. He does describe actions, a shake of the head or punch or whatever else the characters need to be doing but how to frame that is up to me.
I've always loved the way you convey a character's emotional state, and when it comes to Charlie here, he's really feeling it, but you're never overt in making his emotions obvious. I know you're more interested in stories set in the real world, but would you say that heavy character work like this is something more specifically of interest to you?
SP: Yeah, for me it's all about the acting, how the characters react to what's happening to them. Back when I was drawing super-heroes I always thought I was faking it. I grew wanting to draw nothing but Spider-man, but then found the way I draw doesn't necessarily suit those sorts of comics.
I love the way the art juxtaposes Charlie's internal shame about his complicity with Hollywood's rather sketchy behavior against some of its more idyllic, iconic historical images. It's the only time in this issue that backgrounds are used to convey anything but what's really going on there. I'm curious, what emotions were you looking to trigger in readers with the pairing of those fore and background images?
SP: The filmic background images are there to contrast the fantasy of Hollywood's product with the behind the truth reality of what it takes to make movies. At least I think that's what that page does, you'll have to ask Ed!
